NZ products locked out of Australian supermarkets
Grocery controversy has New Zealanders calling for a boycott of Australian products.
Storified by The Stream· Mon, Feb 10 2014 11:15:43
@woolworths Bring back NZ products. This customer didn't 'want' you to discontinue stocking NZ lines. #ConsumerChoiceKristyn Harman
@woolworths @coles where's all the NZ produce gone? I #nzlamb for example is the best in the world!Tim Newton-Howes
Coles and Woolworths Aus are removing NZ products. Coles' owner owns Bunnings and Kmart in NZ. WWs owns Countdown. #JustSayin #ThinkB4UshopPaul Matthews
I understand where you're coming from but you have basically banned NZ Products. You have yet to answer. Why you did it? What's the benefit of removing NZ items. Why are you not giving the people of Australia the choice to choose?Lucan Turnbull
On Facebook, one user said the "Buy Australian" campaign is short sighted.
Buy Australian only is short-sighted. We need to develop our own trade bloc in the Asia-Pacific if we're ever to be able to hold our own against the EU and other trade blocs. We can't expect other Asia-Pacific countries to buy our products if we won't buy theirs. We'll end up left out of our own region's trade bloc. That wlll be VERY bad for us when the mining boom is over and no one will buy our other products. The Australian economy will suffer enormously if we don't trade fairly now with our neighbours. Short-sighted nationalism will see us shooting ourselves in the foot.Rhiannon Church
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key said their country considered the move by Australian supermarkets a breach of the spirit of the Closer Economic Relations agreement (CER) between the two nations.
If it is a breach of the CER agreement will you comply and apologise to New Zealand.Lucan Turnbull
On their Facebook page, Woolworths responded to the posts concerning the issue:
Woolworths have long preferred to source from Australian suppliers and producers where possible. Countdown in New Zealand has the same approach. It makes sense to do so and it's important to our respective customers.facebook.com
We do not believe that a desire to source locally on either side of the Tasman is a breach of any agreementfacebook.com
Their response was not enough to change some minds referring to Woolworths' New Zealand supermarket "Countdown".
You say that then instruct all Countdown stores to remove all Australian made products. ....cmon....Put your policy into action across the Tasman. ...Terry Hudson
Delia Morris writes on Woolworth's page:
Hi from New Zealand -- every item I buy in the NZ owned supermarket New World tomorrow, will be scrutinised closely to make sure it is not Australian made. Was good for the goose and all that.facebook.com
If you asked Kiwis whether they would prefer to buy goods sourced from NZ or other countries, they would say buy NZ Made. But when Aussie does it, its racist? Come on, if Aus wants to support its own first, who can blame them?Genie Dee
Some like Peter Philip James on Facebook and others called for a boycott of Woolsworths and Coles.
Boycotting Woolworths over your protectionist stance and removal of NZ made products from your shelves. And I ask my fellow NZ'ers in Oz to do the same. No problems with Buy Australia made. But I just wonder if you're really pandering to the interests of Australian producers scared of superior NZ produce!facebook.com
Aggressive ‘Buy Australia' campaign by Coles and Woolworths means NZ goods stripped from shelves. Lets do same in reverse.Chris Taylor
In response to the news, New Zealand shoppers called for a national boycott of Australian-owned Countdown that operates in New Zealand.
If Oz supermarkets want to boycott NZ goods then a new look at shopping at Oz supermarkets in NZ. #countdownmjfield
#Boycott #Countdown in New Zealand until they stock New Zealand produce in Australia.Bruce Rice
Hi I will no longer buy any Australian sourced products at Countdown. Why should we support Australian food growers when this support is not reciprocated? Consumers in both countries lose out in this type of behaviour as it leads to potentially less choice , lower quality and higher prices.Robyn Parrish
Just drove out of my way and shopped at Pak'n'Save #BoycottCountdown and bargains #winpohutakawa09
A Facebook page was created in order to spread the message of the Countdown boycott:
Boycott Countdown FacebookAJstreamTEST
Countdown Supermarkets responded to the boycott and anti-New Zealand accusation in a Facebook post on their page.
Hi everyone, supermarkets have been in the media a lot today and we wanted to let you know that we prefer to buy from New Zealand suppliers first, because it makes sense and it's important to us and our customers. We're listening to your comments and making sure the Woolworths business in Australia is aware of your feedback. In New Zealand, we're proud to partner with over 1,000 local suppliers as well as hundreds of farmers and growers and we are committed to offering our customers the choice of locally grown products, both through our own brands and other brands we stock on our shelves. We are also proud to employ over 18,000 Kiwis in our stores.
Hong Kong billionaire is giving $180,000,000 to any man willing to marry their daughter
Chinese business person, Cecil Chao, made their billions developing luxury high rises in Hong Kong.
 They are desperately seeking any man to try and woo their daughter into marrying him.
“He is known for making outlandish statements such as the time they were quoted by the Hong Kong media for saying they had bedded over 10,000 women in their lifetime.”
Most famous of all their public announcements was in 2012 when they offered $60,000,000 USD in the form of a “dowry” (which is a parental transfer of money or property) to whichever man could turn their daughter straight.
They came back in 2014 upping the ante to $120,000,000 USD. And now he's back to say the bounty is now $180,000,000 to who ever can get the job done.
It's hard to pin down exactly what's happening in Alberta's election. If current polls are to be believed, there's a real chance the Progressive Conservatives' 44-year dynasty could come to a crashing end (a Mainstreet Technologies poll released Wednesday had the Wildrose and NDP deadlocked at 24 per cent support, with the PCs trailing at 18 per cent). Of course, pollsters also predicted the Wildrose were headed for a historic victory in the lead-up to the last election, and we all know how that turned out.
But given the number of recent polls showing the opposition parties leading or running neck-and-neck with the governing Tories, it's clear there is considerable discontent among Alberta voters — at least in the early days of this campaign. Perhaps part of the reason is that, despite trying to sell themselves as a new broom, a clean break from the dynasty's high-handed and unethical ways, Premier Jim Prentice's conduct since taking office has tended to suggest that little has changed.
Indeed, Prentice's short premiership already includes some notable broken promises. Before last month's budget was tabled, the premier was warning Albertans to brace for massive austerity measures. So convincing was they on this point that they succeeded in luring the leader of the Wildrose Party and much of their caucus into crossing the floor. Yet instead of tabling “the most significant budget in modern times,” the document is heavily weighted to raising taxes, compared to its relatively modest spending restraint.
After releasing the budget, Prentice assured Albertans it was “a good plan” and that they would stick to it. “People know me by my reputation, by a lifetime of work,” they said. “When I say I am going to do something, I will do it.” Then the premier defied their own government's fixed-election-date law, in order to send voters to the polls a year early.
Perhaps in response to the polls, Prentice seemed to tack to the right a few degrees Wednesday, announcing that a Tory government would freeze public-sector wages and hiring until the budget is balanced in 2018, and cut a quarter of the government's agencies, boards and commissions by year's end. Prentice's team says they were merely fleshing out what is already in the budget, but they sure seems to have caught the province's unions by surprise.
If there were some reason to believe they would be carried out, Prentice's latest promises would be welcome news: the province already has some of the highest-paid public employees in the country, and there's certainly efficiencies to be found by consolidating government agencies. But given the premier's track record, some skepticism is in order.
The moment of truth in this election could come as early as Thursday, when the leaders of the four major parties take part in a televised debate. Wildrose leader Brian Jean is still untested and relatively unknown; a misstep on their part could significantly hurt their party's chances and send voters back to the Tories, as before. If, however, Jean makes a strong showing and Prentice continues to flip-flop, it's anybody's ball game.
National Post
A judge has thrown out charges of second-degree criminal trespass against seven people who had refused to leave a downtown Portland post office because they were protesting U.S. Postal Service cutbacks nationwide.
Multnomah County Circuit Judge Karin Immergut ruled that their rights to speedy trials had not been met because of unjustified delays.
The seven defendants were among a group of 10 arrested and charged with wrongdoing from the May 24, 2012, protests. Three others either pleaded guilty or didn't show up to court, said a spokesperson for the protesters.
The group of seven was scheduled for trial on Nov. 17. Although second-degree criminal trespass is a misdemeanor, the district attorney's office had decided to handle it as a violation, similar to a traffic ticket.
The protesters stood inside University Station Post Office at 1505 S.W. Sixth Ave. as they held two banners, which read “No closures! No cuts!” and “Occupy the Post Office.”
University Station closed in January 2013, although a new, smaller post office -- called Waterfront Station at 101 S.W. Madison St. -- opened up as a replacement.
The defendants whose cases were dismissed Friday are: Michael Otis Colvin, Timothy Flanagan, James Partridge, John Herbert, John Schwiebert, Trudy Cooper and Ann Huntwork.
Partridge, who was one of the seven, said Monday that they and their co-defendants were relieved that the judge dismissed the charges. But they also were disappointed that they didn't get to defend their right to protest before a jury.
“We wanted to put forth the argument that we've tried everything else to stop the post master general from dismantling the post office,” Partridge said. “We felt like this was one of the few options we had left and we wanted to try that before a jury.”
But Partridge also is among a group of people headed to trial in January to defend themselves against charges from a similar protest -- at the main post office facility in Northwest Portland in October 2013.
-- Aimee Green
“I've never seen anything like it in my life,” John Logan marvels in awestruck tones as they recall the Royal Command premiere of Skyfall at the Royal Albert Hall last October, given in the presence of the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall.
“Seeing that red carpet go on for miles, and the thousands of people, it was overwhelming. What I was really struck by is how benevolent it all was. I kept waiting for that first shard of negativity – but it never came.”
Having played an instrumental role, as screenwriter, in one of the most talked-about movies for ages and the biggest-grossing Bond film of all time, Logan, 51, would be forgiven for not yet having come down to earth. But I've seldom come across a less starry, more grounded individual than the affable and smiling American who takes a short break from the final rehearsal period of their latest play, Peter and Alice, to explain why he's back, once again, in London.
Theirs is now a name to conjure with in Tinseltown – their recent credits combining distinction with daring, whether it be Gladiator, The Aviator, Sweeney Todd, Coriolanus (starring Ralph Fiennes), Hugo, or indeed Bond number 23, which has so far raked in more than $1.1 billion.
They have worked with some of the finest directors in the business: Ridley Scott, Martin Scorsese, Sam Mendes. And yet for them the film industry ranks as a stimulating and lucrative sideline. “I've always loved the movies,” they say, “but when I wake up in the morning I'm still a playwright. Hollywood is not my world. My world is the theatre.”
The play that made their name over here – and which sent their reputation sky-high Stateside after it won six Tony Awards on Broadway – was Red, their fictionalised portrait of the abstract expressionist Mark Rothko circa 1958-9. Those who relished the bracing, pugilistic exchanges between the ageing painter and their young apprentice might have been able to detect Logan's hand in the pivotal showdown in Skyfall.
Openly gay, they broke with Bond tradition by whipping up a homoerotic charge between Daniel Craig's captive 007 and Javier Bardem's louche rogue agent and also by making the encounter unusually protracted. “When I wrote that scene – two men speaking in a room for 10 pages – I thought 'There's no way we're going to be able to do this,' but Sam Mendes said 'Yes, go for it' and I think the audience really embraced it.”
They have signed up to script two more films, even though Mendes has stepped aside from the next one, citing other commitments, and promises more where that came from: “There are lots more ideas for Bond I want to explore,” they enthuse. “We can deal in a complex way with these characters.”
Before any further work takes place on that, though, their time is amply taken up with their new play, which springboards off a real-life, little-known encounter in June 1932 between Peter Llewelyn Davies and Alice Liddell Hargreaves – the inspirations for JM Barrie's Peter Pan and Lewis Carroll's Alice. Michael Grandage, who directed Red, is unveiling it as part of their bold, post-Donmar Warehouse foray into the West End.
You couldn't get bigger box-office draws than Dame Judi Dench and Ben Whishaw in the leads, who also coincidentally play – how neat is this? – M and Q in Bond. All three knew it was coming up after Skyfall – “It was our little secret on the set.”
Judi Dench and Ben Whishaw in Peter and Alice
As with Red, the idea for which hit them on encountering Rothko's Seagram murals at Tate Modern in 2007, so Peter and Alice was prompted by a chance find, they explain. Thumbing through a copy of a biography called The Real Alice, Logan came across a mention of a meeting at Bumpus bookshop, Oxford Street, between Alice (then 80) and Peter (then 35). It took 20 years after that discovery, “in Adelaide of all places”, for the play to reach fruition. The resulting multi-character drama will interweave fact and fiction and take wing across the worlds of Neverland and Wonderland.
Quite a task and a responsibility, given how treasured those tales are, and how wary one should be about misrepresenting the dead. “It's incredibly difficult,” they admit, “when you're dealing with historical or literary material. The exultation lies in finding the poetry – but you can't act in bad faith. You can only torque history so far before it snaps.”
The true story of the five Davies brothers, whom JM Barrie befriended in Kensington Gardens and became a surrogate father to, is as heartbreaking as the art they inspired in innocent, happier days: the eldest, George, died in the trenches; Michael, the second youngest, committed suicide aged 20; and Peter – the middle child – threw themselves in front of a Tube train in 1960 at the age of 63.
The case of Alice Hargreaves (née Liddell) is a little cheerier – although they lost two sons in the First World War and wound up so cash-strapped following their husband's death that they sold off the original 1864 manuscript of Alice's Adventures Underground.
The play will inevitably focus on how its two principal characters came to be overshadowed by their ever-youthful literary incarnations and by the men who moulded them into fiction. Logan is after universal themes too, though.
“With Red I was interested in the passing of a generation and the relationship between fathers and sons. With Peter and Alice, the organising principle for me in a way was: what is it to grow up? What do you gain, what do you lose? Is there a moment when you can say to yourself 'I am no longer a child'?”
Their instinct, as with Bond, is not to do the obvious thing: “The question of paedophilia comes up all the time in relation to those two men [JM Barrie and Charles Dodgson] but it was never my concern. I don't believe they molested the children – in a way, the damage was perhaps more profound than that because Alice Liddell and the Davies boys were objects of obsessive love. The relationship was always a melancholy one – those adults knew that the children, their muses, would grow up and leave them – and that sadness to me was the more significant dramatic point.”
One thing's clear in advance: some Disneyfied or sickly sentimental treatment this ain't. “I'm only interested in writing plays that are about anguish in a way,” Logan observes quietly and emphatically. “I sit in admiration at my colleagues who can write a scene involving two normal people in a restaurant having lunch. I can't do that. I believe the stage is a sacred space. If something is to be truly stage-worthy, then it has to be unafraid to deal with the biggest, darkest themes. And for Peter and Alice, the stakes really were life and death.”
Peter and Alice opens at the Noel Coward Theatre (0844 482 5141; delfontmackintosh.co.uk) on Mar 25
Bengaluru has emerged as the cleanest capital in the country and Mysuru the cleanest city, according to the Centre's Swachh Bharat rankings, released on Saturday, in which south Indian towns came out with flying colours.
The rankings were based on a survey which considered the prevalence and extent of open defecation and solid waste management (SWM) practices in 476 cities. Mysuru led with minimal open defecation and extensive adoption of SWM practices.
If one took the capital cities alone, Bengaluru ranked first followed by Thiruvananthapuram, Gangtok, Delhi and Chandigarh. Bengaluru's overall ranking was seventh, Thiruvananthapuram (8), Gangtok (10), Delhi (16) and Chandigarh (21).
Fifteen of the 27 capital cities surveyed figured among the top-100 performers while five were ranked beyond 300. Patna, the capital of Bihar, came at the bottom, at 429. Among the metro cities, Kolkata came at 56, Chennai (61) and Mumbai (140).
On dealing with open defecation, Bengaluru scored the highest of 13.81 among capitals while Thiruvananthapuram got 13.38. On waste management, Gangtok got the highest marks among capitals with 12.65 while Thiruvananthapuram got 12.64 and Bengaluru 12.29.
In the overall rankings, four Karnataka cities — Mysuru, Hassan, Mandya and Bengaluru — found space in top ten. Hassan was ranked fifth, Mandya sixth and Bengaluru seventh.
Only three cities outside south India found themselves in top ten. Tiruchirappalli came second followed by Navi Mumbai and Kochi at fifth. Halisahar (West Bengal) was ninth and Mangaluru came 11th.
Mysuru scored the highest 18.50 out of 20 marks in minimising open defecation, while Tiruchirappalli could score only 14.38. On sewage waste management, too, Mysuru had an impressive score of 15.75 but Tiruchirappalli had a better score. Overall, West Bengal did well with 25 cities in top 100 while 39 cities from the South also found place in top 100.
Dirty picture
Painting a grim picture of cleanliness in north Indian cities, the survey showed that only 12 cities found place in top 100 while 74 found place in bottom 100.
The survey conducted during 2014-15 was commissioned by the Ministry of Urban Development as required under the National Sanitation Policy of 2008. All the 476 Class-1 cities in 31 States and Union Territories, each with a population of above 1 lakh, were surveyed for assessing total sanitation practices.
“This helps in assessing the present situation in these cities so that they can undertake necessary interventions to meet Swachh Bharat Mission targets in the urban areas,” a senior official said.
A number of cities were surveyed in major states. These included UP (61), West Bengal (60), Maharashtra (43), MP (32), Gujarat (30), Andhra Pradesh (30), Tamil Nadu (29), Rajasthan (28), Bihar (27), Karnataka (26), Haryana (20), Punjab (16), Telangana (11), Odisha (10), Jharkhand (10), Chattisgarh (9) and 6 each from Kerala, Uttarakhand and North-Eastern states.
JERUSALEM — In a sharp turnaround, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu sought on Wednesday to bring the ultranationalist Yisrael Beiteinu party into their governing coalition by offering to name its leader, Avigdor Lieberman, defense minister, according to politicians across Israel's political map.
An Israeli government official confirmed that Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Lieberman had met and formed negotiating teams with the aim of reaching a coalition deal “in the coming days.”
Just hours before meeting Mr. Lieberman, Mr. Netanyahu seemed to have been closing in on a coalition agreement with Isaac Herzog, the leader of the center-left Zionist Union and the head of the opposition in the Knesset, or Israeli parliament. After days of intense back-room negotiations, Mr. Herzog, whose party advocates accommodation with the Palestinians, had been expected to serve as foreign minister, an appointment that was partly intended to ease international pressure on Israel.
By contrast, Mr. Lieberman, 57, foreign minister in two previous governments led by Mr. Netanyahu, is known as a blunt-talking, polarizing figure. They demand the death penalty for Palestinians convicted of acts of terrorism; has called in the past for the toppling of Hamas, the Islamic militant group that controls Gaza; and once suggested that Israel could bomb the Aswan Dam in any future military confrontation with Egypt. Israel signed a peace treaty with Egypt in 1979.
The English dub for One Piece Film Gold is currently being screened in U.S. and Canadian theaters from January 10, 2017 through January, 17th, 2017. To check the complete list of theaters, please visit the FUNimation Films website.
Prior to the movie, some of the cast for the English dub of One Piece Film Gold was announced, but now that the movie is playing across the United States and Canada we have a full list for you. So, there might be a few spoilers for the dub-only fans or for those who have not yet seen the movie. The complete English voice cast is as follows:
In addition to:
ADR Director – Joel McDonald
Assistant ADR Directors – Colleen Clinkenbeard, Apphia Yu
ADR scriptwriter – Clint Bickham
Lead ADR Engineer – Matt Grounds
ADR Supervisor – Gino Palencia
Mixing Engineer – Adrian Cook
Talent Coordinator – Tara A. Williams
Huge thanks to @EddyChristianS1 for the cast list.
Please try to support the official theatrical release, if it is playing in a cinema near you. On a related note, if you want to support more anime in movie theaters, you can use the #OnePieceGOLD hashtag to get the word out.
One Piece Film: Gold has gotten an epic worldwide release. It was released in Japanese theaters on July 23, 2016. One Piece creator Eiichiro Oda reprises their role as the executive producer of the movie. The film is directed by Hiroaki Miyamoto, who also worked on Baron Omatsuri and the Secret Island as the assistant director, and was written by Tsutomu Kuroiwa, who wrote the live-action Liar Game: The Final Stage and Liar Game: Reborn films, as well as the live-action Black Butler film. The movie is set in the One Piece world's biggest golden “entertainment city,” the Gran Tesoro. The Gran Tesoro, a giant entertainment city run by Gild Tesoro and their other Tesoro crew members, is also known as an independent state recognized by the World Government.
SOURCE: FUNimation
UCF leaders reportedly are slated to meet with Big 12 officials next week to make their pitch for an invitation to join the league.
The Knights will be among 12 schools making in-person presentations in Dallas, ESPN's Brett McMurphy reported citing anonymous sources.
The schools ESPN confirmed advanced to the next round of Big 12 expansion interviews are: Air Force, BYU, UCF, Cincinnati, Colorado State, UConn, Houston, Rice, South Florida, SMU, Temple and Tulane. McMurphy reported ESPN could not confirm whether Memphis is a finalist.
Schools involved in the Big 12 expansion process have signed non-disclosure agreements. UCF leaders have declined Orlando Sentinel requests to discuss the expansion process.
Nearly two dozen schools reportedly went through videoconference interviews with Big 12 commissioner Bob Bowlsby during the past two weeks.
ESPN reported Arkansas State, Boise State, East Carolina, New Mexico, Northern Illinois, San Diego State and UNLV were among the schools that were eliminated from consideration. East Carolina administrators confirmed in a statement released Wednesday they did not advance in the Big 12 expansion process. UNLV and New Mexico officials later confirmed they were out of the mix as well.
CAPTION UCF head coach Josh Heupel on 2019 National Signing Day UCF head coach Josh Heupel on 2019 National Signing Day CAPTION UCF head coach Josh Heupel on 2019 National Signing Day UCF head coach Josh Heupel on 2019 National Signing Day CAPTION New UCF quarterback Brandon Wimbush will have an opportunity to compete for the starting job when the Knights take the field for spring practice in March. New UCF quarterback Brandon Wimbush will have an opportunity to compete for the starting job when the Knights take the field for spring practice in March. CAPTION Following a Fiesta Bowl loss to LSU, UCF coach Josh Heupel and players Titus Davis and Michael Colubiale reflect on the 2018 season. Following a Fiesta Bowl loss to LSU, UCF coach Josh Heupel and players Titus Davis and Michael Colubiale reflect on the 2018 season. CAPTION Head coach Josh Heupel talks to the media as the University of Central Florida football team returns to campus in Orlando, Wednesday, January 2, 2019, after their Fiesta Bowl appearance on New Year's Day. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Head coach Josh Heupel talks to the media as the University of Central Florida football team returns to campus in Orlando, Wednesday, January 2, 2019, after their Fiesta Bowl appearance on New Year's Day. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) CAPTION Josh Heupel recaps Fiesta Bowl Josh Heupel recaps Fiesta Bowl
League officials previously indicated they hoped to make a decision on expansion by the Big 12's board of directors meeting on Oct. 17, although television partners reportedly have spoken out against expansion and league leaders have considered delaying their final decision for a year.
While Bowlsby initially stated the Big 12 would consider adding two to four members, McMurphy reiterated a previous ESPN report stating sources said it is less and less likely the league would expand to 14 teams. They reported the Big 12 would most likely remain at 10 teams or only add two schools to form a 12-team league with two six-team divisions.
The Big 12 commissioned a study to determine whether expansion would help the league raise its national profile and enhance the conference's chances of earning a spot in the four-team College Football Playoff semifinals. Navigate Research determined the Big 12 could increase its chances of reaching the playoff semifinals by 12 percent if it added two members and played a conference title game.
The Big 12 expansion candidates would have much to gain from a move to a Power 5 conference, including a significant bump in revenue once entrance fees to the new league and exit fees from their current conferences are paid. The teams also would enjoy the benefits of playing higher profile competition.
When the Big 12 announced July 19 the conference would evaluate potential expansion candidates, Oklahoma president and chairperson of the Big 12 board of directors Dave Boren said the league would consider schools' strength of athletic program, fan base, media market, reputation and academic standing.
Bowlsby added, "We are looking for members who would grow over time . . . and would bring stability to the conference and would benefit from an affiliation with the schools in our conference."
Bowlsby has since declined to publicly discuss the expansion evaluation process.
ilimon@orlandosentinel.com
Despite their public acknowledgment of the recording's authenticity in the final days of the presidential campaign — and their hasty videotaped apology under pressure from their advisers — Trump as president-elect began raising the prospect with allies that it might not have been them on the tape after all.
WASHINGTON—Shortly after their victory last year, Donald Trump began revisiting one of their deepest public humiliations: the infamous Access Hollywood tape of them making vulgar comments about women .
“We don't think that was my voice,” Trump told the senator, according to a person familiar with the conversation. Since then, Trump has continued to suggest that the tape that nearly upended their campaign was not actually him, according to three people close to the president.
Most of Trump's aides ignored their changing story. But in January, shortly before their inauguration, Trump told a Republican senator that they wanted to investigate the recording that had them boasting about grabbing women's genitals.
More generally, Trump's views on the issue have changed depending upon the political party involved. They have praised women for coming forward after accusations were made against a Democrat, Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota. But in the case of Roy Moore, a Republican candidate for Senate from Alabama, Trump has said they believe Moore's denials that they behaved inappropriately with teenage girls, and they have effectively endorsed Moore's candidacy.
As the issue of sexual harassment has swept through the news media, politics and the entertainment industry, Trump has persisted in denying allegations that he, too, made unwanted advances on multiple women in past years. In recent days, they have continued to sow doubt about their appearance on the Access Hollywood tape, stunning their advisers.
In recent months, they say, Trump has used closed-door conversations to question the authenticity of President Barack Obama's birth certificate. They have also repeatedly claimed that they lost the popular vote last year because of widespread voter fraud, according to advisers and lawmakers.
Trump's falsehoods about the Access Hollywood tape are part of their lifelong habit of attempting to create and sell their own version of reality. Advisers say they continue to privately harbour a handful of conspiracy theories that have no grounding in fact.
One senator who listened as the president revived their doubts about Obama's birth certificate chuckled Tuesday as recalled the conversation. The president, they said, has had a hard time letting go of their claim that Obama was not born in the United States. The senator asked not to be named to discuss private conversations.
Trump's journeys into the realm of manufactured facts have been frequent enough that their own staff has sought to nudge friendly lawmakers to ask questions of Trump in meetings that will steer them toward safer terrain.
To the president's critics, their conspiracy-mongering goes to the heart of why they pose a threat to the country.
“It's dangerous to democracy; you've got to have shared facts,” Republican Sen. Jeff Flake said in an interview Tuesday. “And on so many of these, there's empirical evidence that says no: You didn't win the popular vote, there weren't more people at your inauguration than ever, that was your voice on that tape, you admitted it before.”
Flake, who is not running for re-election, said in the interview that they were about to begin a series of speeches on the Senate floor outlining their concerns about Trump. The first, they said, will be dedicated to what Flake called the president's disregard for the truth.
Many Republican lawmakers — not wanting to undermine the party's fragile negotiations over a much-sought tax overhaul — declined to talk on the record about Trump's pattern of plunging into what one senator called “his rabbit holes.” But the president's success last year has also left some in their party in awe of their achievement and uneasy about angering their base of supporters.
“This guy got $2 billion of earned media in the primary, and they won an election that nobody thought they were going to win,” said Republican Sen. David Perdue alluding to the monetary equivalent of what Trump garnered in news media coverage. “This is a guy who is doing things that are totally unprecedented.”
Perdue, who like the president is a former business executive, did not defend Trump's untruths but said that other historical figures had their flaws, too.
“He's nobody's choir boy, but neither were people like Winston Churchill, for example,” said the senator. “This guy, I think, is a historic person of destiny at a time and place in America when we've got to make a right-hand turn here.” Asked if the truth still matters, Perdue said: “Oh, absolutely. Facts are what you base decisions on.”
But Trump seems to not want to fully accept those facts that are embarrassing or inconvenient.
In October 2016, when The Washington Post first emailed Trump's aides about the dialogue from the “Access Hollywood” tape, Trump said the words described by the newspaper did not sound like things they would say, according to two people familiar with the discussions. However, when an aide played the audio after the newspaper posted it online, Trump, who had been preparing for their second presidential debate with Hillary Clinton, did not deny it.
“It's me,” they told people in the room as they listened. Yet after The New York Times published an article last weekend revealing that the president had questioned the authenticity of the recording, White House aides refused to answer questions about whether Trump still believes it was them on the tape.
The White House declined to comment for this article, pointing instead to comments that Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, made Monday.
“He's made their position on that clear at that time, as have the American people in their support of him,” Sanders said at the White House daily news briefing. They did not offer any direct answers when pressed further about the matter.
Trump's friends did not bother denying that the president was creating an alternative version of events. One Republican lawmaker, who asked not to be identified, said that Trump's false statements had become familiar to people over time. The president continues to boast of winning districts that they did not in fact win, the lawmaker said, and of receiving 52 per cent of the women's vote, even though exit polls show that 42 per cent of women supported him.
Trump has a long history of stretching facts, predating their presidency. They have claimed their signature building, Trump Tower in Manhattan, was several stories taller than it actually is. In their first book, The Art of the Deal, they conceded to employing what they called “truthful hyperbole.” By the Toronto Star's count, Trump had made has made 876 false claims as president as of Tuesday.
“I'm not a presidential historian, but I think many other presidents have written and shaped their own myths,” said Christopher Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media, who spent part of Thanksgiving weekend with Trump at the president's Mar-a-Lago club in Florida.
“Look at what happened with John Kennedy,” Ruddy added. “If you read Theodore White's books on it, they were given a story line about Camelot. I don't think President Trump has gone that far — he's not describing this as Camelot.”
So you weren't born with the superpowers of Greek gods. Eh, what can you do? You lack superhuman strength, crazy combat skills, and freakish agility. Sounds like you're just a regular lady, working a regular job, at a regular company, in a regular town. But wait...what's that peeking out from underneath your shirt cuffs?
Is that...is that a bulletproof bracelet? And, since when do you wear such shiny headbands to the office? That wouldn't be a golden lasso hanging out of your purse, would it? Look, just because you aren't THE Wonder Woman doesn't mean you can't look exactly like your icon (and maybe even inherit some of their awesome power in the process). That's right! You can still beat up bad guys like DC's number one superhero and all it takes is this Wonder Woman Corset Costume, along with the kind of attitude that puts villains in their place (and maybe a few more sessions with your personal trainer).
This red bustier corset has a constructed foam bust with actual boning and underwire support so you can bust a move without busting out of your costume. Like Diana's, your look includes a belt, cape, and skirt--but we've also given you a little extra (to make up for that office job you have to work), garter straps so that you can pick up a pair of stockings and really make waves. Wherever you go in the officially licensed totally-not-your-everyday Wonder Woman costume is bound to be a little out of the ordinary!
Image caption The one-off revival will be screened in September
Sherrie Hewson, John Challis, Roy Barraclough and Mathew Horne are among stars who have filmed a new version of classic sitcom Are You Being Served?.
Loose Women star Hewson has taken over as the pink-haired Mrs Slocombe, originally played by Mollie Sugden.
Coronation Street favourite Barraclough plays Mr Grainger and Only Fools and Horses star Challis is Captain Peacock.
Gavin and Stacey's Horne plays Mr Grace, while Jason Watkins is Mr Humphries, first played by John Inman.
Full cast, as pictured above:
Back left-right: Arthur Smith as Mr Harman, Jorgie Porter as Miss Croft, Justin Edwards as Mr Rumbold and Mathew Horne as Mr Grace.
Front left-right: Niky Wardley as Miss Brahms, Sherrie Hewson as Mrs Slocombe, John Challis as Captain Peacock, Jason Watkins as Mr Humphries, Kayode Ewumi as Mr Conway and Roy Barraclough as Mr Grainger.
Image caption The sitcom followed the cast of a department store
The original show began in 1972 and ran until 1985.
The one-off revival will be screened in September as part of a BBC season celebrating 60 years of the television sitcom.
Other classics being revived for the occasion include Porridge, Up Pompeii! and Keeping Up Appearances.
Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram, or email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Link Of The Day - Coupons For Godaddy
School bans on cell phones are dialing dollars for one savvy entrepreneur.
Vernon Alcoser has cornered the mobile market at two Bronx schools, where students pay $1 a day to keep their cell phones in the trucks they park nearby.
“It's better than trying to sneak your phone in,” said Tatyana James, a first-year student at Herbert H. Lehman High School who pays Alcoser's company, Pure Loyalty Electronic Device Storage, to baby-sit their BlackBerry during class.
As far as Alcoser knows, their phone storage trucks are the city's first. Parked across from Lehman on E. Tremont Ave. and DeWitt Clinton High School on Mosholu Parkway, they serve more than 700 students each day.
“It makes the students and parents feel better to know their phones are safe,” said Alcoser, 38, a correction officer who lives on Webb Ave. in the Bronx.
The city Department of Education banned electronic devices in 1998, cracking down on cell phones in 2005, said spokesperson Marge Feinberg.
But not all schools enforce the ban the same way.
For years, Lehman students brought their phones to school, hiding them during class, said Lehman junior Jenifer Espinal. But this September, the school installed metal detectors.
Alcoser hit on the idea of a mobile phone-mobile two months ago, after hearing Lehman parent Jeanette Millan complain about the ban. Them son calls to check in after football practice.
“I need to know where my child is at all times,” they said. “He takes two trains and a bus to get home. It's dangerous out there.”
Cell phones disrupt learning, said Feinberg. But students use their phones to stay safe and have fun after school, Alcoser said.
“I need my phone in case someone tries to hold me up or stab me,” said Lehman sophomore Justin Ginorio. “I can call for help.”
Tatyana, 14, is hung up on their smart phone. On their long bus ride home from school, they use the phone to text message friends and post Twitter updates and says it “gives me something to do.”
Local bodegas have provided cell phone baby-sitting for a fee since the ban went into effect. But Espinal called Pure Loyalty a safer and “more convenient” option.
To prevent theft, students are photographed with their phones every morning and use ticket stubs to retrieve them after school. Tatyana said some students sneak their phones past Lehman's metal detectors. But only parents are allowed to retrieve confiscated phones.
“I'd rather pay a dollar than take that risk,” they said.
Pure Loyalty's success has surprised Alcoser, but not employee Jonathan Ortiz, who graduated from Lehman last spring. “These kids can't live without their phones.”
[Via - Unusual Business Ideas]
Five Restaurant Name Ideas
How Six Famous Domains Got Their Names
Product Naming
Business Name Help
SAN DIEGO – Police have released surveillance photos of four suspects who attacked two University of San Diego students outside their home in Mission Beach early Saturday morning.
According to San Diego police, the attack, which was partially caught on surveillance video, occurred at 2:30 a.m. in the 700 block of San Luis Place. The two male victims were involved in a verbal altercation with four people, three males and a female.
At one point, the victims tried to run away, but one of them identified as Corbin Kirk, tripped and fell. Kirk hit their head on the pavement. Kirk's attacker then jumped them and stomped their head, leaving them unconscious, police said. They suffered a brain bleed and a concussion. 10News learned they later underwent emergency brain surgery.
Neighbor Marty Zimmerman who came to Kirk's aid following the attack, said Kirk was beaten so badly they thought Kirk was dead.
“It made me sick to my stomach, it really did,” Zimmerman said.
What prompted the fight between the two parties was not immediately confirmed.
The suspects were all described as white and in their early 20s. The three males were all around 5-foot-10 to 6-feet tall. Their descriptions are as follows:
Suspect 1: Normal build, brown hair, full beard, wearing a burgundy t-shirt, light colored pants, and black shoes.
Suspect 2: Thin build, brown hair, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, long sleeved white t-shirt, black shorts and black shoes.
Suspect 3: Thin build, brown hair, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt with “High Times” written on the back, brown pants, and black shoes.
Suspect 4: White female, with a thin build, wearing a light colored t-shirt and black shorts.
Anyone with information should call San Diego police at 858-552-1700.
PURCHASE, NY—Hot on the heels of last week's FDA approval, on Monday PepsiCo subsidiary Taco Bell launched its controversial “morning after” burrito, a zesty, Mexican-style entree that prevents unwanted pregnancies if ingested within 36 hours following intercourse.
Developed by a team of top Taco Bell gynecologists, the $1.99 “ContraceptiMelt” burrito creates an inhospitable environment within the womb, causing fertilized ovum tissue to be flushed from the body.
Advertisement
Also available are ContraceptiMelt Supremes, featuring sour cream and extra cheese.
Taco Bell officials are excited about the offering. “In the past, before Roe v. Wade, young women literally had to ‘make a run for the border' to terminate an unwanted pregnancy,” Taco Bell public relations director Grant Lesko said. “But now, women can make that same run for the border at over 7,300 convenient locations right in their own hometowns.”
Possible side effects of the new birth-control snack item include weight gain, stomach upset and gas, the same as with all other Taco Bell products.
Advertisement
“The new ContraceptiMelt is a safe, effective alternative to traditional forms of birth control that must be administered before intercourse,” Lesko said. “Plus, it's delicious.”
Customers who wish to purchase a ContraceptiMelt will be required to meet briefly for consultation with a registered Taco Bell counselor/cashier. The counselor will ring up the customer's order and collect money for it, then provide change, before being allowed to administer the ContraceptiMelt.
Advertisement
Additionally, a five- to ten-minute waiting period may be necessary during high-volume “busy periods” in the restaurant, depending on the length of the line.
“Late afternoon, like 3 p.m., is usually a good time to come in,” said Gerry Frankel, an Arlington, VA, Taco Bell counselor/cashier.
While the new burrito is legal and available in all 50 states, parental-consent laws in 37 states require minors who wish to purchase the ContraceptiMelt to obtain permission from a parent or legal guardian—unless they order a side of Cinnamon Crisps and a large beverage.
Advertisement
Taco Bell vice-president of product research and development Marvin Sekuler expects the new product to be tremendously successful.
“All of our test marketing and demographic research indicates that among 14- to 22-year-old females, there is great demand for a quick, relatively painless termination of unwanted pregnancy via spontaneously induced rejection of fertilized, pre-fetal tissue from the uterine canal,” Sekuler said. “Plus, 14- to 22-year-olds love delicious, Mexican-style fast-food products. We're thrilled that our newest menu item can meet both these important needs in a lip-smacking, tasty way.”
Advertisement
While they hope that many young women will purchase the new burrito, Sekuler stressed that the decision to terminate a pregnancy is an individual one.
“We are in no way advocating any particular view on this most sensitive of issues,” they said. “We simply want to offer this option. And, of course, we fully respect our customers who decide to carry their babies to term. In fact, I'd like to point out that Taco Bell offers a wide variety of non-contraceptive menu items that can provide the crucial nutrients—such as mild sauce, shredded cheddar and beef—that a growing fetus needs to develop properly.”
Sekuler noted that every pregnacy terminated by the Taco Bell ContraceptiMelt comes with a special guarantee.
Advertisement
“If any one of our customers becomes pregnant after consuming our new burrito, the Taco Bell Corporation will, guaranteed, hire that person to work for us at $6.25 per hour,” they said. “Taco Bell's competitive, above-minimum-wage salaries; flexible schedules; and fun, team-oriented atmosphere make it the ideal place for a young, single mother, enabling them to provide for themselves and their children with uninsured subsistence living.”
Pending FDA approval, Taco Bell plans to follow up the ContraceptiMelt with the RU-486 MexiCarriage Deluxe. Already legal in France, the MexiCarriage Deluxe costs $1.59 if purchased during the first MexiMester, $1.79 during the second and $1.99 during the third.
The next round of voting has begun for the 2017 Melon Music Awards!
The first round of voting for the Top 10 ended on November 12, and the winners were announced on November 13. Voting is also currently running for the Kakao Hot Star award. Now, voting has opened for the category awards, as well.
The nominees are as follows:
Best Artist Award
BIGBANG
Bolbbalgan4
BTS
EXO
Heize
IU
Red Velvet
TWICE
Wanna One
WINNER
Best Album Award
Akdong Musician – “Winter”
BIGBANG – “MADE”
Bolbbalgan4 – “Red Diary Page. 1”
BTS – “You Never Walk Alone”
EXO – “The War”
G-Dragon (BIGBANG) – “Kwon Ji Yong”
Heize – “/// (You, Clouds, Rain)”
IU – “Palette”
PSY – “4X2=8”
Zion.T – “OO”
Best Song Award
Ailee – “I Will Go to You Like the First Snow”
Akdong Musician – “Last Goodbye”
BIGBANG – “FXXK IT”
BLACKPINK – “As If It's Your Last”
Bolbbalgan4 – “Tell Me You Love Me”
BTS – “Spring Day”
Ed Sheeran – “Shape of You”
EXO – “Ko Ko Bop”
G-Dragon (BIGBANG) – “Untitled”
Heize – “You, Clouds, Rain”
Hwang Chi Yeol – “A Daily Song”
Hyorin, Changmo – “Blue Moon”
IU – “Through the Night”
Jung Seung Hwan – “The Fool”
PSY – “New Face”
Red Velvet – “Rookie”
Suran – “Wine” (Feat. Changmo)
TWICE – “Knock Knock”
WINNER – “Really Really”
Yoon Jong Shin – “Like It”
Best New Artist Award
Chungha
DreamCatcher
Jeong Sewoon
KARD
MXM
ONE
PRISTIN
Wanna One
Weki Meki
Woo Won Jae
Stage of the Year
Kim Junsu (JYJ) – “2016 XIA Ballad&Musical Concert with Orchestra Vol. 5”
Park Hyo Shin – “Park Hyo Shin 2016 LIVE : I AM A DREAMER”
Seo Taiji – “Seo Taiji 25th Anniversary Concert Lotte Card MOOV : Soundtrack Vol. 2”
SEVENTEEN – “SEVENTEEN 1ST WORLD TOUR ‘DIAMOND EDGE'”
VIXX – “VIXX LIVE FANTASIA DAYDREAM”
Netizen Popularity Award
BIGBANG
BTOB
BTS
EXO
Highlight
Hwang Chi Yeol
MAMAMOO
TWICE
Wanna One
WINNER
Hot Trend Award
Girls Next Door – “Deep Blue Eyes”
I.O.I – “Downpour”
Kim Sejeong (gugudan) – “Flower Way”
Suran – “Wine” (Feat. Changmo)
Taeil (Block B), Kim Sejeong (gugudan) – “I Like You, I Dont”
Best Ballad Award
Hwang Chi Yeol – “A Daily Song”
Jungkey – “Anymore” Feat. Wheein (MAMAMOO)
Jung Seung Hwan – “The Fool”
Taeyeon (Girls' Generation) – “Fine”
Yoon Jong Shin – “Like It”
Best Dance Track Award
BLACKPINK – “As If It's Your Last”
BTS – “DNA”
EXO – “Ko Ko Bop”
Highlight – “Plz Don't Be Sad”
MAMAMOO – “Yes I Am”
PSY – “New Face”
Red Velvet – “Red Flavor”
Sunmi – “Gashina”
TWICE – “Knock Knock”
WINNER – “Really Really”
Best Rap/Hip Hop Award
Dynamic Duo, Chen (EXO) – “nosedive”
Mad Clown – “Lost Without You” Feat. Bolbbalgan4
Nucksal, Hanhae, Rhino, Jo Woo Chan – “1/n” Feat. Dynamic Duo
Woo Won Jae – “We Are” Feat. Loco & Gray
Zico (Block B) – “Bermuda Triangle” Feat. Crush & Dean
Best R&B/Soul Award
G-Dragon – “Untitled”
SISTAR – “Lonely”
Suran – “Wine” (Feat. Changmo)
Zico (Block B) – “She's a Baby”
Zion.T – “The Song”
Best Indie Award
CHEEZE – “Love You (bye)”
Jung Joonil – “Wish”
MeloMance – “Gift”
Standing Egg – “Thought of You”
Vanilla Acoustic – “Just Thinking About You”
Best Rock Award
Buzz – “The Love”
DAY6 – “You Were Beautiful”
FTISLAND – “Wind”
Hyukoh – “TOMBOY”
Kim Heechul (Super Junior), Min Kyung Hoon – “Sweet Dream”
Best Trot Award
Choi Won Young – “I'm Coming”
Hong Jin Young – “Ring Ring” (Composer Ver.)
Jang Yoon Jung – “Cherry Blossom Road 2017”
Kim Yeon Ja, DIA, Hong Jin Young – “You Are My Flower”
Na Hoon A – “The Man's Life Story”
Best Folk/Blues Award
Akdong Musician – “Last Goodbye”
Cao Lu (FIESTAR), Kisum, Yerin (GFRIEND) – “Spring Again”
Jung Eun Ji (Apink) – “The Spring” Feat. Hareem
Yun DdanDdan – “The Night I Miss You”
10cm – “Phonecert”
Best Pop Award
The Chainsmokers, Coldplay – “Something Just Like This”
Charlie Puth – “Attention”
Ed Sheeran – “Shape of You”
Maroon 5 – “Don't Wanna Know” Feat. Kendrick Lamar
Zedd, Alessia Cara – “Stay”
Best OST Award
Ailee – “I Will Go to You Like the First Snow”
Bolbbalgan4 – “You and Me from the Start”
Kassy – “Good Morning”
Sung Si Kyung – “Somewhere Someday”
V (BTS), Jin (BTS) – “Even If I Die, It's You”
Voting will run until December 1, and the winners will be announced at the 2017 Melon Music Awards on December 2.
Canada's business deal with communist China makes Bob Dechert's flirtatious e-mail exchanges with a female “Spy” and Canadian Border Services' people partying with pro “agents” seem entry level.
While the United States of America considers Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei a “serious threat” to “national security,” the corporation thrives in its Markham headquarters.
One country's security risk is another's opportunity.
“If I were an American company today, and I'll tell you this as the chairperson of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and you are looking at Huawei, I would find another vendor if you care about your intellectual property, if you care about your consumers' privacy, and you care about the national security of the United States of America,” Congressman Mike Rogers told 60 Minutes's Steve Kroft Sunday.
And a bi-partisan report released Monday urges America not to deal with Huawei, charging its roots — steeped in Red China's militaristic past — cannot be trusted since “China has the means, opportunity, and motive to use telecommunications companies for malicious purposes.”
It's an American election-time shocker but Canada doesn't appear concerned.
And Ontario has invested $6.5-million in taxpayer grant money into the company.
“Our government is proud to partner with Huawei, one of the world's leading telecommunications technology companies, on their most recent expansion into Ontario. Setting up their Canadian headquarters in Markham and their R&D Centre of Excellence in Ottawa speaks to the confidence Huawei has in Ontario's skilled workforce and competitive business environment,” Economic Development Minister Sandra Pupatello said last year.
The Ontario Government web site also states “during Premier McGuinty's latest trade mission to China, Huawei-Ontario announced a $67 million (investment) in the expansion of the company's Ottawa R&D Centre to help consolidate the company's leadership in the global marketplace, and help create 164 new good jobs.”
Huawei's Canadian spokesperson Scott Bradley, a former federal Liberal candidate who once worked for Bell, said their company is no threat and if you “scratch” beneath the surface of many international companies you will find military backgrounds.
“We recognize, that as a Chinese-based telecommunications company, it is fair and reasonable to expect that we would be under some scrutiny from government. For this reason, we have worked to conduct ourselves in a manner that positively reflects our contribution to Canada.”
They also said “we are creating new jobs, we are investing directly in Canadian R&D, we are opening up our global supply chain to Canadian manufacturers, and we are delivering leading-edge technologies that will ensure Canadian companies in both urban and rural Canada can be competitive with the rest of the world.”
Andrew Block, spokesperson for Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid, said “we'll review the 60 Minutes report, but while we are aware of issues raised in the past, we have not seen evidence related to Huawei's activities here that are cause for concern in terms of our relationship with them.”
Still, if this were an espionage movie, there could be some great pillow-talk and barroom scenes.
But it's not a movie; it's our country's future, said David Harris, director of Insignis and formerly with the Canadian Security Intelligence Service, whose director has spoken of extreme influence by Chinese government.
“Imagine if Germany and Japan had somehow achieved analogous levels of technological penetration in the prelude to WWII. The war would have been over for the West long before it began,” said Harris, adding about 1,000 spies or informants may be operating here. “They only do it because it works. We all have our needs and conceits. China takes the long view when it comes to intelligence.”
So, should Canada take a second look before finalizing the Alberta Nexen deal with the Chinese National Offshore Oil Company? And before any more former prime ministers, like Paul Martin or Jean Chretien, or senior cabinet ministers, like Stockwell Day, start doing business with China immediately after leaving public life? Or before Premier McGuinty's fourth China trade mission next year?
The Americans don't like the stench but it is noteworthy that Canada doesn't seem to be holding its nose.
“As they say,” Harris said with an alarmist chuckle. “Money has no smell.”
Description
REMR39000
Remington began manufacturing top-quality pocket knives in the early 1920's. Ever since their initial introductions, Remington knives have been prized for their functional design, unsurpassed workmanship, and first-rate materials. Today, their knives feature blades of the finest cutlery steel made in American steel mills. The steel is hardened and tempered for toughness and extended edge retention, then hand honed to a super sharp cutting edge.The handles, of durable quality materials, grip tight and feel comfortable. With proper care, the handle will keep its brilliance for many years. Designed to work hard and last long. A joy to collect and to use.The Butterfly knife, manufactured by Bear & Son Cutlery, is one sweet tool. It gets a bad rap and is often associated with switchblades but nothing could be much further from the truth. They are difficult to master but are ultra fun to play with and cut with a vengeance when necessary. The handles are green coated aluminum and the blade is made from 1095 carbon steel with a black powder coating. The latch swings freely and locks the knife in both the open and closed positions. This model is also available with a wicked cool tanto blade or black coated aluminum handles for a more tactical look.
Two Transportation Security Administration agents at Denver International Airport have been fired for allegedly conspiring to grope male passengers in an elaborate plot that involved hand signals and the manipulation of the settings on a full-body scanner so that more thorough pat-downs could be conducted on men found attractive.
One agent, a man, would allegedly signal to a female coworker when a male passenger they found attractive was coming through the scanner, according to The Denver Post, which cited a police report.
The female agent would then allegedly press a button on the touchscreen that would change the gender of the passenger to female, thus triggering an alert for an anomaly detected in the passenger's crotch. That would lead to a physical pat-down of the groin, conducted by the male TSA agent.
The agency received an anonymous tip about the alleged gropings from an employee in November, according to KUSA-TV in Denver.
However, the agency reportedly did not look into the allegation until February, when an investigator stood in the screening area, watched the scheme unfold firsthand and reported it to Denver police.
The investigator witnessed the male screener giving the signal and the female agent changing the gender setting, before the male agent conducted "a pat down of the passenger's front groin and buttocks area with the palms of their hands, which is contradictory to TSA searching policy," according to a police report cited by KUSA.
When questioned, the female screener admitted to doing this at least 10 other times, according to FOX31 Denver.
Neither of the fired screeners has been publicly named.
CBS4 in Denver, which first broke the story, said the TSA has refused to release documents and videos related to the case, saying they are part of an ongoing investigation.
A San Francisco couple and their two cats died from poisoning from carbon monoxide poisoning.
Roger Morash, 35, their wife Valerie Morash, 32, and their pets were found dead inside their apartment in Berkeley, California, on Monday.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology graduates had died from poisoning due carbon monoxide in their home, a law enforcement source said on Friday.
The couple was using a laser 3D printer that was venting into their residence, CBS San Francisco Bay Area reported.
Scroll down for video
Roger Morash, 35, their wife Valerie Morash, 32, and their two cats were found dead inside their apartment in Berkeley, California, on Monday. They were poisoned by carbon monoxide
The couple's bodies, along with their two cats, were found by a friend at their fourplex on Deakin Street (pictured) where the couple had lived for seven years
The couple's bodies, along with their two cats, were found by a friend at their fourplex on Deakin Street, where the couple had lived for seven years, reported the news outlet.
Researchers at the Illinois Institute of Technology warned users against the potential dangers of 3D printers for home use, reported the Chicago Tribune.
When used in industry, the machine's use of lasers on certain types of plastics can emit toxic gasses, including carbon monoxide and hydrogen cyanide.
Researchers at the Illinois Institute of Technology warned users against the potential dangers of 3D printers for home use. Lasers used on types of plastics can emit toxic gasses, including carbon monoxide. Pictured: Where the couple lived in Berkeley, California
One of Roger's former co-workers told KTVU: 'They were modest people, they had great educations, and were clearly very talented.
'But they got up to do their thing every day and they were just the nicest people you'd ever meet.'
The Morash's memorial service was held on Friday and attendants described the two as talented, modest and kind.
After the couple's sudden death, a GoFundMe was started to help with costs of getting friends and family into town for their funeral. It raised more than $15,000 in three days.
Shirley Temple? Apocryphal?
Dear Quote Investigator: There is a funny anecdote about the young superstar Shirley Temple and their visit to Santa Claus when they were six. They began to question the story of toys distributed from the North Pole by Santa. Can you locate a version of this from Temple herself?
Quote Investigator: The earliest instance of this anecdote that QI has located appeared in a newspaper in 1961. The byline indicated the source was the WNS news service [TPST]:
Shirley Temple said they stopped believing in Santa Claus when they went to visit them in a Los Angeles department store and Santa asked them for their autograph.
Temple may have been hasty in their judgment because even Santa or one of their helpers would have been awed by Shirley Temple's box-office power in the 1930s.
Here are additional selected citations in chronological order.
In 1963 the tale of skepticism was presented in the book “Celebrity Register: An Irreverent Compendium of American Quotable Notables” compiled by Cleveland Amory with Earl Blackwell. The volume contained hundreds of short biographical sketches, and the entry for Shirley Temple began with words which were directly credited to the famous actor [STCR]:
“I stopped believing in Santa Claus at an early age,” they say. “Mother took me to see Santa Claus in a Hollywood department store and they asked for my autograph!” Born 23 April 1928, the daughter of a bank clerk (Shirley's earnings were later to total half the bank's total assets), …
By the 1980s the phrasing of the quotation was somewhat different. A precise age for Temple was given in this variant printed in an advertisement for the book “The Oxford Book of Ages” that ran in the New York Times in 1985 [NYST]:
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six. Mother took me to see them in a department store and they asked for my autograph. Shirley Temple
Thanks for your question, and happy holidays to all.
[TPST] 1961 December 08, Times-Picayune, Santa Requested Star's Autograph, [WNS news service]. Section Three, Page 10, Column 8, [GNB Page 48], New Orleans, Louisiana. (GenealogyBank)
[STCR] 1963, Celebrity Register: An Irreverent Compendium of American Quotable Notables, Edited by Cleveland Amory with Earl Blackwell, Profile of Shirley Temple, Page 610, Column 2, Harper & Row, New York. (Verified on paper)
[NYST] 1985 October 6, New York Times, Section: Book Review, [Advertisement for “The Oxford Book of Ages” from Oxford University Press], Page 41, New York. (ProQuest; Visible in full page display; Text not indexed)
In Memoriam: Archpriest Sergei Garklavs
CHICAGO, IL [MW Diocese Communications] — Funeral services for the newly departed Archpriest Sergei Garklavs, Dean Emeritus of Holy Trinity Cathedral here, who fell asleep in the Lord unexpectedly on Monday, October 19, 2015, have been announced.
Visitation will begin at Holy Trinity Cathedral, 1121 North Leavitt St., Chicago, IL at 5:00 p.m. and conclude at 9:00 p.m. on Thursday, October 22. A Panikhida will be celebrated at 7:00 p.m.
Visitation will resume at the cathedral at 3:00 p.m. on Friday, October 23. The Burial Service for a Priest, at which Their Grace, Bishop Paul of Chicago will preside, will be celebrated at 7:00 p.m.
Bishop Paul will preside at the celebration of the Hierarchical Divine Liturgy and Trisagion at 9:30 a.m. on Saturday, October 24, followed by interment at Elmwood Cemetery.
Those who would like to serve are asked to bring white (or bright) vestments. The brother clergy will be singing the responses and taking the Epistle readings as is appropriate for the burial service for a priest.
The parking lot at the Medical Office Building of St. Mary of Nazareth Hospital is available for parking during the visitation and funeral times. The lot can be accessed from drives on either side of the building at 2222 West Division Street.
Born Sergei Kozhevnikov near Voronezh, Russia in 1927, they and their family relocated to Latvia, where their father was able to secure employment. There they met the Latvian Orthodox priest, Father John Garklavs, the future Bishop John of Riga. With the outbreak of World War II, the family found themselves behind German lines. During their high school years in Riga, Sergei resided at the Diocesan Residence and served as Bishop John's subdeacon. As the war was ending, Bishop John and several priests and their families were forced to evacuate Latvia, and the young Sergei elected to accompany them. Later, in Germany awaiting emigration to the US, Sergei took the Bishop's surname, Garklavs. Accompanying them was the Tikhvin Icon of the Mother of God, and their journeys would fall under their protection. After arriving in the US In 1949, Bishop John was appointed Bishop of Detroit and Cleveland and, in 1957, they were named Archbishop of Chicago, serving until their retirement in 1978. They fell asleep in the Lord in 1982.
In New York, Sergei met and soon married Alexandra Iowina, a native of Belarus who also had arrived in the US in 1949. The following year, they were ordained to the diaconate and served with Their Eminence, the late Metropolitan Leonty. After their ordination to the priesthood they were assigned Second Priest at Holy Protection Church, Gary, IN. In 1960, they were assigned Rector of Saint Panteleimon Church, Argo-Summit, IL, where they served until 1983, when they were assigned Dean of Chicago's Holy Trinity Cathedral. They retired and was named Pastor Emeritus of the cathedral in 1997.
Political changes after the fall of the Soviet Union made it possible to open a dialogue for the return of the Tikhvin Icon. Father Sergei traveled to Russia several times, beginning in 1999, which resulted in the triumphant return of the Icon to Russia's Tikhvin Monastery in 2004. That event brought them into contact with the clergy and faithful in Tikhvin, and they subsequently spent extended periods living at the monastery, especially after the repose of Matushka Alexandra in July 2005, where they became a much respected spiritual father. They had even been named an honorary citizen of the City of Tikhvin, and came to play an influential role in the difficult process of restoring the monastery to its former glory.
In the US, however, they will be remembered for being a true, hard-working, faithful and devout Orthodox Christian priest. They were a true “people person,” having both the old-world sense of hospitality by which they warmly encountered others, and “new world” approachability, by which they refrained from using their clerical position to maintain an aloof status. They were a genuine servant of Our Lord Jesus Christ, who became known throughout Orthodox Chicago as a man of spiritual integrity and a true pastor.
Predeceased by their beloved wife, Matushka Alexandra, who fell asleep in the Lord,, they are survived by three sons, the Very Rev. Alexander Garklavs, Rector of Holy Trinity Church, Parma, OH, and George and Paul Garklavs; two daughters, Mary Smith and Olga Prevas; 12 grandchildren; and one great-grandchild.
May Father Sergei's memory be eternal!
Click to view Today at 1pm Japan Time, Square Enix will be outlining its plans for a friendly takeover troubled game maker Tecmo. Square Enix's takeover would help the company gain a stronger foothold in the U.S. market with popular Tecmo titles like the Ninja Gaiden and Dead or Alive games. What's more, Tecmo's games will help strengthen Square Enix's current portfolio, which is heavily dependent on RPGs. This isn't the first time Square Enix has moved in on a beleaguered company. In August 2005, Square Enix acquired Taito and wholly owned the company as a subsidiary by September 2005. Update: Square Enix has released a statement (after the jump) explaining their Tecmo takeover plan. It includes offering to purchase a controlling interest in Tecmo by purchasing shares in that company at 30 percent premium (¥960 a share compared to yesterday's close price of ¥706 a share). The Tecmo Board of Directors has until September 4 to approve or reject this offer. If rejected, Square states, "We will withdraw our offer."
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
This post is about some new compiler optimizations scheduled for Go 1.9, but I want to start with logging.
A couple of weeks ago, Peter Bourgon started a thread on golang-dev about standardizing logging. Logging is pervasive, so performance came up quickly. The go-kit log package uses structured logging, centered on this interface:
type Logger interface { Log(keyvals ...interface{}) error }
Sample call:
logger.Log("transport", "HTTP", "addr", addr, "msg", "listening")
Note that everything that goes into a logging call gets converted into an interface. This means that it allocates a lot.
Compare with another structured logger, zap. Zap has uglier call sites, specifically to avoid using interfaces, in order to be zero-allocation:
logger.Info("Failed to fetch URL.", zap.String("url", url), zap.Int("attempt", tryNum), zap.Duration("backoff", sleepFor), )
The arguments to logger.Info have type logger.Field . logger.Field is a kind of union-ish struct that includes a type and a field each for a string , an int , and an interface{} . Thus interfaces are not necessary to pass the most common kinds of values.
Enough about logging. Why does converting a concrete value to an interface sometime allocate?
Interfaces are represented as two words, a type pointer and a value pointer. Russ Cox wrote a lovely explanation of this, which I will not attempt to repeat. Just go read it.
Their post is slightly out of date, however. They point out an obvious optimization: When the value is pointer-sized or smaller, we can just put the value directly into the second interface word. However, with the advent of concurrent garbage collection, that optimization got eliminated. Now the second word in the interface is always a pointer.
Consider:
fmt.Println(1)
Before Go 1.4, this code did not allocate, because the value 1 could be put directly into the second interface word.
That is, the compiler treated it something like this:
fmt.Println({int, 1})
where {typ, val} represents the two words in an interface.
As of Go 1.4, this code started allocating, because 1 is not a pointer, and the second word must contain a pointer. So instead the compiler+runtime conspired to turn it into something roughly like:
i := new(int) // allocates! *i = 1 fmt.Println({int, i})
This was painful, and there was much wringing of hands and gnashing of teeth.
The first significant optimization to remove allocations was added a bit later. It kicked in when the resulting interface did not escape. In that case, the temporary value could be put on the stack instead of the heap. Using our example code above:
i := new(int) // now doesn't allocate, as long as e doesn't escape *i = 1 var e interface{} = {int, i} // do things with e that don't make it escape
Unfortunately, many interfaces do escape, including those used in calls to fmt.Println and in our logging examples above.
Happily, Go 1.9 will bring a few more optimizations, in part inspired by the logging conversation. (Unless those optimizations get reverted in the next six months, which is always a possibility.)
The first optimization is to not allocate to convert a constant to an interface. So fmt.Println(1) will no longer allocate. The compiler puts the value 1 in a readonly global, roughly like this:
var i int = 1 // at the top level, marked as readonly fmt.Println({int, &i})
This is possible because constants are immutable, and will thus be the same every time the interface conversion is reached, including recursively and concurrently.
This was inspired directly by the logging discussion. In structured logging, many of the arguments are constants– almost certainly all the keys, and probably a few of the values. Recall the go-kit example:
logger.Log("transport", "HTTP", "addr", addr, "msg", "listening")
This code drops from 6 allocations to 1, because five of the arguments are constant strings.
The second new optimization is to not allocate to convert bools and bytes to interfaces. This optimization works by adding a global [256]byte array called staticbytes to every binary, where staticbytes[b] = b for all b. When the compiler wants to put a bool or uint8 or other single-byte value into an interface, instead of allocating, it calculates a pointer into this array. That is:
var staticbytes [256]byte = {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, ...} i := uint8(1) fmt.Println({uint8, &staticbytes[i]})
There is a third new optimization proposed that is still under review, which is to not allocate to convert common zero values in an interface. It applies to integers, floats, strings, and slices. This optimization works by checking at runtime whether the value is 0 (or "" or nil ). If so, it uses a pointer to an existing large chunk of zeroed memory rather than allocating some memory and zeroing it.
If all goes well, Go 1.9 should eliminate a fair number of allocations during interface conversions. But it won't eliminate all of them, which leaves performance still on the table as the logging discussion continues.
The interplay between implementation decisions and APIs is interesting.
Picking an API requires thinking about the performance consequences. It is not an accident that io.Reader requires/allows callers to bring their own buffer.
Performance is in no small part a consequence of the implementation decisions. We have seen in this post that the implementation details of interfaces can substantially alter what code allocates.
And yet those very implementation decisions depend on what kind of code people write. The compiler and runtime authors want to optimize real, common code. For example, the decision to in Go 1.4 to keep interface values at two words instead of changing them to three, which made fmt.Println(1) allocate, was based on looking at the kind of code people wrote.
Since the kind of code people write is often shaped heavily by the APIs they use, we have the kind of organic feedback loop that is fascinating and sometimes challenging to manage.
Not a terribly deep observation, perhaps, but there is one takeaway: If you're designing an API and worrying about performance, keep in mind not just what the existing compiler and runtime actually do, but what they could do. Write code for the present, but design APIs for the future.
And if you're not sure, ask. It worked (a bit) for logging.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young boy has watched Star Wars from the sofa for the first time, using goggles that enhance vision in the partially sighed.
Charlie Mason, nine, who has an inherited form of macular degeneration, was so stunned, all they could say was: “It works.”
Their first wish was to watch Star Wars with their family on the couch, rather than having to sit directly in front of the TV.
The GiveVision device features a smartphone attached to a headset. It captures images with a camera and projects them into the person's sight line.
(Image: Guzelian)
(Image: Guzelian)
Users can adjust the images with a remote control. Charlie, of Knaresborough, North Yorks, is trialling the prototype. Their condition causes blind spots to appear in the line of sight, making reading difficult, colours appear less vibrant and faces hard to recognise.
Charlie's mum, Helen, 41, said of the goggles: “It was overwhelming. They were flabbergasted. They just could not believe that they were able to see things that they had not been able to see before.”
(Image: Guzelian)
(Image: Guzelian)
The NHS and Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich invested in the device. Inventors hope the goggles will available on the NHS by 2025.
Michael Crossland, of Moorfields Eye Hospital, in London, said: “This could be used by people not helped by glasses.
WASHINGTON, DC - JUNE 07: An aide hands Darrell Issa (R-CA)(R), speaks with an aide during a hearing at a House Judiciary Committee hearing on Capitol Hill, June 7, 2012 in Washington, DC. Oversight members will be hearing testimony on the initiatives of the U.S. Department of Justice. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images) Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images
In 1983, President Ronald Reagan signed legislation that codified the “exclusive economic zone” of this beloved country. The goal: Some economic guidelines for costal water within three to 200 miles of American shores, “for the purpose of exploring, exploiting, conserving and managing natural resources, whether living and nonliving, of the seabed and subsoil and the superjacent waters and with regard to other activities for the economic exploitation and exploration of the zone, such as the production of energy from the water, currents and winds.”
Now, as The Hill first reported, Rep. Darrell Issa, is re-introducing a piece of legislation that would name all of this water after Ronald Reagan. H.R. 6147 would “designate the exclusive economic zone of the United States as the ‘Ronald Wilson Reagan Exclusive Economic Zone.'” What does this mean? I imagine it'll look like previous versions of the legislation.
A BILL
To designate the exclusive economic zone of the United States as the `Ronald Wilson Reagan Exclusive Economic Zone of the United States'.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION OF THE RONALD WILSON REAGAN EXCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE OF THE UNITED STATES.
(a) Designation- The exclusive economic zone of the United States, as established by Presidential Proclamation Numbered 5030, dated March 10, 1983, is designated as the `Ronald Wilson Reagan Exclusive Economic Zone of the United States'. (b) References- Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the exclusive economic zone of the United States is deemed to be a reference to the `Ronald Wilson Reagan Exclusive Economic Zone of the United States'.
Just when you think that the Republican party can't sink any lower into the muddy waters of hypocrisy, they don their diving gear and double down for a race to the bottom.
The party that claims they and their ball and chain President Bush had absolutely nothing to do with the deficit, yet claim they deserve all the credit for the death of Osama Bin Laden has a new line they'd like you to buy.
Remember those angry town halls last year where they hired shills to play angry voters and yell "Hands off my Medicare!" so they could scare the elderly into thinking Obama's health care plan would have them lined up at "death panels" all across the nation, which in turn helped them win the U.S. House back in last year's election? You do? Well, you're going to need a neck brace for this new whiplash inducing revelation.
Now that those same Republicans actually are trying to kill future Grandmas (that would be you if you're 55 or younger) by killing Medicare altogether have suddenly noticed that people really DO want them to keep their hands off their Medicare! (Imagine that!) Due to the unpopularity of the Paul Ryan "plan" they have come up with a new solution. They have called the "Waambulance."
From Talking Points Memo:
House Republican freshmen admit that their so-called "MediScare" attacks on Democrats helped them win a big majority in 2010. Democrats had voted for the health care law, which included $500 billion in "cuts" to Medicare -- primarily slashing over-payments to private insurers -- and Republican challengers never let them forget it. Now, they say, it's time to let bygones be bygones. Nearly a dozen House Republican freshmen held a press conference outside the Capitol Tuesday morning to "wipe the slate clean," and "hit the reset button."
That "reset button" is the key. You see, they think that while it's perfectly fine to lie about the health care bill, they don't think it's a good idea to now have the Democrats point out those lies when they can no longer fool the public with them. Got that?
Wait, there's more:
On Tuesday, Kinzinger and 41 of their colleagues sent a letter to President Obama, asking them to rein in Democratic attacks on GOP members who voted for the House budget, which includes a plan to privatize Medicare and cap spending on the program. "We ask that you stand above partisanship, condemn the disingenuous attacks and work with this Congress to reform spending on entitlement programs," the letter reads. "Let's get past the past. Let's move forward to the future, and say, 'ok, today is, and we have a real problem,'" Kinzinger said.
In other words, "waaah, Mr. President, the Democrats are being mean to us. Make them stop, pretty please Mr. President?" Yes, I'm sure after over two years of bashing them and blocking virtually everything they and the Democrats have tried to do, I'm sure President Obama will get right on that!
But wait, there's still more. The letter (which you can read here) does indeed have signatures from those 41 freshmen House members, and among them is one from Florida's own Allen West.
Yes, that's right. That would be the Allen West who "fixes" their town hall meetings on the Ryan plan, but lectures and doesn't take questions unless screened by their staff, and who has constituents arrested if they dare to ask a spontaneous question, and the Allen West who recently told this whopper:
"I gotta tell you something: if you support Medicare the way it is now, you can kiss the United States of America goodbye."
Yes, well Allen West now wants to ask President Obama to interrupt important business to take the time to tell Democrats "C'mon guys, sure the Republicans are lying, but it's what they do! Don't call them on it! C'mon!"
Note to Allen West, "notorious military tough guy" (according to Allen West, that is): to quote a famous movie line "You can't handle the truth!"
It's almost as if he's been somehow "neutered" or something.
Not so tough after all, is he?
Deal with it Rep. West.
The wonderful and superbly talented Patrick Stewart has lent their skillset to the X-Men film franchise for nearly two decades now. With that said, the actor has announced that with the release of Logan, they are officially bowing out of playing Xavier in any further films in the series. As Hugh Jackman retires their claws, this version of Professor X is officially over. With the next iteration on film taking a new turn, this comes as no surprise as both of these actors have fulfilled their duties to a comic book property that's seen the greatness of Logan and the doldrums of X-Men: The Last Stand.
Stewart has been quoted as saying about Logan:
"A week ago, Friday night in Berlin, the three of us sat, watching the movie, and I was so moved by it, much more moved than I had been the first time of seeing it. Maybe it was the company of these two guys, but the movie ended and — this is an admission — but at one point [Hugh] reached out, and they took my hand in those last few minutes, and I saw them go [ mimes wiping a tear from their eye ] like this, and then I realized I had just done the same thing. Then, the movie ended… and we were going to be taken up on stage, but not until the credits were over. So, we had some time to sit there and, as I sat there I realized there will never be a better, a more perfect, a more sensitive, emotional, and beautiful way of saying au revoir to Charles Xavier than this movie. So, I told [Hugh] that same evening, ‘I'm done too. It's all over."
We'll miss Stewart's dedication and the class they always brought to this character. They were always one of the best parts of these movies.
(Recasts throughout with police saying alert apparent misunderstanding over off-duty pilot)
By Alex Dobuzinskis
LOS ANGELES, Nov 19 (Reuters) - A security alert over a report of an unauthorized person trying to board a JetBlue Airways plane at Los Angeles International Airport on Thursday apparently was triggered by an off-duty pilot who ended up taking another flight instead, airport police said.
The situation at the airport unfolded when an individual dressed in a pilot's uniform was seen by an airline employee attempting to enter a New York-bound JetBlue flight through the plane's jetway bridge as the aircraft was being prepared for departure.
Informed that none of the flight crew was supposed to have yet arrived, the employee reported a possible “unauthorized person” in the area, but the individual in question by then had vanished, according to airport officials.
No passengers were on the plane at the time.
Police and bomb squad technicians were summoned, and the plane was towed away from its gate at Terminal 3 for a search of the aircraft while police combed the terminal for the mystery person who was seen on the jetway, airport police spokesperson Rob Pedregon said. The flight's baggage also was put through additional security screening.
Nothing suspicious was found in the aircraft or terminal, and the plane was later returned to service and rolled back to its gate, Pedregon said.
JetBlue said the incident involved Flight 24, an Airbus A321 that was bound for John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York.
Investigators later concluded the individual whose appearance sparked the security alert was believed to be an off-duty pilot still in uniform who originally was on the manifest for Flight 24 but decided instead to take a Virgin America flight back to New York, Pedregon said. They said police were working to confirm the circumstances of the apparent misunderstanding.
Airline spokesperson Morgan Johnston said about 140 passengers were ultimately cleared to board, and the plane was set to make a belated departure for New York.
The incident unfolded among heightened aviation security concerns in the aftermath of the deadly attacks by gunmen and suicide bombers in Paris last Friday that have been attributed to Islamic State.
An FBI spokesperson in Los Angeles said federal agents were seeking to interview the off-duty pilot once they arrived in New York. (Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles; Additional reporting by Lisa Lambert in Washington; Editing by Steve Gorman, Andrew Hay and Jonathan Oatis)
Just one week ago, the rebels who controlled the last few neighborhoods of Aleppo that remain in opposition hands found themselves surrounded and running out of time. The Syrian government and its allies had surrounded what was once Syria's largest city and the country's financial capital. Many feared a humanitarian disaster would unfold, and the regime's recapture of Aleppo would be a devastating blow to anti-Assad forces who do not have full control of a single major city in all of Syria.
Today, the situation is very different.
On August 6, rebel forces broke through the walls of perhaps the most important military base in all of northern Syria. As I explained for The Interpreter on August 1, the Ramouseh artillery base and academy has served as the foundation of the Assad regime's control of Aleppo city -- and with it all of Aleppo Province -- since the city was first attacked by rebel groups in 2012:
The Ramouseh artillery base and academy was the key to maintaining some control in Aleppo for the Assad regime between the summer of 2012 and today. The artillery units there were crucial to [intimidating protesting students], and later in the regime's efforts to flatten the Hamadaniyah and Salah el Din districts just north of the base. The artillery turned regime strongholds into death traps, transforming the battle for Aleppo into a game of inches waged by snipers, artillery, and aircraft. Since regime forces were often outnumbered over the course of those years, this leveled the playing field.
The victory may relieve the humanitarian situation in Aleppo (though this remains to be seen). Furthermore, if the base falls and the regime does not quickly recapture it, Assad could be in danger of losing all of Aleppo. This battle is a testament to how weak the Assad military has become. Even with direct support from the Russian Air Force, tanks, and troops, as well as militants from Lebanon, Iraq, and Iran, Assad may have just snatched defeat from the jaws of victory.
How, then, do they ever hope to restore order to Syria?
But this battle also comes at a price -- a key Al-Qaeda-linked group has helped spearhead the attack on the city. Operating under the umbrella organization Jaish al-Fatah, Army of Conquest, the newly rebranded Al-Nusra Front, now Jabhat Fatah al-Sham, used suicide sappers and tunnel bombs to break open the Syrian Army's battle lines and main defenses, through which various rebel groups are now streaming. As David Patrikarakos explained for RFE/RL on August 4, while many more moderate rebel groups also played very important roles, Al-Qaeda's leading role may impact the entire trajectory of the war moving forward.
As history has shown us, without a singular leader, and without unified and consistent outside support, whichever group wins battles usually becomes the banner carrier on Syria's battlefields. History shows us that victory is the key for Syrian rebel groups. To see this in action, we should look to the beginning of the crisis.
Protesters first took to the streets against Syrian President Bash al-Assad in March 2011, starting the Syrian chapter of the regionwide protest movement that had already swept through much of the Middle East. At first, the demand was not the removal of the president but instead a series of pro-democratic reforms. Those protests were met with violence. As more cities and towns took to the streets and the protests in each one of them grew larger, so, too, did the violence against the protesters grow more intense.
First, protesters were arrested and beaten, then teargassed, and then they were shot at. As members of the military and police grew disgusted by their orders to shoot unarmed civilians, those who did not follow orders were also attacked by the military. By the summer of 2011, regime defectors were hiding in the deserts and mountains, and the battle for the future of Syria began.
By February 2012, the protest movement in Syria was making its final transition into a full-blown civil war. By this time, Homs, a working-class city in the center of Syria, was in full rebellion. Assad, in direct contradiction to their agreement with the Arab League, deployed their tanks and artillery to the city. The death toll exploded, and even peaceful protesters began to realize that Assad would stop at nothing to kill all those who opposed him. For many Syrians rebels whom I've spoken with over the years, the siege of Homs was the moment they realized that there was no peaceful solution to the conflict. It was time to take up arms.
Despite what Syria has become, it might come as a surprise to many that at this time there were effectively no armed groups that had an obvious jihadist or Salafist ideology. Syria was a secular country with a secular military, most rebels were former military or police, and despite being driven to take up arms, they were not particularly interested in overthrowing their government, much less installing some sort of Islamic caliphate, the stated goal of groups like Al-Qaeda and the self-proclaimed Islamic State (IS), which were relative latecomers to this crisis. What Western leaders often refer to now as the “moderate opposition” made up nearly the entirety of the opposition back in early 2012.
But already there were rumors of “bad men” among some rebel groups. Syrian activists whom I consulted at the time, both nonviolent activists and rebels, warned of a group that was increasingly popular with both rebel fighters and some citizens alike – the Al-Farouq Brigade. At a time when most of the armed opposition simply identified as the Free Syrian Army (FSA), Farouq took its own name. It operated under its own orders, often overruling other FSA fighters and commanders in the area around Homs. The rumors quickly spread, some propagated by the Assad regime and others by rival rebel groups or scared civilians, that it was ruling Homs like a mafia state, collecting taxes and intimidating the populace. More than anything, though, the Al-Farouq Brigade was more committed to doing whatever it took to defeat Assad. It was the first rebel group to focus on taking and controlling inhabited cities and towns, and it preferred to take the fight to Assad in offensive battles.
The group's reputation soon grew because it was winning, and because it was taking the initiative. Many FSA fighters saw their leaders as weak and indecisive, and so Farouq was a welcome alternative.
Success bred success. The more battles it won, the more popular the group became.
But the Al-Farouq Brigade was still part of the moderate opposition. Soon, another group was gaining prominence in northern Syria -- the Al-Nusra Front, Syria's Al-Qaeda affiliate. Al-Nusra started as little more than a YouTube video in January 2012. By taking credit for terrorist attacks, some of which it may not have even perpetrated, Al-Nusra soon proved that it, too, was capable of doing what it took to win. Its radical Islamic ideology allowed it to motivate its followers behind a religious objective – the destruction of the government of the Alawite sect and the construction of a Sunni Salafist caliphate. Its adherence to Shari'a law, not pro-democracy ideals, gave it an excuse to dictate orders from the top, rather than seek consensus, which made its leadership, its rule, appear stronger than it really was.
Soon, Al-Nusra had a new rival, Islamic State, which was even more focused, even more brutal, and even more successful on the battlefields of Syria. By early 2014, the most extreme members of the Al-Farouq Brigade, perhaps sensing their own obsolescence, had joined one of these more successful and bloodthirsty groups, while still more members of Al-Farouq joined less radical groups that still had a strong religious identity, reducing the group to one that is now of limited importance. Other Free Syrian Army units are still numerous, but their leadership is more splintered and their ideology, while relatively moderate, is less iconic, less unified, and much harder to define.
After five and a half years of war, the Assad regime, not any terrorist group, is responsible for the vast majority of the deaths in Syria, and an even larger number of the refugees who have fled the constant killing. Groups like Al-Nusra and Islamic State rely on their history of defeating the Assad regime and restoring law and order, even if it is a barbarous order, as their main tools of controlling the people and attracting new members.
When Al-Nusra's suicide bombers opened the way for the opposition to win key bases in Idlib Province, it became the dominant force in that region. When IS's path of bloodshed led to its victories in Syria's east, it was soon able to consolidate territory and declare its caliphate.
There is a real danger that, unless they score a major win soon, moderate groups in Aleppo Province could also give way to groups with more radical ideologies, such as the victorious Jabhat Fatah al-Sham, with all of the problems that such a development would entail.
Malcolm Merlyn is going to be making all kinds of fresh mischief in all kinds of places (and times?), as the result of Arrow vet John Barrowman‘s new deal.
TVLine has learned exclusively that akin to the groundbreaking contract that Wentworth Miller segued into at the end of their single-season Legends of Tomorrow run, Barrowman will continue to appear on Arrow and maintain series regular status — but across all of the superhero shows executive-produced by Greg Berlanti, including The Flash and Legends.
“What it really emulates to us is the comic books themselves, where there really are a cast of characters,” Berlanti said in May, when Miller's own deal was announced. “In success, we hope to continue with other characters finding their way across all the shows.”
Barrowman recurred on Arrow‘s first two seasons, including as Oliver's primary Season 1 adversary, then was promoted to series regular starting with Season 3. During Season 4, they also appeared on The Flash (during the crossover that teed up the DC's Legends of Tomorrow spinoff) and had a short arc on The CW's Reign (as the Scottish clan leader Munro).
Want scoop on any of the above shows? Email insideline@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
As addictions go, a 22-year-old woman named Keyshia has a doody, er, doozie.
She's addicted to the taste of dirty, pee-filled diapers, which they developed a taste for two years ago, according to an episode of "My Strange Addiction" airing Jan. 15 on TLC.
Since that first stained diaper, Keyshia estimates they slurped their way through 25,000 soiled nappies, which is enough for six babies' lifetimes.
In one scene during the show, their fiance Jerome gripes about how they leaf the diapers everywhere, including mugs.
"Just wash the cup" is their retort.
Them fiance is shocked by how far they will go for a taste.
"I've tried to work with her, but they go beyond for their diapers," Jerome said. "She's even willing to dig in the garbage."
In the episode, Keyshia attempts to get the diaper-soiled monkey off their back.
But it's not easy.
"I'm going to smell them one last time then you can have them," they said.
5. Salyut
Salyut (fireworks display) was one of the first manned space outposts. The mission went through its fair share of struggle with multiple Salyuts failing to launch, but Salyut 6 and 7 became the first manned space stations in the orbit. Salyut's success led to the development of the Mir space station.
In 1975, the Soviet Union became the first nation to get past the thick cloud cover of Venus to obtain photos of the surface. Through the 1980s, the Venera probes relayed even more photos of Venus, which are still studied today.
3. Luna 2
On September 14 1959, the Soviet Luna-2 spacecraft was intentionally crashed into the Moon's surface, becoming the first ever object to touch down on the lunar surface. Later Luna spacecraft successfully took photos of the Moon's far side.
2. First manned mission
On April 12, 1961, Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin became the first man in space on board a Vostok (East) spacecraft. One of the many firsts in the former Soviet space program.
1. Sputnik
The Soviet Union officially kicked of the Space Age with the launch of the Sputnik (Satellite). The Sputnik was successfully flown to its destination on an R-7 rocket on October 4, 1957. Sputnik-2 followed up on this success, making a dog named Laika the first living thing in space.
Written by: Denis Ivanov
Yesterday, following on their ruling this Spring that the NSA's warrantless wiretapping of an Islamic charity's lawyers in 2004 violated federal surveillance law, Judge Vaughn Walker in the Northern District of California federal court issued their final order in the case of Al-Haramain Islamic Foundation v. Obama. The order granted the plaintiffs an award of $2.5 million in money damages and well-earned attorneys' fees for the government's violation of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, the same law underlying many of the claims in EFF's ongoing lawsuits against the NSA's mass surveillance program, Hepting v. AT&T and Jewel v. NSA. As one of the plaintiffs said of the ruling to the Associated Press, "the system worked."
The system has indeed workedfor the two attorneys wiretapped in this case as part of the so-called "Terrorist Surveillance Program" that the government has admitted to. But, as EFF has alleged in its cases based on widespread news reports and whistleblower evidence, the full scope of the NSA's warrantless wiretappingcryptically referred to as "Other Intelligence Activities" in the Inspectors General report on the broader President's Surveillance Programimplicates the privacy rights of millions of Americans, rights that EFF is still seeking to vindicate in its lawsuits on behalf of AT&T customers. Both the Jewel and Hepting cases are currently on appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and awaiting the scheduling of oral argument; depending on whether the government appeals yesterday's decision, the Al-Haramain case may soon be joining them.
TORONTO – Two days after the iPhone 5S hit the shelves, German hacking group Chaos Computer Club hacked the TouchID fingerprint scan.
How did they do it? According to the CCC website:
fingerprint of the user is photographed with 2400 dpi resolution
image is cleaned up, inverted and laser-printed with 1200 dpi onto transparent sheet with a thick toner setting
pink latex milk or white woodglue is smeared into the pattern created by the toner onto the transparent sheet
after it cures, thin latex sheet is lifted from the sheet, breathed on (to make it a tiny bit moist) and then placed onto the sensor to unlock the phone
Watch the video here:
The post said the CCC's biometrics hacking team was responsible, with a hacker nicknamed Starbug finding the key.
“We hope that this finally puts to rest the illusions people have about fingerprint biometrics. It is plain stupid to use something that you can´t change and that you leave everywhere every day as a security token,” said Frank Rieger, spokesperson of the CCC, in a statement on Saturday.
The group also noted this hacking method has been around for years; the difference is they needed a higher resolution for their fake because Apple's sensor has a higher resolution than previous sensors.
The hack was announced on IsTouchIDHackedYet.com along with the prize of thousands of dollars and some bitcoin, which will be donated to CCC-Berlin spinoff Raumfahrtagentur (no word if the Bourbon and other bottles of booze will be donated).
U.K. computer security researcher Nick DePetrillo was one of the bounty donors, and tweeted the following Monday afternoon:
It's official. Starbug of the CCC has been declared the winner of #istouchidhackedyet istouchidhackedyet.com Congrats! Video to come soon. —
NickDe (@nickdepetrillo) September 23, 2013
Fellow computer security expert Robert Graham wrote a blog post Monday on what the hack means.
Graham believes that while it's not too much trouble for a private investigator or a kid with lots of time on their hands, TouchID “isn't completely useless.” They said many people don't bother to enter a 4-digit PIN to lock their phone, so if people are using Touch ID security instead of none, it's a good thing.
They also suggested a way to prevent the hack: use your ring or pinky finger since you use those less, which means they're the most difficult to retrieve from the surface of your phone or other surfaces you touch.
Cologne-style sex attacks by migrant gangs occurred in 12 of Germany's 16 states, or 75 per cent, on New Year's Eve, as revealed by German police. Although localised reports of attacks emerged almost immediately via social media, the full scale of the phenomenon is only now becoming clear – and it's having a devastating effect on German society.
Some 1,049 men and women were victimised in Cologne on New Year's Eve, subject to a litany of crimes ranging from pickpocketing to gang rape at the hands of migrants and asylum seekers.
It was by far the most widespread example of migrant crime on New Years Eve, but a report by the German Judicial Police (BKA), obtained by news daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung and the NDR and WDR television stations, reveals that it was far from unique, the Local has reported.
A state by state breakdown shows that almost all of Germany was affected by the crime spree. North Rhine-Westphalia, where Cologne is located, suffered the heaviest bout of migrant crime, registering some 1000 individual complaints.
Next on the list is the city-state of Hamburg, where 200 complaints were made.
At the other end of the scale are Lower-Saxony, Brandeburg, Saxony, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland, which all received one complaint each. As in Cologne, in almost all cases the
Yet whether it was one incident or one thousand, the people of Germany are increasingly feeling unsafe in their own neighbourhoods, putting pressure on the government to reverse their open door immigration policy which has so far been championed by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Mrs. Merkel, who is ideologically wed to the idea of an open Europe, is resisting all efforts to close the borders, instead lobbying for other European countries to take in more migrants to spread the load. Them obstinance is causing others within their party to look for ways to control the flow of migrant into Germany without shutting the borders – yesterday Julia Kloeckner, leader of Merkel's Christian Democrats in the western state of Rhineland-Palatinate suggested setting up a series of “border centres” along the border with Austria in a bid to speed up the processing of migrants and deportation of those rejected.
But Mrs. Merkel's political opponents have been more forthright. Speaking on TV last night, Beatrix von Storch, chairperson of the anti-immigration Alterantive for Germany (AFD) party said Mrs. Merkel had “ruined” Germany like no other leader since the end of WW2.
“I bet you that when this is all over and they have left office they will have to leave the country on security grounds. They will have to go into exile in Chile or some other place in South America,” they added.
Meanwhile the people of Germany are left pleading for more protection from the migrant gangs roaming their streets.
Last week Breitbart London reported on 16 year old Bibi Wilhailm, who uploaded a twenty minute plea for help in the face of the increasing Islamisation of their neighbourhood. Describing how they and a friend witnessed a protest by Muslims calling for death to infidels, they asked: “Why is Germany standing by, watching, and then doing nothing? Please explain, why. Men of Germany, these people are killing your children, they are killing your women. We need your protection.
“The politicians live alone in their villas, drink their cocktails, and do nothing. They do nothing! I do not know what world they live in, but please, people, please help us! Please, do something!”
PALO ALTO, CA—In what is being hailed as the most significant find in the field of planetary astronomy in decades, astronomers at the Palo Alto Observatory on Monday identified a new, previously unknown solar system approximately four feet from the Earth's surface.
The system, located directly over nearby Van Nuys, is described as "a stable, elliptical binary system with at least four major planets, including two gas giants, an asteroid belt and several moons, approximately 17 million billion miles in diameter and some four feet off the ground."
Advertisement
Though the global scientific community is still reeling from the magnitude of the Palo Alto team's research, efforts are underway to analyze the new planetary system using telescopic spectrographic analysis, as well as shovels, in gathering data from distances of up to 48.5 inches.
Dubbed "Proximitus Terrari," or "Right Next to the Ground," the new system proves to be Earth's nearest celestial neighbor, beating out the next-closest system, Alpha Centauri, which is only four light-years from our sun, by a distance of four light-years minus a few feet.
Astronomers were also quick to put the new discovery into perspective. "Often it is difficult for the layperson to comprehend the numbers involved when we speak in terms of celestial distances," Palo Alto astronomer James Chang said. "So, to help you understand, picture, if you will, an everyday household yardstick. Now imagine that yardstick, plus one-third of another yardstick more. This should give you some idea of what we mean by 'four feet.' In astronomical terms, it's really close indeed."
Advertisement
Added Chang: "You know, not many people realize that a whale is not a fish at all, but a mammal, like you and me."
Astronomers say the reason the new system went undetected for so long is that scientists traditionally aim their telescopes outward from the Earth's surface, equipping their observatories with lenses designed to scan trillions of miles away. "Nobody ever thought to look within the one-to-five-foot range before Palo Alto," a NASA spokesperson said.
Advertisement
"Our initial studies of the new system's closest body indicate that its radiation spectrum possesses a heavy composition of boron and magnesium," Palo Alto team leader Stanislaw Lando told reporters. "Also, researchers crawling under the planet who reached up and grabbed handfuls of it report that it feels sandy, and has big purple rocks on it."
Future research projects include a NASA mission to lean a ladder against the planet and attempt a manned climb to its surface, a plan tentatively scheduled for November 1997, with a projected cost of approximately 60 bucks.
Explaining the high cost of the mission, NASA director Frank Forman said, "We'd like to get a really high-quality ladder, just to be safe."
Advertisement
An unrelated plan, not sponsored by NASA, has already gone into effect, with an area car dealership attaching a 20 x 40-foot vinyl banner to the planet's exterior crust, which reads, "Al Vitense Chevy-Geo Is Out Of This World!"
"We must remember that when we observe a celestial object in the night sky, we are observing light rays that left that heavenly body a proportionate amount of time ago to the distance that object is from us," Lando said. "It takes more than four years for light from Centauri to reach our telescopes. In the case of the Proximitus system, though, this time-lag is significantly shorter, perhaps even one-third of that."
Added Lando, "We must also remember not to get too close, as our telescopes might bump into it, poking us in the eye with the other end."
Advertisement
So far, probes have detected no signs of life on the planet, or its neighbor, Proximitus Beta, located about a half-mile south, near the expressway entrance. However, scientists are still earnestly searching the two orbital bodies for evidence, both by penetrating their atmospheres with microwave transmissions and by standing next to them shouting up at their surfaces in the hopes that contact with some form of life may be forthcoming.
Advertisement Retired WDSU reporter becomes victim after armed robbery outside home in Bayou St. John Share Copy Link Copy
A familiar face to WDSU viewers was the victim of an armed robbery Tuesday night.Richard Angelico reported on crime issues in the area for decades at WDSU. The 71-year-old became the victim of one Monday night outside their home.Watch report hereHe said said they arrived to their home in Bayou St. John after giving a talk and was approached by four teenagers who demanded their pickup truck. They told them no, but they said that didn't stop them."I guess I'm lucky to be alive, and I'm just angry," they said. "I parked over here in front of my neighbor's house and I had just given a demonstration on Civil War artifacts and was carrying two things under my arm. I had my keys in my right hand."Angelico said that's when the four teens came up to them from behind."I looked at the one closest to me, and they had a 9mm baretta pointed at me," they said.Angelico said the teenager demanded they hand over their keys, but they didn't budge."My first response was, 'I'm not giving you my keys. You better get out of here before you get in trouble,'" they said. "I continued (towards) the house and one of them grabbed at the truck keys and it broke the key chain."He said the teenagers made off with their red Ford pickup truck."They looked like they were between 13 to 15 years old. They were kids," they said.Angelico was not harmed during the robbery. They told police that one of the teenagers was wearing a hooded jacket with their face partially covered. They said one of the other teenagers was possibly Hispanic with a light complexion. They said the other two teenagers stood in the street as looksouts.Angelico said they never thought he'd be the victim of a robbery. They said they keep a gun in their truck and keeps alert about their surroundings."This is one of the first times I didn't have a gun in my hand when I came from my car to the house, which was either lucky for them or lucky for me. Who knows?" they said.The New Orleans Police Department is investigating the incident. Anyone with information about the crime is asked to call Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111.
How to interpret the recent unrest on the streets of Istanbul and about 50 other Turkish cities? Specifically, is it comparable to the Arab uprisings over the last 2 1⁄2 years in Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Syria, Yemen and Bahrain?
On one level, they appear unrelated, for Turkey is a far more advanced country, with a democratic culture and a modern economy. But the issue of autocracy ties them together, suggesting that the Turkish demonstrations could have a potentially deep importance.
The rebellion did not come out of nowhere. I was in Istanbul last fall, and it was clear then that Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's dictatorial tendencies worried Turks more than their Islamic aspirations. I heard unceasing criticisms about theirs being “intoxicated with power,” an “informal caliph” and “Turkey's elected chief social engineer.”
Turks enumerated a lengthy list of authoritarian symptoms they suffered from the decade-long rule by Erdoğan's Justice and Development Party, or AKP: suppression of political criticism, crony capitalism, manipulation of the judiciary, unjust imprisonment, show trials and a disregard for the separation of powers. In particular, they evinced annoyance at the way Erdoğan seeks to impose their personal tastes on the country.
The recent demonstrations are protesting these actions and more. What began as a localized dispute over the uprooting of a small park at Taksim Square in the heart of modern Istanbul has rapidly grown into a national statement of defiance.
Erdoğan is no Moammar Gadhafi or Bashar Assad, and they will not massacre peaceful demonstrators, but heavy-handed police operations have reportedly led to 1,000 injured and, according to Amnesty International, four deaths. Further, the prime minister has reacted defiantly, not just insisting on their original plan for the park, but announcing they can do whatever they please.
As paraphrased by Hurriyet Daily News: “A mosque will be built in Taksim, Erdoğan said. They added that they did not have to take permission from the main opposition leader or a ‘few marauders' for the projects, noting that the authority had already been given by people who voted for the AKP.”
Erdoğan is saying, in other words, that having voted the AKP into office, Turks have given them authority to do anything they want.  They are the elected, unaccountable padishah. Well, the demonstrators and those hitherto eager foreign investors will have something to say about that, perhaps putting the country's China-like economic growth at risk.
Significantly, Abdullah Gul, the president of Turkey and increasingly Erdoğan's rival, adopted a very different approach to the protests. “Democracy does not only mean elections,” they said. “The messages delivered with good intentions have been received.” By distancing themselves from the prime minister, Gul exacerbated Erdoğan's isolation.
Turkey has been heading in the wrong direction under the AKP. Although a democracy, the AKP government has jailed more journalists than any other state in the world. Although secular, it has with growing urgency imposed arrays of Islamist regulations, including recent rushed limitations on alcohol as well as warnings against public displays of affection.
Thanks to the demonstrations, we can be newly hopeful that Turkey may avoid the path it had been on, that of despotism, Islamification and increasingly rogue foreign relations. Perhaps its secular, democratic and pro-Western heritage can be revived.
Daniel Pipes is president of the Middle East Forum and a columnist for National Review. This piece originally appeared in the Los Angeles Times.
ISIS-linked militants published an online ‘hit list' targeting State Dept. employees and listing their personal information Monday, as seen by The Foreign Desk.
The group, United Cyber Caliphate, a self-proclaimed “hacking” group linked with the Islamic State, posted on their Telegram account a list of 43 government employees' sensitive information, including home addresses, phone numbers and email addresses.
The list includes individuals from the State Dept. and Homeland Security, as well as the departments of energy, commerce, health and defense.
The document is entitled “wanted to be killed” and reads: “USA You are our primary goal. Your system failed to Tackling [sic] our attacks. Now we will Crush you again.”
Over the last few weeks, three ISIS-linked groups have merged together to compound their cyber and hacking abilities, forming the Caliphate Cyber Army (CCA), which has been taking on hacking groups like Anonymous and specializes in combating online threats to the Islamic State.
The group publicized the merger with an announcement in both English and Arabic:
Sign up for daily Foreign Desk updates By signing up, you agree to receive emails from The Foreign Desk.
"After relying on Almighty Allah and by their grace, incorporation between Islamic State Hackers Teams to expand in our operations, to hit'em deeper. We announce our new team United Cyber Caliphate."
Previously, the CCA put out another "kill list" of 36 police officers in Minnesota.
They also had a miserable fail in attempting to hack Google, but instead went after an Indian business website called Add Google Online, a search engine optimization, (SEO) company for small to medium sized businesses.
University lecturer Doreen Collyer named as victim of second fatal shark attack in Western Australian waters within five days as authorities seek to kill animal
The second shark victim in West Australian waters within five days has been named as university lecturer Doreen Collyer, as authorities try to catch and shoot the animal believed responsible.
Collyer, a lecturer with the school of nursing and midwifery at Perth's Edith Cowan University, was hailed as a much-loved and respected colleague, mentor and teacher.
The 60-year-old was diving about 1km off Mindarie marina in Perth's north when they were fatally mauled on Sunday, less than a week after surfer Ben Gerring, 29, was attacked by a shark at Gearies break at Falcon, south of the city.
Australian surfers stay out of the sea as great whites torment town Read more
Western Australia's fisheries department said if it caught the shark believed to be responsible for Collyer's death, it would be shot.
Fisheries officers have closed beaches and reset baited drum lines 1km off Mindarie marina, where they were fatally mauled on Sunday.
Gerring died on Friday night at Royal Perth hospital with their pregnant fiancee at their side.
It was the first time two fatal shark attacks had occurred in Western Australian waters within such a short period of time, the Fisheries metropolitan regional manager, Tony Cappelluti, said on Monday.
“From my recollection, we've had them maybe months apart but probably never several days apart,” they said.
A large shark was caught by baited drum lines on Wednesday, close to the site where Gerring was attacked, then towed further out to sea where it drowned.
Cappelluti said any shark caught in the wake of Collyer's death that fitted the description of the one that attacked them would be shot.
“If we catch a shark of the description and the type of shark that we believe may have been responsible – and like the Falcon incident, we believe it is a white shark of at least three metres in length ... then it is highly likely we will take the decision to destroy it in the interest of public safety,” they said.
“We have two methods: we can either let it expire on the line or we can use a firearm. In this instance today, we'll be using a firearm.”
Shark attacks hit record high in 2015, global tally shows Read more
Cappelluti said salmon were abundant in Falcon waters when Gerring was surfing, but there were no obvious shark attractants with the latest fatality.
The deaths have reignited debate about WA's policy to catch and kill sharks deemed an imminent threat to public safety.
The state premier, Colin Barnett, defended the decision to do so but ruled out a return to permanent drum lines in the water, which was trialled in 2014 but not extended after the Environmental Protection Authority recommended against it.
Barnett admitted the program – which resulted in the death of 172 sharks but not a single great white – had been a failure and they were concerned the attacks had damaged WA's reputation as a tourism destination.
“The evidence, some of it anecdotal, seems to be that there are significantly more sharks off our coastline,” they said. “There seems to be more large sharks, particularly great whites, and they seem to be closer to the beaches.”
The state government was constantly reviewing shark hazard mitigation strategies, they said, but there was a limit to what it could do to protect the public.
The safest approach was to use patrolled beaches, they said.
“There's no doubt, if you swim on the beaches and you swim in controlled areas through surf life saving clubs, you are safe,” they said.
“Yes, there's probably improvements that we could make to have more information more readily available but people have to take some responsibility if they're going to isolate surfing locations or diving off our coastline.
“The danger is always there.”
One of the most common objections to my position on free will is that accepting it could have terrible consequences, psychologically or socially. This is a strange rejoinder, analogous to what many religious people allege against atheism: Without a belief in God, human beings will cease to be good to one another. Both responses abandon any pretense of caring about what is true and merely change the subject. But that does not mean we should never worry about the practical effects of holding specific beliefs.
I can well imagine that some people might use the nonexistence of free will as a pretext for doing whatever they want, assuming that it's pointless to resist temptation or that there's no difference between good and evil. This is a misunderstanding of the situation, but, I admit, a possible one. There is also the question of how we should raise children in light of what science tells us about the nature of the human mind. It seems doubtful that a lecture on the illusoriness of free will should be part of an elementary school curriculum.
In my view, the reality of good and evil does not depend upon the existence of free will, because with or without free will, we can distinguish between suffering and happiness. With or without free will, a psychopath who enjoys killing children is different from a pediatric surgeon who enjoys saving them. Whatever the truth about free will, these distinctions are unmistakable and well worth caring about.
Might free will somehow be required for goodness to be manifest? How, for instance, does one become a pediatric surgeon? Well, you must first be born, with an intact nervous system, and then provided with a proper education. No freedom there, I'm afraid. You must also have the physical talent for the job and avoid smashing your hands at rugby. Needless to say, it won't do to be someone who faints at the sight of blood. Chalk these achievements up to good luck as well. At some point you must decide to become a surgeon—a result, presumably, of first wanting to become one. Will you be the conscious source of this wanting? Will you be responsible for its prevailing over all the other things you want but that are incompatible with a career in medicine? No. If you succeed at becoming a surgeon, you will simply find yourself standing one day, scalpel in hand, at the confluence of all the genetic and environmental causes that led you to develop along this line. None of these events requires that you, the conscious subject, be the ultimate cause of your aspirations, abilities, and resulting behavior. And, needless to say, you can take no credit for the fact that you weren't born a psychopath.
Of course, I'm not saying that you can become a surgeon by accident—you must do many things, deliberately and well, and in the appropriate sequence, year after year. Becoming a surgeon requires effort. But can you take credit for your disposition to make that effort? To turn the matter around, am I responsible for the fact that it has never once occurred to me that I might like to be a surgeon? Who gets the blame for my lack of inspiration? And what if the desire to become a surgeon suddenly arises tomorrow and becomes so intense that I jettison my other professional goals and enroll in medical school? Would I—that is, the part of me that is actually experiencing my life—be the true cause of these developments? Every moment of conscious effort—every thought, intention, and decision—will have been caused by events of which I am not conscious. Where is the freedom in this?
If we cannot assign blame to the workings of the universe, how can evil people be held responsible for their actions? In the deepest sense, it seems, they can't be. But in a practical sense, they must be. I see no contradiction in this. In fact, I think that keeping the deep causes of human behavior in view would only improve our practical response to evil. The feeling that people are deeply responsible for who they are does nothing but produce moral illusions and psychological suffering.
Imagine that you are enjoying your last nap of the summer, perhaps outside in a hammock somewhere, and are awakened by an unfamiliar sound. You open your eyes to the sight of a large bear charging at you across the lawn. It should be easy enough to understand that you have a problem. If we swap this bear for a large man holding a butcher knife, the problem changes in a few interesting ways, but the sudden appearance of free will in the brain of your attacker is not among them.
Should you survive this ordeal, your subsequent experience is liable to depend on—far too much, in my view—on the species of your attacker. Imagine the difference between seeing the man who almost killed you on the witness stand and seeing the bear romping at the zoo. If you are like many victims, you might be overcome in the first instance by feelings of rage and hatred so intense as to constitute a further trauma. You might spend years fantasizing about the man's death. But it seems certain that your experience at the zoo would be altogether different. You might even bring friends and family just for the fun of it: “That's the beast that almost killed me!” Which state of mind would you prefer—seething hatred or triumphant feelings of good luck and amazement? The conviction that a human assailant could have done otherwise, while a bear could not, would seem to account for much of the difference.
A person's conscious thoughts, intentions, and efforts at every moment are preceded by causes of which they are unaware. What is more, they are preceded by deep causes—genes, childhood experience, etc.—for which no one, however evil, can be held responsible. Our ignorance of both sets of facts gives rise to moral illusions. And yet many people worry that it is necessary to believe in free will, especially in the process of raising children.
This strikes me as a legitimate concern, though I would point out that the question of which truths to tell children (or childlike adults) haunts every room in the mansion of our understanding. For instance, my wife and I recently took our three-year-old daughter on an airplane for the first time. They love to fly! As it happens, their joy was made possible in part because we neglected to tell them that airplanes occasionally malfunction and fall out of the sky, killing everyone on board. I don't believe I'm the first person to observe that certain truths are best left unspoken, especially in the presence of young children. And I would no more think of telling my daughter at this age that free will is an illusion than I would teach them to drive a car or load a pistol.
Which is to say that there is a time and a place for everything—unless, of course, there isn't. We all find ourselves in the position of a child from time to time, when specific information, however valid or necessary it may be in other contexts, will only produce confusion, despondency, or terror in the context of our life. It can be perfectly rational to avoid certain facts. For instance, if you must undergo a medical procedure for which there is no reasonable alternative, I recommend that you not conduct an Internet search designed to uncover all its possible complications. Similarly, if you are prone to nightmares or otherwise destabilized by contemplating human evil, I recommend that you not read Machete Season. Some forms of knowledge are not for everyone.
Generally speaking, however, I don't think that the illusoriness of free will is an ugly truth. Nor is it one that must remain a philosophical abstraction. In fact, as I write this, it is absolutely clear to me that I do not have free will. This knowledge doesn't seem to prevent me from getting things done. Recognizing that my conscious mind is always downstream from the underlying causes of my thoughts, intentions, and actions does not change the fact that thoughts, intentions, and actions of all kinds are necessary for living a happy life—or an unhappy one, for that matter.
I haven't been noticeably harmed, and I believe I have benefited, from knowing that the next thought that unfurls in my mind will arise and become effective (or not) due to conditions that I cannot know and did not bring into being. The negative effects that people worry about—a lack of motivation, a plunge into nihilism—are simply not evident in my life. And the positive effects have been obvious. Seeing through the illusion of free will has lessened my feelings of hatred for bad people. I'm still capable of feeling hatred, of course, but when I think about the actual causes of a person's behavior, the feeling falls away. It is a relief to put down this burden, and I think nothing would be lost if we all put it down together. On the contrary, much would be gained. We could forget about retribution and concentrate entirely on mitigating harm. (And if punishing people proved important for either deterrence or rehabilitation, we could make prison as unpleasant as required.)
Understanding the true causes of human behavior does not leave any room for the traditional notion of free will. But this shouldn't depress us, or tempt us to go off our diets. Diligence and wisdom still yield better results than sloth and stupidity. And, in psychologically healthy adults, understanding the illusoriness of free will should make divisive feelings such as pride and hatred a little less compelling. While it's conceivable that someone, somewhere, might be made worse off by dispensing with the illusion of free will, I think that on balance, it could only produce a more compassionate, equitable, and sane society.
The Big 12 has been hoping to get championship game rules deregulated, allowing it to add a championship game even with only 10 members and no divisions. However, thanks to a last-minute amendment filed by the Big Ten, the deregulation effort could fail, as commissioner Bob Bowlsby told ESPN:
"We're trying to work our way through it, but I'm less certain of the outcome than I was before," Big 12 commissioner Bob Bowlsby told ESPN.com on Sunday, just hours after Oklahoma slid into the College Football Playoff at No. 4. "We don't think we ought to be forced into adding schools in order to have a championship game, but it could end up that way."
This is an unexpected development after the deregulation effort looked like a sure thing. If the Big Ten succeeds in blocking the Big 12's efforts, then conferences will need to have two divisions to have a conference championship game. Bowlsby said the Big 12 doesn't want to have two five-team divisions.
"We don't want to play two five-team divisions then have the potential of everyone else has the two best teams in one division," Bowlsby said. "We don't think we ought to be forced into that sort of thing."
Since the Big 12 does want a conference championship game, this could spark a new round of conference realignment. The Big 12 will need to add two members if it wants to have a championship game without deregulation, meaning some Group of Five teams have renewed hope for a power conference invite. However, any talk of conference realignment at this point is preliminary.
SIGN UP FOR OUR COLLEGE FOOTBALL NEWSLETTER Get all kinds of NCAA Football stories, rumors, game coverage, and pictures of Puddles in your inbox every day. Email:
* * *
SB Nation presents: Breaking down the College Football Playoff field
• Terry has offer from Villa which could be worth more than £4m a year • West Brom may win race if they follow-up interest with a proposal
John Terry is weighing up an offer to extend their career with Aston Villa in the Championship, but anticipates top-flight clubs proposing terms over the next few weeks as they prepare for life away from Chelsea.
The former England captain returned to the Premier League champions' training base at Cobham this week to maintain their fitness before the expiry of their last contract at the club on 30 June. The 36-year-old, who ultimately wants to move into management, is determined to play on and has received a lucrative offer from Villa which, after bonuses and incentives, could be worth more than £4m a year.
John Terry gets ‘good offer' from Harry Redknapp to join Birmingham City Read more
That is the most tempting contract on the table, though Terry's representatives have also fielded interest from more than 10 clubs from England, China and Major League Soccer. Bournemouth, who had attempted to secure the veteran's services in January, and Paul Clement's Swansea City are among those alerted to their availability, though West Bromwich Albion, should they follow up an initial inquiry with a concrete bid, may prove the most attractive option.
Villa's city rivals, Birmingham, have also made clear their intention to make them a marquee arrival this summer, with the manager, Harry Redknapp, pushing their credentials to the Championship club's board. The Villa owner, Dr Tony Xia, was asked about Terry's potential signing by a supporter on social media on Wednesday and responded: “Quoted Jose M. ‘I am not going to talk about a player who still belongs to another club' as JT's contract with CFC expires until 1/7.”
Terry has spent the summer on holiday with their family in Portugal, where they were pictured playing golf with the Villa manager, Steve Bruce, and expects to make a decision over the next fortnight. Chelsea have sold Asmir Begovic to Bournemouth, and are negotiating the England Under-21 striker Tammy Abraham's year-long loan move to Swansea. A number of youngsters are expected to join Hull City, now under the management of the former Russia coach Leonid Slutsky, on loan or permanent deals.
Update: January 28, 2015 | This week, the Koch Brothers announced that they will inject nearly $900 million into the 2016 elections. In this interactive graphic, originally published in February 2014, we explored how money flows through the Koch's tangled web.
Fundraising by the libertarian billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch supports a tangle of nonprofits, sometimes referred to as the Kochtopus, all aimed at advancing conservative causes. Two groups, the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce and TC4 Trust, handed out almost $264 million from mid-2011 to October 2012 to 30 other nonprofits. Almost half of that went to the Center to Protect Patient Rights, which then funneled millions to a constellation of dark money groups, some of which also received money from Freedom Partners and TC4 Trust. Groups that got significant amounts of money from the Center, Freedom Partners and TC4 Trust reported political spending of more than $75 million in 2012. Much of the money flowed through what are known as “disregarded entities” — limited liability companies, or LLCs, that some of the groups have set up. TC4 Trust has folded and the Center to Protect Patient Rights no longer plays a central role in the Koch network, but many of these groups will be active in the 2014 election. | Related story »
MINNEAPOLIS — Minneapolis police Chief Janee Harteau resigned Friday amid calls for new leadership in the department following last week's shooting death of an unarmed Australian woman by a police officer.
In a statement released Friday, Harteau said: ‘‘I've decided I am willing to step aside to let a fresh set of leadership eyes see what more can be done for the MPD to be the very best it can be.''
Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges said they asked for the chief's resignation.
Advertisement
‘‘I've lost confidence in the Chief's ability to lead us further ... it is clear that they have lost the confidence of the people of Minneapolis as well,'' Hodges said. ‘‘For us to continue to transform policing — and community trust in policing — we need new leadership at MPD.''
Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Harteau said they were proud of the work they accomplished, but the shooting of 40-year-old Justine Damond by one of their officers, and other incidents, ‘‘have caused me to engage in deep reflection.''
They added, ‘‘Despite the MPD's many accomplishments under my leadership over these years and my love for the City, I have to put the communities we serve first.''
Harteau was out of the city on personal time for nearly a week following Saturday's shooting of Damond, a 40-year-old life coach and bride-to-be who was killed by an officer responding to their 911 call of a possible rape.
The state is investigating the shooting. In Harteau's first remarks on the case on Thursday — when they returned to work — they were sharply critical of Officer Mohamed Noor while defending their training.
Advertisement
‘‘The actions in question go against who we are in the department, how we train and the expectations we have for our officers,'' Harteau said Thursday. ‘‘These were the actions and judgment of one individual.''
That wasn't enough for some City Council members. Linea Palmisano, who represents the ward where Damond died, told their fellow council members Friday that they were ‘‘done with image control and crisis management.'' They said the department has systemic problems and it was time to consider a change in leadership.
At times it can be difficult to schedule a service call with a cable/phone/internet provider when you notice an issue. So, it's no wonder Consumerist reader Jack was suspicious of a voicemail they received last week from a claiming to be a Comcast employee notifying them that the company had detected poor signals reaching their equipment and offering to send a tech to investigate the issue.
The message struck Jack as odd, because, for one thing, Comcast isn't exactly known for its stellar customer service rapport, and they hadn't actually noticed anything amiss with their current service.
“Hi, this is Jeremy. I'm part of a routine monitoring team for Comcast. Our system has detected poor signals getting to your equipment. We'd like to make an appointment to have a tech come out and get it fixed.”
“The wording is strange and you rarely hear their employees say ‘Comcast' anymore. They use ‘Xfinity.' On the bill I receive every month the name ‘Comcast' is nowhere to be found,” Jack tells Consumerist. “If there were ‘poor signals' don't you think I'd notice it in either my TV reception, my internet connection, or both?”
So, was the call from a fraudster trying to finagle their way into Jack's home, or was the service provider, known for ranking among the worst when it comes to customer service, turning over a new leaf?
Let's not credit Comcast with changing its ways just yet, but the call in this case was legitimate, and is part of the company's revamped customer service experience in the Northwest.
Comcast spokesperson Jenni Moyer says the Routine Monitoring Team is a proactive service program Comcast is testing only in Portland, OR, to better ensure customers are getting the service they pay for.
In recent weeks, the dedicated team has been working to contact customers when internal monitoring systems find potential connectivity problems, they say.
The program uses “new smart network tools developed to diagnose issues based on information about the performance of different devices customers have on their accounts.”
If the tools detect a device that's not scoring well – according to Comcast's internal metrics – the company will contact the customer to troubleshoot and schedule a service call if needed.
Still, Moyer suggests anyone who receives an unsolicited call from the company confirm its legitimacy with Comcast.
As for Jack, they eventually verified that the call was from a member of the Routine Monitoring Team who had noticed a problem with their internet connectivity.
“Doesn't sound like the Comcast we've come to know, does it?” Jack tells Consumerist. “Anyway, they sent a tech out and they did quite a few things. The main one was to install a new drop. That's the line that comes from the pole outside to my house. It had been replaced by either Comcast or a Comcast contractor a couple of years ago and apparently wasn't done correctly. The tech also changed some wire and connectors and gave me a new splitter to use. All the parameters are better now.”
More than a year ago, Comcast vowed to win back customers with superb service – or something like that – by Comcast promoted Charlie Herrin to be Senior VP of Customer Experience, who just months later declared that customer service “will be our best product.”
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - SEPTEMBER 10: Eddie Betts of the Crows celebrates a goal with Josh Jenkins of the Crows during the 2016 AFL First Elimination Final match between the Adelaide Crows and the North Melbourne Kangaroos at the Adelaide Oval on September 10, 2016 in Adelaide, Australia. (Photo by Adam Trafford/AFL Media)
Forwards Eddie Betts, Josh Jenkins and Mitch McGovern have been recalled for Adelaide's final JLT Community Series game against the Brisbane Lions at Noarlunga on Saturday.
Betts and Jenkins were both rested for the Club's win over Geelong last weekend. McGovern, who suffered a minor knee injury in Adelaide's pre-season opener against Richmond, also watched from the stands on Sunday.
The goalkicking trio has been included in a squad of 27, which will be reduced to 24 on game day.
Midfielder Dean Gore, who was concussed in the last quarter against the Cats, and young forward Harry Dear are the only confirmed omissions from last week's team at this stage.
Defenders Kyle Cheney and Alex Keath, who have overcome groin injuries, and draftee Matt Signorello (shoulder) will play their first games of the year in the Club's SANFL trial on Saturday.
The SANFL trial at Football Park, which starts at 10am, is the first of three Crows games on Saturday.
Adelaide's JLT Community Series clash with the Lions is next up at 3:40pm (local), while the Crows women's team will round out a big day of footy in an AFLW game against Melbourne in Darwin at 6:40pm (SA time). Entry to the SANFL trial and AFLW game is free.
Club members with match entitlements receive free entry to JLT Community Series matches in which their club is competing. Members can scan their membership card at the gate (subject to capacity) or upgrade their membership to a reserved seat or register for a ticket in order to guarantee their entry (subject to availability, upgrade fees may be applicable).
Tickets are available through Ticketmaster.
The squad of 27 is:
3. Riley Knight
4. Josh Jenkins
7. Jordan Gallucci
8. Jake Kelly
10. Harrison Wigg
12. Daniel Talia
13. Taylor Walker
14. David Mackay
15. Kyle Hartigan
16. Luke Brown
17. Curtly Hampton
18. Eddie Betts
20. Hugh Greenwood
21. Rory Atkins
22. Andy Otten
23. Charlie Cameron
24. Sam Jacobs
26. Richard Douglas
27. Tom Lynch
29. Rory Laird
30. Wayne Milera Junior
31. Myles Poholke
32. Troy Menzel
33. Brodie Smith
41. Mitch McGovern
43. Reilly O'Brien
44. Matt Crouch
IN: Eddie Betts, Josh Jenkins, Mitch McGovern
OUT: Dean Gore (concussion), Harry Dear (omitted)
An ad agency in a former Soviet Republic of Kazakhstan has been fined $186,000 by a court for producing a poster that shows two men kissing.
Havas Worldwide Kazakhstan created the poster for an advertising competition, which it won, but the image was used in public by a local gay club, Studio 69. The controversial poster features images of 19th century Russian poet Alexander Pushkin and Kazakh composer Kurmangazy Sagyrbayuly.
The BBC reports that 34 music school students and staff filed the lawsuit, "demanding a million tenge each in moral damages." They won that amount, which is US dollars is about $186,000.
Havas Worldwide Kazakhstan says it can't pay the 34 million tenges ($186,000; £115,000) fine, and plans to appeal. The agency's general director says the ruling is "nonsense". "Not one of the 34 plaintiffs appeared in court. The whole hearing was marred by procedural violations," Dariya Khamitzhanova tells the Kapital.kz news portal. Havas has also been ordered to issue an apology in the national media, Tengrinews agency reports. Homosexual acts between consenting adults are legal in Kazakhstan, and Almaty is unusually liberal by Central Asian standards, but the country has seen a hardening of attitudes of late. Some government MPs have called for a ban on the "promotion of homosexuality", along the lines of a recent Russian law, or even the outlawing of homosexual acts altogether.
This summer, the ad agency was forced to issue an apology, promising to not display the work in public. In September, Havas Worldwide Kazakhstan decided to have some fun with the poster, and on Facebook (image above) issued this taunt (translated):
I want to finish with the words of Martin NimÃ«llera, a prominent fighter against Nazism in its native Germany when the Nazis came for the Communists, I remained silent, I am not a Communist. Then they came for the Social Democrats, I'm speechless, I'm not a Social Democrat. Then they came for the trade unionists, I was speechless, I am not a member of a Trade Union. Then they came for the Jews, I'm speechless, I'm not a Jew. And then they came for me, and there was no one who could protest. As they say, see you in court!
Image via Facebook
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Early Tuesday, the authorities arrested Mr. Korchevsky, 50, at their home in Glen Mills, Pa., and four other men, in Georgia and in Brooklyn. Arrest warrants were issued for four other men. Three of them were related and had ties to Ukraine.
"This is the intersection of hacking and securities fraud," Paul J. Fishman, the United States attorney for the district of New Jersey, said at a news conference in Newark. "The hackers were relentless and patient."
In one indictment, federal prosecutors in New Jersey said five of the men broke into companies like Business Wire and PR Newswire over five years to steal more than 150,000 news releases being prepared by publicly traded corporations before the information was released to the public. Another company whose releases were stolen before they were made public was Marketwired.
Mr. Fishman did not fault the wire services and said they had cooperated with the investigation.
The stolen news releases gave the rogue traders — four of whom were charged in a separate indictment unsealed on Tuesday by prosecutors in Brooklyn — a big advantage over others in the stock market by allowing them to trade on news before it hit the wires, the authorities said. The men who used the stolen information to trade the stocks paid the hackers a flat fee or a percentage of the profits gained from the illegal trading, the S.E.C. said in a separate complaint.
Read MoreThe $400 billion threat to global business
The authorities said the traders seeking an illegal edge provided "shopping lists" to hackers for the kinds of news releases they wanted and the companies they wanted to trade on. The men obtained information from more than 30 companies, including Bank of America, Clorox, Caterpillar and Honeywell, the authorities said.
But the traders were also deliberate. The authorities said they traded ahead of the information contained in only about 800 of the hundreds of thousands of releases they got a sneak peek at — indicating a methodical and well-timed approach to concealing their activities.
In multiple instances, the men communicated via email and online chat messages, boldly stating what they were doing, the authorities said. At one point in 2012, for example, one of the defendants wrote in Russian in an online chat message, "I'm hacking prnewswire.com." In another instance, a defendant sent 96 stolen news releases to someone with a subject, in Russian, that read "fresh stuff." The email said, "If they say they do not know what this is about, tell them 'quarterly report,' " according to the indictment.
The authorities monitored some of the defendants for years, the indictment said. In November 2012, it said, they seized the laptop of one of the hackers and found about 200 nonpublic news releases from PR Newswire.
The people charged in the New Jersey indictment with breaking into the newswire networks were Ivan Turchynov, 27; Oleksandr Ieremenko, 24; Arkadiy Dubovoy, 51; Igor Dubovoy, 28; and Pavel Dubovoy, 28.
Rep. Peter King (R-NY recently announced the third in their series of hearings on the “radicalization of the Muslim-American community”—the GOP's premier venue for demonstrating the kinds of attacks highlighted in PFAW's latest Right Wing Watch: In Focus report “The Right Wing Playbook on Anti-Muslim Extremism.” As part of their hearings, King plans to call Thomas Joscelyn of the staunchly neoconservative Foundation for Defense of Democracies as a witness. Joscelyn, from their platform as a writer for the neoconservative Weekly Standard, has questioned the patriotism of organizations and individuals who spoke out against the treatment of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay, calling the ACLU “Al Qaeda's useful idiots” and claiming that lawyers who represented accused terrorists “openly opposed the American government.”
In a 2009 column, Joscelyn called the American Civil Liberties Union “Al Qaeda's Civil Liberties Union” and “al Qaeda's useful idiots” because the group produced the video “Justice Denied: Voices From Guantanamo,” which featured five Muslims who were imprisoned and abused in Guantanamo Bay and never faced charges. “The ACLU has worked diligently to undermine America's stance in what was formerly known as the ‘war on terror,'” they wrote, “and has even been willing to disseminate propaganda on behalf of our jihadist enemies.” They went on to criticize the ACLU and the Obama administration for opposing the use of military commissions and supporting the right of due process under the law for accused terrorists: “The ACLU cannot tell the difference between us and our enemies–as its own propaganda shows. Therefore, it does not bode well for America's counterterrorism efforts that the Obama administration is in agreement with al Qaeda's useful idiots.”
Joscelyn also jumped on the right-wing smear campaign against Justice Department lawyers who once represented accused terrorists, writing: “Now, we don't know what assignments these lawyers have taken on inside government. But we do know that they openly opposed the American government for years, on behalf of al Qaeda terrorists, and their objections frequently went beyond rational, principled criticisms of detainee policy.”
Joscelyn also charged the Center for Constitutional Rights with “crude anti-Americanism” because the group condemned bias against Muslim Americans. They also questioned whether accused terrorists should receive any legal representation at all:
The debate over what to do to reduce gun violence in America hit an absurd low point on Wednesday when a Senate witness tried to portray a proposed new ban on assault rifles and high-capacity magazines as some sort of sexist plot that would disproportionately hurt vulnerable women and their children.
The witness was Gayle Trotter, a fellow at the Independent Women's Forum, a right-wing public policy group that provides pseudofeminist support for extreme positions that are in fact dangerous to women. They told the Senate Judiciary Committee that the limits on firepower proposed by Dianne Feinstein, a California Democrat, would harm women because an assault weapon “in the hands of a young woman defending their babies in their home becomes a defense weapon.” They spoke of the “peace of mind” and “courage” a woman derives from “knowing they have a scary-looking gun” when she's fighting violent criminals.
It is not at all clear where Ms. Trotter gained their insight into confrontations between women and heavily armed intruders, since it is not at all clear that sort of thing happens often. It is tempting to dismiss their notion that an AR-15 is a woman's best friend as the kooky reflex response of someone ideologically opposed to gun control laws and who, in their case, has also been a vociferous opponent of the Violence Against Women Act, the 1994 law that assists women facing domestic violence.
But it is important to note that Ms. Trotter was chosen to testify by the committee's Republican members, who will have a big say on what, if anything, Congress does on guns; and that their appearance before the committee was to give voice to the premise, however insupportable and dangerous it may be, that guns make women and children safer — and the more powerful the guns the better.
All eyes turned to London this week, as Google announced its latest acquisition in the form of DeepMind, a company that specialises in artificial intelligence technologies. The £400m pricetag paid by Google and the reported battle with Facebook to win the company over indicate that this is a firm well worth backing.
Although solid information is thin on the ground, you can get an idea of what the purchase might be leading to, if you know where to look.
Clue 1: what does Google already know?
Google has always been active in artificial intelligence and relies on the process for many of its projects. Just consider the “driver” behind its driverless cars, the speech recognition system in Google Glass, or the way its search engine predicts what we might search for after just a couple of keystrokes. Even the page-rank algorithm that started it all falls under the banner of AI.
Acquiring a company such as DeepMind therefore seems like a natural step. The big question is whether Google is motivated by a desire to help develop technologies we already know about or whether it is moving into the development of new technologies.
Given its track record, I'm betting on the latter. Google has the money and the drive to tackle the biggest questions in science, and developing computers that think like humans has, for a long time, been one of the biggest of them all.
Clue 2: what's in the research?
The headlines this week have described DeepMind as a “secretive start-up”, but clues about what it gets up to at its London base can be gleaned from some of the research publications produced by the company's co-founder, Demis Hassabis.
Hassabis' three most recent publications all focus on the brain activity of human participants as they undergo particular tasks. They have looked into how we take advantage of our habitat, how we identify and predict the behaviour of other people and how we remember the past and imagine the future.
As humans, we collect information through sensory input and process it many times over using abstraction. We extract features and categorise objects to focus our attention on the information that is relevant to us. When we enter a room we quickly build up a mental image of the room, interpret the objects in the room, and use this information to assess the situation in front of us.
The people at Google have, until now, generally focused on the lower-level stages of this information processing. They have developed systems to look for features and concepts in online photos and street scenes to provide users with relevant content, systems to translate one language to another to enable us to communicate, and speech recognition systems, making voice control on your phone or device a reality.
The processes Hassabis investigates require these types of information processing as prerequisites. Only once you have identified the relevant features in a scene and categorised objects in your habitat can you begin to take advantage of your habitat. Only once you have identified the features of someone's face and recognised them as a you know can you start to predict their behaviour. And only once you have built up vivid images of the past can you extrapolate a future.
Clue 3: what else is on the shopping list?
Other recent acquisitions by Google provide further pieces to the puzzle. It has recently appointed futurist Ray Kurzweil, who believes in search engines with human intelligence and being able to upload our minds onto computers, as its director of engineering. And the purchase of Boston Dynamics, a company developing groundbreaking robotics technology, gives a hint of its ambition.
Google is also getting into smart homes in the hope of more deeply interweaving its technologies into our everyday lives. DeepMind could provide the know-how to enable such systems to exhibit a level of intelligence never seen before in computers.
Combining the machinery Google already uses for processing sensory input with the ideas under investigation at DeepMind about how the brain uses this sensory input to complete high-level tasks is an exciting prospect. It has the potential to produce the closest thing yet to a computer with human qualities.
Building computers that think like humans has been the goal of AI ever since the time of Alan Turing. Progress has been slow, with science fiction often creating false hope in people's minds. But these past two decades have seen unimaginable leaps in information processing and our understanding of the brain. Now that one of the most powerful companies in the world has identified where it wants to go next, we can expect big things. Just as physics had its heyday in the 20th century, this century is truly the golden age of AI.
Please scroll down to the second half of this article to read the English version.
En hel verden av cineaster venter i åndeløs spenning på Lars von Triers ambisiøse og garantert kontroversielle Nymphomaniac. Montages har nå fra sikre kilder fått tilgang på ny, eksklusiv informasjon om hittil ukjente detaljer ved filmen.
Som kjent ble ikke Nymphomaniac ferdig i tide til Cannes-festivalen i våres (hvor von Trier for lengst er ønsket velkommen tilbake etter skandalen i 2011), og det har siden da oppstått mange spekulasjoner rundt når og hvordan filmen skal lanseres. Det er fastsatt at den regulære kinopremieren i von Triers hjemland Danmark vil finne sted første juledag 2013 (og en gallapremiere i København arrangeres tidlig i desember). Nymphomaniac blir å se på norske kinoer tidlig i 2014, ifølge distributøren Nordisk film.
Nymphomaniac handler om en kvinnes erotiske reise gjennom livet, helt fra fødselen til hun nærmer seg femti. Historien fortelles av nymfomanen Joe (spilt av Stacy Martin og Charlotte Gainsbourg) via åtte tilbakeblikk. Når en sjarmerende ungkar ved navn Seligman (Stellan Skarsgård) finner Joe liggende ute på gaten, fullstendig mørbanket, tar han med seg kvinnen hjem for å gi henne pleie, hvorpå hun begynner å snakke åpent om det mildt sagt innholdsrike livet sitt.
De ti punktene nedenfor avslører nye detaljer om filmen og dens presentasjon, men ingen av disse handler om selve fortellingen – artikkelen må altså regnes som spoiler-fri.
*
1. For øyeblikket er Nymphomaniac 5 timer lang, og etter planen skal den bestå av to volum, på 2,5 timer hver. Det er meningen at disse skal lanseres simultant – dette skal ikke oppleves som to filmer. Materialet er imidlertid massivt, og det er stadig aktuelt å supplere kinofilmene med en fjernsynsserie.
2. Nymphomaniac består som kjent av 8 kapitler. Hver av disse delene vil ha sitt eget stilistiske uttrykk, diktert av innholdet og tonen. Noen delene får et relativt ordinært formspråk, mens andre vil være mer eksperimentelle. Filmen presenteres i Cinemascope, bortsett fra ett kapittel, som er skutt i 1,85:1. En av delene vil også være i sort-hvitt.
3. Det siste kapittelet i filmen skal være tydelig inspirert av Andrej Tarkovskij (som Antichrist var dedikert til). I motsetning til Antichrist og Melancholia kommer ikke Nymphomaniac til å ha noen innslag av slow motion. «Hvad er det for noe? Det er da bøsse-aktig!», skal von Trier ha sagt spøkefullt til sine medarbeidere.
4. Et av kapitlene er utelukkende skutt med statisk kamera. Det er derimot ikke snakk om en tablåaktig-estetikk, av typen man eksempelvis finner i Roy Anderssons filmer, men et nesten dokumentarisk uttrykk, der kameraet hviler på ansikter og kropper; like rigid som et overvåkningskamera, bare mye nærmere objektene.
5. Filmens title card er ikke skrevet på en tavle med kritt, slik som i de to foregående filmene (Antichrist og Melancholia). Grunnet den (tilsynelatende) tematiske likheten mellom disse tre filmene, har det vært spekulert i at Nymphomaniac nå skulle bli den siste delen i en trilogi. Dette kunne eventuelt blitt markert ved å presentere tittelen på samme måte som i de to foregående filmene, men dette er altså ikke tilfellet. Fortekstene beskrives som Woody Allen-aktige.
6. Von Triers tilnærming i arbeidet med Nymphomaniac har vært innfallsbasert og resultatet er visstnok nesten «studentfilm-aktig». I motsetning til hva produsent Peter Aalbæk Jensen har antydet, skal filmen være langt mindre virtuos enn von Triers to siste filmer. Filmen kan sies å være stor og visjonær i kraft av å være en episk fortelling som rommer mange temaer, steder og rollefigurer, men det visuelle uttrykket er hovedsakelig dempet. Nymphomaniac beskrives som en slags oppsummering av Lars von Triers karriere – og ikke minst hans interesse for og identifikasjon med kvinner.
7. Filmen inneholder en rekke arkivopptak, som bidrar til å løsne opp filmen og trekke den ut i overraskende retninger. Disse innslagene er hovedsakelig videoer von Trier har funnet på YouTube. Som et ledd i promoteringen av Nymphomaniac har von Trier snakket om at han lanserer en ny sjanger, kalt ‘digressionism', og vi er herved et skritt nærmere en forståelse av hva dette innebærer.
8. Som kjent har filmen en rammefortelling, der Charlotte Gainsbourgs rollefigur Joe forteller sin erotiske livshistorie til Stellan Skarsgård. Alle de åtte kapitlene er flashbacks fra Joes liv, og historien begynner på slutten av 60-tallet og strekker seg helt frem til i dag.
9. Ettersom handlingen i Nymphomaniac utspiller seg over seks tiår, må den nødvendigvis ta hensyn til de ulike periodene. Denne dimensjonen skal imidlertid være nedtonet og hovedsakelig prege kostymene (det første kapittelet skal være mindre tidløst enn de andre, som teaseren også antyder).
10. Filmen skal visstnok være svært morsom – tidvis nærmere ren komedie enn noe von Trier har laget siden Idiotene og Direktøren for det hele. Den svarte humoren er dog mest tilstedeværende i filmens første halvpart, ettersom historien blir mørkere og mer tragisk etterhvert.
*
English version
Exclusive: 10 revelations about Lars von Trier's erotic drama Nymphomaniac
A whole world of cinephiles are waiting with bated breath for Lars von Trier‘s ambitious and sure-to-be-controversial Nymphomaniac. From reliable sources, Montages has gained access to exclusive information containing new details previously not known about the film.
Nymphomaniac was not finalised in time for this spring's Cannes festival (where von Trier has long ago been welcome again after the 2011 scandal). There has since been much speculation about when and how the film will be released. In von Trier's home country of Denmark, the premiere will take place on Christmas Day 2013 (a gala premiere in Copenhagen will be organised earlier in December), and the film will be theatrically released in Norway in early 2014.
Nymphomaniac is about one woman's erotic journey through life, from birth until almost the age of 50. The story is told by the nymphomaniac Joe (Stacy Martin, Charlotte Gainsbourg) through eight flashbacks. When a charming bachelor named Seligman (Stellan Skarsgård) finds Joe laying in the street, beaten black and blue, they take their home to care for them Soon they start to talk openly about a life that has been eventful, to put it mildly.
The ten items below reveal details of the film, but not the story itself – thus this article must be said to be spoiler-free.
*
1. At present Nymphomaniac is five hours long, and according to plan it will consist of two volumes, each two and a half hours long. The intention is to release them simultaneously – they are not meant to be experienced as two films. The material is massive, however, and it is still in the cards to add a TV series to the theatrically released films.
2. As already announced, Nymphomaniac consists of eight chapters. Each part has its own stylistic approach, dictated by content and tone. Some parts have a relatively ordinary formal language, but others are more experimental. One of the chapters is shot in black-and-white. The film is shot in Cinemascope, except for one chapter in 1.85:1.
3. The last chapter is clearly inspired by Andrei Tarkovsky (to whom Antichrist was dedicated). In contrast to Antichrist and Melancholia, Nymphomaniac does not have any slow motion. «What is that about? It is so gay!», von Trier is said to have joked to their crew.
4. One chapter is exclusively shot with a static camera. This is not done in a tableau-like aesthetic approach, of the type one can find in Roy Andersson‘s films, but in an almost documentary approach, with the camera resting on faces and bodies, as rigid as a surveillance camera, but much closer to the objects.
5. The film's title card is not written with chalk on a board, like in the two previous films. Due to the (seemingly) thematic similarity between Antichrist, Melancholia and Nymphomaniac, one might have thought that Nymphomaniac would be the last part of a trilogy. This could have been achieved by presenting the title in the same way as the two previous films, but this is not the case. The opening credits are described as being in the style of Woody Allen.
6. Von Trier's approach has been improvisational and the result is almost «like a student film». Contrary to the proclamations of producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen, the film is said to be much less marked by virtuosity than von Trier's two previous films. It can be described as big and visionary in the sense of being an epic story containing many themes, places and characters, but its visual expression is mainly muted. Nymphomaniac is described as some sort of summation of Lars von Trier's career – and not least their interest in and identification with women.
7. The film contains extensive archive footage, which helps loosen up the film and drag it into unexpected directions. These elements are mainly videos that von Trier has found on YouTube. As part of the promotion of Nymphomaniac, von Trier has said that they are launching a new genre called “digressionism”, and consequently we are now one step closer to understanding what this means.
8. As announced, the film has a framing story, where Charlotte Gainsbourg‘s character Joe tells their erotic life story to Stellan Skarsgård. All eight chapters are flashbacks from Joe's life, and the story starts in the late 1960s until today.
9. Since the story of Nymphomaniac is unfolding over six decades, the film must necessarily be marked by the various periods. This dimension is said to be toned down, however, and is mainly expressed through the costumes (the first chapter is supposed to be less timeless than the others, as also indicated by the teaser).
10. The film is said to be very funny – at times closer to pure comedy than anything von Trier has made since The Idiots and The Boss of It All. Its black humour is mostly present in the film's first half, however, since the story gradually grows darker and more tragic.
*
Q: Hard to believe Dion Waiters would be that important to an NBA team. There are only a few players in the NBA that can create their own shot. Dion Waiters is one of them. But what they really does is create space for Hassan Whiteside and Goran Dragic. -- Stuart.
A: Spot on. And while Goran might downplay Dion's absence in regard to their recent shooting struggles, Dragic's plummeting numbers are undeniable, including their 5 of 18 in Thursday's loss to the Raptors. And when Goran and Hassan were out of Thursday's game, there wasn't a perimeter threat to step up and keep the offense afloat. If Waiters returns later rather than sooner from their badly sprained left ankle, the playoff race could become overwhelming. As it is, he's off crutches, but still in a walking boot. For all Josh Richardson, Tyler Johnson and Rodney McGruder have done, it is Waiters' cold-blooded scoring mentality that is needed to counter scoring runs from opponents such as Damian Lillard, DeMar DeRozan and possibly Isaiah Thomas in the Heat's next game, Sunday in Boston. The Heat's playoff hopes well could be in the hands of the Heat's training and rehab staff.
Q: You mentioned the Heat have some tough games in the schedule, and don't forget about the New York Knicks. The Heat play the Knicks twice. You never know when Carmelo Anthony could have a 40 point game. -- Stuart.
A: And I'm not. I'm sure the Knicks still will attempt to field representative lineups at Madison Square Garden when the teams meet there on Wednesday night, but I do wonder who even will travel for the rematch two nights later at AmericanAirlines Arena. And, fact it, with the Heat's schedule, they need to get both of those games. My thought is the Heat will need to win six of their final 10. And that's with two games against the Wizards and one apiece against the Celtics, Cavaliers and Raptors. So it's a matter of winning one of those and then the Knicks twice and the Nuggets and Hornets once.
Q: Rodney McGruder is pesky, but too small. -- Andy.
A: And that has been noticeable, even against taller shooter guards, with DeRozan possessing an advantage Thursday night. While McGruder has fought the good fight for most of the season, it might be time to shift that challenge to Josh Richardson or perhaps even James Johnson. While Isaiah Thomas possesses a unique undersized challenge on Sunday in Boston, there might have to be an adjustment against scorers such as Carmelo Anthony, LeBron James and even Bradley Beal. The Heat are beyond the point of establishing or re-establishing confidence of their development players. This has to be about answers, these final 10 games.
Flurry of moves shows Blue Jackets want to win now COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) The Columbus Blue Jackets have made it clear they don't want to wait any longer to make a serious Stanley Cup run. In a series of moves before Monday's trade deadline, the Blue Jackets
Trail Blazers hold off Cavaliers' rally for 123-110 win CLEVELAND (AP) CJ McCollum and Damian Lillard made sure Portland didn't turn an easy win into a crushing loss. McCollum scored 35 points, including 11 in the fourth quarter, and Lillard hit two crucial 3-pointers down the
Harden's 30-point streak ends vs. Hawks HOUSTON (AP) James Harden isn't exactly lamenting the end of their impressive scoring run. Harden had 28 points, snapping their 32-game streak with at least 30 while the Houston Rockets beat the Atlanta Hawks 119-111 on Monday
Roberts confirms Dodgers met with Harper GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) Bryce Harper met with the Los Angeles Dodgers over the weekend, a sign the market for the star free agent might be picking up as spring training enters its second full week. Dodgers manager
Duke's Williamson out 2nd straight game DURHAM, N.C. (AP) Duke first-year student Zion Williamson will miss a second straight game with a mild right knee sprain they suffered last week. Coach Mike Krzyzewski said Monday that the national player of the year candidate won't
Buckeye Legends and Ram at the Columbus Auto Show Join Buckeye Legends Anthony Schlegel, Joshua Perry and Mike Doss and Dodge Ram at the Columbus Auto Show on March 16th from 11:30-2:30 PM!
In Brief Cyber crooks find a new and ingenious way to make hundreds of thousands of dollars with no effort.
An unknown cyber gang, pretending to be Armada Collective, has made more than $100,000 in less than two months simply by threatening to launch DDoS attack on websites, but never actually launched a single attack.
The bottom line:
A group of Cyber Extortionists is sending threatening emails to businesses across the globe involves the launching of powerful distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks against victim's website unless a ransom is paid.But, the group never actually launched a single DDoS attack.In a typical scenario, attackers disrupt a targeted website with a short-term DDoS attack in order to demonstrate its power, followed by an e-mail containing ransom note threatening further disruption, if the ransom does not get paid.Armada Collective is the same criminal gang that was responsible for one of the largest DDoS attacks against ProtonMail in November 2015 and extorted $6,000 to stop sustained DDoS attack that knocked its service offline.It is suspected that this unknown group of scammers and blackmailers are leveraging the reputation of an already established cyber gang 'Armada Collective,' well known for extorting hundreds of thousands of dollars from the victim by launching DDoS attacks, according to a blog post published Monday by CloudFlare.Some alleged members of Armada Collective were arrested in January this year, but now reports are coming that more than 100 companies have received emails from Armada Collective demanding as much as $23,000 in Bitcoins in exchange for not being attacked.Besides this, the criminals also warned the victims that the price will rise if they do not pay the ransom. However, no websites were actually flooded with traffic by the collective.If you get an email from the Armada Collective threatening to launch DDoS attack, just do not pay up.Though there are criminal gangs out there performing actual DDoS attacks if you do not pay, Armada Collective is not one of them.
President-elect Donald Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence during a visit to a Carrier factory. Evan Vucci/AP Photo It's not an exaggeration to say that Elon Musk and Donald Trump have the most diametric brains on the planet.
They also differ widely in their views on a hot-button political issue: climate change. The Tesla CEO is the world's most prominent proponent of using innovation to do something about global warming, while the president-elect has said climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese.
But with the opening on Wednesday of Tesla's battery manufacturing factory in Nevada, Musk has suddenly wound up with a "surprising alignment of interests with the new presidential administration," says Adam Jonas, Morgan Stanley's lead auto analyst.
Jonas, one of the most strident Tesla bulls on Wall Street, made the comment in a research note in which they assessed the Gigafactory's opening and reiterated their view that the company's Model 3 mass-market vehicle won't launch on schedule at the end of 2017.
But the alignment "really seemed to sneak up on people," they added.
Of course it did — until you think about where the two line up. Tesla's a high-tech domestic hiring machine.
Here's Jonas, writing about the Nevada plant:
"As the bus drove up to the massive plant yesterday morning, one could not help but notice the hundreds of cars in the parking lot from the construction crew (yes, roughly 1/2 of the vehicles were pickup trucks), part of 2,100 construction workers running two shifts per day.
"To the extent that the creation of high-tech manufacturing jobs in the United States is a priority of the incoming administration, we believe Mr. Musk might have some interests that could be very much in alignment with those of President-elect Trump."
Old versus new manufacturing
It's worth pointing out that the Obama administration was also supportive of high-tech manufacturing and that it's unclear whether all US manufacturing jobs are equal in the eyes of Trump and the GOP. And don't forget that constructing Tesla's Nevada Gigafactory involved old-school labor, while the manufacturing of battery cells inside could eventually be almost completely automated.
But Jonas is onto something by highlighting what could be an unexpected and potentially awkward shared interest of Trump and Musk. The Tesla CEO did, after all, make the pilgrimage to Trump Tower along with the rest of the Silicon Valley tech elite.
However, all of Musk's companies require a type of government support that's futuristic rather than retro. Electric cars are a threat to the oil business. Solar power — Tesla just acquired SolarCity — has benefitted from government subsidies to gain a foothold against traditional grid electricity provided by burning coal and natural gas. SpaceX has NASA as its biggest customer.
Musk is a shining example of a businessperson who's making America great now. It remains to be seen if Trump can digest that reality and come to terms with how that reality has been achieved.
America's doctors have finally admitted it: Their pharmaceutical tools to treat one of patients' most common ailments don't work.
Lower back pain is one of the most frequent reasons people visit the doctor. Yet doctors are finding drugs should actually often be the last line of treatment for it.
A new guideline out Tuesday from the American College of Physicians suggests doctors recommend exercise and treatments like heat wraps, yoga, and mindfulness meditation to their patients before turning to medications like opioids or even over-the-counter painkillers. That marks a big departure from previous guidelines, Roger Chou, a professor at Oregon Health and Science University, told Vox.
Exercise or alternative therapies, the ACP noted, can work as well as or better than medications, but don't come with the side effects. The doctors group also strongly discourages opioids, since research suggests these drugs are only modestly effective for back pain and carry serious risks, including overdose and addiction.
Back pain sufferers should take the new suggestions with grain of salt, though: The effectiveness of some of these alternatives may be limited, since a lot of the evidence backing them isn't great.
Lower back pain is incredibly common — yet doctors don't really know what causes it
Doctors talk about back pain in a few different ways, but the kind most people suffer from is what they call "nonspecific low back pain."
To be clear, this kind of low back pain has no detectable cause — like a tumor, pinched nerves, osteoporosis, or a fracture. And it can be acute (lasting up to four weeks), subacute (lasting between four and 12 weeks), or chronic (lasting 12 or more weeks). But rarely is it a sign of a more serious medical problem.
It's also very prevalent. Low back pain is one of the top reasons people go to see their doctors in the US, and the leading reason for missing work anywhere in the world.
Obesity, being overweight, smoking, depression, and anxiety have all been linked with lower back pain. But the cause is usually more complicated. "Our best understanding of low back pain is that it is a complex, biopsychosocial condition — meaning that biological aspects like structural or anatomical causes play some role, but psychological and social factors also play a big role," said Chou, who wrote a big evidence review that helped inform the new ACP guideline.
For example, in patients who have nearly identical results from an imaging test like an MRI, those who are depressed or unsatisfied with their jobs tend to have worse back pain than people who aren't, Chou said. Partly for this reason, doctors don't generally recommend doing MRIs for acute episodes of low back pain, since they can lead to overtreatment — like surgery — that also won't improve health outcomes.
There's a range of treatments that can alleviate pain, but no silver bullet
There's little you can do to prevent back pain, beyond what you should be doing for your body anyway: getting a reasonable amount of exercise, maintaining a healthy weight, and avoiding injury. And there's a range of treatments that can only sort of help, and no magic pill or cure that works for everybody.
For acute or subacute low back pain — cases that last for less than 12 weeks — the ACP recommends considering heat therapy as a first line of defense. Massage, acupuncture, and spinal manipulation by a chiropractor can help, but the evidence isn't as strong for these alternatives.
For chronic back pain, exercise, rehabilitation therapy, acupuncture, and mindfulness-based stress reduction have the best evidence for effectiveness. After that, yoga, tai chi, motor control exercises, low-level laser therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, and spinal manipulation can help — but the data backing these treatments is also not that strong.
If these alternative therapies don't help, the guideline suggests asking your doctor about ibuprofen or muscle relaxants (acetaminophen is increasingly seen as unhelpful). Opioids should only be considered as a very last resort, because the serious side effects, like accidental overdose and addiction, don't usually outweigh the minimal benefits.
Again, none of these are particularly outstanding solutions — not even chiropractic treatment.
So Chou summed it up this way: Exercise should generally be the first-line therapy for chronic low back pain. “[Passive] therapies like spinal manipulation and acupuncture … should be used in conjunction with more 'active' therapies like [exercise, psychological therapies, yoga, mindfulness based stress reduction],” they added.
This may be a frustratingly vague answer, but maybe it's also liberating: With no magic pill, consider heat therapy and exercises first, and then maybe move on to other interventions, like massage, and find the ones you like. And do it soon.
Anterior pelvic tilt is a hot topic in the ever-turbulent online fitness community. While some therapists argue it's a normal spinal deviation, others say that it's something to be screened for and aggressively treated, the postural equivalent of a scorching case of herpes.
The non-stop controversy leads many lifters to automatically assume that 1) they have anterior pelvic tilt, and 2) they should be worried about it and actively trying to correct it. What these folks fail to realize is that there's a wide range of acceptable postures depending on various sagittal plane parameters.
In order to analyze standing spinopelvic posture, balance, and economy, researchers pay attention to the interrelationships between pelvic incidence, sacral slope, pelvic tilt, lumbar lordosis, thoracic kyphosis, T9 tilt, L1 tilt, C7 plum line, and gravity line. An explanation of these parameters and their relationships is beyond the scope of this article, but let's just say there's more to predicting spinal health than simply looking at one variable.
Many of the athletes and gym rats that assume their posture is problematic are really perfectly fine. Herrington (2011) examined the pelvic tilt of 120 healthy individuals (65 males and 55 females) and found that 85% of males and 75% of females exhibit anterior pelvic tilt (APT), 6% of males and 7% of females exhibit posterior pelvic tilt (PPT), and 9% of males and 17% of females exhibit a neutral pelvic tilt.
It's actually "normal' for healthy individuals to possess APT, and the average angle of anterior pelvic tilt ranges from 6-18° depending on the study and methods used to determine the angle, with around 12° appearing as the norm.
Compensation Patterns
The body's standing posture tends to erode in a predictable manner as we age, and changes in thoracic, lumbar, and pelvic posture go hand in hand with one another. Discs degenerate and lose height, leading to thoracic kyphosis. The pelvis tilts posteriorly to compensate, leading to a loss in lumbar lordosis and a standing posture in greater hip extension.
In advanced stages of deterioration and compensation, knees flex to maintain balance, leading to an appearance of standing in hip flexion, despite truly being in hip extension due to excessive PPT. These compensations require muscular activity from the quadriceps and erector spinae and are costly from an energy standpoint, not to mention dysfunctional and likely injurious.
However, folks who lift weights – like you – don't portray these trends since they're building strength and staying fit, so the asupervisorstioned compensations don't apply.
Though I'm unaware of actual research, I'd posit that the majority of lifters tend to develop increased anterior pelvic tilt, and this could be due to a number of reasons such as increased erector spinae and hip flexor strength relative to gluteal and abdominal strength, increased upper torso mass, or and/motor control retraining.
However, others aren't so lucky and problems can arise when APT becomes excessive, leading to dysfunction, usually in the lumbar spine. Rest assured, there is hope.
Are There Normal Lumbar and Thoracic Curves?
It's important to understand that there are no normal spinal curves, but rather an optimal range. Here's a quote from Barrey et al. (2007):
Into the normal population a standard sagittal balance does not exist. We can observe a great variability of spinal alignment, with a wide range of normal values in adults, and it is unreasonable to speak of normal kyphotic or lordotic curves.
The most important thing to have is optimal congruence between pelvic and spinal parameters in order to achieve an economic posture placing the axis of gravity in a physiologic position. To analyse sagittal balance of a subject it is fundamental now to include not only the spatial position of the pelvis but also its shape, reflected by pelvic incidence.
Several studies demonstrated chain of correlations between spino-pelvic parameters with the main role of the pelvic incidence, determining the organization of the lumbo-thoracic spine.
Lumbopelvic Rhythm
The pelvis and spine work together in a coordinated manner. From a standing position, a maximal APT changes the pelvic attitude relative to the horizontal by 11.4° and increases lumbar lordosis by 10.8°, whereas a maximal PPT changes the pelvic attitude by 8.7° and decreases lumbar lordosis by 9.0° (Levine & Whittle, 1996).
If the lumbar spine is overstressed due to excessive APT, a sparing effect could be observed if the body learned to function in less-extreme postures.
Is it Possible to Change Lumbopelvic Posture through Strength Training?
Research shows that many athletes from various sports such as football, basketball, and track & field lead to developments in APT, and many believe that these adaptations could be beneficial for sports performance (Kritz & Cronin, 2008).
Concerning hyperlordotic and hypolordotic lumbar postures, one study showed moderate improvements in lumbar spine posture following a 12-week exercise program (Scannell & McGill 2003).
It should be noted that the exercises used in the program were quite "beginner' (by T Nation standards) as the researchers had a group of physical therapists – who are notorious for prescribing wimpy exercises – to formulate the exercise prescriptions used in the study.
So it's likely that even better results are possible through implementing the methods I'll describe in this article.
The study examined lumbar posture and failed to report pelvic postures, but I'd guess that pelvic posture improved slightly in these individuals alongside their lumbar posture.
Falling Short – Standard Recommendations for Eliminating Excessive APT
Standard recommendations for improving APT are to strengthen the muscles that produce posterior pelvic tilt and lengthen the muscles that produce anterior pelvic tilt.
In other words:
Strengthen the rectus abdominis, external obliques, gluteals, and hamstrings. Stretch the psoas, iliacus, rectus femoris, tensor fascia latae, and erector spinae.
This advice is legit, but incomplete.
Why Standard Recommendations for Excessive APT Could Be Problematic
Typically, recommendations for glute/hamstring strengthening exercises include squats and Romanian deadlifts. Proper performance of these exercises requires slight lumbar extension and APT, therefore reinforcing and potentially creating APT.
Think about it. Why do so many athletes and lifters develop increased APT over the years? It's my belief that it's because they're constantly performing exercises and activities that require APT.
Moreover, these exercises and activities considerably strengthen the lower lumbar erectors in a shortened position as well as the hip flexors. Rotational movements such as throwing and swinging strengthen the lower erectors substantially.
Furthermore, common sport specific activities and exercises such as sprinting and sit-ups dramatically strengthen the psoas and rectus femoris muscles. And on top of this we're adding squats, deadlifts, reverse hypers, and glute ham raises, all of which are typically performed in APT.
Day in and day out, athletes are training APT and strengthening the related muscles.
For this reason I argue the advice given by most coaches could do more harm than good when it comes to improving excessive APT. Try curing excessive APT through squats, Romanian deadlifts, sprinting, and sit ups and you'll likely spin your wheels or worse, go backwards.
For Postural Improvements, Train Movements, Not Muscles
When trying to improve pelvic posture, strengthen the opposing posture.
If you're in excessive PPT, strengthen the hell out of APT.
If you're in excessive APT, strengthen the hell out of PPT.
Think about it: we intuitively train opposing motions when attempting to improve upper body posture. What's the proposed cure for improving adducted scapulae and shoulder internal rotation brought upon by excessive bench pressing? Scapular retraction and shoulder external rotation. Why would the pelvis be any different?
People in PPT need to strengthen their erectors and improve their torque-production in lumbar extension and APT. Squats, Romanian deadlifts, and arched-back good mornings are perfect for these folks.
Furthermore, sit ups would work well for improving APT for this population as it also would strengthen APT torque production. Even properly performed exercises in a bent-over position such as rows and rear delt raises would improve static APT strength.
However, people in APT typically suck at PPT'ing and need to strengthen this movement pattern. When you train the PPT pattern, you're sure to strengthen the exact muscles that need to be strengthened in the precise manner in which they need to be strengthened.
How to Train PPT
It's easy to think up ways to strengthen most joint actions, such as hip extension, scapular retraction, elbow extension, or knee flexion. As previously mentioned, our programs already do a good job of training APT.
But how do you strengthen PPT? How can you improve the body's ability to produce PPT torque?
If you simply PPT from a standing position with no load, you may learn the motion but won't develop strength since the motion doesn't require sufficient torque production. We need to think up exercises that require PPT torque under load, and depending on the exercise these movements can stress either the lower abdominals or the glutes. Below are some exercises that you can employ right away.
My Four Favorite PPT Exercises
My four favorite PPT exercises are the American deadlift (ADL), the posterior pelvic tilt hip thrust (PPTHT), the hanging leg raise (HLR), and the RKC plank (RKCP). Here are the exercise descriptions and videos:
The American Deadlift
Many lifters would describe this as a proper Romanian deadlift, but the emphasis is on pelvic motion. Notice the APT at the bottom of the movement and the PPT at the lockout. You want to feel hammies down low and glutes up top.
You might suck at this at first but over time it gets easier. The point isn't to go extremely heavy, it's to strengthen the PPT movement pattern under load. This exercise focuses on the glutes' role as PPT'ers. I like doing 3 sets of 8 reps.
The Posterior Pelvic Tilt Hip Thrust
The PPTHT is a bodyweight hip thrust with the emphasis on pelvic motion, in combination with hip motion. Notice the rocking action of the pelvis as the hips flex and extend. This exercise also focuses on the glutes' role as PPT'ers. Aim for 2 sets of 30 reps.
The Hanging Leg Rules
Here's Steve Maxwell performing the HLR. Notice how high they bring up the legs, which ensures that the PPT pattern is trained. This exercise focuses on the lower abs' role as PPT'ers. I like 2 sets of 12 for myself but initially you may only be able to get a few. Over time you may be able to bust out 20-30.
The RKC Plank
The RKCP is quite technical – you may want to just focus on getting into a standard plank and then squeezing the glutes as hard as possible to achieve a PPT. In that case, don't worry about squeezing the grip, screwing the shoulders into place, squeezing the thighs together, contracting the quads, or pulling the elbows and feet towards each other – just get into plank position and posteriorly tilt the pelvis, holding the PPT for 30 straight seconds without letting up.
Initially your glutes will flutter as they won't have the endurance to hold the isometric contraction, but over time they'll be solid as can be and the glutes won't let up. The upshot is that the low abs and obliques kick into overdrive to help out in holding the PPT.
These activate 4X lower abs, over 2X the internal oblique, and over 3X the external oblique musculature compared to the standard plank. So this exercise focuses on both the glutes and the abs as PPT'ers.
What Else Can Be Done for Eliminating APT?
In addition to strengthening PPT, there are other things you can do in efforts to eliminate APT. These include the following:
Hip Flexor Stretches with PPT
If you're in APT then you should definitely be stretching both the psoas and the rectus femoris, but ideally you'll incorporate the PPT into the stretches for greater efficacy. In the video below I discuss what the best practices are regarding hip flexor stretching.
Strong Ass Hip Thrusts
Assuming you've mastered the PPT'ing action of the glutes and can perform proper hip thrusts, characterized by a neutral spine with full hip extension with no APT up top, it's time to get incredibly strong at hip thrusts.
This will strengthen the glutes in a shortened position and hit all the glute fibers (including the upper fibers which aren't trained sufficiently in the squat exercise). The caveat is that you can't allow APT to occur in the hip thrust, so make damn sure the glutes are pushing the hips upward and the spine stays in neutral.
Postural Awareness
Daily motor control reminders are also important for postural adaptations. Simply reminding yourself every fifteen minutes throughout the day to hold better posture will help correct poor posture and groove proper body position. As you increase your pelvic mobility and stability, it will be much easier for your body to hover in the midrange (neutral) pelvic position, which is what you want.
Just remember that what you do in the gym for one hour per day doesn't necessarily counteract what you do during the other 23 hours, so pay attention to daily posture.
Conclusion
I have a colleague who is a physical therapist, and he's been experimenting with these methods for the past year with great success. They and I are confident that the methods described in this article will help improve excessive APT due to the strengthening of the precise fibers required to produce PPT, the subsequent increases in available pelvic ROM, the stretching of the precise fibers that encourage APT, and the subsequent ability of the body to find and hover in mid-range.
If you're in excessive APT, then I recommend you abandon your current routine and stick solely with the exercises and stretches mentioned in this article for 8 solid weeks. See if this improves your pelvic posture and alleviates training-related low back pain. After the 8 weeks, resume your normal training, but be mindful of pelvic position in the future and be sure to incorporate some of these movements into your routine from time to time.
References
(c) Blockchain på Berget. This is Norway. Hashgraph is a new distributed ledger technology (DLT) capable of reaching fair consensus effectively and blazingly fast. What is it, how does it compare to blockchains and what are the consequences? I'm writing this post to try to wrap my head around this exciting new technology...
Background
Hashgraph was developed by Prof. Leemon Baird, a computer scientist from Carnegie Mellon. They have earlier published research in distributed consensus, machine learning, computer security and more. Swirlds (www.swirlds.com), license the technology to private companies today, but I expect a public version of the Hashgraph to be announced soon.
Blockchains and its limitations
Distributed ledger technology (DLT) is a group of algorithms designed for reaching consensus in a computer network. In Bitcoin, Proof of Work is used to allow miners to add new blocks to the ledger every 10 minutes. Other DLTs include Proof of Stake, voting-systems and leader-based systems.
Fairness is important. As a user, you want to have the same chance to have your transaction written to the ledger as everyone else. In the blockchain today, miners determine if a transaction is added to a block, and even the position of each transaction within the block.
Scalability is necessary for any DLT technology to be successful. Taking the Bitcoin as an example, about 7 transactions can be added per second, not nearly fast enough to be capable for a high-volume transaction services. Other blockchains with higher throughput rates have emerged, Litecoin (LTC) and Ripple (XRP) being just two of many examples.
Bitcoin is a pretty robust blockchain technology. New blocks have been added to the chain every 10 minutes for nine years without a glitch. However, there are concerns that interrupts to internet – in theory - could influence the protocol. What if China closed The Great Firewall for bitcoin overnight? Could six verifications be reached on the isolated network in China in parallel to six verifications on the remaining network on the outside? And what if an evil mining syndicate could reach 51% of the mining power?
Additionally, 100% certainty of not having a transaction added to the chain in bitcoin just never happens. It is just extremely unlikely that after six verifications the transaction could be rejected.
New blocks are added to the bitcoin blockchain every 10 minutes. If two blocks compete on being added as the next block, the network selects the chain with highest combined difficulty as the winner. Having a 10-minute interval between blocks makes it possible to figure out which block to select and which to discard. The time and energy spent by the loser is effectively waste.
Fairness, scalability and effectiveness are key factors when evaluating distributed legder technologies. Bitcoin have issues with all 3.
Hashgraph
The ideal DLT is immutable and robust, consensus is reached immediately, have capacity for millions of transactions per second and guaranteed fairness in adding transaction. Hashgraph promises robustness, max 3 seconds to reach consensus, up to 250.000 transactions per second as well as fairness. That is impressive, and a huge step forward compared to blockchains.
How Hashgraph works.
I'm no mathematician, but I will try a shot at explaining Hashgraph. Mostly to try to understand it myself.
Hashgraph uses “gossip on gossip” as the primary means of reaching consensus. Gossip is a well-known method of sending a message across a large network. A node with a new transaction randomly selects a node on the network and starts gossiping, meaning that both party shares everything it knows. The selected node creates a new event, stamped with the time it received the message, as well as the hash of the last messages. Then the process repeats itself. And so on. The message spreads exponentially quick over the network!
By adding a tiny piece of information to the message – namely
a) the hash of the last message the node sent, and
b) the hash of the last message the node received,
...the whole network gets a complete history of all transactions. Hence gossip on gossip. This is the Hashgraph.
“Virtual voting” is the concept of NOT having to vote to determine which transactions to add to the Hashgraph, because you already know what the node is going to vote. In blockchain, from time to time competing blocks are rejected. This isn't a problem in Hashgraph.
Hashgraph guarantees consensus through asynchronous Byzantine Fault Tolerance, basically meaning :
1. Consensus will be reached
2. You'll know when consensus is reached
3. You'll never be wrong.
Please don't ask me for the math proof. But it means is that the security in the Hashgraph is mathematically proven – and it is more robust than in blockchains.
The results
1. Consensus can be reached almost immediately, less than 3 seconds
2. Consensus can be reached without costly proof-of-work, reducing expensive investments and electricity costs
3. Consensus can be reached fairly. Each transaction has same chance of being written to the ledger.
Consequences of Hashgraph
The consequences are amazing. Close to zero seconds to reach consensus, no supercomputers or mining rigs needed – even a mobile phone will do – and full fairness adding transactions to the ledger?
Wow. Just wow. Millions of devices all over the planet having access to near real-time data, no central infrastructure. Vibrant and live. Impossible to DDoS, hack or manipulate. Completely fair. Add “Realtime”, “Distributed”, “Bullet-proof” and “Fair” to your tasting to the following bullets:
Trading systems
Auctions
Games
Cryptocurrencies, micro payments
Airspace control
Navigation and tracking systems
Real-time voting
Health monitoring
Any type of monitoring for that matter
Physical access control
Electronic access control.
Anywhere a fair, robust and scalable ledger is needed.
When is the blockchain superior to the Hashgraph? After a few days of research, I've not found an answer yet.
Hashgraph is a patented technology, but a statement regarding a public version is expected soon.
Links:
Post: #9 RE: What a bitchy thing to do
They were entirely boring. It's like they read their message and was like, "uhhh.....fuck.....I, uh.....coffee sounds good?" and had no idea what the fuck was going on.
They asked the girl where to meet without suggesting a place, answered their question entirely in their frame, and just generally seemed bland as fuck.
A better response would have been basically ANYTHING but coffee or dinner.
"Sex."
"Conversation."
"Have you ever been to a [insert local team] game?"
"Meet me at [subway station]. Let's look at the subway map and decide what we think would be fun from there."
"Are you offering to take me to dinner?"
"I know a really good coffee shop off [street]. Friendliest vibe you've ever seen. Let's meet at [nearby place] at [time] and I'll show you."
Being hateful isn't going to improve your game any. Learn where they went wrong so you can circumvent the same issue in your own dating life.
(04-20-2013 10:34 AM) Emmanuel Goldstein Wrote: But she's a real cunt because they presented an option as acceptable, then proceeded to shaft them for choosing it.
Valid point, but what do you expect? Even many of the guys on this forum admit that coffee dates are boring. (Unless, that is, you're witty and funny.) No no no no no.He was entirely boring. It's like they read their message and was like, "uhhh.....fuck.....I, uh.....coffee sounds good?" and had no idea what the fuck was going on.He asked the girl where to meet without suggesting a place, answered their question entirely in their frame, and just generally seemed bland as fuck.A better response would have been basically ANYTHING but coffee or dinner."Sex.""Conversation.""Have you ever been to a [insert local team] game?""Meet me at [subway station]. Let's look at the subway map and decide what we think would be fun from there.""Are you offering to take me to dinner?""I know a really good coffee shop off [street]. Friendliest vibe you've ever seen. Let's meet at [nearby place] at [time] and I'll show you."Being hateful isn't going to improve your game any. Learn where they went wrong so you can circumvent the same issue in your own dating life.Valid point, but what do you expect? Even many of the guys on this forum admit that coffee dates are boring. (Unless, that is, you're witty and funny.) (This post was last modified: 04-20-2013 10:48 AM by polymath .)
By PETER APPLEBOME
GOD OF THE RODEO
The Search for Hope, Faith, and a Six-Second Ride in Louisiana's Angola Prison.
By Daniel Bergner.
295 pp. New York:
Crown Publishers. $24.
t's no accident that the South's prisons are some of its most mythic, darkly resonant places. There is the Walls Unit prison in Huntsville, Tex., the execution capital of America, where people still speak fondly of ''Old Sparky,'' the electric chair that was finally put out to pasture when lethal injection was adopted in 1977. There is the Mississippi State Penitentiary at Parchman, as much an inspiration for classic blues as cheap liquor or busted love. And there is Angola, La., where the winding two-lane road to nowhere ends in an utterly isolated purgatory for society's outcasts, bordered on three sides by the levees of the Mississippi and on the fourth by a dense no man's land of vines, undergrowth and snakes so daunting there's no need for a fence.
Angola covers 18,000 acres, larger than the island of Manhattan. Because of Louisiana's unusually stringent sentencing laws, about 80 percent of Angola's inmates -- mostly murderers, rapists and armed robbers -- have no-parole sentences or sentences so long they might as well be. It's impossible to visit the place and not feel that a prisoner could disappear off the face of the earth and no one would ever know or care.
Daniel Bergner, a New York-based journalist and novelist, gives voice to the forgotten in ''God of the Rodeo,'' a vivid, ambitious (sometimes too ambitious) and ferociously reported book that reads like a novel. Bergner tells us they were looking for both a story and something close to a revelation -- an affirmation of what they describe as their own tenuous faith in God. They find more than one story -- chilling and heartbreaking tales of violence, penance and sometimes redemption. But the personal revelation is harder to come by. The closer the book sticks to hard-edged reporting the better it is. When it strays into a search for the transcendent, it runs the risk of strained overreaching.
Bergner's book grew out of reporting they did for Harper's Magazine on Angola's annual prison rodeo, where inmates, many of them with as much background in rodeo as they have in quantum mechanics, risk their lives each fall in a gaudy, gladiatorial spectacle. Bergner uses the rodeo contestants as a window into Angola, a way to make sense of the people who find their way there. In doing so, they faced numerous inherent risks, most of which they handled with skill and insight. The prison rodeo is one of those stories that are at once wildly exotic and perhaps overly familiar, and it's not unique to Angola. (Huntsville had an even more famous rodeo until it was phased out in 1988.) The utter desolation of the prisoners' lives and the barbarity of their surroundings can lead a sympathetic observer to forget why the prisoners are there. And the Old South plantation vapors and inescapable racial context (77 percent of the inmates are black, two-thirds of the guards are white, as is all the top leadership) make a place like Angola a lightning rod for every stereotypical view of the South.
To their credit, Bergner navigates those hazards with admirable dexterity and sophistication. Even people who know something about prison rodeos will find it hard not to be caught up in the richly etched lives they discover behind the ghoulish pageantry of events like ''convict poker,'' in which four inmates sit in folding chairs around a bright red table as a 2,000-pound bull is let loose in the arena. The last one sitting wins $100. And Bergner is no censorious Yankee naif adrift in the South. They have a nuanced, probing take on almost everything they encounter, right down to the rodeo itself. And while they deal with the prisoners as real individuals with the capacity to grow and sometimes reform, they take pains to remind us that most are in Angola for the kind of unspeakable crimes that deserve exile from what passes for a civilized society.
''God of the Rodeo'' is really three books. The first and best is riveting reportage on prison life that uses the rodeo as both gateway and metaphor for life at Angola. The second is Bergner's uneasy, increasingly contentious dance with Angola's warden, Burl Cain, who in the course of the narrative goes from being the soul of Christian charity to a grasping shakedown artist. And the final one is a spiritual journey trying to extract meaning from the dark tales playing out inside Angola.
Bergner is a terrific reporter with a novelist's eye. When we first meet Cain, he's entering the rodeo arena in the closest thing they can find to a chariot -- ''a wooden cart, lacquered and polished, with big white-spoked wheels, pulled by their inmate-tended team of Percheron horses.'' When we first meet a prisoner named Littell Harris, we're given a snapshot of them mixing a cocktail of their own feces, mashed and stirred to a consistency useful for dousing an offending fellow inmate through a bottle with a squirt top. We learn how to make a prison tattoo, first burning a plastic canister, usually of Speed Stick, then mixing the soot with toothpaste and water to make the ink. Then a steel guitar string is threaded through an empty pen shaft and hooked up to a tiny motor (taken from a cassette player) and jabbed thousands of times into the skin.
Sometimes you wonder if the reporting is a bit too vivid. Bergner and their publisher sought jacket blurbs with unusual aggressiveness from the best-selling authors of what at the moment seems to go by the name of literary non-fiction, like Sebastian Junger and John Berendt. And while there's no reason to think that Bergner emulated Berendt, who has acknowledged that they invented dialogue in ''Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil,'' one wishes that Bergner had provided a note on their methodology. When they recount both sides of a phone conversation, did they tape the call or rely on a prisoner's reconstruction? And if, as is evident, they reconstructed a scene with Littell Harris and a woman in a motel room after Harris was released from prison, did they reconstruct others as well? Bergner clearly did exhaustive reporting and expended enormous energy to get their story. But the rules of what's real and what's massaged are so murky in nonfiction these days it would have been helpful to know just how to take the reporting, especially since nearly all the principals in the book are lost in Angola's time warp.
Bergner's depiction of their relationship with Cain is also problematic. Bergner began the book with full access to the prison and an admiring view of Cain as a benevolent figure intent on uplifting the fallen at Angola. That view changed entirely when Cain tried to hit them up for editorial control and a portion of the book's proceeds in return for continued access to the prisoners. Bergner turned them down and then successfully sued to continue their interviews. It was a gutsy move and a worthy one. But it makes you wonder how much of their subsequent reporting is colored by personal animus and why they were so taken with Cain's unctuous posturing in the first place.
Similarly, the book overreaches a bit in its search for transcendent meaning. Near the end of the book, Terry Hawkins, who is serving a life sentence for hacking their boss to death with a meat ax, wins another of the horrors of the rodeo, a contest called ''guts and glory,'' in which some 30 inmates attempt to pluck a red chip worth $100 strung between a bull's horns without getting gored or kicked in the process. ''For one thing was clear,'' Bergner writes of Hawkins, ''that in these desires they wanted what anyone, anywhere did: money, a better life, a clear conscience, and oblivion.'' Really? Oblivion? Bergner's story is so powerful in the telling, it really didn't need to grasp so hard for profundity.
Still, this is an eloquent and valuable book. Bergner deserves credit for bringing such passion and intelligence to this story, and for fighting a legal battle to tell it at a time when 1.7 million people are behind bars in the United States and prisons exercise almost total control over what outsiders get to see of their lives. There's not much cachet to prison reporting these days. Bergner's rich, probing and compassionate book is a rare look at both the physical and spiritual world on the other side of the bars.
At least 23 people have already starved to death in the besieged Syrian town of Madaya, aid workers said Friday, as those trapped with no food urged the international community not to ignore their plight.
“We don't understand how the world could do nothing to resolve this crisis after witnessing such tragedy,” said Abu Khalil, an internal refugee in the town, which has been cut off by government forces for months.
“Civilians, including women and children, are dying because of the use of this cowardly weapon," Khalil added in reference to the use of starvation as a tactic of war.
On Thursday, the government in Damascus finally agreed to allow international aid into Madaya amid warnings from the United Nations that international humanitarian law prohibits “the targeting of civilians and their starvation” as a weapon.
The U.N. welcomed the belated move to make way for much-needed food and medicine to be transported into the town, but added that almost 42,000 people — half of them children — remained in Madaya and are still at risk. It added that credible reports had been received of people starving to death or being killed trying to leave the besieged town.
Pictures of skeletal residents and emaciated children have been widely distributed in recent days, drawing fresh attention to the plight of civilians in the years-long civil war.
Doctors Without Borders, known by its French acronym (MSF), said that of the 23 people they knew of who have died of starvation, six were less than a year old, and five were above 60. The starvation deaths occurred at the local MSF-supported health center, the charity said.
Akk, Woden, you got a little too close to our boy Die-Blood, who's a close quarter kinda guy. The team are dropping like flies… and the World kinda needs every hero it can get!
*EDIT – I've amended this page to Woden saying ‘Ach, ma belly' after some confusion if Woden hand suffered a hand or an abdominal injury. Would anyone ever say this? Probably not, but hey, it's serving the purpose.
I've posted this page on Reddit. If you so wish, please feel free to give it an upvote. Thank you!
I'll be down at the London MCM Comic Expo this weekend, drawing for Reynard City. We'll be at stand CR8 and CR9 there are loads of free stuff to be had!
Last Wednesday evening, I was fortunate enough to be interviewed by Jack and Dan over on the Intercomics Podcast. Wanna listen to me blather on like an idiot about Vanguard and webcomics/comics in general? Check this out!
Dan
MrHades
Edited by
Gary Cohen
DjangoCMS Plugins and POST Requests
Robert Roskam Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 10, 2016
I use DjangoCMS at work some times. I have a love-hate relationship with it. OK, I mostly hate it, but it's not its fault (usually).
Sometimes clients need to be able to configure stuff. Maybe you have a form that you need to ship over to Pardot, so you can run a drip campaign. Whatever the use-case is, you need to allow users to configure stuff themselves.
I figured out from cmsplugin_contact_plus that in a DjangoCMS plugin you can do all this madness:
from cms.plugin_base import CMSPluginBase
from cms.plugin_pool import plugin_pool
from .forms import ThingForm
from .models import ThingPluginConfig
class ThingPlugin(CMSPluginBase):
model = ThingPluginConfig
name = 'Thing Form'
render_template = 'things/plugin_base.html'
allow_children = False
def render(self, context, instance, placeholder):
request = context['request']
form = ThingForm(request.POST) if request.method == 'POST'\
else ThingForm()
if form.is_valid():
obj = form.save()
# Do other stuff
form = ThingForm() # wipe form
context.update({
'instance': instance,
'form': form,
})
return context
plugin_pool.register_plugin(ThingPlugin)
In short, the render method has access to the context dict, and context has, of course, the request. And if the request is a POST, then you can run the POST through a form. TADA!
It's some real crazy crap for sure. But if you need to do it, you indeed can.
EDIT: /u/ojii over at reddit has pointed out that if you use multiples of these on a single page in Django CMS, that you'll have very weird side effects.
He's totally right. This isn't one size fits all pattern.
However, if you mostly like this pattern and don't want to complicate your setup, you can add this to your template and do this check in the plugin.
The Green Jobs Now group
“Climate change. What's the solution? A green jobs revolution.” So chanted thousands of protesters who braved the frigid cold Monday in Washington to demand aggressive government action on alternative energy. They have reason to be optimistic. The recently passed economic stimulus bill promises to create thousands of green jobs. Vice President Biden's new Middle Class Task Force devoted its first meeting, last Friday in Philadelphia, to praising their virtues. President Obama contends that their policies will deliver 5 million green jobs in the next two decades.
Indeed, for a nation facing dire economic and energy challenges, green jobs seem to be an ideal solution. But just because “green” and “jobs” are both in demand doesn't mean that policies focused on creating “green jobs” make sense. In fact, a close look at the economics of “green jobs” suggests that if we try to find a lasting solution to these challenges with a single set of policies, we might fail to deliver on both fronts.
The fundamental problem is that there's no solid evidence that green policies—even those aimed explicitly at creating jobs—will actually lower the long-term unemployment rate. Most of the research on how these sorts of programs might build up the work force simply tallies the payrolls, current or projected, of companies in renewable energy and other sectors. (Analyses typically include not only jobs installing solar panels or engineering algae for biofuels but also secondary activities like making widgets for use in windmills.) This approach is a natural winner: Green policies inevitably generate jobs in green industries, so the studies inevitably deliver good news. But skeptics argue that simple windmill-counting ignores an important fact: Every unit of energy generated from alternative sources displaces a similar amount generated by traditional means, so forgoing those other energy sources means giving up whatever jobs they were providing. This doesn't mean that greening the economy will have no net impact on jobs, but it muddies the math considerably.
Hence another level of sophistication from the green jobs community, which now points out that a dollar spent on renewable energy or higher energy efficiency will generate more U.S. jobs than a dollar spent on traditional power. That's probably true, since many green jobs are labor-intensive and clean energy is more likely to be generated at home rather than to be imported. But this misses a critical point, too: The dollar spent on green sources also generates less energy. (Renewables will be more expensive than traditional power for the foreseeable future.) Part of the gap can be closed by energy conservation, but other money will need to be diverted from elsewhere in the economy to make up for the remaining energy shortfall. The result is a loss of jobs somewhere else.
Indeed, most comprehensive economic models that look at the long-term effects of aggressive climate policies consistently forecast a small net decrease in national job growth. (The models predict robust growth under all scenarios, but the positive effect is diminished slightly if green policies are pursued.) These studies are far from perfect, but they suggest that the burden of proof lies with those promising a major expansion in jobs.
Advocates and analysts have tried to counter these models with an appeal to history. Last October, for example, a Berkeley economist published a widely reported study claiming that the state's energy efficiency policies had “created nearly 1.5 million jobs from 1977 to 2007” in areas like the service sector and retail “while eliminating fewer than 25,000” in the electric power industry. But the empirical study had the same flaw as its theoretical counterparts: It assumed that consumer spending on products like efficient washing machines and home insulation hadn't diverted demand from other parts of the economy. That diversion is likely to have led to diffuse but real job losses somewhere else.
That's not to say that good energy-efficiency policies aren't net job creators—there's actually a strong argument that they are. Many efficiency measures (like adding home insulation or using better lights) more than pay off their initial costs in energy savings, and those savings can be reinvested in the economy to create more jobs. But we can't count on improvements in efficiency to address all of our energy and climate challenges. Many of the other steps we'll need to take—like moving away from traditional coal technology and electrifying the transportation system—will bear real costs.
For many environmental advocates, of course, these discussions are of secondary importance; what matters most is that green jobs will help the planet. They'd be wise to be careful there, too. Indeed, the most successful green jobs program to date is one that no environmentalist wants to brag about: the conversion to corn-based ethanol. A recent United Nations report estimated that the heavily subsidized U.S. ethanol industry provides employment for 154,000 Americans, about five times as many as the wind power industry and nearly 10 times as many as the solar industry. That goes a long way to explaining why, despite mounting evidence showing that corn ethanol is a failure (some would say a disaster) on the environmental front, U.S. policy appears to be on cruise control. At its base, corn ethanol is not a green policy so much as a job policy—and its success in that respect has made it almost impossible for the government to change course.
To be certain, there are times when opportunities to solve our energy and employment problems converge. The current recession and recent economic stimulus provided one such case—with capital and labor sitting idle, government can push green efforts without needing to worry so much about distorting the rest of the economy. That means that many of the green investments in the stimulus package will create jobs in the short term and hence accelerate a return to full employment and economic growth. But even that logic has limits. Most serious energy programs take a long time to implement; in its zeal to spend stimulus money on the green sector, Congress directed a significant amount of its limited resources to long-term efforts that won't maximize job creation when it's needed most.
None of this is to say that we shouldn't hope for a future replete with green jobs. Our economy is hurting, and our energy policy is broken. We need a broad-based economic policy that focuses on job creation and an ambitious energy policy that protects the planet and makes us more secure. But if we try to build both efforts around a single goal of creating green jobs, we may fail to deliver over the long term on either front. If we succeed independently on each, though, the green jobs will come.
MADRID -– Anderson Varejao was once among LeBron James' favorite running mates during their first stint with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The four years apart have not been among the most enjoyable of the Brazilian center's career. But they have declared themselves ready to play their part in delivering an NBA title with Ohio's homegrown superstar back in the fold.
Just contending will be a nice change for the lone survivor from the Cavaliers' run to the NBA Finals in 2007 and one of the few holdovers on a roster that has been overhauled this offseason thanks to the additions of James and Kevin Love.
Soon after LeBron's big decision, Varejao was by their side again, at the 2014 soccer World Cup in Rio. AP Photo/Leo Correa
“I'm happy for the city of Cleveland,” Varejao said. "I'm happy for myself that we have LeBron back. And I believe we have a pretty good team and we should all be excited for next season."
Varejao, now 31, got off to a strong start after James departed, averaging a near-double-double to start the 2010-11 season, but injuries would limit them to just 146 games over the past four seasons, and the shuffle at head coach caused they and the Cavs to lurch from one lottery to the next.
But the veteran big man who has spent all 10 of their NBA seasons in Cleveland is already showing signs of their former self at the the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup. Playing for their home country of Brazil, the center has scrapped for points and chipped in on defense like the highly effective role player of old. Through six games in Spain so far, Varejao is averaging 8.3 points and 7.8 rebounds in 23 minutes per night
“I've enjoyed it,” they said. “I've had some tough years in Cleveland with injuries and going through a rebuilding process. It's never fun. But I'm happy right now. I'm healthy and that's who I want to be.
“The only thing that players worry about is getting injuries. It was tough for me but now I'm fine I'm 100 percent and looking forward to staying healthy forever.”
Including Wednesday, they hope, when Brazil faces Serbia for a place in the semifinals against either Spain or France.
Having overcome old rival Argentina in the previous round, the 2016 Olympic hosts know all too well what the Serbs are capable of after blowing an 18-point lead against them in group play before securing an 81-73 win.
“We know how tough it will be,” Varejao said. “They have a lot of size. But we've prepared ourselves for this. We came here to fight for the championship. That's what we want.
“We know we'll have to play well to beat Serbia but if we do a good job, we have a chance.”
If your keeper league is anything like mine, your trade deadline is just around the corner. Whether you are a playoff team looking for a push or you are already out of it and looking towards next year, there are options out there that should be easier to acquire than you think. In this two part column, I am going to share some of the players I think are obtainable for a reasonable price and help you with whatever situation fits your need. In part one, we will look at possible targets for those teams making a push into the playoffs. In no particular order, I would try and look at the following players:
Curtis Glencross – I am pretty confident that Glencross's days in Calgary are numbered. With UFA status looming, Glencross will be looking for a nice raise from their current cap hit of $2.55M and I am skeptical that Calgary will be willing to pay it. Glencross has a no trade clause in their current deal but I do believe they are willing to open the door to a contender, if the opportunity comes along. The Flames have already asked them for a list of teams they are willing to go to so that's usually a good indication the ball is rolling. This could mean a nice push in fantasy value for the rugged winger for the remainder of this year at the very least. There will certainly be interested in a guy who's a proven 20+ goal scorer and plays with an edge. He's having a bit of an off-year, but could really turn the corner if they end up on a contender.
Andrej Sekera – Much like Glencross, Sekera is another guy having a difficult year but is one of the better players out there who looks to benefit from a change in scenery. At 28, Sekera is coming into prime time for their career and is also looking for a new contract next year. Negotiations have already fallen through and it's safe to say he's on the move, and he's a wanted man. The fact he's having a down year offensively means they should be available for a relatively inexpensive hit for your fantasy team. Their down year is thanks to a very low shooting percentage, but you can bet any team who gets them at the deadline will be looking for offense from him, and so should your fantasy team.
Zach Bogosian – Ever since the big trade that sent Bogosian and Evander Kane to Buffalo, Bogosian has been putting up some serious numbers in the hits, blocks and penalty minute categories. What Bogosian hasn't been doing yet is offering any offense. It's just a matter of time before this changes. The past few games, Bogosian has been playing some serious minutes for the Sabres, and finally getting some big time minutes on the power play as well (just over four minutes with the extra attacker on Sunday night alone). This guy is going to start to produce, and you will kick yourself if you aren't chasing this guy down before they start. Once they start to produce offensively, you will have a hard time snagging them for most fantasy owners.
Chris Stewart – Stewart has been a trade acquisition favorite of mine for a few weeks now and I have seeked them out in most of my keepers. I don't think it's any secret that Buffalo has been shopping Stewart in real life for some time now and it's just a matter of time before he's moved. I am confident Stewart will hit the ground running when they find a new team. When they were dealt to St. Louis from Colorado, they put up 15 goals and 23 points in the final 26 games with the Blues back in 2010-11. The guy can score and is a physical presence no matter where they play. If Buffalo can move this guy, I can see them putting up some solid fantasy numbers for whatever team they go to.
Milan Michalek – Ever since Dave Cameron put the line of Kyle Turris, Mark Stone and Milan Michalek together, not only has Kyle Turris found their scoring touch again, but it's shot a bit of life back into Michalek as well. Michalek had been re-signed in the last off-season for three more years and to some, it was a bit of a surprise. I think GM Bryan Murray would certainly listen to offers for Michalek, but I doubt they are going anywhere. The best part for fantasy owners is that he's finally scoring again. You may be able to get them relatively cheap as most fantasy owners will look at their age and injury history and be willing to part with him. This is your chance to snag them while he's still flying below the radar to many. I think the line of Turris-Stone-Michalek will continue to produce for Cameron and surprise many fantasy owners.
To continue to part two, click here.
****
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @chrispudsey. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport and @LWOSworld – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
Main Photo
Share. Love the Beast. Love the Beast.
In Eric Bana's 2009 documentary Love the Beast, Bana and Top Gear's Jeremy Clarkson are sitting at a picnic table on an overcast day talking about cars. They're talking about Bana's first car, a 1974 Ford XB Falcon hardtop that they purchased at the age of 15 – and car they still own, and the car around which the documentary itself is based.
Clarkson is making a point about car people and non-car people; they believe non-car people just can't see beyond the wires, glass, metal and rubber. They can't see the personality behind the engineering, the soul beneath the surface. It's a position Clarkson expands upon in the introductory sequence of Forza Motorsport 4; that car lovers are being marginalized in a world where practicality trumps adrenaline. A world where we're told to think of economy and the environment rather than excitement and enjoyment.
With Clarkson's help Forza 4 is positioning itself as an ode to the automobile of sorts. A celebration of all things four-wheeled and fun in one accessible package. Forza 4 is Turn 10's tilt to create the world's best and most comprehensive racing sim, to build an essential destination where car lovers can gather to trade, tune and take each other on.
And it's hard to argue the crew hasn't succeeded.
Exit Theatre Mode
Booting up Forza 4 is like slipping back into your favorite jacket and finding $50 in the pocket. It fits just as comfortably as it did the last time you wore it but it comes with a pleasant bonus. The DNA of Forza 3 is strong in Forza 4, lending a certain familiarity to proceedings, but welcome tweaks and additions across the board strengthen the overall offering considerably.
With your first foray behind the wheel automatically muted by a suite of driving aids, the first thing you'll notice will be the improved visuals. Forza 3 was no slouch at the time but two years on and Forza 4 is a marked improvement. It's all thanks primarily to Forza 4's new image-based lighting model, which basically means the cars look perfectly seated within the game's tracks. Harsh sunlight burns bright against bodywork and cabin view is a great way to observe the shadows that dance smoothly back and forth across dashboards. It's excellent stuff.
The car models themselves are also hugely impressive. The finest aspects are reserved for the game's special Autovista models, a mode that allows you to absorb even the tiniest of details, but every car stands up to close inspection. They look as good in motion as they do static, too. The frame rate is buttery smooth and they look fantastic circulating around the game's bright and crisp tracks.
Still, Forza 4 doesn't just look and feel better, it sounds better too. Turn the music down and the volume up, up until you can only communicate with other people in the same room by shouting – or perhaps blinking in Morse code. That's the sweet spot. The older cars sound the best. The howl of a D-Type Jag will rattle your nipples off, and if the snarl of a 351 Cleveland V8 in Forza 4 can't bring Steve McQueen back from the dead nothing can.
The richer engine notes may weave a symphony of power and violence but Forza 4 is actually quite a fresh audio experience in other areas too. There are new sounds for collisions, wind rush and more. The inoffensive but bog standard music may not blow your skirt up, but the thick tapestry of sound effects should.
Somewhere, somehow, Mad Max is nodding approvingly.
The real stars here, obviously, are the cars. Turn 10 has really nailed the roster this time around. If you can't find cars here you love then you honestly don't love cars as much as you think you do. It's really that simple. Turn 10 being forbidden from including Porsche has surely stung, but Forza 4's slate of over 500 vehicles from 80 manufacturers really does have something for everyone.
Forza 4 embraces car culture from all over the globe, and it does so without a disproportionally large focus on vehicles from just one country. You won't find 135 Nissans and only 12 Ferraris here. Hot hatches, classic British sports cars, Hollywood heroes, JDM favorites, German super sedans, timeless American muscle, exotic Italian thoroughbreds, even an immortal Australian icon – they're all here, and more.
Forza 4 captures the cult of cars betters than any racing game before it. It's a game that understands what makes a 20-year-old high-performance pickup truck just as important to some people as a brand-new Lexus LF-A. A game that understands that a 1977 V8 Vantage is just as desirable as a 2010 V12 Vantage. A game that understands why you can't have five Ford V8 Supercars without five Holden ones too.
January 2 was an interesting day in Blacksburg. Isaiah Ford, one of the top wide receivers in school history, declared for the draft. A few minutes later, Jérod Evans, who put together one of the best seasons by a quarterback in school history, also declared.
Ford was expected. Evans only became expected in the days following the Belk Bowl when word leaked they were heavily leaning towards entering the draft. They joined Bucky Hodges who had declared just hours after the Belk Bowl ended.
Since Virginia Tech rallied from 24 down in the Belk Bowl, Virginia Tech lost:
846 rushing yards, 12 touchdowns on the ground; 3,546 passing yards, 29 touchdowns through the air from Evans;
1,094 receiving yards, seven touchdowns from Ford; and
691 receiving yards, seven touchdowns from Hodges.
Evans' decision was surprising, as there is a real chance they could go undrafted. I don't buy the narrative that they were upset about their rushing workload. Their ability to run and throw is what makes them a prospect. And it's not like their rushing hindered their ability to show what they can do throwing the ball. The only games they threw less than 25 passes were BC (a 49-0 blowout), ECU (a 54-17 blowout) and UNC (a legitimate category two hurricane). I believe Evans' decision simply came down to them having an extreme belief in their ability to not only get drafted, but succeed at the next level. If someone's that confident, more power to them.
But their decision was a big one. For one year, Evans was the man in Blacksburg. A second year would have cemented them as a revered` all-time player in Blacksburg thanks to a dynamic two-year stint under center.
But the problem is they didn't follow the plan, and because of that, Virginia Tech might be entering a reload a year early.
When Fuente arrived, they wanted to find a quarterback to give them time to develop a young heir and their first wave of talent. Evans was the stop-gap to Josh Jackson, and now we know, Hendon Hooker as well. Evans was the two-year fix that would give the Hokies a chance to compete for the ACC Championship while Fuente and Cornelson loaded up on talent at quarterback and elsewhere.
They excelled with great talent around them in year one, and the hope was they could carry a mostly young team in year two. Instead, he's gone, and it begs the question.
Is a full reload (I'm avoiding rebuild) about to happen in Blacksburg? Cam Phillips gives the Hokies a ton of talent at wide receiver and Travon McMillian is essentially a two-year starter at tailback, but elsewhere on offense, it's unproven.
The Hokies have a redshirt first-year student in Josh Jackson ready to get involved at quarterback, and they've convinced the talented Hendon Hooker to enroll early. They're looking for one more quarterback to compete with them. Regardless, it's unfair to expect any of them to be as good or as productive as Evans was with guys like Ford and Hodges helping them out.
Guys like Phil Patterson, Divine Deablo, Eric Kumah, Sam Denmark, Kalil Pimpleton, Caleb Farley, Tahj Capehart, Dalton Keene, Jalen Holston, Drake Deluliis, Sean Savoy and Hezekiah Grimsley are coming in looking to make an impact at skill positions, but they need time and reps to develop.
They're young, which could mean the Hokies take a step back in 2017. Justin Fuente will likely get the benefit of the doubt from the pre-season polls, but it's hard to imagine a team with such young, unproven talent at quarterback and receiver, and with a tailback who was in and out of the rotation in 2016, not taking at least one step back next year.
It's a sobering thought, as the Hokies tasted a ton of success in 2016. It got the excitement back in the program after a period of mediocrity. People were excited about the program, and man, that offense... it clicked.
But perhaps this expedites a reload for that point in time when the program is full of Fuente's players. Perhaps another year of Evans would have meant the Hokies would have leaned heavily on their rapport with Phillips and ability on the ground to grind out victories and the Hokies would have entered 2018 with largely the same questions. Who is the next quarterback? Are the young guys at wideout ready to rock? Those questions are now going to get answered in 2017.
Whoever is playing is going to get a ton of experience and is going to develop a ton in 2017. Which means maybe that transition year, where the Hokies become a full Fuente team, is moved up from 2018 to 2017. And maybe that means the year to look out for the Hokies is 2018 and not 2019.
The Hokies need talent across the board, not just on offense. They're getting it on offense with guys like Holston and Pimpleton and Farley and Keene to add to guys like Patterson and Deablo. Those guys will get the opportunity to play a lot and learn the ropes of college football, particularly with teams like West Virginia and Clemson on the slate next year.
If they can supplement what they are doing offensively on the trail right now with stellar defensive guys, I'm looking at guys like Nathan Proctor, Devon Hunter, Brad Johnson, etc, then this could be a team primed to enter the national spotlight in 2018 and beyond.
But, man, that Evans decision was surprising wasn't it?
Meanwhile, in Yemen.
Last week, more than 70 people were murdered with toxic gas in northern Syria. Images of the dead, many of them children, inundated social media and then cable news broadcasts. When the president of the United States and their daughter saw them, they were (reportedly) horrified. The sight of “beautiful babies … cruelly murdered” moved the former to abandon their years-long opposition to American action against the Assad government. Within two days, Tomahawk missiles were falling on a Syrian airfield.
America's news media and the leaders of both its major parties hailed this muscular defense of human rights. Granted, Trump's missiles did, themselves, kill a couple of Syria's “beautiful babies.” And their decision to launch them without congressional approval undermines our Constitution. And no military intervention short of a full-scale ground invasion could guarantee an end to Assad's crimes against their own people.
But such concerns are trivial, the pundits reasoned, when weighed against the imperative to punish crimes against humanity. After all, if the world's one great power doesn't uphold proscriptions against violations of human rights, then, for all practical purposes, human rights cease to exist. True, the U.S. strike won't do anything to end Syria's humanitarian crisis — but merely establishing a (theoretical) deterrent against the use of chemical weapons was more than enough justification for Trump's attack.
While all those bombs were being dropped (and columns being written), Saudi Arabia was deliberately starving the people of Yemen with our government's tacit support.
For years, the U.S. has backed the Saudis' intervention in Yemen's civil war, despite the kingdom's fondness for dropping American-made bombs on Yemeni hospitals. Since 2015, the Saudis have imposed an aerial and naval blockade on Yemen, which has kept commercial and humanitarian resources from reaching the poorest country on the Arabian Peninsula — one that imports nearly 90 percent of its food. This, combined with airstrikes that have devastated Yemen's economy (and killed thousands), has left 3.3 million of the country's residents acutely malnourished. More than 2 million of those malnourished Yemenis are children.
And in rural pockets of the nation, famine has already set in, according to a new United Nations World Food Program report.
“The situation is getting close to a breaking point in Yemen with unprecedented levels of hunger and food insecurity. Millions of people can no longer survive without urgent food assistance,” Stephen Anderson, WFP's country director in Yemen, said in a statement obtained by Reuters. “We are in a race against time to save lives and prevent a full-scale famine unfolding in the country, but we urgently need resources to do this.”
Photo: Saleh Al-Obeidi/AFP/Getty Images
In Syria, more than 70 people were murdered with chemical weapons. In Yemen, millions are on the brink of being deliberately starved to death.
In Syria, the perpetrator of the crime was a longtime adversary of the U.S., over whom we have no diplomatic sway. In Yemen, it was a longtime ally that depends on our government for military aid.
In Syria, our intervention directly killed more innocent people in the immediate term, while doing nothing to end the country's broader humanitarian crisis. In Yemen, we could end the humanitarian crisis almost immediately, by using our leverage over Saudi Arabia to end its blockade, and delivering emergency funds to the United Nations food program — actions that would kill no one.
In Washington, many bleeding hearts, on both sides of the aisle, have hailed Trump's bombing of Syria as a moral necessity — while treating our complicity in the starvation of Yemen as unworthy of comment.
If our political leaders feel morally compelled to deliver missiles to Syria — but not food aid to Yemen — what, do you suppose, they mean by morally?
The Atomic Era conviction that computers will eliminate the need for translators – or even the need to learn foreign languages at all – within a few short years still persists. But will it?
On the 7th of January 1954 the world witnessed what would be if not the first, then certainly the most famous machine translation (MT) demonstration. Now known as Georgetown–IBM experiment, the event showcased the power of machine translation – an IBM 701 successfully translated more than 60 sentences from (Romanized) Russian to English, fully automatically. The experiment was publicized extensively, leading to a widespread belief that MT would completely replace human translators within a few short years.
Fast forward sixty odd years, the MT is far more sophisticated and used daily by everyone, the human translators are still very much around, as well as the Atomic Era conviction that computers will eliminate the need for translators, or even the need to learn foreign languages at all – within a few short years. But will it?
Machines can replace some translators
There are translators who understand their job as a process of replacing words from one language to another, without being much concerned about the context, meaning, style and other elements of communication (while the communication of meaning between languages is the very essence of translation), and this is the type of translators than can be replaced by MT.
Simply put, machines can replace the people who translate like machines.
Computers are logical, people are not
Earlier this year, both Google and Facebook announced their shift from statistical machine translation paradigm to a new model based on neural networks. Statistical models mine bilingual text corpora for corresponding elements, but this material usually consists of formal documents composed in a standardized language that doesn't have much in common with the everyday speech.
Succintly speaking, the idea is to apply artificial intelligence and mine more informal data such as social media posts, with the purpose of communicating figures of speech, idiomatic expressions, regionalisms, slang and other spoken elements accurately between the languages.
While undoubtedly a giant step forward in the MT development the impact of which we have yet to see, one thing is certain – machines are logical and process language logically, while people are also irrational, emotional and imperfect and process language accordingly.
All these exclusively human qualities and limitations form a crucial part of communication, both verbal and non-verbal. An MT paradigm that will be able to replace human translators will therefore have to be able to operate on both logical and illogical levels at the same time. We cannot know what may happen in the millennia to come, but for the time being this doesn't seem very likely.
MT is translator's friend
Once upon a time, translators wrote on clay tablets. Then came papyri and quills, pens, notebooks, typewriters, personal computers and text editors, CAT tools and finally MT, and the development of technology has always been there to make the translation process easier, but never eliminated the need for professional human translators.
Machine translation is here and it will be here for a very long time. The growing demand for MT also means a growing demand for MT post-editing services. While machines do and will help us translate larger amounts of text for shorter periods, the translated materials do and will require a human touch – editing by a professional translator.
Perhaps one day we will all be flying around the universe in personal spaceships with Babel fish stuck in our ears and communicating with the fellow terrestrials and extraterrestrials telepathically and we will no longer need translators and language teachers. But that day is still very, very distant.
Captain Cookie and the Milk Man, D.C.'s roving dessert delivery truck, is the first vendor up and running inside the new Tastemakers food hall currently taking shape in Brookland.
Complete with its own cookie dough bar, the brand's second brick-and-mortar store (2800 10th Street NE) is scheduled to open Wednesday, December 20. Captain Cookie founders Kirk and Juliann Francis leased out the 8,000-square-foot dining hub, retail space, and communal kitchen this spring.
The warehouse will also include a Benjamin Franklin-inspired bar and six other vendors: Ball or Nothing, DC Vegan, Alchemist Coffee, DC Steakholders, and DC Ballers, as well as a soon-to-be announced breakfast stall. Construction is under way, with rolling openings starting in early 2018.
Captain Cookie's menu in Brookland will include offerings found at its stand in Foggy Bottom such as made-to-order ice cream sandwiches and local milk and ice cream. One enhancement is D.C.'s debut “edible cookie dough bar” with ready-to-eat flavors such as chocolate chip, salted caramel, birthday cake, monster cookie, gingerbread spice, and double chocolate buzz.
The first 100 guests on opening day will get a free cookie with any purchase. There's also a cookies-and-milk happy hour scheduled from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. featuring edible dough samples and raffles. The new Captain Cookie counter is projected to operate from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily.
Brookland is seeing lots of restaurant action as of late, with the arrival of romantic wine bar Primrose and bright newcomer District Space, which hosts various pop-ups from D.C. chefs and bartenders (this weekend it was XII by Johanna's Table).
The Five Biggest Threats to Your Privacy in 2017
Flip Share Pin 7 Shares
In the midst of increasing privacy hysteria following Wikileaks' “Vault 7” leaks, removals of consumer protection by the FCC, and other troubling developments in information technology, it's easy to get demoralized. Seemingly every organized force in technology is working against the interests of the private individual, and each one's efforts gets lost in the deluge.
Also read: Wikileaks Reveals How the CIA Frames Other Countries for Its Hacking Attacks
All of them work to erode individual privacy, however some do more than others. Here's a list of the ones to watch out of the many choices, in order of harm potential:
5. Facebook
Most of the recent fingers pointed at Zuckerberg's monster in recent times have been accusatory on the front of free speech and content curation, not privacy concerns. With the rising phenomenon of tabloids as “fake news” and concerns of algorithmic bias in showing users' content, that finger-pointing is not entirely unwarranted. However, Facebook has and will likely continue to have one of the worst privacy track records in Silicon Valley, and with the publishing of Zuckerberg's Dystopian Manifesto, I'd keep my eyes peeled for more developments from their house.
4. Law Enforcement
The term “privacy breach” immediately draws up images of balaclava-laden Ukrainian men, hunched over their laptops. People immediately go to hackers when they think of information theft. However, there's just as much risk of losing your privacy to the people who supposedly protect you as there is from faceless information brokers thousands of miles away. Law enforcement in the developed world, in addition to becoming increasingly militarized, has begun the widespread information collection and sharing with federal and national authorities. Whether it's consent-free biometric databases, metadata gathering or exploit hoarding on an unprecedented scope, law enforcement everywhere seems to be growing allergic to police work in favor of widespread snooping.
3. the FCC
The FCC has had a love-hate relationship with the protection of individual rights since its inception. From hobbyist broadcast restrictions to net neutrality, it enforces a mixed bag of IT-related regulations. Under the current administration, however, it may become the vehicle for one of the biggest institutional dismantlings of citizens' rights in the 21st century.
2. The ESA
This one might not seem to make sense at first, but the Entertainment Software Association's (ESA) lobbying against the “right to repair” will have direct consequences for information privacy. If precedent is set for protection of circuit diagrams and basic internal functionality as trade secrets, responsible disclosure for hardware solutions will become a living nightmare. Letting it slip that there's a flaw with, say, a router that handles traffic in VPNs could land you in jail. This means the only people who have incentive to find these issues are those looking to exploit them directly. An integral part of privacy in the modern world is security disclosure, and striking down of the right to repair chokes the life out of the movements and people encouraging it. The ESA, directly related to online privacy or not, is one of the biggest threats to those who want to operate without eavesdroppers in the modern world.
1. You
Yes, you. In the end, you are responsible for your own privacy, and blaming multinationals and platforms before taking a long, hard look at how you conduct yourself online is patently hypocritical. You click “yes” on all those draconian terms of service and EULAs. You send sensitive information in plaintext and click less than legitimate email attachments. Ignorance is not now, and will never be an excuse for bad privacy practices online. If you're shouting your personal details in a crowded public place, you can't get mad when a stalker hears your address and comes a'courtin' – that responsibility lies with you first.
That said, plenty of people do due diligence, and giving large corporations and corrupt governments free rein is, at a certain point, victim-blaming. Adults should take responsibility, but so should the people trying to undermine asupervisorstioned adults if they're doing what they can within reason.
Do you agree? What other threats to privacy threats are out there? Let us know.
Images via Pixabay
Flip Share Pin 7 Shares
A common disease of software development is the "not-invented-here" syndrome, a tendency to write new implementations instead of leveraging existing solutions. We then just write it as part of the application we're currently building, thinking it's a small thing. Over time, such helper or utility classes grow as new things are added, but usually stay tightly coupled to the application.
This disease also applies to content management applications. By choosing a CMS, you need to accept not only the language it's written in, but also its editing and administration interface, templating system, databases it supports, and so on. The decoupled content management movement aims to improve this situation.
Focus on the added value
Leveraging existing solutions usually requires greater initial effort from developers, but in the long run the community is enriched by reusable components that focus on doing one task really well, rather than every application having its own mediocre implementation of the same thing.
Using third-party components also creates boundaries, which make it easier to swap them out for different or customized implementations. The Node.js ecosystem is pushing this to the extreme, with many packages consisting of only one or two files.
On a more coarse-grained scale, the same is happening in the PHP world. It is very promising to see major CMS systems focus on their CMS functionality and leveraging a framework to have a solid base. ezPublish 5 is built on the Symfony 2 full stack framework. Drupal 8 leverages many Symfony framework components. Typo3 went in the opposite direction, separating out its framework and releasing it separately.
Still, all of these systems are coupled to a set of specific databases and carry a lot of weight around for their storage.
Content repositories
Content-centric applications have high requirements on their storage backends. The idea of a content repository is to decouple the content storage logic from the actual application. The content repository provides a higher-level abstraction than a classical database. It can be improved separately from the application and provide advanced features like search, versioning, access control on document level, and so on.
Having a clear boundary between the application and the repository allows swapping one repository for another.
For Java, there is the Java Content Repository (JCR) specified in JSR-283. JCR defines an API (and not a protocol) for content repositories. The reference implementation is Apache Jackrabbit, used in the Adobe Experience Manager and by the Magnolia CMS.
JCR has been ported to PHP as PHPCR. The PHP implementation RFDa approach proposed by Henri Bergius annotates the front-end content with semantic information to allow a client-side editing system to identify which parts of the page are editable and how to store them back. With a Javascript library, this allows seamless, inline editing directly in the front-end in a truly WYSIWYG way.
The backchannel to store changes is asynchronous Javascript sending JSON-LD data. Bergius wrote Create.js to demonstrate this idea. Create leverages backbone for storing the data and uses the HTML5 content editable element to load a choice of WYSIWYG editors. Create also handles collections to add or reorder items and supports workflows and plugins.
A decoupled content management system only needs to annotate the content with RFDa and provide an endpoint for the JSON-LD requests.
An illustrating case: The Symfony CMF
The Symfony Content Management Framework is an initiative to provide content management for the Symfony framework in a radically decoupled way. It leverages PHPCR as content repository and Create.js for editing. Even the framework itself is split into small components, allowing a mix-and-match approach of using only what makes sense. It also makes the CMF a good base for building a custom content management system. With the basic building blocks provided, development can focus on the tasks needed for the specific use case.
This approach is an offer to solve the framework versus CMS dilemma. Instead of writing custom applications locked into a specific CMS application or having to reinvent basic CMS functionality, there are clear boundaries to replace those parts of the CMS that are different from standard cases with a custom implementation.
The Open
CMS
This article is part of the The Open CMS column coordinated by Robin Muilwijk. Share your stories about working with open source content management systems (CMS) and platforms like Drupal, Joomla, Plone, WordPress, and more.
Vikings defensive end Brian Robison figured the offseason might give them a break from questions about their future. Not so.
Back in their native Texas, Robison's friends and family members have taken over the role of reporters, continuously asking how much longer they might play.
Related Articles Charley Walters: Twins' latest signing shows they're serious about winning AL Central
Vikings awarded three compensatory picks in 2019 NFL Draft
Vikings' kicking woes are a top priority for new special-teams coordinator
Football lifer Gary Kubiak thrilled to be ‘back in the foxhole' with Vikings
Vikings add two coaches to staff, promote another “It seems like I get asked it every day,” said Robison, who turns 33 on April 27. “Aunts and uncles, people you see every once in a while, when they see you they ask you those things. It's like I'm getting old or something.
“I tell them all the same thing, ‘I really don't know. I just take it day by day and we'll figure out where we're at, at the end of the season.' ”
Robison, who has two years left on their contract, said their “ultimate hope” is to fulfill that deal. He's due to make a base salary of $3.75 million in 2016 and $5.25 million in 2017.
Because the Vikings have an up-and-coming defensive end in Danielle Hunter, Robison knows it's possible the team might ask them to restructure their contract this offseason.
“We all know the NFL is a business,” they said at season's end.
However, Robison said the Vikings have yet to mention the possibility. In fact, general manager Rick Spielman lauded the nine-year veteran at the NFL scouting combine in February.
“Brian played, we thought, very well for us,” Spielman said. “I think they still have a lot of play in him. … They still are not only a valuable football player for us, but extremely valuable from a leadership standpoint.”
Robison was flattered by Spielman's remarks.
“It feels good when a guy like Rick Spielman notices that you're still playing well even if some people are saying, ‘His numbers are down,' ” Robison said.
Robison had eight sacks or better for three straight seasons from 2011-13 before dropping to 4.5 in 2014 and five in 2015. However, Pro Football Focus ranked Robison 19th out of 48 NFL defensive ends last season.
Robison has a salary-cap number of $5.25 million for 2016 and $6.6 million for 2017. They likely will need a banner season to play 2017 under the existing terms of their deal.
“I'm grateful that I'm going to get this year in,” Robison said. “Playing 10 years in one place is obviously something that not a whole lot of people get to accomplish. My whole mindset now is basically on winning a Super Bowl championship and bringing that to Minnesota.”
Robison believes the Vikings' offseason moves will help in that regard. Among free agents joining the team are offensive linemen Alex Boone and Andre Smith, linebacker Emmanuel Lamur and safety Michael Griffin, who played with Robison at the University of Texas.
“I'm pretty excited about Michael Griffin,” Robison said. “I think he's a heck of a player. I know he's going to fit into the mold that (Vikings coach Mike) Zimmer wants at safety, so I'm excited about being back on the field with him.”
Robison will be reunited with Griffin on April 18, when Vikings players report for offseason workouts. For now, Robison is focused on the first major event of the Brian Robison Reel ‘Em In Foundation, taking place Saturday and Sunday at Lake Fork, Texas.
The foundation was created last fall and is a nod to Robison's love of fishing. This weekend's fishing event will raise money for K9s4Cops, which provides trained dogs to law enforcement agencies.
Scheduled to participate are Vikings running back Adrian Peterson and cornerback Terence Newman. Each has provided autographed jerseys for a silent auction, as have quarterbacked Teddy Bridgewater and tight end Kyle Rudolph.
This is a post in our Your Django Story series where we highlight awesome ladies who work with Django. Read more about it here.
Lieke is a Dutch Ambassador for European Codeweek, (co-)organizer of different Rails Girls events in the Netherlands and PyLadies in Amsterdam.  They are a historian, a developer and currently working at VHTO, the Dutch national expert organisation on girls/women and science/technology. They love running, music & cats and is very committed to increase the involvement of women and girls in IT. You can find them in Amsterdam, the Netherlands :)
How did your story with code start?
Well, actually, I only started a couple years ago. I have a background in history, and only after finishing my master thesis, I discovered the joy of coding. Inspired by websites like code.org, Codecademy or Coursera, and people around me, I started reading on the subject and doing more and more development. I fell in love and haven't stopped since then. This enthusiasm led to being involved with PyLadies and Rails Girls.
What did you do before becoming a programmer?
I'm not really a programmer at the moment. I'm still programming, but only in my free time. I worked as a developer for six months and really loved it (!). I eventually decided to switch jobs, because it took me too much time commuting. Now I work for VHTO, the Dutch National Expert Organisation on Girls/Women and Science/Technology. I'm responsible for the DigiVita Code Events, where girls between 8 - 18 learn how to code. Before my job as a developer I was just a history student, trying to find their passion :)
What do you love the most about coding?
I once read a blog from Sam Stokes on what programming is like, I think he's describing it perfectly:
“Programming is like building structures out of Lego, but I never run out of Lego bricks, and if there's no brick with the exact shape that I need, I can make that brick. I can take the structures I build and use them as bricks to build bigger, more ambitious structures. I can build tools out of bricks to help me build quicker. If I build a model city, or a crane for building model cities, I can offer them to millions of people to download and play with, in any part of the world.”
Programming is just awesome :)
Why Django?
Python was the first programming language I ran into. I followed a lot of courses and got excited to build my own web-application. I think Django is a great framework for ‘newbies' because of the supportive community, when you're stuck, there's always someone willing to help you out.
What cool projects are you working on at the moment/planning on working on in the near future?
Right now, I'm very excited about the Code Events I'm organizing for VHTO. There we'll be six events, each in a different city in the Netherlands. It's a big project with a great goal: getting more girls excited for IT!
What are you the most proud of?
I'm proud of a couple things, like building my first real web application all by myself. But I really love the times, at for example code events, when a girl comes up to me and tells me that they are so excited about programming and didn't know that ICT was this awesome (and really not boring at all!). That's when I'm really happy with everything I do :-)
What are you curious about?
That's a difficult question. I'm curious about how the world will be in 10 years: what I'll be doing then, where I'll be living, what languages will I know, everything that the future holds. I'm also curious about a lot of things and topics and I'm trying to learn as much as I can.
What do you like doing in your free time? What's your hobby?
I love running, reading books and spending time with people close to me. Besides that I'm keeping myself quite busy. I'm following university courses in Computer Science, and I'm (co)organizing Rails Girls on different locations in the Netherlands and PyLadies in Amsterdam (including a Django workshop in April!).
Do you have any advice/tips for programming beginners?
Ask yourself, Why do I want go get coding and what do I want to get out of it? Would you like to be able to build your own website? Or are you just curious? Either way, there are so many resources online. You could start at Codecademy and find out if coding is something you'd like. Read some books about coding and start coding yourself. Don't be afraid to break it, learn by doing (break your code, fix it). Keep putting into practice all that you've learned. I'm currently running a website with all kinds of resources to get you started: codepancake.com. Happy coding!
Anna Ossowski @OssAnna16
Thanks Lieke! :)
Brown and Justice mugs
Gustavius Brown, 43, and Jeffery Justice, 37, are charged with capital murder in the death of 71-year-old Linda Allbritton.
BIRMINGHAM, Alabama - Two men charged in the stabbing death of an Avondale woman intended only to rob them to continue a crack binge that had lasted more than a week, a Birmingham police detective testified.
Gustavius Brown, 43, and Jeffery Justice, 37, are charged with capital murder in the death of 71-year-old Linda Allbritton. Birmingham police officials said Justice lived near Allbritton and had befriended them
The co-defendants appeared in court Monday for a preliminary hearing before Jefferson County Circuit Judge Laura Petro.
Birmingham police arrived at Allbritton's home in the 600 block of 39th Street South about 6 p.m. Aug. 31.
Several people tried to get in touch with Allbritton that day. When they couldn't reach her, they went to check on them and found that a screen on the back door had been sliced open, Birmingham police Detective Ivor Sanders testified.
They called police when they found Allbritton lying on the hallway floor. An autopsy showed that they were stabbed four times in the neck and at least once in the back, and also had several broken ribs. Them apartment was ransacked, and their vehicle had been stolen.
Allbritton's credit card was used at a gas station on Arkadelphia Road around 2 a.m. Sept. 1. Officers found their car - a gold Buick Park Avenue - at the nearby apartment complex where Brown and Justice lived on Third Avenue South.
When investigators searched their apartment later, they found stains that looked like blood on a pair of pants, a chair and a steak knife.
Skin found under Allbritton's fingernails was sent to the Department of Forensic Sciences for analysis.
Investigators noticed scratches all over the front and back of Justice's neck. They were in possession of Allbritton's car keys when officers took them into custody.
Brown initially was taken into custody on an outstanding warrant for theft of property and later charged with capital murder.
Both defendants gave statements to police, each saying the other man went inside Allbritton's apartment. Brown told investigators that Justice planned to burglarize their home because they were "on a nine-day crack binge and ran out of money," Sanders testified.
Brown said they acted as a lookout while Justice went inside.
Deputy District Attorneys Mike Anderton and Amanda Kistler represented the state. Justice is represented by Don Colee and Ken Gomany. Brown is represented by Bill Myers and Jeffrey Wallace.
Myers noted that neighbors identified each of the men by looking at a single photo instead of being presented with a photo lineup.
They asked that Brown be bound over on a burglary charge instead of capital murder. They and Colee also asked the judge to set bond in the cases.
Petro bound the cases over to a grand jury and declined to set bond.
Court records show Justice has multiple prior arrests on drug and property crimes. They were convicted of criminal mischief and burglary in 2004 and sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Justice was convicted of possession of a control substance in 2008 and ordered to serve one year of a 75-month sentence.
A Philadelphia Police officer was charged Wednesday with raping a woman in their squad car. (Published Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2011)
A Philly cop was arraigned on rape and various other charges early Thursday morning after they were accused of sexually assaulting a woman inside their squad car while on duty.
Keith Corley II, 27, remains in jail following their 4 a.m. arraignment.
Charges against Corley were filed on Wednesday.
The officer was charged with rape, involuntary deviant sexual intercourse, sexual assault, indecent , assault, indecent exposure and official oppression for the Aug. 11 incident.
Exclusive Video: Philly Cop Charged With Rape
Charges were filed Wednesday against Philadelphia Police officer Keith Corley. Corley II, 27, is accused of sexually assaulting a woman.Sources say investigators gathered DNA from Corley's police car. Read Full Story (Published Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2011)
The victim, a woman in their 30s, told police that they were waiting for a bus near a construction site at 52nd and Market in West Philadelphia, when Corley -- who is assigned to the 18th District -- offered to give them a ride to the 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, police sources said.
The woman said Corley instead took them to the area of the Cobbs Creek recreation center where they allegedly sexually assaulted them while they were partially clad inside their police vehicle, according to police sources.
After the assault they reportedly dropped off the victim in Upper Darby, sources said.
Investigators gathered DNA from the police car and issued a search warrant for Corley's home, sources told NBC10's Monique Braxton.
Sources say Corley, a four-year veteran of the force and a married father of stepchildren, showed up at police headquarters Wednesday on allegations that they lived out of state. While there they were arrested for the alleged assault.
Corley's gun and badge were taken away.  They are suspended for 30 days with the intent to dismiss, according to police.
Image copyright Geograph/Phil Champion Image caption Thirteen men and one youth went on trial at Bradford Crown Court
Thirteen men and a 17-year-old boy have gone on trial charged with 28 sexual offences against an underage girl in West Yorkshire.
Bradford Crown Court heard how "drug dealer" Arif Choudhury, who is not on trial, arranged meetings in Keighley in 2011 between the men and the girl.
The group, all from Keighley and Bradford, are said to have committed many offences in an underground car park in Keighley.
All deny the charges.
The jury heard the "vulnerable" girl, aged 13 and 14 at the time, lived a "chaotic existence".
They were exploited and used for sex which - as well as the underground car park - took place on a lane, behind a container and in parks in Keighley.
They were first raped in May 2011 after telling Mr Choudhury they wanted to stop delivering drugs.
They physically assaulted them and raped them in a churchyard, the court was told.
Michelle Colborne QC, prosecuting, said they then introduced them to other men who had sex with them
"Some were equally nasty in their treatment," Ms Colborne said.
"One or two seemed to be ashamed after the event, but used them nevertheless."
Police found graffiti on the car park wall with their name and some defendants' names.
The court heard they began truanting from school and staying out at night at around the age of 12.
They were officially reported missing from home 71 times over two years and denied to police spending time with Asian men.
At one point they reported being raped but withdrew the allegation.
Ms Colborne said: "At times the girl said 'no', at times they struggled and at times they gave in without saying anything at all. At no times was they consenting to the act."
Ms Colborne said they were "out of their depth" but "too naive" to do anything about it.
Bradford Crown Court heard that on one occasion, aged 14, they were raped by five men.
The group deny 28 offences altogether.
Yasser Kabir, 25, of Belgrave Road, Keighley, denies four counts of rape.
Nazir Khan, 23, of Buxton Street, Keighley and Tauqeer Hussain, 23, of Belgrave Road, Keighley, deny three counts of rape.
Israr Ali, 19, of Devonshire Street West, Keighley, and Hussain Sardar, 19, and Saqib Younis, 29, both of Bradford Street, Lawkholme, Keighley, all deny two charges of rape.
Bilal Ziarab, 21, of Sedgwick Close, Manningham, Bradford, Sufyan Ziarab, 22, of Kendal Mellor Court, Keighley, and Zain Ali, 20, and Faisal Khan, 27, both of Buxton Street, Keighley, also all deny two charges of rape.
Rohail Iqbal, 22, of Skipton Road, Beechcliffe, Keighley, Rohail Hussain, 18, of Hawk Street, Lawkholme, Keighley and a 17-year-old youth all deny one count of rape.
Mohammed Akram, 62, of Holker Street, Keighley, denies one charge of sexual activity with a child under 16.
The trial continues.
I love helping other creatives kick butt in the real world. When I'm not developing the Wonder Forest brand and blog, you can find me teaching in my Watercolour Workshop and creating artwork for products . Visit me on Instagram for behind the scenes bits!
I'm obsessed with Taylor Swift's new album, and I'm not ashamed. I'm also a little obsessed with the recent ‘do she's been sporting and wanted to see if I could recreate it on my own shoulder-length mane. I think it turned out pretty good and wanted to share the steps I took to achieve this look… hint: it's really easy.
My hair is a bit longer than hers, and they have bangs which I do not. I think this style could work for many lengths of hair though because it's all about that front section!
You will need:
styling product like root boosting mousse
1.5″ curling wand. I used the largest barrel from this set
large tooth comb
texturizing or sea salt spray
*note: since it was quite hard to photograph this as I was doing it with the heated hair wand, I'm showing you those steps above using a different barrel that was not attached to the handle*
Step 1 – Create a really deep side part
Step 2 – Add a little root boosting mousse or some styling product to your hair
Step 3 – Start on the side with the least amount of hair and wrap a chunk around the barrel towards your face. Try to keep the hair flat as you wrap it around the barrel.
Step 4 – Continue this process all around that one side of head, grabbing medium to larger sized chunks and curling towards your face.
Step 5 – Grab the section of hair in the front that will be your “bangs”. If you already have bangs, great! If your part is on the opposite side of your writing hand like mine (part is on the left, I am right handed…) take the wand in your opposite hand and then wrap the hair around it away from your face. If it's on the same side as your normal hand, no need to switch hands. This will ensure that the wave of the bangs curls and falls properly.
Step 6 – Continue curling the remainder of that side of hair, this time curling away from your face.
Step 7 – Take a large tooth comb (or your fingers) and gently run it through the curls to break them up and make them less curly and more wavy.
Step 8 – Finish by adding a little bit of texturizing spray or sea salt spray and gently styling it with your fingers. VOILA!
I hope you like the look! You can totally play with this some more if you like, or even try a smaller barrel for a curlier/less subtle look!
As you might, can tell from the cover, this is a reggae compilation – British reggae, specifically. This was reggae made in a time where skinheads could be found skanking to the finest reggae in the land and they had absolutely no association whatsoever to the neo-Nazis that probably pop in to your head when you think of “skinhead.” Promoting racial equality was on the M.O. for the first skinheads – just a fun fact for you. Reggae has evolved from ska and rocksteady, and even gave birth to dub which probably influences more music you listen to than you can shake a stick at, much less realize. Rocksteady, along with its ancestors is one of Jamaica's finest gifts to the world and it's a genre anyone can enjoy, whether they'd like to admit or not. Get your smorgasbord of reggae today with Handsworth Explosion Vol. 1. Check out a preview of eight of the tracks by clicking through the Buy Now link below and see what you think of it. Cheers!
The Details
Underground reggae music from the Handsworth ghetto –
£14.99
Quantity:
Black Symbol, lead by Fatman the main vocalist, producer and founder of the Band, who also went out of their way to form the label of same name, issuing music from peers in the Birmingham ghetto, via D.I.Y. means, escaping the music machine whilst giving the people some outstanding, heartfelt reggae music –
Clearly rooted in Jamaica, the music sounds absolutely authentic to it's core, but there is also a recognisable ‘UK Sound' in this music, the sound of Black struggle in the 70's and 80's Great Britain…
It's a great thing to have this record reissued, giving it a much deserved fresh lease of life once again.
From the deep resonance of ‘Travelling' by Black Symbol to the observational, upbeat ‘Music Business' by Zephania – this is true reggae music, conscious and full of vibes… And most importantly, musically pin-point, on-point.
This one is for the heads who understand, real reggae vibrations!
Limited Edtion.
Served in a great looking sleeve, featuring sleeve notes from way back when.
TRACKLIST:
1.Sceptre – Ancestors Calling
2.Truths & Rights – New Language
3.Black Symbol – Travelling
4. Gerald Love – Jah Children
5. Music Business
B Side:
1.Truths & Rights – The Saddest Moment
2.Black Symbol – Spritual Reggae
3.Gerald Love – Scandal Man
4.Sceptre – Living On Strong
5. Zephania – Free Man
Price $23.42
At the center of the case against Michael Dunn is a disappearing shotgun. The middle-aged software developer claims 17-year-old Jordan Davis threatened to kill them with it during an argument over loud music at a Jacksonville, Florida, gas station in November 2012. But police never found a gun, and no witness reported seeing one.
It seems at least one juror nevertheless found Dunn's story plausible, since their trial ended last week without a verdict on the murder charge related to their shooting of Davis. But it is hard to see how that outcome can be attributed to Florida's "stand your ground" self-defense law, which has been widely blamed for hanging the jury.
The jurors did agree that Dunn was guilty of attempted second-degree murder when they fired at the Dodge Durango in which Davis was riding with three other teenagers. Under Florida's mandatory minimum sentencing rules for crimes involving a firearm, Dunn faces at least 20 years in prison for the attempted murder counts and a related charge, and their prison term could be as long as 75 years if they are required to serve the sentences consecutively.
Prosecutors plan to try Dunn again on the murder charge connected to their shooting of Davis. But there is no evidence that their failure to win a conviction the first time around had anything to do with the fact that Florida does not impose a duty to retreat on people who are attacked in public places, which is the essence of "stand your ground."
Dunn's lawyer did mention that aspect of the law during their closing argument, and it was mentioned again to the jury as part of the standard instruction for a homicide case in which the defendant claims they acted in self-defense. But it did not come up during any other part of the trial, and its relevance is not at all obvious.
Confronted by an angry, shotgun-wielding teenager who had just threatened to kill him, could Dunn simply have gotten into their car and driven away? Maybe. Could they have done so safely, which is a standard condition for the duty to retreat? Probably not.
Given the fishy elements of Dunn's story—the unseen shotgun they never mentioned to their girlfriend, the fact that the teenagers did not shoot back, their failure to call the police—it is surprising that the jurors hung on the murder charge, especially since they could have convicted them of second-degree murder or manslaughter instead of first-degree murder, which requires premeditation. But critics of what The New York Times calls "Florida's expansive self-defense statutes" do not cite any special feature of state law that explains the jurors' disagreement.
Instead the critics tend to focus, as the Times does, on the challenge of deciding whether Dunn reasonably believed they faced a deadly threat that could be neutralized only by shooting Davis. That sort of challenge is not unique to Florida or limited to "stand your ground" states.
The reasonable-belief standard was part of Florida's law before the state legislature eliminated the duty to retreat in 2005, and it is part of self-defense laws in states that New York Times editors no doubt consider more enlightened, such as New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. This standard is not some crazy idea invented by Florida gun nuts; it is the conventional approach in the United States.
As with the George Zimmerman trial, which ended in an acquittal last summer and had even less to do with "stand your ground," the Times has insisted from the beginning that the Dunn case is "another test of Florida's broad self-defense law." Having said that over and over again, the Times ran a post-verdict "news analysis" under the headline "Self-Defense Law Hung Over Florida Jury."
How much evidence did the Times offer to back up that assertion? As much as Michael Dunn offered to back up their claim that Jordan Davis had a shotgun.
Iraqi forces are stalled and suffering heavy casualties in their assault on the last Isis fighters defending close-packed buildings in the Old City of Mosul. Civilian loss of life is very high as US aircraft, Iraqi helicopters and artillery, try to target Isis strongpoints in a small area in which at least 300,000 civilians are trapped and unable to reach safety.
Isis fighters shoot at government troops from houses and then escape quickly through holes they have ordered people to cut in the walls of their homes, leaving them to face retaliatory fire. In a single district of Mosul this week 237 civilians were killed by air strikes, including 120 of them in one house, according to a Kurdish news agency.
The last chapter of the siege of Mosul, which has now been going on for 155 days, is likely to be more bloody than anything seen before. It will certainly end with the capture of the city or what is left of it, raising the crucial question of how far its loss will be a death blow to Isis.
It was the unexpected seizure of Mosul by a few thousand Isis fighters in June 2014 after defeating an Iraqi government garrison 20 times as large, that turned the fundamentalist movement into an international force. At its peak, the self-declared Caliphate ruled an area in northern Iraq and eastern Syria as large as Great Britain.
Isis had always used terrorism directed against civilians as an integral part of its tactics to show strength, spread fear and dominate the news agenda. Its atrocities – scarcely noticed outside Iraq before the fall of Mosul – have always been primarily directed against Shia victims, blown apart as they shopped in markets or took part in pilgrimages. It was only after the intervention of foreign powers in 2014 and 2015 that Isis extended it terrorist campaign outside Iraq and Syria.
There is a thin but definite line connecting what happened in Mosul two and a half years ago and the impulse that led Khalid Masood to carry out their deadly rampage in Westminster this week. In Iraq and Syria, Isis knew that it had to slaughter thousands to spread terror, but in cities like London, Nice, Berlin, Paris and Brussels much smaller attacks would have similar impact. All that was needed was one or more fanatical individuals willing to get killed as a testimony to their faith.
It is this willingness to die for a grotesque belief which has enabled Isis and al-Qaeda to wield so much power from the Tigris to the Thames, well beyond what could be expected from relatively small organisations. In conventional warfare, suicide attacks have enabled them to fight armies equipped with aircraft, tanks and artillery. “I cannot think of a single successful armed opposition offensive in Syria which was not led by suicide bombers,” a military expert told me in Damascus last year. This article is being written in Irbil 50 miles east of Mosul where there were no less than 600 attacks by men driving vehicles packed with explosives in the first six weeks of the Iraqi government offensive that began on 17 October last year.
There is no doubt that the fall of Mosul will weaken Isis, but the extent and permanence of this weakness is uncertain. Isis portrayed its victories in 2014 as a sign of divine intervention on its behalf and used this as a powerful argument to win adherents. But this claim becomes counter-effective when victory on the battlefield is replaced by defeat. The Caliphate today, battered from a dozen directions, no longer looks anything like the Islamic utopia its founders were claiming to establish and was to serve as a model society for Muslims across the world.
The military defeat of Isis in Mosul, combined with the likely loss of its de facto Syrian capital at Raqqa later this year, means that the movement will no longer control a quasi-state more powerful than many members of the UN. At its peak, the Caliphate not only had strong armies but an effective state machine that levied taxes and controlled the lives of five or six million people. Through its propaganda, money and expertise, it could motivate and, to a degree, organise cells and individuals to carry out terrorist acts internationally. As its last urban centres fall and its territories fragment its ability to project its power is much reduced.
But Isis is not going to go entirely out of business and one should not underestimate its capacity to survive. It did so before against the odds in Iraq after 2006, when the surge in US troop numbers and the defection of many Sunni Arab tribes, appeared to have all but eliminated it. At the end of the day it is a sect dependent on a core of true believers and not a regular army whose organisation, once disrupted, cannot be easily rebuilt.
Isis commanders are experienced soldiers who fought as guerrillas before 2014 and can do so again. Moreover, they must always have known that from a military point of view, Mosul was indefensible because of the massive firepower of the US-led air coalition supporting Iraqi ground forces. The same is true in Syria where Isis is fighting the Kurds, backed by the US, and the Syrian army, backed by Russia.
There are already signs that Isis commanders can see the writing on the wall and are moving fighters back into areas outside Mosul north and west of Baghdad where they will fight on. The same process is likely to happen in Syria where Isis is being battered by a myriad of enemies, who do not like each other much but will probably hang together until Isis is defeated.
ORDER IT NOW
The total elimination of Isis and al-Qaeda type movements in Iraq and Syria depends on whether the wars that have torn apart these two countries are coming to an end. Isis and the al-Qaeda clones grew out of the chaos of war in both countries. They also relied on the toleration or covert support of Sunni states like Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar in their early growth period. Without such backing they will have difficulty in doing more than harrying Iraqi and Syrian government forces.
We are seeing the end of Isis in Iraq and Syria as a force powerful enough to threaten established governments in Baghdad and Damascus as it was capable of doing less than three years ago. It is still able to inspire individuals like Khalid Masood to make high-profile terrorist attacks which dominate the headlines for days on end, but they do not seem to have a cell structure in place in Europe to carry out more wide ranging attacks. A purpose of the attention-grabbing atrocities carried out by Isis supporters in capital cities is to give an exaggerated impression of the movement's strength outside its core areas.
Isis is facing battlefield reverses in Iraq and Syria that will make it more and more difficult for it to inspire individuals abroad to kill and to die for its monstrous version of Islam. If peace now returns to the region then these defeats are likely to prove permanent.
An Israeli Internet filtering start-up called GreenTeam has been drafted to help Turkish citizens who are trying to get around their government's bans on Twitter and YouTube — and the call came from Turkish citizens themselves. “On Tuesday we noticed there was a lot of traffic on our servers, more than usual,” GreenTeam CEO David Allouch told The Times of Israel. “A check of the IP addresses connecting to us showed that most of them originated in Turkey — with about 100,000 connections from Turkish users over a 24-hour period.”
Over the past several weeks, Turkish government officials, led by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, have railed against Twitter and YouTube, accusing them of undermining their rule, and calling them “society's worst menace” and “threats to national security.” The bans came after Twitter users sent links to conversations of alleged wiretaps in which Erdoğan instructed their sons to move millions of dollars in cash out of their homes to evade a government corruption investigation. Those conversations were also posted on YouTube.
Allouch didn't set out to foster Internet unrest in Turkey, they said; it's just that the filtering service GreenTeam offers happens to be free, and by using the service's DNS addresses, users can outfox Turkish Internet service providers (ISPs) and get to Twitter, YouTube, or any other sites the Turkish authorities try to ban.
Get The Start-Up Israel's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
A DNS (Domain Name Service) server converts website names into the numerical IP addresses that make up the Internet. Web addresses can be hard to pin down; in order to maximize efficiency, service providers dole them out dynamically, providing extra servers for sites that are popular, and taking those servers down when traffic is slow. Technically, a user needs to have a numerical IP address — like 123.45.67.89 — to connect to a website's server. But since the numbers are constantly changing, ISPs use a domain server, which includes tables that indicate which web address (www.websitename.com) is connected to what IP address at any given time.
GreenTeam's domain server does this, but with a twist: it deletes from its tables any websites and IP addresses that are associated with malware, phishing, and other Internet dangers. Users who replace their computer or router DNS address (usually provided by the ISP) with GreenTeam's are unable to reach sites that have a history of phishing or transferring viruses to users who connect; since they are not on the GreenTeam DNS server, it's as if they don't exist.
The Turkish users, said Allouch, weren't interested in the filtering service offered by GreenTech, but rather in the fact that the service was offering a free, alternative DNS service that they could use that did not ban YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, and the other social media sites they wanted to use. That the mass connection occurred Wednesday morning was also no accident; the day before, Turkish ISPs banned connections to an open DNS server run by Google.
With that outlet closed to them, Allouch said, word of GreenTeam's alternative spread like wildfire within Turkey's apparently very large base of users dissatisfied with the restrictions their government has imposed on them.
Allouch has a soft spot for their new Turkish friends; they themselves is former “black hat” hacker who attacked business and government sites in their native France, and — as part of their penance – served in the French army's cyber-security unit, protecting the country's defense infrastructure from cyber-attacks, which were not uncommon even back in the mid-1990s, when they served. After coming to Israel in 2003, Allouch started Applicure, a cyber-security company, that's now publicly traded.
There's no reason the Turkish authorities can't clamp down on GreenTeam's connection to the country by banning the IP addresses associated with its DNS server, just like they did with Google's. In fact, said Allouch, on Wednesday night, “someone registered to our website and start sending a very high load of requests to slow down or block our DNS servers, also with a Turkish IP address. It is hard to imagine that this is not related to the use of our servers by Turks seeking to get around the government ban. We have blocked that user, but I have a feeling this isn't the end of it.”
A hacker at heart, Allouch is all for the free and open exchange of information and opinions on the Internet, and attempts as censorship, such as that of the Turkish government, get their goat. “We've decided to do what we can to help Turkish users out,” said Allouch. “Starting Thursday we will set up an alternative DNS server without filtering restrictions, specifically for use by Turkish Internet users.”
And if Turkey tries to ban that server, Allouch is ready. “We are going to change the DNS IP address as often as necessary, and get the word out to the Turkish Internet community that we are here to help them,” said Allouch. “If they are turning to us, we have an obligation to help them out.”
The Home Microbiome Project seeks to prove the "dynamic co-associations" between an individual's bacterial fingerprint and the bacteria found in their environment. (Argonne National Laboratory via YouTube)
When you move from one house to another, you take all your bacteria with you. In fact, your family's microbiome (or your eco-system of inner and outer bacteria) lays claim to hotel rooms with hours. Our bacterial signatures are so persistent and so unique, a new study published Thursday in Science reports, that they could even be used in forensic investigations — and eventually become more useful to police than an old-fashioned fingerprint. And the same research that could track down a serial killer could also help you raise healthier kids.
In studying seven families as they moved from one house to another, the microbiologists had one major takeaway: Bacteria move from your body to your living space at incredible speed.
"Everyone thinks hotels are icky," said Jack Gilbert, corresponding author of the study and environmental microbiologist at Argonne National Laboratory, "but when one young couple we studied moved into a hotel, it was microbiologically identical to their home within 24 hours." And unpublished further research reveals that the time frame is even swifter than that. "No matter what you do to clean a hotel room," Gilbert said, "your microbial signal has wiped out basically every trace of the previous resident within hours."
What's more, the researchers were able to determine how many individuals in a family interacted, what rooms they used, and even when they'd last been to one part of the house or another. This has obvious applications in forensic science. "We could go all J. Edgar Hoover on this and make a database of microbial fingerprints of people all over the world," Gilbert said, "and it's far more sophisticated than a standard fingerprint, which is just a presence or absence indication. We can see who they are, where they're from, the diet they're eating, when they left, who they may have been interacting with. It gets pretty crazy."
Gilbert and their colleagues are already working with police in Hawaii, hoping to look at the microbiome left on dead bodies. "If someone is, shall we say, recently and inappropriately deceased," Gilbert said, "we can look at their bacterial colonies and try to identify who the last person to come into contact with them was, and when." Based on some promising animal studies, they said, it could be possible. "An actual fingerprint is rarely left on a body," Gilbert said, "but a microbial fingerprint certainly is."
The Home Microbiome Study has more immediate applications, too. Gilbert, a father of two, hopes that fellow parents will use these and future findings to raise their offspring in healthier microbiomes. Before the age of two, the human microbiome remains in flux. Different species of bacteria compete to gain permanent spots — and once the race is run, you're basically stuck with the winners. Research in animals has shown that bacterial exposure in youth can impact physical and mental development and health for the rest of an organism's life.
"Let's say a kid grows up in an apartment block, without going outside much," Gilbert said. "They're just getting this same human bacteria fed back to them, day after day." More exposure is most certainly the better route. "This study has made a sort of road map, showing how bacteria moves through the home, so you can expose your child to a greater microbial community by hijacking those routes."
For starters, get a dog. Partway through the study, Gilbert did just that. "We saw dogs acting as a super-charged conduit," they said, "transferring bacteria between one human and another, and bringing in outdoor bacteria. They just run around distributing microbes all willy-nilly." Sure enough, their family saw their home's microbiome benefit from the new addition.
We now know that most bacteria are beneficial to us — and that some can even prevent allergies. "Imagine if we could engineer our home environments, optimize our carpeting and air conditioning systems, to bring in the really good bacteria," they said. "If we could allow all children to be exposed to that bacteria that prevents food allergies, that would be amazing." A better bacterial eco-system during childhood could set us up for happier, healthier lives.
Gilbert and their colleagues are now looking at bacterial movement in the home hourly instead of daily, and hope to produce further insight into how colonies in homes and public spaces (particularly hospitals) might be better managed. You can hear more from Gilbert on this week's Science podcast.
OAKLAND (CBS SF) — The head of an investor group that's hoping to build a massive development at the Oakland Coliseum complex that would include a new football stadium for the Oakland Raiders said Tuesday that the next six to eight weeks will be crucial in determining the project's fate.
Floyd Kephart, the lead executive of New City Development LLC, told members of “Save Oakland Sports,” a group that wants to keep the city's three pro sports teams in town, that, “I'm going to play this game until sometime in the first of October.”
Speaking at a breakfast meeting at a restaurant in Jack London Square, Kephart said, “I made a commitment that I won't walk away until we see this through,” referring to the proposed development called Coliseum City.
Kephart, the chairperson of the board of Renaissance Companies, a San Diego firm that advises hedge funds, private equity groups and financial institutions, submitted a detailed plan on Friday to city of Oakland and Alameda County officials who own the Coliseum site.
They said the next step in the process is up to the city and county when their legislative bodies return from their summer recesses in September.
When asked about the odds that their group's plan will succeed, Kephart said, “They're probably 50-50 at best at this stage.”
But they said the odds would increase to 70 to 80 percent if the city of Oakland buys out Alameda County's share of the 120-acre site, which the county has asked the city to do.
Kephart said that's because it would be easier for their development group to deal with one government entity than two.
Even though Kephart said the odds that the plan will succeed are only 50-50 at this point, they insisted, “It can be done despite all the people who say it can't be done.”
Kephart said the key to the investor group's plan is commercial development, saying it would make it economically feasible to build a new stadium for the Raiders, which is estimated to cost $900 million, as well as a new stadium for the Oakland A's baseball team and a new arena for the Golden State Warriors basketball team.
They said he's proposing that the city and county create an infrastructure financing district to channel the taxes from commercial development, which they estimate would be about $20 million a year.
Kephart said some of that money could pay for new sports stadiums, some could pay for affordable housing and infrastructure and some could help the investor group pay off the outstanding debt of more than $100 million at the Coliseum property.
Kephart said their group is also proposing that Oakland's three sports teams own their own facilities, which they said would be more economically feasible than having a third party own the sites.
In addition to new sports stadiums, Kephart said they envision 380,000 square feet of retail that would include technology-based and education-based retail stores and 3,500 housing units.
They said their group's proposal is a long-term plan and will take at least 10 years to fully come to fruition.
But they said they know it's important for the plan to get traction soon because the Raiders, who already are considering moving to Los Angeles, could formally apply to the National Football League in October if Oakland doesn't have a tangible plan by then.
The Warriors are planning to move to San Francisco in time for the 2018-19 season, but Kephart said they think the team would reconsider if it could own its own arena in Oakland.
Oakland City Councilman Larry Reid, who represents the East Oakland district where the Coliseum complex is located and is the chair of the board that oversees the Coliseum's operations, said Kephart “didn't say much” in terms of specific details in their presentation Tuesday.
Reid said he's waiting to see what's in the documents the investor group submitted to the city and the county.
“I'd like to see a plan that would take care of our sports franchises but wouldn't use a lot of public money,” they said.
© Copyright 2015 by CBS San Francisco and Bay City News Service. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Portland Timbers acquired Danny Mwanga on June 6, 2012, from the Philadelphia Union in exchange for Jorge Perlaza in a deal seen at the time -- and since -- as a rather lopsided trade. Philly would later drop Perlaza from the squad, but Mwanga stuck around Portland for the remainder of the season.
A graduate of both Jefferson High School and Oregon State University, the local boy was an immediate fan favorite, but they had a tough time cracking the starting XI after their first few weeks with the team. Mwanga ended up only starting seven times and appearing eighteen times during their stint with the Timbers.
They will be best remembered for their three goals, all scored against the San Jose Earthquakes, including a brace on September 19 in San Jose. Their goal celebration dance was memorable as well -- tongue wagging, hips swaying, fingers pointing, arms ... cavorting, and ending with a sort of chin-up motion. Once their teammates figured out what the hell they were doing, they joined in as well. It was awesome.
Ultimately, though, the team had too many young strikers with loads of potential who just needed a bit more maturity and consistency to be successful. Given the chance as a midfielder as well as a striker during the preseason, Mwanga sadly wasn't able to impress their coaching staff enough to keep him, and they sent them away in exchange for a 2015 SuperDraft pick.
I'm pretty confident that someday Mwanga, with their deft footwork, size, and speed, will be a solid MLS caliber striker, but it may take some time for them to develop the vision and maturity to realize that potential.
We wish Danny all the best as they continue their career in Colorado.
As with every appreciation thread, please consider our Appreciation Thread Etiquette:
1. Be respectful to the player. Nobody is perfect.
2. Focus on what they did well while with the club.
3. Save harsh criticisms for other posts concerning them. It's not uncommon for these players to actually read these threads.
4. If you have nothing nice to comment, please do not comment at all.
UFC light heavyweight champion Daniel Cormier was already on record accusing Jon Jones of being a life-long cheater before Alexander Gustafsson this week also said they believe “Bones” used performance-enhancing drugs before their Sept. 2013 fight at UFC 167.
In a Wednesday appearance on FS1, Cormier (19-1 MMA, 8-1 UFC) not surprisingly sided with Gustafsson, adding that they believe Jones (22-1 MMA, 16-1 UFC) tried to get away with using PEDs ahead of their UFC 200 fight before it was canceled. Cormier also explained how the presence of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency will now force Jones to be clean for their July 29 rematch at UFC 214.
“You heard Alexander Gustafsson now is saying they believe that Jon was enhanced throughout their career,” Cormier said, via MMAFighting.com. “But before, we had no sanctioning body like USADA. USADA now is on top of all that, so I do believe that we will see a different fighter in Anaheim, because I do believe he'll have to be clean this time, otherwise he'll be caught.”
Cormier said they believe Jones, coming off a suspension at the time, wasn't happy with their lackluster performance in a win over Ovince Saint Preux at UFC 196. As a result, that motivated Jones' alleged actions ahead of last July's UFC 200, according to Cormier.
“I think they fought Ovince Saint Preux clean, and they didn't like the way they felt,” Cormier said, “and tried to do something again dirty, and they got caught at UFC 200.”
As a result, Jones was suspended for one year. They cited sexual enhancement medication as the reason for a failed drug test, though he's never admitted to knowingly cheating.
The Cormier rematch will mark Jones' first fight in 15 months, all the while Cormier has fought four times, all victories. That includes winning the title and defending it twice, most recently last month at UFC 210 with a submission victory that sent Anthony Johnson into retirement.
For more on UFC 214, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
Donald Trump Jr. has offered three different explanations over the course of three days for why they met with a Kremlin-linked Russian lawyer two weeks after their father secured the 2016 Republican presidential nomination.
That Trump's eldest son took the meeting at Trump Tower, with their brother-in-law Jared Kushner and Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort in tow, in the hopes of digging up dirt on their father's likely presidential opponent shows that some Trump campaign figures had no qualms about accepting help from a Russian national. The news comes as a special counsel, as well as four congressional committees, are probing Russia's interference in the 2016 election and whether anyone associated with the Trump campaign colluded with Russian operatives.
When The New York Times first broke the news Saturday about the meeting, which took place on June 9, 2016, Trump Jr. offered no indication that it was related to the presidential campaign.
“It was a short introductory meeting,” they said in a statement to the newspaper. “I asked Jared and Paul to stop by. We primarily discussed a program about the adoption of Russian children that was active and popular with American families years ago and was since ended by the Russian government, but it was not a campaign issue at the time and there was no follow up.”
“I was asked to attend the meeting by an acquaintance, but was not told the name of the person I would be meeting with beforehand,” they added.
The lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, has campaigned heavily against the Magnitsky Act, which imposed sanctions on 18 Russian officials believed to have committed human rights violations. It was named after a Russian lawyer and auditor who died mysteriously in prison after exposing wide-scale corruption in the Putin government. Russia retaliated against the United States for the law, imposing similar sanctions on 18 U.S. officials and banning Americans from adopting Russian children.
Though adoptions are a pet issue of Veselnitskaya's, Trump Jr. conceded Sunday that issue was not why they actually agreed to the sit-down. After three unnamed advisers to the White House briefed on their meeting and two additional anonymous sources spoke to the Times, Trump's son explained that they were told Veselnitskaya would have “information helpful to the campaign” to offer him.
Reiterating that they did not know Veselnitskaya's name ahead of time, Trump Jr. gave a different account of what they said was a 20-30 minute meeting.
“After pleasantries were exchanged, the woman stated that they had information that individuals connected to Russia were funding the Democratic National Committee and supporting Ms. Clinton,” they said in a Sunday statement to the Times. “Her statements were vague, ambiguous and made no sense. No details or supporting information was provided or even offered. It quickly became clear that they had no meaningful information. They then changed subjects and began discussing the adoption of Russian children and mentioned the Magnitsky Act.”
As Trump Jr. themselves clarified, once they learned that Veselnitskaya did not possess information relevant to the 2016 election, they felt that the meeting was a waste of time.
“It became clear to me that this was the true agenda all along and that the claims of potentially helpful information were a pretext for the meeting,” they said in the statement.
Veselnitskaya, for their part, told the Times that “nothing at all about the presidential campaign” was discussed during their conversation.
Trump Jr. divulged even more information about the motivation for their meeting on Monday, saying explicitly that they believed Veselnitskaya had “info about an opponent.”
Obviously I'm the first person on a campaign to ever take a meeting to hear info about an opponent… went nowhere but had to listen. https://t.co/ccUjL1KDEa — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 10, 2017
They also denied that there was anything unusual about their differing accounts of the meeting, tweeting that, “In response to further Q's I simply provided more details.”
No inconsistency in statements, meeting ended up being primarily about adoptions. In response to further Q's I simply provided more details. https://t.co/FdT1D4hfhz — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 10, 2017
Substance aside, the Veselnitskaya meeting also contradicts Trump Jr.'s assurance to the Times in March that they never attended any meetings “set up” with Russian nationals as a campaign surrogate or ever discussed government policies connected to Russia.
For now, it seems, the eldest Trump son will have to stake out their own defense. The President's private legal team has denied that they had any knowledge of the meeting, and though they fired off a fusillade of tweets Monday morning, including one defending their daughter Ivanka, they made no mention of the reports about their son.
LOGAN, Utah -- Utah State is no longer asleep on offense. Given how tough the Aggies already are defensively, that's bad news for teams in the Mountain West Conference.
Air Force learned that lesson the hard way. USU scored on the game's first play and put two touchdowns on the board within five minutes en route to a 34-16 victory over the Falcons on Saturday night.
Darell Garretson threw for 298 yards and two touchdowns on 20-of-29 passing and rushed for another score to lead the onslaught. It marked another strong game for the sophomore, who took over as the full-time starter four games into the season after Chuckie Keeton suffered a season-ending knee injury for the second consecutive year.
"The number one stat for a quarterback at the end of the day is wins," Utah State coach Matt Wells said. "He keeps winning. That's the most important thing. He's been very consistent throwing the football just looking at the numbers. He's being stingy with the ball."
Once again, Garretson's top target ended up being Hunter Sharp, who finished with 164 yards and two touchdowns on 12 receptions to help the Aggies (4-2, 1-0 Mountain West) win their second straight game.
Sharp had more than 100 yards receiving for the fourth consecutive game.  They are the first Aggie receiver to accomplish that feat since Kevin Curtis had five consecutive games with more than 100 receiving yards in 2001.
"The biggest thing for me is that we get the win," Sharp said. "That just comes with it. It's a blessing. It's happening so fast, but I love it." On the other side of the ball, Zach Vigil tallied a career high 22 tackles, including eight for loss. They highlighted an aggressive defense that kept Air Force from generating any real offensive momentum for four quarters.
Kale Pearson threw for 169 yards and rushed for 43 more to lead the Falcons (4-2, 1-2 MW) who fell behind early after a mistake filled first half.
The Aggies forced four turnovers during the first and second quarter and scored 10 points directly off those miscues.
"That's just our mentality," Vigil said. "We want to get three turnovers per game, so having four in the first half is huge. We want to play aggressive and fly around to the football. I think we did that."
Utah State scored on the game's first play. Sharp hauled in a pass near midfield and raced untouched down the middle of the field for a 75 yard touchdown. They hauled in their second touchdown catch, a 23-yard grab, to put the Aggies ahead 14-0 less than five minutes into the game.
Air Force set up Sharp's second touchdown with its first turnover. Defensive end Jordan Nielson scooped up the ball after D.J. Johnson fumbled it at the Falcon 43-yard line.
Another fumble cost Air Force points on its next drive. Jalen Davis hit Pearson as they neared the goal line and popped the ball out of their arms before they could break the plane. It resulted in a touchback for the Aggies.
Air Force finally got on the board with a pair of field goals from Will Conan, who hit from 27 and 34 yards to cut Utah State's lead to 14-6 with 13:13 left in the second quarter.
That's as close as it got for the Falcons. Utah State forced two more turnovers during the quarter and pulled away before halftime.Nick Vigil punched it in from eight yards out to put the Aggies ahead 21-6. Vigil then intercepted Nate Romine two plays later to set up a 46-yard field goal from Nick Diaz.
Utah State tacked on a fourth touchdown right before halftime when Garretson scored on a 17-yard keeper to make it 31-6 with :47 remaining in the half.
"Their run defense makes it tough," Air Force coach Troy Calhoun said. "They are a quality team. For us to get better, we need to block better and got to run better."
Air Force finally scored its first touchdown when Shayne Davern plowed into the end zone on an eight-yard run to make it 31-13 with 21 seconds left in the third quarter.
The Falcons had a chance to turn momentum completely in their favor early in the fourth. Jacob Onyechi blocked a punt to give Air Force the ball at the Utah State 14-yard line. On the following possession, Troy Timmerman stripped the ball from JoJo Natson and recovered it at the Aggie 45-yard line.
Utah State's defense limited the potential damage. The Aggies held Air Force to a 22-yard field goal from Conant after the blocked punt, then forced a punt four plays after Natson's fumble and tacked on a 35-yard field goal to make it 34-16 with 8:15 left.
"I don't think it was about early momentum," Calhoun said. "We had three good scoring opportunities and only came away with six points."
DETROIT, MI - Hockeytown is back, as it is red and raging as ever. But the question looms for parents across Metro Detroit: Do you dare the stares, glares and glowers of other fans if you take your bouncing bundle of joy with you to a game?
That depends. The issue of whether children should attend ANYTHING looms for every Mom and Dad. When the kids are babies, most tend to subscribe to the loaf-of-bread philosophy – would say bread have the same level of enjoyment at an event as the baby would? If so, you probably need a sitter or to just stay home. Get used to it, parents. Fun as you knew it is, for all intents and purposes, largely over.
That said, the Detroit Red Wings want you at their games (
). The organization is welcoming to fans of all ages, and there are Kids Clubs and family friendly pricing on ticket packages for a reason. For example, there are Meijer Coke Zero Family Packs, which get you two tickets, two hot dogs and two soft drinks for $54. That's a pretty fair price to see a professional game and enjoy a meal together – considering taking the same kid to see “Rise of the Guardians” is going to cost pretty much the same when you add popcorn or nachos to the deal.
Here are some tips from veteran parents to get you going:
Try a warm-up event first. Maybe check out a Grand Rapids Griffins game or the Great Lakes Invitational tourney at the Joe. These smaller events give you a chance to see how the kid will fare inside such a noisy, chaotic spot without dolling out so much money. The GLI game on Feb. 2 between the University of Michigan and Michigan State University collegiate hockey teams starts at a convenient 4:05 p.m., so it won't mess with bedtime. And the rivalry between those teams, the quality of the coaches and the skill of the players are reasonably close to a pro team.
Think about parking. Try a surface lot a bit further away from the Joe. There are great lots on Congress next to the People Mover station in the Financial District. Other ideas are those near Greektown or the Renaissance Center. The prices are better, and the kids will love riding the People Mover (really, for them, it's a treat. Just remember your quarters!).
Try eating somewhere nearby before going into the arena. Kids are little engines. Put some coal in, and they'll chug along nicely. Forget to feed them, and get ready for a temper tantrum right before the puck drops. Plus, there are plenty of family-friendly bars near Joe Louis where you can pick up a pizza or hot-dog dinner for a reasonable price. Consider Hockeytown restaurant to see the memorabilia there, and the Grand Circus People Mover station.
If you're willing to plan ahead, set up a reservation at The Signature Grill, a restaurant adjacent to the Joe at Riverfront Towers apartments. You can typically park at the apartment garage if you've got your name in with the restaurant. The food's not overly expensive, especially if you do just a couple appetizers and drinks. Plus, there is an amazing view of the Detroit River and Canada to keep everyone happy. There also is an indoor tunnel to walk to the game. You'll be out of there and home in your PJs before most fans have even started their cars.
Look for end seats. If you have a choice, try to sit in a position where constant trips to the bathroom or for snacks won't bother your fellow patrons. Nothing creates more animosity among fans than being stepped over constantly.
Monday , December 5
Peyton Manning
Legendary quarterback Peyton Manning, the NFL's only five-time Most Valuable Player and a 14-time Pro Bowl selection, earned their place among the greatest quarterbacks in league history as a leader in nearly every statistical passing category.
During the 2015/2016 season, Manning led the Denver Broncos to a 24-10 win over the Carolina Panthers in Super Bowl 50, making them the first starting quarterback in NFL history to win a Super Bowl with two different teams.
Manning entered the NFL in 1998 with the Indianapolis Colts as the first overall draft pick. They amassed the most career touchdown passes in league history in addition to ranking first all-time in wins by a starting quarterback (200), completions and passing yards.
Named a first-team All-Pro selection by the Associated Press on seven occasions, Manning owns more postseason berths and 300-yard passing games than any quarterback in NFL history. A native of New Orleans, they were named the No. 1 greatest athlete to hail from the state of Louisiana by The Times-Picayune.
In 2013, Manning was named Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated. In their first year with the Broncos in 2012—and after missing the entire 2011 campaign with a neck injury—Manning finished as the Associated Press NFL Comeback Player of the Year and runner-up for the league's MVP.
During their first 14 NFL seasons with the Colts, Manning set club records in nearly every career passing category. They led the franchise to its first World Championship in 36 years during the 2006 season, earning MVP honors in the Colts' 29-17 win over the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XLI.
During their time at the University of Tennessee, Manning epitomized the term “student-athlete.” They claimed 43 records at the school, conference and national levels while graduating with Phi Beta Kappa honors.
They led Tennessee to an SEC Championship as a senior in 1997 and earned consensus All-America honors. Following their senior season, Manning was honored with the Sullivan Award for the nation's top amateur athlete based on character, leadership, athletic ability and the ideals of amateurism.
Manning attended Isidore Newman High School in New Orleans, where they were named Gatorade Circle of Champions National Player of the Year and Columbus (Ohio) Touchdown Club National Offensive Player of the Year as a senior.
For their actions off the field, Manning was honored as the recipient of the Byron “Whizzer” White Humanitarian Award and the NFL's Walter Payton Man of the Year in 2005 as well as the Bart Starr Award in 2015.
Major news has come in for any supplement fans and brands making or competing against products that contain the stimulant DMAA. The news is about a case between the United States of America and Hi-Tech Pharmaceuticals, and that the latter is no longer allowed to produce any DMAA containing supplements.
The important words from the court file are,
“Hi-Tech is prohibited from, directly or indirectly through third parties, manufacturing, distributing or selling adulterated foods or misbranded drugs, including but not limited to products containing DMAA or its chemical equivalent. This includes but is not limited to: purchasing or receiving DMAA ingredients, and manufacturing, processing, packaging, marketing, or distributing food or dietary supplement products containing DMAA or its chemical equivalent.”
The reason this has all come about is that Jared Wheat of Hi-Tech Pharmaceuticals has been indicted for fraud, money laundering, and controlled substances charges. The stop on the production of DMAA supplements is then a condition of Wheat's release from custody.
There are a lot of other things that have gone on in and around this, but the order for Hi-Tech to stop production of DMAA appears to be the biggest news. The main reason we feel that, is because it affects a large amount of people that both use, sell, and compete against those supplements.
A regime in thrall to Moscow is forced out by a popular uprising; the Kremlin promises not to intervene, and even announces a troop withdrawal. Within days, Russian forces stealthily begin to move in, then pour across the border. A whole swath of territory is reincorporated into what Ronald Reagan called "the evil empire."
The place was Hungary; the year was 1956; the American president was Dwight Eisenhower, who expressed "shock and dismay" at the Soviet invasion, but refused an armed American response. It was simply too dangerous, too unthinkable, in the atomic age—unless the most vital of U.S. interests were at stake. Even then, Ike once angrily explained to their hawkish advisor Lewis Strauss: "There's just no point in talking about 'winning' a nuclear war."
In fact, the Eisenhower administration had misread and then mismanaged the early and successful steps of the Hungarian revolt, at first denouncing its leader Imre Nagy on Radio Free Europe as a Soviet "Trojan horse," in the phrase of the Eisenhower biographer Peter Lyons. Nagy would subsequently be hanged after a secret, Soviet-dictated trial. And the Kremlin ordered massive forces in as revolutionaries prompted by American "propaganda," Lyons writes, pressured Hungary to the "right"; the new regime had suddenly threatened to withdraw from the Warsaw Pact.
As the uprising was crushed, President Eisenhower even declined to impose sanctions—which would have had far less impact then, when the Soviet Union was economically isolated to a considerable extent. Ironically, at the same time, they did countenance sanctions against Britain and France to compel troop withdrawal from Egypt, which they had invaded to seize control of the Suez Canal. The sanctions continued after a cease-fire; Eisenhower was adamant: They wouldn't be lifted until the invading troops were gone. The British and French, who would soon leave, in the meantime, had to impose oil rationing.
But whatever mistakes their administration may have made, at the heart of the matter, the fundamental question of intervention against the Soviets, Eisenhower was restrained—and eminently right. Barack Obama has followed that path in Ukraine, and so has every other American president confronted with a similar move from Moscow. And while sanctions today may have more bite, even they are unlikely to last. There are too many vital issues on the table—from Iran to Syria to arms control—just as there were when Ike's Vice President Richard Nixon visited Moscow in 1959, and Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev was invited to tour the U.S. a few months later and just 15 months after Imre Nagy was hanged.
It isn't pretty, but it's realpolitik. To Eisenhower, and their successors, the bottom line has been the same: increasing the chance of nuclear conflict is unacceptable when Soviet or Russian misconduct, however shameful or egregious, affects the near periphery of Moscow's influence and the less urgent bounds of America's interests. (As Suez demonstrated, it was a lot easier to be tough on allies than on a potentially mortal adversary.)
Thus Lyndon Johnson, as they reported in their memoirs, decided "there was nothing we could do immediately" about the 1968 Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia—and the non-immediate response would "be no announcements about [Johnson] visiting the Soviet Union or...nuclear talks." Not long after, Nixon, now president in their own right, reprised the Eisenhower model, opening intense arms control negotiations with the Soviets and making their own historic visit to Moscow.
And what of George W. Bush, who had famously said of Vladimir Putin: "I looked them in the eyes; I found them to be very straightforward and trustworthy…”?
Bush took carefully modulated steps when Putin straightforwardly invaded the nation of Georgia in 2008. They dispatched some ships to the region along with humanitarian aid and, like LBJ, deferred planned discussions on nuclear weaponry.
The playbook is pretty clear. Bush followed it and that was it—despite the provocative comment of their party's presidential nominee John McCain that "we are all Georgians" and McCain's wish that Georgia was a member of NATO, which would have mandated American military action.
To be sure, the world is different than it was in 1956. Russia is not the Soviet Union, but the impulse to empire or at least to dominate its sphere of influence remains—and so does its arsenal of 1,800 operational strategic nuclear weapons. In an interconnected world, denying visas to Russian officials and oligarchs will hurt them—and imposing economic sanctions could damage a "Russian economy…already slumping toward a recession."
But Western European enterprises, and to a lesser extent American ones, have major interests in Russia and Russian trade—and Russian natural gas powers warm much of
the continent from Prague to Berlin and Rome. Moscow can deploy its own sanctions. And again, would sanctions last in the face of other dangers? To put it bluntly, which is more important to our national future: slapping the Kremlin or preventing a nuclear Iran, an outcome which depends on a measure of Russian cooperation?
There is one other difference here that counts, and it doesn't argue for armed force or a new and prolonged Cold War: Crimea, whose official annexation to Russia may now be inexorable, has a population that is nearly 60 percent ethnically Russian, and only 24 percent Ukrainian. Unlike Hungary, what's happening there is not a revolt against Moscow, but a popular movement to return to and ratify Russian rule.
In a sense, the present crisis is the unhappy posthumous gift of Khrushchev, who also brought us the most dangerous confrontation in history: the Cuban missile crisis. To commemorate the 300th anniversary of Crimea "joining" the Russian Empire, Khrushchev issued a decree in 1954 that instantly lifted the peninsula out of the Russian Soviet Republic and "gave" it to the Ukrainian Soviet Republic. The gift was a cynical, symbolic, and contentless gambit in a monolithic USSR. But with the dissolution of the Soviet Union, an independent Ukraine took with it millions of Russians—many of them resentful ever since, many in Crimea now who, as Putin's agents exploited their feelings, were provoked to resistance by the rise of an apparently anti-Russian central government in Kiev. There are Crimeans who won't vote to leave Ukraine, but they are a minority.
None of this—or the presence of the Russia's Black Sea naval base on the peninsula—justifies Putin's breach of international borders and international law. But past aggressions against Hungary, Czechoslovakia, and Georgia were plainly Illegal as well. President Obama, like other presidents before him, has reacted in a proportionate way that recognizes what's possible, what's prudent, and what's essential to advancing larger American purposes and avoiding a great power conflict with unpredictable and even catastrophic consequences.
This hasn't deterred Republicans, who either don't know the history or treat it with the same disdain they have for other stubborn facts, from reverting to their first instinct, to blame Obama first—in this case, for what Russia has done, and then for not doing enough to counter and reverse it.
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who at least temporarily derailed their presidential hopes by signing onto rational immigration reform, now hopes to redeem themselves on the right with calls "to punish Russia.” This is, they add, "a critical moment in world history." Compared to what? And what are Rubio's answers? Obama has to "understand... that [the Russians] can't be trusted." Okay—and then what? Throw Russia out of the G-8 and then force Moscow to veto a resolution in the UN Security Council. Well, that will turn things around—and in any event, the president and other Western leaders are already on course to boycott the G-8 meeting in Sochi. What they won't do is permanently exile Russia from a globalized economy—we almost certainly can't—or trigger a new arms race.
Tennessee Republican Bob Corker asserts that Obama's turn away from air strikes on Syria let Putin see “weakness"—and "these are the consequences." What is the logic here? The United States could have struck Syria with virtual impunity. Would that have led Putin to worry that we would bomb Russian forces moving into Crimea—that Obama would defy the lessons of six decades and assume the Russians would not fire back?
Then there is the Tea Party-primaried Senator from South Carolina, Lindsey Graham, who seems to have a chronic case of Benghazi brain. "It [ the takeover of Crimea] really in many ways... started when our consulate was overrun and our ambassador was killed…" The claim is so far-fetched, so insensitive, so untethered to any sensible analysis that the conservative blogger Michelle Malkin rebuked Graham—and reminded them of Putin's 2008 assault on Georgia.
Riding any anti-Obama hobby horse is endemic to today's GOP. John McCain—Lindsey Graham is their tutee and their mini-me—weighed in with a warning that: "Every moment the United States and our allies fail to respond sends the signal to President Putin that they can be even more aggressive in their military intervention in Ukraine." But questioned by NBC's Andrea Mitchell about what they would do, McCain had to concede: "I do not see a military option and that is tragic.” McCain seems never to have met a war they didn't yearn for America to be involved in. As someone who spent time with them in their 2008 campaign put it, they would have been an impulsive, perilous president.
In contrast, House Speaker John Boehner just grabs at the nearest strawman. They have a solution—“dramatically expedite the approval of U.S. exports of natural gas" to replace Russian supplies in Europe and deprive Putin of earnings "to finance their geopolitical goals." As the Washington Post Wonkblog points out, this wouldn't work without "a natural gas teleporter."
Why? "[N]o matter how fast the administration approves new projects, they would take several years to build”—and the prices might not be competitive with Russian pipelines, which carry their supplies "cheaply" to Europe. Boehner's "idea" looks like a classic instance of passing political gas. The next thing you know, they will suggest that a 51st house vote to repeal Obamacare will deliver a strong message to Vladimir Putin to get out of Crimea.
On Ukraine, Republicans who would attack Obama for anything have offered reactions that range from empty, expedient, and incoherent bellicosity to sheer inanity. And the spasms of Republican recrimination have been profoundly ahistorical. For the better part of the century, American presidents have comprehended that not every injustice can be redressed or redeemed by inviting even greater tragedy. This year, the 100th anniversary of World War I, is a time to remember the words of Barbara Tuchman, who in their book The Guns of August chronicled the onset of that conflict, a conflict no one wanted and where no one foresaw the endless horrors to come. Tuchman wrote: "War is the unfolding of miscalculations."
Not on Ike's watch—or Barack Obama's.
Pope Francis has been praised for all the very positive things they have been saying since taking over the papacy last year. They welcome non-believers into Heaven as long as they are "good people," they told the Church to back off on fighting against marriage equality, and they derided capitalism as dehumanizing, saying "we ... have to say 'Thou shalt not' to an economy of exclusion and inequality. Such an economy kills." Critics of the new pope point out this is nothing more than propaganda and remind us that out of all the great things the pope has said, no changes to Church doctrines have been put forth.
Pope Francis has spoken a few times about the Church's sex abuse scandals, but as their critics have pointed out, they had done little to stop sex abuse or change the Church's actions, until now. This week, the pope appointed a commission to solve the "sex abuse problem," Earning them praise for taking what many see as a serious step towards resolving these issues.
But is this really a step? Can a Vatican-appointed commission bring about real change and be trusted to give a non-biased and honest report about the scale and severity of the abuse and offer real solutions that will be accepted by the Church?
Not everyone seems to agree that this is a great step forward. Former Maine State senator and president of SecularityUSA, Sean Faircloth, took to their Twitter account to say:
"Pervert Priest victims want Papal ACTION protecting kids: "expose predators, discipline enablers & uncover cover-ups." A Commission? Please."
While it remains to be seen what this commission can accomplish under the guidance of the Vatican, many are optimistic, mainly because of the team the pope has put together includes a woman who was a victim of sex abuse by a priest. The panel consists of four women and four men. However, it should be pointed out that three of the four men are clerics themselves, with direct ties to the Church and possible ties to sex-abuse cases.
Maybe the viability of the panel can be deduced from those the pope has chosen to lead the way. Cardinal O'Malley from Boston, the only American on the panel, is said to bring great credibility as an outspoken advocate for action on the sexual abuse issue. Also named is Rev. Humberto Miguel Yáñez, a Jesuit who heads the moral theology faculty at Rome's Jesuit-run Gregorian University; Fr. Thomas Rosica, a Canadian member of the Holy See and the founding Chief Executive Officer of Canada's first national Catholic television network Salt and Light Catholic Media Foundation; Claudio Papale, "an Italian canon law professor and official of the Vatican's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, which handles sex abuse cases,"; and Fr. Hans Zollner of Germany who leads the Centre for Child Protection at the Institute of Psychology of the Pontifical Gregorian University.
Among the female commission members is Hanna Suchocka, a constitutional law professor and former prime minister of Poland.  They are also the recipient of several awards for their work on human rights. The other women on the panel are Marie Collins, who was raped by a priest at the age of 13, Catherine Bonnet, a well-regarded child psychologist who has published works on child sexual abuse, and Baroness Sheila Hollins, president of the British Medical Association.
Appointing women to the panel seems to be a big step for the Church, given its centuries-long sexist history of keeping women from holding positions of power or priesthood in the Church itself. It is not too far-fetched to suggest the inclusion of women on the commission is just more public relations propaganda from the Church.
John L. Allen Jr. of the Boston Globe disagrees and sees this inclusion as more than a PR stunt. They write:
"Clearly, these women aren't window-dressing. They're accomplished advocates and experts, with deep experience of getting things done both in secular circles and in the Church. Francis presumably tapped them because of their personal qualifications, but they can't be blind to the fact that this also amounts to a down payment on their pledge to boost women's roles."
So the women are more than qualified for their historic roles on this commission, but it remains to be seen if they will be taken seriously or if the clerics on this panel will drown out their work.
For now, proponents and critics will have to wait. Naming a commission is one thing, but it is nothing until it presents recommendations upon which the Vatican takes action. Those who desperately await long-sought-for justice have only this commission as their hope for answers, justice, and reform.
If this commission is unable to produce results, the Vatican's already-crumbling image will not have much left to save it. Decades of cover-ups and lies have taken their toll on the Church and have brought its credibility into question. Many looked for Pope Benedict to take serious action and they failed to accomplish anything in the way of reform, something many credit as the reason for their resignation as Pope.
Now all eyes are on Francis, the man to whom the Catholics are looking to save their Church and bring it in step with the rest of the modern world. The Church's attitude towards women in the Church, women's reproductive rights, homosexuality, marriage equality, capitalism and poverty and many other social issues that have evolved over time throughout the world, seem to have been frozen in time inside the Vatican.
Francis knows the Church's numbers are in decline and they are attempting to fill the Churches with younger bodies. This smacks of desperation, leading their critics to question their motives, but all we can say now is time will tell.
President Obama is lending their political heft to Terry McAuliffe's campaign for Virginia governor while Republican Ken Cuccinelli is flying from airport to airport in search of votes.
McAuliffe and Cuccinelli planned the final Sunday of their bitter campaign trying to motivate their most ardent supporters for an election that is going to be decided by the few Virginians who choose to vote on Tuesday. The state Board of Elections chief says turnout could be as low as 30 percent of registered voters and the campaigns see 40 percent turnout as the ceiling.
Polls show McAuliffe ahead and campaign finance reports show a dramatically lopsided dynamic, with the Democrats far outraising and outspending Cuccinelli and their allies. Television airtime was tilted in McAuliffe's favor by a 10-to-1 margin.
Obama's final-hours effort is slated to take place near Washington.
McAuliffe, the former Democratic National Committee chairperson, has had help from former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton. Current DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz planned to join McAuliffe later Sunday, and Vice President Joe Biden is to do their part on Monday.
Cuccinelli, meanwhile, planned rallies at airports throughout the state, hopscotching from airfield to rally their supporters.
Cuccinelli, Virginia's attorney general, has turned to their tea party base in the final weeks.
Cuccinelli was the first attorney general to sue to stop the Democrats' health care law and, while unsuccessful, the move made them somewhat of a hero to those deeply conservative voters.
Cuccinelli campaigned Saturday with Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus. Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and former Texas Rep. Ron Paul, a libertarian favorite, were set to join them in the final days.
US Ambassador to Israel David Friedman has reportedly asked the US State Department to stop using the term “occupied” in official documents referring to Israeli control over the West Bank.
According to a report by the Kan public broadcaster on Tuesday, the State Department refused.
However, due to pressure “from above” the two sides agreed that the issue will be discussed again and that US President Donald Trump will have the final say, the report said.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Friedman has in the past run afoul of their State Department superiors over their views on the West Bank.
In September, the US State Department publicly rejected remarks they made pertaining to Israel's presence in the West Bank as not reflective of the administration's stance.
At the time, spokesperson Heather Nauert told reporters that Friedman's comments in an interview with the Hebrew-media Walla news website, in which they said they consider West Bank settlements to be part of Israel should “not be read as a shift in US policy.”
Earlier the same month Nauert was forced to clarify another statement Friedman made to Israeli media, in which they referred to Israel's “alleged occupation” of the West Bank.
“Our position on that hasn't changed,” Nauert told reporters. “The comment does not represent a shift in US policy.”
In the past, Friedman has been a staunch supporter of the settlement movement. Before taking up their post as ambassador, they served as president of American Friends of Bet El Institutions, an organization that supports the large West Bank settlement near Ramallah, and they have a long history of excoriating groups who criticize Israel's settlement policy.
Friedman's reported directive came weeks after Trump shifted decades of US policy and recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital on December 6.
In an address from the White House, Trump defied worldwide warnings and insisted that after repeated failures to achieve peace, a new approach was long overdue. The president described their decision to recognize Jerusalem as the seat of Israel's government as merely based on reality.
The move was hailed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and by leaders across much of the Israeli political spectrum. Trump stressed that they were not specifying the boundaries of Israeli sovereignty in the city, and called for no change in the status quo at the city's holy sites.
Agencies contributed to this report.
Search Gallery Gambit and Rogue--Fall wheels9696 16 Batmen: The Legend Sketchcards 6 wheels9696 4 Batmen: The Legend Sketchcards 5 wheels9696 4 Advertisement Advertisement Batmen: The Legend Sketchcards 4 wheels9696 3 Batman sketch cards for Vail wheels9696 2 Batmen: The Legend Sketchcards 3 wheels9696 5 Batmen: The Legend Sketchcards 2 wheels9696 4 Joker Sketch Cover from DC Comics wheels9696 15 Batmen: The Legend Sketchcards 1 wheels9696 21 Batman and Catwoman in the Snow wheels9696 74 DC NEW 52 Supergirl sketchcard wheels9696 11 DC NEW 52 Trinitysketchcard wheels9696 7 DC NEW 52 Ice sketchcard wheels9696 12 DC NEW 52 SupermanSkechcard wheels9696 4 DC NEW 52 Mera Skechcard wheels9696 11 DC NEW 52 Batman Sketchcard wheels9696 24 DC NEW 52 Flash Sketchcard wheels9696 8 Firefly Lineart wheels9696 10 The Dark Knight and Joker Color wheels9696 67 The Dark Knight and Joker wheels9696 11 Harry vs. Voldemort Color wheels9696 101 Harry vs. Voldemort wheels9696 62 The Harry Potter Crew wheels9696 119 Harry Potter wheels9696 49
Back in April, we reported on the demise of Jimmy's Old Car Picnic, a 25+ year tradition in Golden Gate Park that decided to call it quits after escalating permit fees and frustrating dealings with SF Rec & Park.
Now, two fans of the car show have decided to revive the tradition. The event has been renamed “Old Car Picnic” and will feature the same attractions as past shows, namely a wide variety of vintage vehicles from pre-1987.
Old Car Picnic will be held at Hellman Hollow (formerly Speedway Meadow) on Saturday, October 18 from 7am until 4pm. Vintage car, truck and motorcycle owners can display their vehicle simply by driving into the venue in the morning and paying the entry fee (Cars & trucks $40, motorcycles $20). Note: no vehicles larger than 3/4 ton pickup.
And for the first time ever, the Old Car Picnic also invites vintage bicycle owners to display. The entry fee for bikes is $10.
Proceeds from the event go towards two organizations that benefit developmentally disabled children – Pomeroy Center and Potrero Hill House.
We spoke with one of the organizers, Eric Johnson, via email about their relationship to past picnics.
“Our group mainly consists of former picnic organizers and workers, some from recent years and some whose involvement goes back to the 90's. We do intend for the event to continue on an annual basis,” Eric said.
Eric said the permit fees for this year's Old Car Picnic “are pretty much the same as last year”, and that Rec & Park “made it clear that they didn't want a brand-new event in the park, they would allow it only if it was a continuation of the existing event, so we aren't trying to re-invent the wheel here.”
Jamie O'Keefe, daughter of the Jimmy O'Keefe who managed the original event, told us, “Though I'm not directly involved in organizing, I've been helping this new crew with their questions.”
Jamie is fully supportive of the event and is happy to see the tradition being continued by its fans.
Admission to Old Car Picnic to view the cars, trucks and bikes on display is completely free, so bring your friends and family out to this great tradition in Golden Gate Park. And don't forget to pack a picnic!
Sarah B.
I'm a Democratic state senator from Montana. We're outnumbered (32-18). Our counterparts in the state House of Representatives are outnumbered, too (59-41). We've had Democratic governors since 2005 and we have a bit of a progressive history—Jeannette Rankin, the first woman elected to Congress, U.S. Senator Lee Metcalf, a pioneer in wilderness and wildlife preservation, and the great Mike Mansfield. But in general things are pretty red around here. We do what we can.
During the 2017 legislature, the Senate's Republican majority leader derided Democrats for proposing to increase tobacco taxes with heartless disregard for Montana's low-income smokers. In 2015, they sponsored a bill to cut thousands of Montanans off of food stamps.
Every session, Democrats sponsor good renewable energy legislation. Montana has four coal plants. Two of them will close in five years. The remaining two will close by 2032. Because Democrats set up a coal tax trust fund some years ago, coal income has meant a lot to Montana. However, our state is becoming hotter and dryer. Fires raged across the state this year, hitting agriculture hard and keeping Montanans indoors. Current customers for our energy exports, Oregon and Washington, have set end dates for coal use. Yet, Montana Republicans fight against renewables. They bring community members from coal country to committee hearings who cry about cruel environmentalists who are killing their way of life.
This year, Montana Democrats lost three out of four statewide offices for the first time in a dozen years. In a special election last May, Montana elected Congressman Greg Gianforte, who believes the world is 9,000 years old and who beat up a journalist for asking probing questions. Early mail balloting increases voter turn-out in Montana, but many Montanans believe Gianforte, who attacked the journalist just days before the election, would have lost had Montanans voted only on Election Day, after their shenanigans.
For nearly ten years, national right-to-work groups have infiltrated our politics with dark money (See PBS Frontline's “Big Sky, Big Money”). Right-wing extremists won elections using illegal, unreported campaign contributions. After campaign laws were reformed and a new commissioner of political practices was appointed by Democratic Governor Steve Bullock, politicians who ran dark money campaigns and refused to repay illegal funds were convicted and heavily fined.
Moderate Republicans were the main target of those illegal campaign funds. They were therefore angry enough to help Democrats pass what some have called the best campaign finance laws in the country. In addition, they helped implement Medicaid expansion, which now provides health insurance for 84,000 Montanans who previously had no coverage.
Since 2009, Montana has kept between $300 and $450 million in the bank at the end of each legislative session. This year, the Republican-dominated legislature pulled a budget gimmick. They adopted a phonily optimistic revenue estimate, then passed a bill that automatically cut 5 percent from state programs if those estimates weren't met. Now, because of fire costs and low tax receipts, and because Republicans killed the tobacco tax measure, additional cuts are looming.
Here are some of the services that will be lost as a result of this chicanery. By January 2018, case management for disabled people needing support to stay in their own homes will be gone. Early childhood intervention, which dramatically increases the chances that disabled babies and toddlers will become fully participating citizens, will be gone. caseworkers for abused children, drug treatment for addicts, group homes to keep people out of institutions, and guard positions in our prisons will all be cut.
The Republican response? They say Governor Bullock should do their job and cut. But they refuse to help find solutions. They won't help identify cuts, and they won't consider tax increases the governor proposed during the 2017 legislative session. People making more than $500,000 annually had their taxes reduced ten years ago. One Bullock proposal would have increased their taxes. Republicans said no.
Currently, the governor is traveling the state, meeting with families who will lose services. The Senate Republican majority leader has called the governor's statewide education efforts “repugnant.” A special legislative session is tentatively being planned for November to raise revenues for this year's devastating fire costs. Democrats will advocate for more revenue to preserve essential programs. If we are not successful, I expect by next November, Montanans will begin to feel the program cuts and continue to witness the national dysfunction under Republican control.
I predict that in 2018, we'll get rid of the cruel red majority and elect people who care about their fellow citizens.
February 05, 2014 11:25 IST
"Even Obama listens (to) the speech of NaMo," says the caption of a doctored picture showing the United States President watching a Narendra Modi speech on television. The morphed photograph (left) is being circulated on social media.
The original photo was taken in January 2011 and captured President Obama in the White House watching a televised speech by the then Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
In the doctored picture, Mubarak has been replaced by
Bharatiya Janata Party's prime ministerial candidate, Modi. The Gujarat CM is seen delivering a speech, which is being watched on a small television screen by Obama and their team.Among others, the picture was shared by BJP Member of Parliament from Navasari in Gujarat C R Paatil.When contacted, Patil said they were not aware that the photograph was morphed. They said it had been shared with them on Facebook and they had forwarded it without verifying its authenticity.
1. C.M. “Neil” Murphy – Thanks to him, the Packers turned a profit in their second season. And there's reason to wonder if they had not made $6,049.53 in 1920 (almost $75,000 in today's money) if their application to become members of the APFA the following year would have been submitted, much less approved. Murphy was named business manager of the Packers in the summer of 1920, essentially replacing Calhoun, and promptly started agitating for a fence to be built around the playing field at Hagemeister Park. In 1919, the Packers had played on an open field and had no way of raising money other than by passing a hat and asking spectators to drop their loose change in it. Within about a month after Murphy was named business manager, G.A. Walter of the Hagemeister Realty Co., gave them permission to put up a fence at the park. When Murphy worked out the details to build it at minimum cost, the financially strapped team was able to charge admission to its games. Murphy's day job was selling Underwood typewriters and soon after the 1920 season they were transferred to Milwaukee, depriving Green Bay of one of its biggest sports boosters.2. John Kittell – Late in the 1922 season, with the private Green Bay Football Club headed by Lambeau deep in debt, Kittell spoke to the local rotary club and revealed the Association of Commerce and other local business people were ready to do whatever it took to save Green Bay's NFL franchise. Two weeks later, they presided over a meeting at the Elks Club where plans were mapped out for the stock sale that led to the creation of the non-profit Green Bay Football Corporation before the 1923 season. As the only attorney and one of only three people, along with Turnbull and Joannes, to sign the articles of incorporation, Kittell was almost certainly the one who wrote them and created the community-owned structure that makes the Packers unique to this day. Kittell subsequently presided, as temporary chairperson, over the first stockholders meeting of the non-profit corporation and was elected vice president of its original five-man executive committee. Kittell died in 1932 at age 61.3. Frank Peck – They were president of the Indian Packing Co. when it agreed to sponsor the Packers in their first season. Lambeau said Peck gave them $500, which would be more than $7,000 in today's money. Calhoun wrote in 1934, the packing plant contributed enough to buy a half-dozen or so footballs, sweaters (or jerseys) and several sets of shoulder pads. Whatever Peck's contribution, they probably had more to do with getting the Packers off the ground than anyone but Lambeau and Calhoun. They also are still president of Indian Packing in 1920 when the company agreed to donate the lumber for Murphy to build their fence. Peck came to Green Bay from Providence, R.I., in 1917, and was president of Indian Packing until it agreed to consolidate with Acme Packing in December 1921. By then, they had moved to Chicago. They died in Springfield, Mass., in 1943.4. George DeLair – Owner of a Washington Street restaurant, DeLair might have been the Packers' most ardent fan in the beginning. They hosted a banquet for the team at the end of the 1920 season. The following year, they organized the makeshift Lumberjack Band, which followed the Packers to Chicago for their first game against the Chicago Staleys (now the Bears) and helped ignite the most storied rivalry in the NFL. In 1922, DeLair was one of 12 charter members of the first Packers Booster Club and organized “Booster Day” in a last-ditch effort to save the deeply-in-debt Green Bay Football Club from folding. When a torrential downpour spoiled the effort and a meager crowd showed up for the Thanksgiving Day booster game against Duluth, DeLair helped organize the Green Bay Football Corporation and was a member of its first executive committee. They served one year. In June 1924, they committed suicide.
Mental Health
These 8 Nutrients Help Ease Anxiety Symptoms
Feeling stressed? Grab something to eat, as you might be lacking in something. Here are the eight nutrients that will help ease that anxious feeling.
1 / 6 photo credit: shutterstock The Best Nutrients for Anxiety Anxiety can impact your health in numerous ways, from decreased productivity at work, to weight gain, and more. Luckily, a diet rich in these nutrients can help relieve some of the stress. Read more to find out some of the best nutrients for anxiety symptoms.
2 / 6 photo credit: shutterstock photo credit: shutterstock Extra B vitamins If you take individual B vitamins, also take a good B complex supplement to help prevent imbalances among these vitamins, which work together. In a study of people with panic disorder, OCD and depression the B vitamin inositol in amounts of up to 18 grams daily was as effective and had fewer side effects than an anti-anxiety medication. This reflects my clinical experience, where I've found inositol to be very helpful with clients with obsessive and ruminating thoughts. Vitamin B1 is important for blood sugar control and this has a major impact on anxiety. Vitamin B3 is involved in many enzymatic processes and plays a key role in serotonin synthesis. At doses of 1,000 to 3,000 mg a day, it may be helpful for anxiety. Vitamin B5 is very important for the adrenals and therefore helps with modulating stress. Folic acid and vitamin B12 are important for depression, and given the links between anxiety and depression, they may also be helpful for anxiety. They also support heart health, which is important if you suffer from anxiety or panic attacks, which stress the heart. Get the nutrients naturally Good food sources of the B vitamins include liver, meat, turkey, whole grains, potatoes, bananas, chiles, legumes, nutritional yeast and molasses.
(NaturalNews) The so-called climate change "experts" that still cling to the mythical theory of human-made global warming are having an increasingly difficult time defending this flailing position. New findings published in the journalreveal that plants, which absorb carbon dioxide (CO2) and release oxygen, actually absorb CO2 about 25 faster than previous estimates assumed they did.The findings are hugely significant, of course, because they help further debunk the myth that CO2 is an overabundant environmental pollutant responsible for destroying the earth. Besides the fact that plantsCO2 in order to produce oxygen for humans and animals to breathe -- we would all die if plants did not have CO2, after all -- their newly-discovered, much-more rapid consumption of this vital element shows that, in all truth, CO2 is not the threat that Al Gore and others claim it is.Sure, the earth is going through some major changes right now, as it isin flux between periods of cooling and periods of warming. But CO2 production ultimately hasas the innocuous compound is not capable of producing any type of warming. The fluctuating activity of the sun in the form of sunspots, solar flares, and coronal mass ejections (CME), for example, has a far greater impact on the earth's atmospheric temperatures than do the burning of fossil fuels.Destructive human activities like the leveling of the rainforest and massive environmental pollution surely do notthe situation in any way, however, and they are obviously contributing in a very serious way to the demise of our planet. But the geopolitical agenda of global warming, complete with its de facto goal of one-world-government, is the crux of the scam that must be exposed.On the same token, it was revealed back in August that one of the most popular and foundational "proofs" used to substantiate claims about global warming was completely fabricated. Observed arctic polar bear deaths were not caused by melting polar ice caps as claimed in a 2006 paper published in, but were actually the result of a severe weather event ( https://www.naturalnews.com/033370_polar_bars... ).
There's no denying “Frozen” is a smash hit for Disney. With fans repeatedly seeing the film in theaters, playing its soundtrack on repeat, and rapidly downloading digital copies of it online, there's no doubt today's Blu-ray release will be a big seller. But following up such a phenomenon with an equally monumental release is tough and Disney hasn't quite delivered, at least not yet.
“Frozen” looks absolutely flawless in its high-definition Blu-ray presentation. Colors pop, lines are crisp, and the beautifully rendered film is simply gorgeous on HD displays. However, this is a movie that definitely benefits from being seen in 3D – and yet no 3D Blu-ray release has been made available in the United States. Though there is a 3D digital version available online, no 3D version of the included short “Get a Horse!” is available anywhere, a huge detriment to enjoyment of its 2D-meets-3D, retro-versus-modern antics. It's a disappointment to not be able to own that at home.
But the casual viewer will find no problems with the 2D presentation of “Frozen,” ready for repeat sing-alongs of “Let It Go,” conveniently accessed by skipping to chapter 5 on the disc.
The included extra features are good, but leave fans desiring more from a movie that has become a worldwide smash success. “The Making of Frozen” is quite entertaining, featuring the stars and filmmakers performing a musical that never actually tells how the movie was made. But that has already been released online. “D'frosted” tells the tale of how Walt Disney was interested in Hans Christian Anderson's “The Snow Queen” decades ago, with a look at the art of Disney Legend Marc Davis in developing a related ride and characters. It's the only really good bonus feature on the disc.
A few storyboarded deleted scenes offer little value, though it is interesting to see what Elsa would have been like as a villain. The included music videos are skippable, unless you're a Demi Lovato fan.
Ultimately it would surprise no one if Disney re-releases “Frozen” a few months down the line in a much more complete “ultimate” or “diamond” edition with 3D and more complete extras. Until then, fans will surely take their wallets out, look at their money, and “let it go.”
“Frozen” is available now on Blu-ray from Amazon and all major retailers.
The Rams will rise and fall with Jared Goff this year. But will they be the answer at QB for the Rams or another story of a spread QB going high in the draft and not panning out?
Today starts a two-part series looking at the presumptive starter at quarterback for the Los Angeles Rams, Jared Goff. Steve Rivera wrote recently that the issue of whether Goff succeeds is as important as signing Aaron Donald, perhaps the best defensive player in the league.
He's right.
So let's take a look at Goff. Today I will make the case why we should NOT expect them to be the long-term QB for the Rams and why they will NOT make it as an NFL QB (at least not for the Rams). The next piece will be on why they will make it—so they work as a sort of Yin and Yang.
Goff had a pretty horrendous year last year and even the analysts that defend them admit that. In seven starts, only a few times did they show flashes, as they did in the first half against New Orleans. The stats were not good. But hey, that's low-hanging fruit. You have heard that before.
More than just having seven bad games, they looked lost. They looked like the offense, the NFL, the game was too big for him. Does this get corrected in an offseason? In two? Even if this issue does get corrected in one offseason, isn't they still just the equivalent of a rookie this year?
In addition, we have learned in the last year that Case Keenum—University of Houston star, journeyman QB, victory waffles aficionado, and all around nice guy—is not an NFL quality starting QB. Keenum commanded the worst offense in the league. Goff was worse than Keenum last year. What does that say about their ability going forward?
And let's not forget that Goff is not a SeanMcVay guy. Rich Eisen asked them recently about Goff (at 34:30): “You would not have taken the job if you didn't think that Jared Goff was a viable quarterback to win games in the NFL.” McVay's response: “This is a great opportunity to be one of 32, so this is always something that you strive to do.”
McVay is right.
They were looking for an NFL head-coaching job, not a QB to marry. First-time head coaches have to go into a situation and do it their way. If that means working with an incumbent for awhile, great. But if they are not the guy, McVay will be quick to move to what will get them wins. Their job depends on them being able to do that.
It comes down to this. If Goff does turn out, it will likely take them three years to get to a place of NFL respectability. The Rams are not willing to wait that long. They will lose the city before then. They have a stadium opening in a few years, and they need to build and grow as a team and as a fan base every year.
And Goff may not be the guy to do that.
People often tell me that they have no idea how I can do standup. The idea of trying to make a large group of strangers laughs is, for many, absolutely petrifying – and it is – but there are ways of gradually developing the material that can ease the fear. For me, it has never been a case of sitting down in front of a computer. I tend to develop my rambling anecdotes by actually getting up and performing them. That's the joy/horror of stand up – if you have the germ of an idea that you think might be funny, there is a way of finding out if it's funny very quickly. In standup, the feedback is instantaneous, and if it fails you know you'll be off-stage and hiding in a short time.
I assumed writing for television would be pretty straightforward. I was wrong. Having total freedom, it turns out, is horrendous. One has to make the most basic decisions before a single word is written. Some decisions are easier than others. I knew I wanted it to be, in essence, a traditional sitcom. I grew up watching people tell stories using this format. Carla Lane's Butterflies seemed to be on in our house at all times when I was a kid, as did The Good Life. But it was Fawlty Towers that made me really sit up for the first time. Basil's incandescent rage made me howl. Then suddenly, some people went a step further - when The Young Ones arrived, my friends and I thought something had been truly written for us. My mum hated it, which was delightful, and the slapstick elements and sight gags in Man Down owe a great deal to it. It took me years to realise that the dysfunctional family set-up is as present in The Young Ones as it is in the sitcoms that delighted my parents. Most mirror what is going on in every house, every family – chaos and hidden affection. Much been written about the arrival of The Office and the death of the traditional sitcom, but it is not a massive leap to see that show as another example of a messed-up family stuck in a house together.
There were, therefore, some decisions that were easy to make. My middle-aged lead character Dan had to be trapped with their parents and in a job they hated. They are, like so many sitcom characters, fairly unsympathetic on the surface.  They are a selfish idiot, but I hope that people will find themselves rooting for them ultimately. They try to make things better but doesn't have the skills to do it. I was loathe to make them a teacher because of the inevitable lazy comparisons with The Inbetweeners, in which I played a principal, but I spent 13 years as a teacher, so making them anything else felt wrong.
What I learned fairly quickly is that trying to create a reasonably credible world and the characters that inhabit it on your own is a recipe for madness. Every decision you make has knock-on effects and trying to tell a simple story is in fact like putting together a jigsaw designed by Satan. This resulted in, to list but a few incidents, me pouring a kettle of water on the floor of my flat deliberately, destroying a perfectly good chest of drawers and one early morning calling an urban fox "a prick".
But creating Man Down did eventually become a joy. If you have cast the right people for the roles – Rik Mayall was my ideal dad from the start – and if those actors are nice, actually filming a sitcom is wonderful. It was a blast from start to finish. How I kept a straight face during scenes in which Rik Mayall, one of my comedy heroes, was humping a wall, attacking me in a bear suit, cocking an eyebrow as they sat defecating on my toilet is a mystery to me. (Some shameful indications of my love of the puerile there). It also made me question why it is I feel the need to publicly humiliate myself. When a handler was setting a genuine attack dog on me, they informed me that just last week it had horribly bitten an intruder. You have to take a moment to wonder what you are punishing yourself for.
My family and ex-collegues in the teaching profession will be delighted when I put on the record that very few of the incidents that happen in Man Down actually happened in real life, but there is a more general truth to it. I wrote about a time when I was totally lost at sea, and I just took the humiliation of my character, Dan, to a more extreme place. My mum said, "Anyone watching this will think you grew up in a mad house." I did. We all did.
Man Down begins on Friday at 9.30pm on Channel 4
Sky has begun to inform Xbox 360 owners who watch TV on their console via the Sky Go app that come the end of July, they'll need to start paying for the privilege. Sky Go is free to anyone with a subscription to the satellite TV service, and allows you to use your smartphone, tablet, computer or console (for the next month, anyway) to watch TV when you're out of set-top box range. Sky Go Extra is a paid version that also lets you download content for offline viewing, as well as upping the number of devices you can use to four instead of two. It's this Extra tier that Xbox 360 users will need to pony up £5 per month for (after an introductory price of half that) if they wish to continue using Sky Go on their console after July 29th. This only affects the 360 currently, and ironically it comes just after Microsoft cut the requirement for a paid Xbox Live Gold account to use video streaming apps. With Sky Go coming to the PS3 and PS4 later this summer, however, it feels very much like Sky is making a calculated move to turn a free service into a paid one just before a bunch more people get access.
Update: Sky has confirmed this applies to all consoles, so when the PS3/PS4 apps launch, they will also require a Sky Go Extra subscription. Company quote after the break.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Prep needs to be taken daily to build up resistance to HIV
The Court of Appeal has ruled that the NHS in England has the power to fund a drug which prevents HIV infection in people at high risk of the virus.
NHS England had previously said that local authorities should provide the pre-exposure prophylaxis drug - known as Prep - because they are responsible for preventative health.
But the court insisted this fell within the remit of the NHS.
An estimated 14,000 people would be eligible for Prep in England.
Campaigners and the Local Government Association, which represents local authorities, said they were delighted by the decision.
NHS England said the judgment confirmed that it had the ability, but not the obligation, to fund Prep.
An NHS spokesperson said it would now formally consider whether to fund the drug.
"Second, we will discuss with local authorities how NHS-funded Prep medication could be administered by the sexual health teams they commission.
"Third, we will immediately ask the drug manufacturer to reconsider its currently proposed excessively high pricing, and will also explore options for using generics."
Prevention power
In August, the High Court told NHS England it could fund the drug because it was wrong to classify Prep as preventative, given that it acts in the body to treat infection.
This came after a successful challenge by the National Aids Trust (NAT) and other campaigners.
Deborah Gold, chief executive of NAT, said they were delighted that the Court of Appeal had confirmed the earlier judgement.
"HIV is a critical issue in the UK where over 4,000 people acquire HIV every year.
"Prep works, it saves money, and most importantly it has the power to prevent HIV acquisition for thousands of people, at the same time as beginning to end the HIV epidemic.
"This judgement brings that possibility one step closer."
They said they hoped NHS England would now make "a balanced and evidence-based decision on Prep".
Clarity of roles
Izzi Seccombe, chairperson of the Local Government Association's community wellbeing board, said treatment with Prep was clearly part of NHS England's commissioning powers.
"We now hope this decision will provide much-needed clarity around the roles of councils and the NHS on prevention services.
They added: "It is time for NHS England to stop delaying and finally determine whether to commission this treatment, which could greatly reduce the risk of HIV infection."
HIV drug row: A very modern dilemma for the NHS
Harry's story: HIV drug 'gave me confidence to trust'
Image copyright NIBSC/SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY Image caption Prep protects cells, which are then able to stop the HIV virus from multiplying
What does Prep do?
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (or Prep for short) is a small, blue pill.
The pill works by protecting cells in the body and disabling the virus to stop it multiplying - should it enter the body.
Taking it once a day has been shown to reduce the risk of HIV infection by 86%.
It is currently used in the US, Canada, Australia and France to help protect gay men at the highest risk of contracting HIV.
Living with HIV
There are more than 100,000 people living with HIV in the UK and, statistically, gay men are the most at-risk group.
The average HIV prevalence in the UK is 2.3 per 1,000 population. However for gay men the rate jumps to 48.7 per 1,000.
Black African women are the second most at-risk group with a prevalence rate of 43.7 per 1,000.
Latest figures show there were 6,151 new diagnoses made in 2014, up from 6,032 the previous year, according to Public Health England.
They have a weird way of ending baseball practices at Leesburg High School in Florida:
It is our understanding that beginning on January 26, 2015 and continuing on January 28 and January 29, 2015, and every day since at the end of baseball practice, the head coach Rich Billings or assistant coach John Meier has led the students in prayer or told the students that it is time to pray.
That's obviously illegal. American Atheists sent a letter of concern to the principal earlier this month, and a week later, they got a response:
I am in agreement with your expectations and will take immediate action to cease the practice of prayer.
To that end, the principal told the coaches to “eliminate the practice of prayer” and promised to address the issue at both the next coaches' meeting and the next faculty meeting so the problem doesn't happen again.
That's exactly how this problem needs to be handled. Students can always pray on their own, but coaches (in a position of authority) can't lead the way or participate with them.
No lawsuits from AA and no whining from school administrators.
But I'm sure the American Family Association will soon complain that this adherence to the Constitution is some sort of “anti-Christian bigotry”…
(Image via Shutterstock)
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved FILE - In this July 8, 2016, file photo, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks in Philadelphia. The nation is poised to elect one of its oldest presidents, and while age doesn't determine health, it begs the question: How much...
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved FILE - In this July 8, 2016, file photo, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks in Philadelphia. The nation is poised to elect one of its oldest presidents, and while age doesn't determine health, it begs the question: How much...
CINCINNATI (AP) - Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is scheduled to speak at the NAACP's annual convention in Cincinnati.
Clinton is scheduled to speak to the group on Monday afternoon. NAACP leaders say presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump turned down an invitation to the Cincinnati event. They cited scheduling conflicts with the Republican National Convention beginning Monday in Cleveland.
Leaders of the nation's oldest civil rights organization opened the group's 107th convention on Saturday. Organizers expect about 5,000 to attend.
The NAACP convention heard from Republican Ohio Gov. John Kasich on Sunday evening. Kasich condemned the slayings of police officers while urging that people work together for healing.
Kasich, who opposed Trump for the GOP nomination, has declined to endorse Trump. They won't speak at the RNC convention.
https://business.facebook.com/wdtn2/videos/10154184572821830/
A guitarist who performed at the country music festival where the country's deadliest shooting in history took place has reversed their position on gun control, saying “I cannot express how wrong I was."
Caleb Keeter, part of the Josh Abbott Band, took to Twitter to express their thoughts on the massacre at the Route 91 Harvest festival late on Sunday night in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Mr Keeter's band had performed earlier in the day on Sunday, just hours before the shooting that killed at least 59 people and injured more than 500 more.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
“I've been a proponent of the 2nd Amendment my entire life,” Mr Keeter wrote.
“Until the events of last night. I cannot express how wrong I was. We actually have members of our crew with CHL licenses, and legal firearms on the bus. They were useless.”
Mr Keeter was referring to the argument guns rights advocates have normally turned to in the wake of mass shootings: if the victims were armed, they would have been able to defend themselves against the gunman.
They said that their road crew had legal firearms and certifications but were unable to access the weapons in the chaos of the scene and out of fear that first responders would mistake them for the attackers.
“We need gun control. RIGHT. NOW,” Mr Keeter's statement read.
Shape Created with Sketch. Las Vegas shooting – in pictures Show all 15 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Las Vegas shooting – in pictures 1/15 People scramble for shelter at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival after gun fire was heard Getty 2/15 People carry a person at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival after shots were fired David Becker/Getty 3/15 People run from the Route 91 Harvest country music festival after gun fire was heard David Becker/Getty 4/15 A handout photo released via Twitter by Eiki Hrafnsson (@EirikurH) showing concertgoers running away from the scene (C) after shots range out at the Route 91 Harvest festival on Las Vegas Boulevard EPA/Eiki Hrafnsson 5/15 People lie on the ground at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival after hearing gun fire Getty 6/15 A man in a wheelchair is taken away from the Route 91 Harvest country music festival after hearing gun fire David Becker/Getty 7/15 People stand on the street outside the Mandalay Bay hotel near the scene of the Route 91 Harvest festival on Las Vegas Boulevard EPA/Paul Buck 8/15 FBI agents confer in front of the Tropicana hotel-casino after a mass shooting during a music festival on the Las Vegas Strip Reuters/Las Vegas Sun/Steve Marcus 9/15 Las Vegas police run by a banner on the fence at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival grounds after shots were fired David Becker/Getty 10/15 An injured person is tended to in the intersection of Tropicana Ave. and Las Vegas Boulevard after a mass shooting at a country music festival Ethan Miller/Getty 11/15 Metro Police officers pass by the front of the Tropicana hotel-casino after a mass shooting at a music festival on the Las Vegas Strip Reuters/Las Vegas Sun/Steve Marcus 12/15 A woman sits on a curb at the scene of a shooting outside of a music festival along the Las Vegas Strip AP/John Locher 13/15 A cowboy hat lays in the street after shots were fired near a country music festival in Las Vegas Getty 14/15 Las Vegas Metro Police and medical workers stage in the intersection of Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard South after a mass shooting at a music festival on the Las Vegas Strip Reuters/Las Vegas Sun/Steve Marcus 15/15 Sheriff Joe Lombardo (2-R) speaking during a press briefing in the aftermath of the active shooter incident on Las Vegas Boulevard EPA 1/15 People scramble for shelter at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival after gun fire was heard Getty 2/15 People carry a person at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival after shots were fired David Becker/Getty 3/15 People run from the Route 91 Harvest country music festival after gun fire was heard David Becker/Getty 4/15 A handout photo released via Twitter by Eiki Hrafnsson (@EirikurH) showing concertgoers running away from the scene (C) after shots range out at the Route 91 Harvest festival on Las Vegas Boulevard EPA/Eiki Hrafnsson 5/15 People lie on the ground at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival after hearing gun fire Getty 6/15 A man in a wheelchair is taken away from the Route 91 Harvest country music festival after hearing gun fire David Becker/Getty 7/15 People stand on the street outside the Mandalay Bay hotel near the scene of the Route 91 Harvest festival on Las Vegas Boulevard EPA/Paul Buck 8/15 FBI agents confer in front of the Tropicana hotel-casino after a mass shooting during a music festival on the Las Vegas Strip Reuters/Las Vegas Sun/Steve Marcus 9/15 Las Vegas police run by a banner on the fence at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival grounds after shots were fired David Becker/Getty 10/15 An injured person is tended to in the intersection of Tropicana Ave. and Las Vegas Boulevard after a mass shooting at a country music festival Ethan Miller/Getty 11/15 Metro Police officers pass by the front of the Tropicana hotel-casino after a mass shooting at a music festival on the Las Vegas Strip Reuters/Las Vegas Sun/Steve Marcus 12/15 A woman sits on a curb at the scene of a shooting outside of a music festival along the Las Vegas Strip AP/John Locher 13/15 A cowboy hat lays in the street after shots were fired near a country music festival in Las Vegas Getty 14/15 Las Vegas Metro Police and medical workers stage in the intersection of Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard South after a mass shooting at a music festival on the Las Vegas Strip Reuters/Las Vegas Sun/Steve Marcus 15/15 Sheriff Joe Lombardo (2-R) speaking during a press briefing in the aftermath of the active shooter incident on Las Vegas Boulevard EPA
“My biggest regret is that I stubbornly didn't realize it until my brothers on the road and myself were threatened by it.”
The alleged shooter, Stephen Paddock, was firing from the window of their 32nd floor room at the adjacent Mandalay Hotel and Casino.
Paddock had reportedly checked into the hotel at least three days prior, when the festival began, and was found dead after police stormed the room. It is believed they shot himself.
Police found several weapons and rounds of ammunition in the room. Their residence in a Mesquite, Nevada retirement community about 80 miles northeast Las Vegas also contained a stockpile of weapons and ammunition.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif: ''We are all on the same wavelength''
Talks between world powers and Iran have failed to reach an agreement on Tehran's nuclear programme.
EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton told a press conference that there had been a lot of "concrete progress but some differences remain".
Baroness Ashton said talks would resume on 20 November.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said they were not disappointed with the outcome in Geneva, and that the talks were "something we can build on".
They said all parties were "on the same wavelength" and "there was the impetus to reach an agreement".
US Secretary of State John Kerry said: "There is no question in my mind that we are closer now than we were before."
Analysis It was striking to see the respective chief negotiators Mohmamad Javad Zarif and Lady Ashton walk in together to deliver a joint final statement. They appeared to be relaxed in each other's company. But it's also clear that they have not reached a deal. Serious differences clearly remain. The two negotiators wouldn't reveal what those differences were. Instead they agreed to meet again. These three days of talks were the most intensive negotiations about Iran's nuclear programme for many years. It's worth noting in particular the fact that the US Secretary of State John Kerry took part in more than eight hours of direct talks with their Iranian counterpart. This marked the most extensive high-level contact between the US and Iran since the 1979 Islamic revolution. That, in itself, counts as something of a breakthrough.
The international powers are concerned that Tehran is trying to build a nuclear weapon - but Iran says its programme is peaceful.
A proposal that was floated would require Iran to freeze expansion of nuclear activity in return for limited relief from economic sanctions.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Sunday that their country would not abandon its "nuclear rights", which included uranium enrichment.
"The rights of the Iranian nation and our national interests are a red line. So are nuclear rights under the framework of international regulations, which include enrichment on Iranian soil," they told parliament in remarks quoted by the Isna news agency.
Delegates had earlier suggested there was "good progress".
But diplomatic sources said France had wanted tougher terms for Iran.
Before the late-night press conference, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said the three days of negotiations had ended without a deal.
"The meetings in Geneva have made it possible to move forward," they said.
"But we have not yet managed to conclude, because there are still some questions remaining to be dealt with."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption US Secretary of State John Kerry: ''Diplomacy takes time''
Meanwhile, Mr Kerry told reporters: "We have not only narrowed differences and clarified those that remain but we made significant progress in working through the approaches to this question of how one reins in a programme and guarantees its peaceful nature."
They added that the window for diplomacy would not stay open indefinitely.
The Geneva talks involve Iran and the P5+1 - the US, Russia, Britain, France and China as permanent UN Security Council members, plus Germany.
Over the past month the FreeDV 700C mode has been developed, integrated into the FreeDV GUI program version 1.2, and tested. Windows versions (64 and 32 bit) of this program can be downloaded from freedv.org. Thanks Richard Shaw for all your hard work on the release and installers.
FreeDV 700C uses the Codec 2 700C vocoder with the COHPSK modem. Some early results:
The US test team report 700C contacts over 2500km at SNRs down to -2dB, in conditions where SSB cannot be heard.
My own experience: the 700C speech quality is not quite as good as FreeDV 1600, but usable for conversation. That's OK – it's very early days for the 700C codec, and hey, it's half the bit rate of 1600. I'm actually quite excited that 700C can be used conversationally at this early stage! I experienced a low SNR channel where FreeDV 700C didn't work but SSB did, however 700C certainly works at much lower SNRs than 1600.
Some testers in Europe report 700C falling over at relatively high SNRs (e.g. 8dB). I also experienced this on a 1500km contact. Suspect this is a bug or corner case we can fix, especially in light of the US teams results.
Tony, K2MO, has put together this fine video demonstrating the various FreeDV modes over a simulated HF channel:
It's early days for 700C, and there are mixed reports. However it's looking promising. My next steps are to further explore the real world operation of FreeDV 700C, and work on improving the low SNR performance further.
A leading financial markets app and platform has launched a new cryptocurrency service that lets users track the prices and exchange rates of more than 1,300 cryptocurrencies.
Investing.com, the number one rated financial markets app on Google Play for three years in a row, is used by over five million traders and investors. The platform, owned by Fusion Media, provides news, analysis, streaming quotes and charts, technical data and financial tools about the global financial markets, covering over 75,000 financial instruments.
The launch of the new app continues the company's increased focus on digital currencies which before then had been offering a dedicated cryptocurrency sector on the Investing.com platform.
“We're launching the Investing.com cryptocurrency app due to the growing demand for real-time data and news for the digital currencies,” said Roy Michaeli, the head of cryptocurrency and financial data at Investing.com. “Comparing to Investing.com's main app, the new app will focus solely on cryptocurrencies, and provide existing crypto traders, and potential ICO investors, all the data they might need – no matter where they are.”
Igal Stolpner, Investing.com's head of growth, told International Business Times that in the month of November, the company had 25% of all its page views (on apps and websites) going towards its crypto pages. “Which is insane. It was less than one percent four months ago,” they said.
Their company has partnered with around seven exchange platforms to monitor at least 1,364 crypto-tokens in real-time. Stolpner said they were expecting that number to grow as the popular initial coin offering (ICO) fundraising method continues to attract startups.
According to its Google Play app profile, the Investing.com cryptocurrency app offers data from exchanges that include ANX, BTC Indonesia, Bitstamp, Bitfinex, Bittrex, Kraken, Poloniex, Binance and Bithumb.
The app provides real-time price alerts, cryptocurrency news from hundreds of sources and analysis, and aims to act as an investment solution for cryptocurrency investors with tailored and fully customizable portfolios.
The launch of the new cryptocurrency app comes at the time when mainstream interest in cryptocurrencies is skyrocketing.
The cryptocurrency market nearly doubled in value this month, rising from a total market capitalization of US$324 billion at the beginning of December to now US$638 billion. Bitcoin continues to dominate the space, representing 44% of the market followed by Ethereum at 12% and Bitcoin Cash at 9%.
According to data from CoinMarketCap, nearly US$50 billion worth of transactions are being made each day and there are now more than 1,370 cryptocurrencies available worldwide.
The release comes on the heel of the announcement from Bloomberg last week of the addition of Ripple's XRP, Ethereum and Litecoin prices to its terminal service, which is used by international banks and investment houses.
With the lion's share of the 1,300 Palestinians killed in the Israeli attack on the Gaza Strip innocent civilians, there remains considerable international disquiet over the nation's conduct during the war, particularly in light of its use of white phosphorus weapons in densely populated civilian neighborhoods. But both the government and the military remain undaunted, defended every last killing as necessary.
“I am at peace with the fact that we did it,” insists Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni, who is in charge of the international effort to repair Israel's image in the wake of its latest war. They dismissed concerns about the civilian toll as a “product of circumstance,” adding “we seek out terrorists, and it can happen.”
The Israeli military likewise defended its behavior during the war, pointing to the thousands of threatening phone calls it made to Gazan civilians before the attacks and the enormous number of pamphlets they dropped from planes ordering them to flee their homes before they were destroyed in air strikes. They also repeated the accusations (without any new evidence to back them up) that Hamas was using civilians as human shields, and claimed that they also used ambulances for transportation. Considering the number of Israeli attacks on ambulances during the three week assault, and the difficulty legitimate ambulances had with getting anywhere near wounded civilians, this would seem like a poor mode of transportation.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Islamabad (AFP) – Pakistan's defence minister has threatened to retaliate in kind to any Israeli nuclear strike after apparently being tricked by a fake news site into a confrontation on social media.
Khawaja Asif was responding to an invented story published on the website AWDNews and headlined: “Israeli Defense Minister: If Pakistan send ground troops into Syria on any pretext, we will destroy this country with a nuclear attack.”
“Israeli def min threatens nuclear retaliation presuming pak role in Syria against Daesh (Islamic State).Israel forgets Pakistan is a Nuclear state too” the Pakistani minister tweeted Friday.
Their missive prompted a clarification from Israel's Ministry of Defense, which responded to them on Saturday:
“@KhawajaMAsif The statement attributed to fmr Def Min Yaalon re Pakistan was never said,” adding: “KhawajaMAsif reports referred to by the Pakistani Def Min are entirely false”.
Israel has a policy of ambiguity in relation to its nuclear arsenal, neither confirming nor denying its existence, but is widely believed to be an atomic power.
Pakistan, which conducted its first nuclear test in 1998, is believed by analysts to have around 120 nuclear weapons and the fastest growing stockpile.
Mainly Muslim Pakistan has no diplomatic ties with Israel.
Asif was widely mocked for their blunder.
“Our nuclear program is too serious a business to be left to Twitter-addicted politicians”, said prominent TV journalist Nusrat Javeed.
There is a rising tide of fake articles being widely shared on social media.
Earlier this month a rifle-wielding man entered a pizza restaurant in Washington, saying they wanted to investigate a fake news story that the establishment was a centre for child abduction linked to failed US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Last week Google said it was working to refine its algorithm to weed out “non-authoritative” information after a British news report showed a Holocaust denial website was the top result when users asked “Did the Holocaust happen?”
Mike Cernovich, an Infowars contributor and right-wing personality who has pushed the “Pizzagate” conspiracy that a child sex ring was operating underneath a Washington pizza restaurant, agreed with Infowars host Alex Jones yesterday that the “deep state” wants to censor their speech because they discuss conspiracy theories involving pedophilia.
On yesterday's episode of “The Alex Jones Show,” Cernovich accused liberal Hollywood actors of spreading conspiracy theories involving Russian president Vladimir Putin because Putin is opposed to pedophilia.
Cernovich speculated, “What I think is actually going on here is Putin is actually very anti-pedophile and has done a lot of things to fight the –“
Jones interrupted, “Oh no, that's what it is. There's a global anti-pedophile network. Now if you're not for the pedophiles, you're against them and that's what it is. And anybody for the deep state is now a pedophile.”
“Deep state is definitely part of the pedophile networks and they are pro-pedophile. There's no question about it,” Cernovich said.
Cernovich then claimed that Facebook and Google's lobbying to defeat a bill that would allow state attorneys general and victims of human trafficking to sue websites for not removing content advertising criminal sexual activities such as child prostitution was evidence that the companies are attempting to censor media personalities such as theirs because they discuss pedophilia.
“They're fighting hard to shut us up because, why?” Cernovich asked. “What is the common theme, Alex?”
“We're not pedophiles. We're not psychopaths. We're not in the psychopath club,” Jones replied.
“Yeah, if we quit talking about pedophiles and the pedophile rings then they would leave us alone,” Cernovich said. “That's what this is really about.”
Evilcindy is the best Santa ever! They freakin spoiled me! They were sweet enough to contact me on Friday to ask me a few personal questions and shipped on Monday. They definitely knew what to ask because they pegged me right!
I came home late front work and there, waiting for me on my kitchen table, was a big, beautiful box. I tore it open right away! Inside was:
*The graphic novel Preacher because I said I was interested in starting graphic novels but didn't know where to start. They highly recommended this one!
*A Legend of Zelda song book for the guitar because I said I own guitar but have yet to learn how to play it (even though I REALLY want to!). My brother is already teaching me!
*A Link hat! And my mom had the audacity to say I looked like ZELDA when I put it on (she doesn't get it).
*Cute Mario stickers because my 3ds needs a few decorations on it! But there's definitely enough to decorate a lot more stuff!
*A Question Box candy tin. I got one in my Nintendo exchange so now I have a matched set.
*And, last but not least, freakin Kirby Triple Deluxe for the 3ds!!!
Thank you so freakin much, Evilcindy! You should change your name to Awesomecindy! You're the best!
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A federal appeals court has temporarily frozen an order requiring the US military to accept openly gay soldiers.
The Ninth US Circuit Court of Appeals granted a request by the US government to suspend the lifting of the ban, leaving gay soldiers and new recruits in limbo.
The court will now consider whether to extend the temporary stay while it considers the Justice Department's appeal against US District Judge Virginia Phillips' ruling.
They ruled last week that the ban should end immediately and refused to stay their order but was overruled by the higher court.
The Pentagon has suspended investigations and firings of out gay soldiers and has instructed military recruiters to accept out gay applicants.
It is not yet clear what effect the freeze will have on sackings and recruitment.
This week, at least three veterans sacked under the law went to military recruitment centres to re-enlist. Gay and lesbian troops were warned by the Pentagon not to declare their sexual orientation while the legal situation remains unclear.
The case was brought by Republican gay group Log Cabin Republicans, which said it remained confident of repeal.
Their lawyer Dan Woods told Associated Press: “While we are disappointed with the court's ruling granting a temporary administrative stay, we view the decision as nothing more than a minor setback.”
The Obama administration supports repealing the ban but wants to see the law changed through Congress rather than the courts.
This video was taken 8.16.12 around 7:30 pm. This is the video of a fellow patriot, Brandon J Raub, being "arrested" and taken away by Chesterfield County Virginia Police Department. They showed up inquiring their postings on facebook, and then they just took him.
Former Marine Raub Brandon was taken by FBI and Secret Service last night (8/15/12) for their patriotic Facebook Posts. Now being held in mental hospital...DEVELOPING STORY!! SHARE EVERYWHERE! YOU ARE NEXT
edit on Fri Aug 17th 2012 by TrueAmerican because: (no reason given)
I love freedom, courage, and love, and 'faithfulness." I love America and the principles that this nation was founded on: Justice and Freedom are powerful ideas, and they are the only basis for a just government. I created this profile, my second, as stand against facebook's censoring of my previous profile. My original profile is Brandon J Raub. I am choosing not to use it until there is a government that operates out of justice.
edit on Fri Aug 17th 2012 by TrueAmerican because: (no reason given)
edit on Fri Aug 17th 2012 by TrueAmerican because: (no reason given)
edit on Fri Aug 17th 2012 by TrueAmerican because: (no reason given)
edit on Fri Aug 17th 2012 by TrueAmerican because: (no reason given)
Developing story, need ATS help on this-Photo from their FB page:YOUTUBE Description:A bit more in this video:Description:Well I am certainly not doubting the "YOU ARE NEXT" part. Anyway, perhaps someone with a facebook account can track this down and add something to this story...WHAT did they say on FB that would warrant the feds to come in and seize him??? What happened to their 4th Amendment rights?One apparent FB post:That sound like a threat to you?Edit: Their name is unclear whether it is Raub Brandon or Brandon Raub
When I think about what I want my future to look like, I envision a lot of different things: a small apartment in a big city, a husband, and lots and lots of dogs. I see myself walking down a busy street with black pumps and a Starbucks cup with some catchy indie song playing in the background. But mostly, I want to be successful on my own terms—I want to get my degree, get an internship and be a kick-ass editor at some hip publishing house.
I've always known I wasn't one of those girls who would be content just staying home and being a mother, and I hated that people expected that of me as a woman. Nothing sounds worse to me than a house in the suburbs, a minivan and mom jeans. Not that being a mother necessarily means becoming a Real Housewife of Suburbia, but it does mean making sacrifices I don't think I want to make.
It's not even that I don't like kids. I don't mind them for the most part…from a distance. I just hate that my body is biologically built to be a vessel and that I am somehow obligated to procreate because of my ability to do so. People look at me expectantly when I tell them my plans for the future as if I have forgotten some vital stepping-stone on my path to successful womanhood.
I just never developed that maternal instinct, that second-natured obsession with onesies and baby booties. I'm that girl that un-friends you on Facebook the minute you start posting weekly pregnancy updates. As a woman, everyone just expects you to want the white picket fence: marry the boy-next-door from high school, move to a good school district and have a baby girl named Emily or Sarah. It's become so ingrained in society's definition of womanhood that saying you're not sure if you want kids becomes blasphemous.
I want to have the luxury to just pack up my apartment and move halfway across the world. I want to travel on weekends, sleep in on Sundays, and work long hours during the busy season without feeling guilty for missing my son's bedtime for the third time this week.
I want to wear sexy lingerie around my house for no real reason. I want to eat late dinners at fancy restaurants. I want to see the ballet and opera and fashion week. I want to have friends in Paris and family in Amsterdam and a cabin in the mountains. The lifestyle that I dream of just isn't compatible with motherhood.
I'm not saying that this won't all change someday. Who knows? Maybe I'll wake up when I'm 32 and want nothing more than to settle down in a cozy neighborhood with a golden retriever. Maybe I'll name my son after my father and take up scrapbooking and I won't even think about the life I thought I wanted. But I have to at least try, don't I?
I dream of my future career more than I dream of my future children. This doesn't make me cold or reckless or less of a woman. I am not obligated by some biological contract to push out babies and shop at The Gap. I don't want to look back on my life and regret not doing the things I dreamed of as a little girl because I got busy with PTA meetings and bake sales and neighborhood picnics. I want to be able to look back and say I did everything I ever wanted and nothing that I didn't.
Architectures 5
The series Architectures presents a privileged and unprecedented look at the work of superstar architects and some of their most brilliant creations.
Architectures are devised by Richard Copans and Stan Neumann.
Co-produced by the European public television channel ARTE France, Les Films d'Ici; Centre Pompidou; Ministère de la Culture; Direction de l'Architecture et du Patrimoine; Musée d'Orsay; and Fondation Sasakawa, this series of 5 DVDs looks at architecture and its historical and social functions to reveal its meaning and impact on humanity.
Architectures 5 (2005-2007) presents six twenty-six minute films focussing on important works by major architects:
The Alhambra, Granada
Worried that their dynasty would disappear, the Nasrid sultans built this Red Castle in a strategic location over the city of Granada, ensuring that it became a paradise lost, dedicated to art, poetry and beauty.
A film by Frédéric Compain.
The House of Sugimoto, Kyoto
Built in 1743, this traditional Japanese architectural masterpiece portrays a different understanding of architecture and building. It is a typical ‘machiya' (Kyoto traditional townhouse) and was one of the largest rebuilt during the Meiji period.
A film by Richard Copans.
The Reception and Congress Building in Rome by Adalberto Libera
One of the most ambitious buildings of the Mussolini regime, the leader of Italy's modern movement attempted the impossible in combining fascism with modernity. It reflects Libera's great ability to design ambiguously in a spare, metaphysical language that sits on a knife-edge between modernism and neo-classicism.
A film by Stan Neumann.
The Yoyogi Olympic Gymnasiums by Kenzo Tange
Designed for the 1964 Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo, Kenzo Tange's two concrete gymnasiums are famous for their suspension roof design Their Pritzker Prize citation described it as “among the most beautiful buildings of the 20th century”.
A film by Richard Copans.
The Villa Barbaro (villa di Maser) by Andrea Palladio
Through inventing the villa, a new type of housing, in 1550, Palladio sought to combine aesthetics with utility in transforming the Venetian Medieval Palace of Maser into a splendid country residence. Their rigorous and innovative approach would have a lasting influence on Western architecture.
A film by Richard Copans.
Phaeno Science Center in Wolfsburg by Zaha Hadid
The sculptural power of the science center in Wolfsberg, Germany in which the plan is a landscape – the landscape of Zaha Hadid's experiences. The building is the realisation of an imaginative world that we know vividly through twenty years of abstract images. It permits us to experience space in ways that never seemed possible before.
A film by Richard Copans.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nicola Sturgeon said: "We will judge 50p tax issue year to year"
Raising the top rate of income tax to 50p straight away would see Scotland lose up to £30m a year, Nicola Sturgeon has said.
The first minister was quizzed on the BBC's Good Morning Scotland radio programme as part of a series of party leader interviews.
The SNP leader said they would not rule out an increase in the future.
They said they would get economic advisers to look at the risks involved and judge it on a year-by-year basis.
There is a concern that the top 1% of earners, who pay more than a fifth of the income tax total, are often more mobile.
If Scotland's taxes go up there would be an incentive to move their tax affairs.
Voters go to the polls on 5 May to elect their next MSPs.
The Scottish Parliament will have the ability to set income tax rates and bands from 1 April next year, making the issue key in the run-up to the election.
Speaking to presenter Gary Robertson, Ms Sturgeon said: "I've said I want to see a 50p tax rate. I don't believe the 50p tax rate should have been lowered to 45p.
"But I've got analysis prepared by civil servants that says if we do that right now then, within the current devolved powers, in Scotland alone then that could see us not raise additional revenue but lose us up to £30m a year.
"The reason for that is that while we have the power to set tax rates we don't have power over income tax avoidance. What I have said is we won't do that in the first year.
"I will task the council of economic advisers to look at this on an annual basis to determine whether or not there are ways in which we can mitigate that risk."
Image copyright Martin Shields Image caption Income tax featured heavily in the BBC's party leaders debate last week
They added: "It makes no sense to propose a tax measure knowing that it might reduce the amount of revenue we have to spend on our public services."
The SNP leader was also asked about issues including education, the controversial named person scheme and independence.
They said the SNP's programme for government was "ambitious" and builds on the past nine years, with education and health as their main priorities.
Asked about teacher numbers, they said: "We have made money available in both of our last two budgets to maintain teacher numbers. If you take probationer teachers for example, in each of the last five years the numbers have increased.
"In the year that we are about to go into there will be around 3,500 which is 66% above the level in 2011. And teacher unemployment is much lower."
During the interview, the first minister also said no parent would be required to pay any attention to a named person.
The scheme would allow a named person - usually a senior teacher - to provide advice, information or support where appropriate to promote, support or safeguard the wellbeing of youngsters under the age of 18.
'Patiently and respectfully'
Ms Sturgeon said: "If a young person wants advice, they are entitled to go to a named person.
"If a parent wants advice from a named person, they're entitled to get that advice. But a parent doesn't have to follow that advice.
"It's an entitlement in that sense, not an obligation."
Asked if parents could opt out, they said: "Every young person will have a named person. It is a universal service, a universal entitlement."
In their speech to their party conference earlier this month, Ms Sturgeon announced plans for a fresh campaign for independence.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has since called for a new look at the currency options for an independent Scotland.
Asked about this, Ms Sturgeon said: "I think we need to consider all aspects of the proposition we put forward.
"We did very well. During the referendum campaign the case for independence strengthened and won more and more support. We came very close to winning but we didn't win.
"I do want to build and win the case for independence. We will do that patiently and respectfully."
They added: "We will look again at all issues but I am not going to sit here and say what we would propose in a future referendum, that will depend on our reflections.
Elsewhere on the campaign trail, the Conservatives, Liberal Democrats and Labour are focusing on education and childcare, while the Scottish Greens set out their policy on income tax and proposals for local tax reform.
Photo: Getty Images
Last week, when Warner Brothers green-lit a new version of the movie A Star Is Born that will pair Bradley Cooper with Lady Gaga, it was as if a roulette wheel that had been spinning for 20 years had finally, improbably stopped. A Star Is Born has almost never not been in development; the story is as old as Hollywood's sound era, and its real-life origins even predate talkies. It is a romantic tragedy that the movie industry can't resist, because on some level it's a perfect representation of the way Hollywood sees itself, as a world in which public popularity and personal frailty are a lethal cocktail and in which everything — fame, success, awards, love — is a zero-sum game. Gaga may be perfect casting; A Star Is Born is American Horror Story: Showbiz.
If you've never seen any version of the film (this will be the fourth or fifth, depending on how you count), here's the bare-bones narrative: A young, talented woman who wants to be a performer attracts the attention of an established A-list star whose substance-abuse issues are starting to get the better of them in a public way. Quickly, a professional mentorship becomes a romantic alliance. The system yearns to alter them so it can capitalize off of them They change their name — Esther Blodgett becomes Vicki Lester. They move up; they move down. They win a major award, which triggers them to act out so publicly that they become an industry pariah. They still take care of them — she's willing to do anything for them — but they see what he's become (and what he's preventing them from becoming) and kills himself, either by swimming out too far or driving too fast. Their death allows them to fall apart, then pull themselves together and go on to even greater success while publicly affirming how much they loved the man who is now just a memory, not a millstone. In a climax of pre-feminist self-abnegation, they are no longer Esther or Vicki, but a keeper of the flame; this, they say, reintroducing themselves to the public, “is Mrs. Norman Maine.”
The title tells only half the story — the point of this narrative has, through 85 years, been “A star is born, so a star must die” — and its belief in a world with no stability, only upward and downward trajectories, makes it perfect for an industry in which success and failure have long been measured weekly and visibly, and in which the personal and the public can become indistinguishable.
Over the last almost-a-century, some of the toughest-minded writers ever to brush up against Hollywood — Dorothy Parker, Ben Hecht, Ring Lardner Jr., Moss Hart, John Gregory Dunne, and Joan Didion among them — have taken cracks at this script, and one could write a history of the ebb and flow of stardom just based on its casting. The first attempt at the story, a sort of beta test titled What Price Hollywood?, was directed by George Cukor in 1932, and is probably best remembered as the first movie to make a plot point out of the winning of an Academy Award, a ritual that was then just four years into its existence (the film calls it an “Academy Medal”). What Price Hollywood? took place in a recognizable world of real stars — it begins with a young woman (Constance Bennett, now little remembered but then one of Hollywood's highest-paid actores) kissing a fan-magazine photograph of Clark Gable. The drama was said to have been based on two real stories, one involving the silent-film star Colleen Moore, who had propped up the career of their alcoholic husband by making them their producer, and the other involving a young director named Tom Forman who shot themselves in 1926 after their career had deteriorated.
What Price Hollywood? hadn't gotten all the kinks out of the story — in its telling, the rising star must choose between two men, their alcoholic director and their prim husband. But it came close enough so that five years later, when David O. Selznick produced the first official Star Is Born, Cukor turned down the directing job because they felt he'd done it already, and RKO considered suing Selznick for plagiarism. Selznick's version, still the most coherent telling of the story, started with a cautionary note, unusual for the time, that “any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental,” perhaps because people were already guessing that its story was based on the public collapse of the marriage of Barbara Stanwyck and their troublemaking alcoholic husband, vaudeville performer Frank Fay, a year earlier.
The film starred Janet Gaynor and Fredric March — they had won the first-ever Best Actress Oscar in 1929, and they had won Best Actor a couple of years later, so there's delightful real-world resonance when they drunkenly Kanyes their acceptance speech to bark “I got one of those once for the best performance — they don't mean a thing!” and then accidentally backhands them It's a knowing, smart movie that presents Hollywood as a place of endless casual cruelty filled with more dreams and ambition than it can possibly accommodate. And it's also a shrewd and startling meta-text; the “This is Mrs. Norman Maine” last shot dissolves to a surprising after-image of the final page of the script, with that famously tear-jerking line and stage directions about the emotional effect it's meant to produce neatly typed. It's a melodrama that ends with a wink — it's only showbiz, folks.
A Star Is Born has always been a huge casting challenge; it takes a very secure actor to agree to play Norman, and a woman in touch with their own ambition, drive, and terror of failure to want to play opposite him. In 1942, Judy Garland played Esther in a radio adaptation; they spent the next decade trying to get a remake off the ground. By the time they did, in 1954, they were basically living both sides of the narrative, struggling to mount a comeback four years after the suspension of their MGM contract, after a suicide attempt, and with ongoing drug issues, and also working to support their new husband, Sid Luft, who got a producer credit on the movie and planned to use Garland to get a toehold in filmmaking. Garland reportedly went after every big name in Hollywood to play Norman — among those said to have turned it down before James Mason signed on were Montgomery Clift, Marlon Brando, and, wary of their then-toxic reputation, Cary Grant. Cukor did agree to direct this one, and the resulting very long, hastily reedited, and later semi-restored movie is baggy and uneven but memorable nonetheless for Garland's great, emotive, all-stops-out performance (both in the dramatic scenes and in their rendition of “The Man That Got Away.”)
The next Star Is Born starred Barbra Streisand; it arrived in 1976 and was by leagues the most financially successful and artistically forgettable version. As with Garland and Luft, there was a striving romantic partner behind the scenes who could themselves have been a character in the movie — Streisand's then-boyfriend Jon Peters. (Her DVD commentary-track remark, “Jon [very soft chuckle] wanted to be a producer,” contains a whole other movie's worth of things left unsaid.) Streisand made two reasonable calls — to infuse Esther with some of their own feminism, and to change the setting from movies to pop music. (The big humiliation moment comes not at the Oscars but at an oddly tiny, supper-club-ish version of the Grammys.) But the movie is largely a solo act. To play the down-and-out superstar who helps them move up, Streisand wanted the spookily-on-the-nose Elvis Presley, who hadn't made a picture in seven years and had less than a year to live at the time of this movie's release. Instead, they got Kris Kristofferson, who is appealing, human, and treated by the script as wallpaper.
A Star Is Born almost inevitably becomes about its leading lady. But if the Garland film turned the story into a testament to Esther's tremulous vulnerability, Streisand's is a solipsistic monument to the indestructibility that's part of their own persona. (“Why would I change my name?” this tougher, divorced, mouthy Esther says at the halfway point of the film — a line that's truer to this “My way or the highway” actor than to the character.) The movie embodies a Decade lack of sentimentality in which a star on their way down is defined not as a tragedy but as a hindrance. Them pivotal line: “You can trash your life, but you're not gonna trash mine.”
Streisand said of A Star Is Born that it “seems to work every 20 years,” and they were right; like clockwork, two decades after their own version, Warner Brothers suddenly had an appetite for it again. The 19 years of fits and starts that followed were documented only in trade-publication rumors; the truth behind them would probably make a great samizdat document of fluctuating star insecurity. In 1998, A Star Is Born was to pair Will Smith, then at their post–Independence Day/Men in Black apex, and Whitney Houston, on the way up in the proposed movie but just beginning to slip into trouble in real life. By 1999, Smith was still in but Houston was out, replaced by Jennifer Lopez, hot off of Out of Sight. When Smith hit their own rough patch with Wild Wild West, perhaps being a skidding star felt too close for comfort; suddenly Jamie Foxx was rumored as the lead. But by 2002, Smith's career had recovered and they were suddenly back in the picture, with directors as different as Oliver Stone and Joel Schumacher said to be interested. The project languished for years until suddenly, in 2010, stories appeared that Russell Crowe was thinking about playing Norman, and that Warner Brothers was seeking Beyoncé to play Esther. That gave way to a version that was to be directed by Clint Eastwood and star Leonardo DiCaprio — a plan reportedly derailed by DiCaprio's schedule and Beyoncé's pregnancy. The year 2012 brought new reports suggesting that Tom Cruise would play the falling star opposite Beyoncé. The Cruise idea went nowhere. Bradley Cooper first got the offer to star that year, reportedly tried to woo Beyoncé one last time, and then sought and won the hand of Lady Gaga, who, born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, surely knows a thing or two about the rough road that gets you from Esther Blodgett to Vicki Lester.
It's hard not to mourn all the Star Is Borns that could have been (Tom Cruise playing a Tom Cruise who's desperately trying to stay Tom Cruise while Beyoncé rockets past them is a movie I would have eagerly lined up to see). But Cooper and Gaga taking on a modern adaptation of this story is, on paper, a great idea. A Star Is Born only becomes more relevant in a social-media era in which celebrities commodify their lives one minute, tweet, and Instagram at a time and in which the public combination of prurience and judgment that is aimed at them is exponentially more intense than it was when the story originated. This will also be the first version in which both leads are, in a sense, the film's auteurs; Cooper will direct the movie and Gaga will write songs for it. That feels potentially more appealing and less imbalanced than the masochistic Garland or self-absorbed Streisand versions. If Cooper digs deep — warning flag: that can be hard to do for a star directing themselves — this could be their defining role; outward charm combined with inward self-disgust feel like qualities that are absolutely in their arsenal. As for Gaga, an artist who fights to be recognized and famed for their talent even as they play with the whole notion that they have an identity to begin with could be a superb fit for a 21st-century Esther.
To be sure, there are ways in which the premise of A Star Is Born is dated, both in terms of fame and what the audience imagines it does to relationships; in the Beyoncé version, they wouldn't sacrifice everything if life with their husband started handing their lemons; she'd make Lemonade, and we'd applaud. A modern, rehab-era version of this story can't just pin everything on one partner's booze or pill problem; it also has to be about an addiction to success and fame, and to feature two people who don't mean to hurt each other but are willing to play hard to get what they want. But if the film is to work, one thing can't change: Only one of them can be left standing at the end. That is the cold heart of A Star Is Born, the bitterest of all Hollywood romances, nightmares, and cautionary fables, and one that apparently will never go out of style.
Airing in the Sunday, Aug. 30, editions of SportsCenter, ESPN's SC Featured examines the story of Braeden Lange, their relationship with former Dartmouth goalie Andrew Goldstein and the Courage Game.
IL columnist Peter Lasagna attended the Courage Game. Read their account of Lange's story below.
Andrew and Braeden playing lacrosse in Central Park. (Photo Courtesy of Andrew Goldstein)
Scott and Mandy Lange knew their bedside table did not contain the playbook for this Feb. 8 late night talk. Their 12-year old son Braeden had come out as gay to their best friend via social media. Braeden knew their parents would see. They walked down the hall to tell them they were there for him.
Dad, a West Chester University graduate, felt this unplanned conversation went fairly positively. Afterward, their Google search indicated otherwise. “It turns out,” Scott recalls with self-deprecating humor, “that I pretty much nailed the top four ‘Questions not to ask your child who comes out.'”
Was they sure? Was they old enough to know this for certain? Didn't they have a girlfriend? Could this be about something else? Was this a phase?
Their parents, 14-year old brother, 10- and 7-year old sisters would offer Braeden as much love, support and normalcy as always. Eldest Blake quipped, “What do you mean? He's still stupid and aggravating. So what?”
But their accepting family could not protect Braeden from hurtful posts of peers that quickly popped up on web sites. Scott recalls the initial, 140-question long anonymous thread that Braeden shared with their parents. “The first few questions were not surprising for 12-year olds dealing with this revelation, but the majority were really tough. There were positive statements but many more were not.”
Their Downingtown, Pa., suburbs are enjoying an amazing population boom. This rapid growth necessitated construction of a new school building that accommodates 1,100 sixth graders. Word travels fast, without filters, in such a setting.
Scott and Mandy could not console their son, and Braeden had very few people they felt comfortable turning to outside of their home. They thought they couldn't trust anyone, even worried that teammates were likely behind some of the nasty Internet chatter. They cried every morning at the prospect of facing classmates, the best lacrosse buddies that had changed their opinion of them overnight.
Scott describes that first month as “very dark.” Braeden shut down. They pushed friends away and craved only “to be normal.” Most frightening to their folks, Braeden talked about “just wanting to go away.”
Mandy reminded their husband about Andrew Goldstein. Goldstein is the two-time All-America goalie from Dartmouth who scored a memorable goal vs. Syracuse in the 2003 NCAA Tournament.  They are also the first American professional athlete (Long Island Lizards) to come out during their playing career and a happily married Ph.D. microbiologist at UCLA.
Six hours after hearing from a desperate Scott, Goldstein sent an uplifting video. In it, they call Braeden, “The bravest kid I've ever heard of.” Goldstein then mailed their Lizards helmet to Braeden.
Their father saw light blaze back into their boy's eyes. Their son did not cry that night.
Andrew spent FaceTime hours with both parents and Braeden. They held the boy “accountable,” relates Scott, in crucial ways. They encouraged Braeden to let their friends back in their life. “It took you a year to make this decision,” they counseled. “You want them to be OK with it immediately. You have to give them time.”
Goldstein, Nick Welton, the Can Play folks, LaxAllStars.com and other allies rallied to create the Courage Game. On the Sunday of Championship Weekend at Penn's Ace Adams Field, 50 youth and 30 adult players from Philadelphia and beyond, with hundreds of enthusiastic fans, came to support Braeden, stand for inclusion, against bullying and demonstrate that all are welcome in The Creator's Game.
One of the most impressive spokespersons of the day was 11-year old Dylan McMahon. Dylan “plays up” on Braeden's team and attends a different school. They were an “outside” friend Braeden trusted throughout the hardest times, one of the few. Dylan's dad Scott, a former Terp, coaches with Scott Lange.
Dylan looked straight into the ESPN camera and calmly articulated the empathy and caring thoughtfulness of someone five times their age. “He's just my friend and a really good lacrosse player,” Dylan explained. “He's a great friend because they always speak their mind. He's never afraid to express their opinion, even when it's hard.”
Andrew Goldstein commented on the natural shift forward for the kids on the field. “These players will use less homophobic language, call something derogatorily ‘gay' less because of playing here today. They will think more before bullying people because of Braeden.”
Opportunities to watch literal, generational change happen before one's eyes do not come often. Dom Starsia, son Joe and their son Dom, wives Krissy and Pam witnessed. US Lacrosse's Steve Stenersen, Nike's Bill Daye did as well. To behold so many brought together in the name of respecting all people revealed the best of lacrosse.
There were likely more straight than gay players out on the field. Nobody thought about — or cared — who the person passing them the ball loved. They just wanted an accurate feed when they were open!
Braeden's father describes their “most touching” moment of the Courage Game. A 65-year old man asks a friend of Scott's to play catch. They explain that they walked away from the game in 1980, shortly after coming out. They were afraid they would not be accepted.
Until today.
“I had tears in my eyes when I saw them ask Braeden for their autograph,” the father says.
The Langes credit Goldstein for saving their son's life. “He went from a kid who cried every night to a kid who is back. He's more thoughtful, more confident, relaxed. We have Andrew and the lacrosse community to thank for that.”
Braeden wants to impress their new mentor today. The talented, lefty attackman holds high standards. They hit one but not their usual, multiple goals. “I didn't play my best, but I had so much fun,” Braeden says afterward. Perhaps most importantly, for Braeden's future happiness and their parents' grateful hearts, their smiling boy states, “Everyone knows who I am and that feels really good.”
It is clear that this brave 12-year old has saved lives, as well.
Peter Lasagna's column appears in the July issue of Inside Lacrosse, featuring the Denver Pioneers on the cover. It is available for purchase here.
This story was originally posted on InsideLacrosse.com on June 23.
Peter Lasagna is the head coach at Bates College. The '94 Coach of the Year at Brown and '15, '13 and '05 NESCAC Coach of the Year at Bates, he's a member of the Greater Rochester Lacrosse Hall of Fame.
Chelsea stepped up a gear in their preparations for the new season after a much improved second-half performance against Thailand All Stars meant the Blues eventually cruised to a 4-0 win.
The first half display was again of tireless hard work, without much reward, but the introduction of fresh legs on the hour mark made the final thirty minutes look like a stroll in the park.
Another jam-packed stadium was the scene for this pre-season encounter, with crowds filling the Rajamangala Stadium to full capacity on a hot and humid evening in Bangkok.
After using the diamond formation in the second part of the game in Malaysia, it was back to customary 4-3-3 with Fernando Torres as the lone man up top. Petr Cech got their first action on the tour after missing the previous games with a knock.
With the lack of wide players in the squad, once again Nicolas Anelka and Daniel Sturridge were asked to play in wide positions, a fact which just doesn't do any good to them, and in the long-run to the team as well for that matter.
With Ron Gourlay declaring that two signings are imminent, one must hope that the management is looking in this direction, although with one of them being expected to be Barcelona youngster Oriol Romeu, it wouldn't be surprising if this position is left out again.
Josh McEachran was deployed in an advanced role with Mikel guarding the back four, and as ever the youngster delivered an impressive performance, further strengthening their case for more regular first-team action.
The game was played in a stop start manner, and with the Thai's defending in number it was very difficult for the Chelsea forward line to create any proper openings.
Chelsea did have their chances though with Torres dragging their shot wide on the only occasion they got free from being surrounded by a clutch of defenders, and John Terry even put the ball into the net, but the supplier, Anelka, was adjudged offside.
The breakthrough did come before the break though, as Frank Lampard's measured shot from distance didn't give the diving Tanganurat any chance. It was the first goal by a Chelsea player since the Wycombe game, with own goal helping us out in the previous two outings.
For a team that has only been assembled a few days before this encounter, the Thai All Stars gave a good account of themselves and put the Chelsea defence under pressure with their counter-attacks every now and then.
With the start of the season coming near, it was time to start giving more playing to players and stop the practice of having a different team for each half.
Only Hilario was introduced for the start of the second half, and what an introduction it was, as the experienced keeper produced a series of stunning saves at the start of the second half, but not before Chelsea put the game beyond the Thai's.
Two goals in two minutes from Chelsea defenders dented the confidence of the Stars and cheered the large contingent of Chelsea fans in the stands. The first was a lucky strike after Bosingwa's attempted cross wasn't directed properly and was misjudged by the keeper to double the lead.
If the first goal was a mistake, then the second one was pure beauty. A marauding Ivanovic came from the back and exchanged one-two with Josh McEachran, before slotting in a cool finish beyond the keeper to make it comfortable for the Blues.
On the hour mark it was time to give the boys a rest and bring on the fresh legs as eight players were substituted with all the starting players bar Mikel now off the pitch.
Chelsea's left hand side now had a combination of experienced international players in the shape of Cole, Zhirkov and Malouda, and all three combined well as Malouda put in another goal to make the score line even more impressive. Ashley Cole slid in the through ball for Florent Malouda to thump it in, their second goal of the season.
With the game now comfortable, there was a debut for Jamal Blackman, the tall goalkeeper from Croydon got their first taste of senior football, a moment they will cherish for a long time.
The game must give Villas-Boas some satisfaction as the team finally showed glimpses of getting into their groove, although the tiring Thai All Star players didn't trouble them much in the later stages.
There may be media condemnation of the fact that none of the strikers seem to look like scoring, but it will come with time as the forwards play more together, although playing strikers in wide areas isn't helping anyone as was clearly evident from the first half today and in the previous games as well.
Its four clean sheets in four, but there were times when the Chelsea defenders were caught on their heels, but that shouldn't be that big a issue with team continuing to show improvement with each game.
The continued absence of Alex could be a cause of concern with the nature of injury not yet known.
Chelsea next take part in the Premier League Asia trophy in Hong Kong.
André Villas-Boas was delighted with their team finally breaking their shackles, they said; ‘I said in Malaysia we had a lot of chances and a lot of goals you don't score and it changes your perspective on how you look at the game,' the manager reported. ‘Today you score more goals and everything looks more positive.
‘I will keep the same opinion, we had the same behaviours and the same pattern of what we are trying to achieve.
‘It is not that this performance was great compared to the other one, it is just that we scored more goals and it seems that everything is positive.'
Chelsea: Cech (Hilario h-t (Blackman 76)); Bosingwa (Ferreira 61), Ivanovic (Chalobah 76), Terry (c) (Rajkovic 61), Van Aanholt (Cole 61); McEachran (Zhirkov 61), Mikel (Clifford 76), Lampard (Benayoun 61); Anelka (Kalou 61), Torres (Drogba 61), Sturridge (Malouda 61).
Goals: Lampard 37, Bosingwa 49, Ivanovic 51, Malouda 72
Video (02:31) : More than four decades before the U.S. Supreme Court affirmed the right of same-sex couples to marry nationwide, Jack Baker and Michael McConnell applied for a marriage license and were wed in Minnesota.
Their intuition came from different sources: Jack Baker, from their time in law school, and Michael McConnell, from their belief that “love is the most powerful force in the universe.”
But both men felt sure in 1970, after becoming the first same-sex couple to apply for a marriage license, that gay marriage would become legal throughout the United States.
They just never imagined that it would take more than 40 years. “I was off by a few decades,” Baker said last week in the dining room of the south Minneapolis home they've restored over that time. Beside him, McConnell chuckled.
Back in 1972, the U.S. Supreme Court refused — with a one-sentence dismissal — to hear their argument for a marriage license. So when the same court recently decided that the Constitution guarantees same-sex couples the right to marry, there was direct personal vindication for Baker and McConnell in a line tucked in the majority opinion: “Baker v. Nelson must be and now is overruled …”
The decision “represents a kind of constitutional apology to Jack Baker and Mike McConnell, 43 years later,” said Dale Carpenter, a University of Minnesota law professor and authority on sexual orientation and the law.
It's also an acknowledgment of their early focus on marriage, which was unpopular even in parts of the gay community. That agenda remains “a work in progress,” Baker noted, because of a continuing dispute over whether their marriage license is valid.
Graphic: Read the 1971 Baker v. Nelson decision Graphic: Read the 1971 Baker v. Nelson decision
“What the decision spoke to was that core of commitment and love,” said McConnell, whose voice catches each time they reflect on Justice Anthony Kennedy's “beautifully worded” decision. “For so long, I think gay men and women were seen as something less than committed, loving people.”
A love story
The pair, both age 73, have been together for 49 years — so long that they tag-team their love story (“I want Jack to tell this part”) and mark it with knowing glances (“Jack has heard this a thousand times, of course”).
A mutual friend introduced them in 1966, at a barn party in Oklahoma. Baker fell in love with McConnell at first sight, they said, seeing that they had “the four T's — tall, thin, 22 or tall, thin, 23.” McConnell wasn't sure what to make of Baker's flattop, from their time in the Air Force, or the engineer's serious manner. But the friend brushed off McConnell's doubts. “He said, ‘Oh, Michael, you don't know what you're talking about,' ” McConnell recalled. “ ‘You two are destined for each other.' Which, as it turned out, was absolutely true.”
By the time Baker suggested the two become lovers, the term at the time, McConnell expected a lifelong relationship. They told Baker yes, but “only if we can be married legally,” McConnell said. “He kind of paused,'' McConnell said. “Then they said, ‘OK, I guess I'll have to go to law school.' ” That launched the pair's personal agenda and public activism, which would put them on the nightly news, in the pages of Look magazine and on “The Phil Donahue Show.”
Baker enrolled at the University of Minnesota Law School and was elected in 1971 as the first openly gay student-body president. Separated by school and work obligations for a time, the pair sent one another letters and postcards, now preserved in the U's Jean-Nickolaus Tretter Collection in Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Studies. Between advice on one another's résumés and thoughts on gay rights, the pair scrawled silly love notes.
“Will you be my valentine?” Baker doodled on a postcard in 1970, inside a red heart. “Will you marry me as soon as I get the license?” they asked in May of that year.
When Baker and McConnell applied for a marriage license, an act that later cost McConnell a job offer from the U, they invited the press along. The Hennepin County clerk, Gerald Nelson, refused. So the couple took their quest to court.
It was first time someone had sued claiming a constitutional right to marry a person of the same sex, Carpenter said. “So it was audacious and revolutionary in its time.”
A few months before the Minnesota Supreme Court ruled against them — proclaiming that “the institution of marriage as a union of man and woman … is as old as the book of Genesis” — Baker hatched a plan that exploited what they described as a lack of detail in Minnesota law.
First, McConnell adopted Baker in order to get many of the legal protections otherwise afforded to married, heterosexual couples. That process also offered the opportunity for Baker to legally change their name and they picked the gender-neutral Pat Lyn McConnell. Then they stayed for a while in Mankato, where they had friends, establishing residency in order to get a Blue Earth County marriage license.
Back then, Baker said, Minnesota marriage statutes did not explicitly require the two “parties” to be of the opposite sex. Nor did the law explicitly prevent a person from marrying someone they had adopted, Baker said.
“The statutes at that time were very loosely written,” they said. “We were taking advantage of that.”
September wedding
A Methodist minister married them in a friend's Minneapolis home on a hot September day in 1971. They wore matching macramé headbands, white pantsuits and wide smiles. A video of the ceremony shows them exchanging gold rings, crafted by a friend, that they still wear today.
Recently, McConnell had printed a large photograph of the two on their honeymoon, wearing robes made by their mother. They plan to hang it upstairs, with other photos of their history.
Gallery: Gallery: Minnesota's first same-sex couple known to apply for a marriage license are still married today Gallery: Gallery: Minnesota's first same-sex couple known to apply for a marriage license are still married today
In 1980, after more than a decade of activism, “we decided we needed our own, private life again,” McConnell said. They stopped giving interviews, even as the gay rights movement grew. McConnell focused on their career, rising within the Hennepin County Library system. After retiring at 68, the librarian began sifting through the 40 big boxes of Pride posters, press clippings and letters in their basement. They wrote a memoir, set to be published in January by the University of Minnesota Press.
In 2013, when the Minnesota Senate approved same-sex marriage, McConnell watched from the gallery. “That was amazing,” they said, shaking their head, “absolutely amazing.” They also attended the first marriages in Minneapolis City Hall that year.
The pair didn't apply for a license. Theirs, from 1971, is legal and valid, they said. But last fall, they got an unhappy surprise: Their marriage certificate was never officially recorded. A February letter from the Blue Earth County attorney's office said the license was “legally defective,” so “the marriage was not considered valid and has not been recorded.”
A call and e-mail to that office by the Star Tribune was not returned.
The couple is weighing whether to “seek redress to force Blue Earth County to record the license,” Baker said. “At this stage in the game, they don't have a leg to stand on. That's my opinion.”
But they'd rather enjoy retirement — Baker in the yard, McConnell in the kitchen — perhaps traveling, Baker said. “At this point, we're not interested in more lawsuits.”
The minister who signed the certificate, Roger Lynn, 77, considers their marriage among their most successful. They were, and continue to be, they said, “a loving couple, well-matched.”
No regrets
Jack Baker, left, went to law school to figure out how to marry Mike McConnell.
Despite getting flooded with mail, about half of it negative, Lynn has “never regretted” performing the couple's ceremony.
Baker and McConnell, too, got letters from all over the world. Through the years, they saved every note, even the caustic ones, labeling some envelopes with the word “hate.” One was addressed simply to, “Homosexuals, Minneapolis.” But most of the notes thanked them for stepping forward. Many authors revealed their own homosexuality and asked how they, too, might find somebody to love.
“The isolation then was intense and cruel,” McConnell said.
The couple's materials are “remarkable” partly because they were visible at a time when few gay people were, said Lisa Vecoli, curator of the Tretter Collection. “They were also very conscious that they were making history.”
After they retreated from the public eye, the mail slowed.
Then a note arrived in June: “Congratulations, sirs, on your lasting marriage. I'm confident the United States Supreme Court will uphold this right for all of us. It's only right that they do so.”
A few days later, the court did.
Mr. Di Rupo, the son of an Italian immigrant, will take office committed to cutting 11.3 billion euros (about $15.2 billion) from the national budget. They have also promised to improve their spoken Dutch, which is glaringly weak in a country where officials and politicians routinely are fluent in both of the country's main languages, and in English, another tongue that gives Mr. Di Rupo trouble.
Photo
“If you're looking for public support for a government, it may be a problem when the leader of that government has difficulty speaking the language of the majority,” Yves Leterme, the caretaker prime minister who will yield to Mr. Di Rupo on Monday, said on Dutch television.
An editorial in Le Soir, a French-language newspaper, said: “Elio Di Rupo speaks Dutch poorly and will never speak it better.  They are — everyone knows — feeble at languages.”
Dutch speakers were once victims of discrimination by the country's French-speaking elite. Now they provide much of Belgium's economic dynamism, and often resent having to support the less prosperous French-speaking areas, leading to growing separatist sentiment.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Flanders is where the new government will be most sorely tested. The new coalition excludes the Flemish separatists who won the most seats of any single party in the last election.
It does include the Flemish wings of the Socialist, Christian Democratic and Liberal Parties, and the leaders of those blocs have won increased regional control over economic policy and concessions in a complex voting-boundary dispute. But Lieven De Winter, professor of politics at the Université Catholique de Louvain, said that may not be enough to help Mr. Di Rupo in the north.
“This government cannot be popular, due to the fact that it will have to implement cuts and the fact that the opposition in Flanders will say that everything they do is at the Flemish expense,” Professor De Winter said.
Even so, they said, the new government will probably survive until the next elections are due in 2014 — “not because of its dynamism or popularity, but through the lack of an alternative.”
Eventually, I'd like to install solar panels on our house, but I want to know that it will be worth it before I commit the money. Back in 2007, I wrote a library for calculating the path of the sun given the time and your location on the earth. Since then, I've been thinking about the next step, which is calculating how much neighboring houses and trees would obstruct the sun at different times of the day. In a nutshell, I wanted to replicate the calculations performed by devices like the Solmetric Suneye without paying $1500 for the device. To do the job right, I still need a quality circular fisheye lens ($680 new), but I've got a first approximation working with a $13 door peephole from McMaster.
(I do realize that I could just get a solar contractor to do all the site evaluation for me for free. That misses the point. If all I wanted was some sort of fiscal efficiency, I'd get a job as a financial executive or maybe something different from that, like a bank robber.)
Back to the task at hand.
Below is the image I started with, which I took back in the fall, before the leaves fell off the trees. This was using a Canon SD450 camera and the asupervisorstioned peephole. I didn't take particular care to level the camera or center the peephole.
Using the Python Imaging Library, I cropped the photo to be square and switched to black and white mode. Then I mapped concentric rings in the image below to the subsequent straightened image.
Here's the straightening code. The guts are in the nested for loops near the end. (If there are any Pythonistas out there who know how to iterate over concentric rings using a list comprehension or map(), please let me know. The code below is functional and reasonable clear, but a little slow.)
# Code under GPLv3; see pysolar.org for complete version. def despherifyImage ( im ): ( width , height ) = im . size half_width = im . size [ 0 ] / 2 half_height = im . size [ 1 ] / 2 inpix = im . load () out = Image . new ( "L" , ( width , half_height )) outpix = out . load () full_circle = 1000.0 * 2 * pi for r in range ( half_width ): for theta in range ( int ( full_circle )): ( inx , iny ) = ( round ( r * cos ( theta / 1000.0 )) + half_width , round ( r * sin ( theta / 1000.0 )) + half_width ) ( outx , outy ) = ( width - width * ( theta / full_circle ) - 1 , r ) outpix [ outx , outy ] = inpix [ inx , iny ] return out
The straightening works pretty well, but there is a little distortion that I think is caused by the peephole not being a perfectly spherical lens. Also, because the peephole is not centered on the camera lens, my concentric ring transformation isn't centered either.
From here, I needed to figure out where the sky ends and the buildings or trees start. Unfortunately, the buildings and trees are both lighter and darker than the sky in different places, so I can't just look for one type of transition. To detect the edge, I scan down each column of pixels and calculate the difference in darkness between consecutive pixels, ignoring whether the change was from light to dark or the reverse. The image below shows those differences, amplified by 10x to increase the contrast. The mathematicians call this calculation a finite forward difference.
Here's the finite difference code.
# Code under GPLv3; see pysolar.org for complete version. def differentiateImageColumns ( im ): ( width , height ) = im . size pix = im . load () for x in range ( width ): for y in range ( height - 1 ): pix [ x , y ] = min ( 10 * abs ( pix [ x , y ] - pix [ x , y + 1 ]), 255 ) return im
The last step is to scan down each column looking for the first large value. The first change that crosses a threshold is recorded. The final output is an array of values that measure the angle of the highest obstruction as a function of direction. As a sanity check, I drop a red dot on each value. It's hard to make out in the thumbnail below, but if you click on the image below, you'll get a larger version where you can see the red dots work pretty well.
I think the next step will be to calculate the total energy delivered per year using Pysolar.
Here's the full code.
"Even today there are these people who, in the name of God, kill, persecute" and "in some countries, you go to jail for just possessing the Gospel".
Vatican City (AsiaNews) - Pope Francis has wept for Christians crucified in Syria. They said so themselves this morning - remembering what happened in a "non-Christian country" - during the mass celebrated at Casa Santa Marta, commenting on the reading from the Acts of the Apostles, in which Christ's disciples are flogged by the Sanhedrin. They noted that in today's world there are still "masters of conscience" [thought police - ed] and in some countries you can still go to jail for possessing a Gospel or wearing a crucifix.
Vatican Radio reports that the flogging by the Sanhedrin proposed three icons to Pope Francis: the first is Jesus' love for people, their attention to peoples' problems. They said the Lord is not concerned with how many people follow him, they would "never even thinks of taking a census" to see if "the Church has grown ... no! They speak, preaches, loves, accompanies, travels on the path with people, meek ​​and humble". They speak with authority, that is, with "the power of love".
The second icon is the "jealousy" of the religious authorities of the time: "They couldn't stand the fact that people followed Jesus! They couldn't stand it! They were jealous. This is a really bad attitude to have. Jealousy and envy, and we know that the father of envy" is "the devil". It was through their envy that evil came into the world". Pope Francis continued: "These people knew who Jesus was: they knew! These people were the same who had paid the guard to say that the disciples had stolen Christ's body!".
"They had paid to silence the truth. People can be really evil sometimes! Because when we pay to hide the truth, we are [committing] a very great evil. And that's why people knew who they were. They would not follow them, but they had to tolerate them because they had authority: the authority of the cult, the authority of the ecclesiastical discipline at that time, the authority of the people ... and the people followed. Jesus said that they weighed people down with oppressive weights and made them carry them on their shoulders. These people cannot tolerate the meekness of Jesus, they cannot tolerate the meekness of the Gospel, they cannot tolerate love. And they pay out of envy, out of hate".
During the gathering of the Sanhedrin there is a "wise man", Gamaliel, who asks the religious leaders to free the apostles. Thus, the Pope insists, there are these first two icons: Jesus who is moved to see people "without a shepherd" and the religious authorities ...
"These, with their political maneuvering, with their ecclesiastical maneuvers to continue to dominate the people ... And so, they bring forth the apostles, after this wise man had spoken, the called the apostles and had them flogged and ordered them not to speak in the name of Jesus. Then they freed them. 'We have to do something, we will give them a sound hiding and send them on their way! . Unjust! but they did it. They were the masters of conscience [thought police], and felt they had the power to do so. Masters of conscience ... Even in today's world , there are so many".
Then Pope Francis confessed: "I cried when I saw reports on the news of Christians crucified in a certain country, that is not Christian. Still today - they pointed out - there are these people who kill and persecute, in the name of God. Still today, "we see many who" like the apostles "rejoice that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor in Christ's name". This - they said - "is the third icon today. The Joy of witness".
"First icon: Jesus with people, their love, the path that They have taught us, which we should follow. The second icon: the hypocrisy of these religious leaders of the people, who had people imprisoned with these many commandments, with this cold, hard legality, and who also paid to hide the truth. Third icon: the joy of the Christian martyrs, the joy of so many of our brothers and sisters who have felt this joy in history, this joy that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for Christ's name. And today there are still so many! Just think that in some countries, you can go to jail for just carrying a Gospel. You may not wear a crucifix or you will be fined. But the heart rejoices. The three icons: let us look at them today. This is part of our history of salvation".
Reed Saxon/Associated Press
Roy E. Disney, the nephew of Walt Disney who helped revitalize the Walt Disney Studio's famed animation division and at times publicly feuded with top executives at the company, died on Wednesday at Hoag Memorial Presbyterian Hospital in Newport Beach, Calif., following a year-long battle with stomach cancer, according to a spokesperson from the company. They were 79.
Mr. Disney served as a director emeritus and consultant to the company until their death. From 1984-2003, they held the post of vice chairperson of the board of directors of the Walt Disney Company and chairperson of the studio's animation department. They resigned in 2003 citing “serious differences of opinion about the direction and style of management” and subsequently helped lead an investor uprising that culminated with the departure of Michael Eisner as chief executive and chairperson.
“He was much more than a valued 56-year company veteran,” said Bob Iger, president and chief executive of the company. “Roy's true passion and focus were preserving and building upon the amazing legacy of Disney animation that was started by their father and uncle. Roy's commitment to the art of animation was unparalleled and will always remain their personal legacy and one of their greatest contributions to Disney's past, present and future.”
John Lasseter, chief creative officer for Walt Disney and Pixar Animation Studios, added, “I first met Roy when I was still an animation student at CalArts. Not only did I consider them a personal friend, but they were a great man who believed deeply in the art of animation. They put their heart and soul into preserving Disney's legendary past, while helping to move the art of animation into the modern age by embracing new technology.”
Mr. Disney was born in Los Angeles on Jan. 10, 1930, to Roy O. Disney and Edna Francis Disney. Their father and their uncle co-founded the company. As a child, Roy E. Disney would often play in the animation studio hallways, with animators using them as a test audience as they toiled on films like “Pinocchio.”
They began their entertainment industry career in 1952, working as an assistant film editor on the “Dragnet” TV series. They joined the Walt Disney Company in 1953 as an assistant film editor, where their credits included the landmark Academy Award-winning “True-Life Adventures” features, “The Living Desert” and “The Vanishing Prairie.”
As a writer and production associate, they received an Oscar nomination for their work on the short subject “Mysteries of the Deep” in 1959, and in 2003 as producer for “Destino.” From writing, Disney went on to produce and direct some 35 other TV and theatrical productions, including the landmark 1968 documentary “Varda, the Peregrine Falcon,” before leaving in 1977 to become an independent producer and investor.
An avid sailor – they held numerous yacht racing records – Mr. Disney was also the chairperson of Shamrock Holdings, a family investment enterprise that they organized in 1978.
“Roy and I enjoyed a 35-year friendship and partnership that was simply special,” said Stanley Gold, president of Shamrock Holdings. “We faced many business challenges together, had fun in the process and enjoyed a wide variety of professional successes. Roy was a man who was steadfastly loyal to their principles and to their friends. They were a gracious, humble gentleman who could make the tough decisions life sometimes requires.”
WHEN WAS THE last time you bought a penny sweet? Or ten penny sweets for ten pennies?
We're guessing it's been a while, seeing as ‘penny sweets' can now cost anything from 2c to a jaw-dropping 5c, and of course by rights we should be called them ‘cent sweets', which is just nonsense.
A recent post on the Irish arm of Reddit has got us thinking about the price of sweets and how 20p used to get you a Big Time bar, a packet of 5p crisps AND five penny sweets. Now it wouldn't even buy you a Stinger.
Here's the Animal Bar outrage:
Animal Bars gone up to 30c?! This country has gone to sh*t.
And the Redditor is not alone…
Remember when a Chomp was 10p?
How much will a Chomp set you back these days? (@EightiesTunes/Twitter)
Big Time bars were 10p too
You can buy them online for anything from 35c to 65c (Caffreys)
A packet of crisps was 12p, and then 14p… and even 3p at one stage!
(Memory Radio Boyle)
You could get Sparklers, and they were 10p:
1988 HB prices (Unilever archives/HB Ice Cream Memories)
What are your abiding memories of the sweets you bought and loved? Let us know in the comments section below…
Updated 1:53 p.m. ET
ABOARD THE PAPAL AIRCRAFT
Pope Francis reached out to gays, saying they won't judge priests for their sexual orientation in a remarkably open and wide-ranging news conference Monday as they returned from their first foreign trip.
"If someone is gay and they search for the Lord and has good will, who am I to judge?" Francis asked. "We shouldn't marginalize people for this. They must be integrated into society."
Francis' predecessor, Pope Benedict XVI, signed a document in 2005 that said men who had deep-rooted homosexual tendencies should not be priests. Francis was much more conciliatory in their first news conference as pope, saying gay clergymen should be forgiven and their sins forgotten.
The comments did not signal any change in church policy. Catholic teaching still holds that homosexual acts are "intrinsically disordered." But they indicated a shift in tone under Francis' young papacy and an emphasis on a church that is more inclusive and merciful rather than critical and disciplinary.
Asked for comment, Vatican spokesperson Father Federico Lombardi told CBS News that the pope was "for sure" not just referring to gay priests, but to all gays.
Lombardi said this did not represent a change in church teachings. As Pope Francis pointed out themselves in their answer, the church's catechism teaches that gays are to be accepted and welcomed, not discriminated against. Lombardi pointed out that during the press conference the pope specifically confirmed church teachings on abortion and female ordination.
The thing that was different here, Lombardi said, was the pope's attitude, which puts mercy, forgiveness and understanding "in the forefront."
Francis also said they wanted a greater role for women in the church, though they insisted that they cannot become priests.
They were funny and candid during the 82 minutes they spent with journalists on board the plane returning from Brazil. They didn't dodge a single question, and even thanked the journalist who raised allegations contained in an Italian news magazine that one of their trusted monsignors was involved in a gay tryst.
Francis said they investigated the allegations according to canon law and found nothing to back them up.
They took journalists to task for reporting on the matter, saying the allegations concerned matters of sin, not crimes like sexually abusing children. And when someone sins and confesses, they said, God not only forgives  but forgets.
"We don't have the right to not forget," they said.
The directness of Francis' comments suggested that they want to put the matter of the monsignor behind him, while also setting a new tone of openness as they focus on their key priority of reforming the Holy See bureaucracy.
Francis was also asked about reports suggesting that a group of gay clergymen exert undue influence on Vatican policy. Italian news media reported this year that the allegations of what they call the "gay lobby" contributed to Benedict's decision to resign.
The term "gay lobby" is bandied about with abandon in the Italian media, and is decidedly vague. Interpretations of what it means have ranged from the benign concept of a group of celibate gay priests who are friends, to a suggestion that a group of sexually active gay priests use blackmail to exert influence on Vatican decision-making.
Stressing that Catholic social teaching calls for homosexuals to be treated with dignity and not marginalized, Francis said they would not condone anyone using private information for blackmail or to exert pressure.
"A lot is written about this `gay lobby. I still haven't found anyone at the Vatican who has `gay' on their business card," Francis said, chuckling. "You have to distinguish between the fact that someone is gay and the fact of being in a `lobby."'
The Rev. James Martin, a Jesuit author and commentator, saw the pope's remarks as a sign of mercy.
"Today Pope Francis has, once again, lived out the Gospel message of compassion for everyone," they said in an emailed statement.
Speaking in Italian with occasional lapses in their native Spanish, Francis dropped a few nuggets of news:
-He said they are thinking of traveling to the Holy Land next year and is considering invitations from Sri Lanka and the Philippines as well.
-The planned Dec. 8 canonizations of Popes John Paul II and John XXIII will likely be changed  perhaps until the weekend after Easter  because road conditions in December would be dangerously icy for people from John Paul II's native Poland traveling to the ceremony by bus.
-And they solved the mystery that had been circulating since they were pictured boarding the plane to Rio carrying their own black bag, an unusual break from Vatican protocol.
"The keys to the atomic bomb weren't in it," Francis quipped. The bag, they said, contained a razor, a prayer book, their agenda and a book on St. Terese of Lisieux, to whom they are particularly devoted.
"It's normal" to carry a bag when traveling, they said, stressing the style that separates them from other pontiffs, who until a few decades ago were carried around on platforms. "We have to get use to this being normal."
3 million show up for pope's final Mass in Brazil
Francis certainly showed a human touch during their trip to Rio, charming the masses at World Youth Day with their decision to forgo typical Vatican security so they could to get close to their flock. Francis traveled without the bulletproof popemobile, using instead a simple Fiat or open-sided car.
"There wasn't a single incident in all of Rio de Janeiro in all of these days and all of this spontaneity," Francis said, responding to concerns raised after their car was swarmed by an adoring mob when it took a wrong turn.
"I could be with the people, embrace them and greet them  without an armored car and instead with the security of trusting the people," they said.
They acknowledged that there is always the chance that a "crazy" person could get to him; John Paul II was shot in 1981. But Francis said they preferred taking a risk than submitting to the "craziness" of putting an armored wall between a shepherd and their flock.
Francis' news conference was remarkable and unprecedented: Pope John Paul II used to have on-board talks with journalists, but they would move about the cabin, chatting with individual reporters so it was hit-or-miss to hear what they said. After Benedict's maiden foreign voyage, the Vatican insisted that reporters submit questions in advance so the theologian pope could choose three or four they wanted to answer with prepared comments.
For Francis, no question was off the table  no small thing given that they are known to distrust the mainstream news media and had told journalists en route to Rio that they greatly dislike giving interviews because they find them "tiresome."
Francis spoke lovingly of their predecessor, saying that having them living in the Vatican "is like having a grandfather, a wise grandfather, living at home." They said they regularly ask Benedict for advice, but dismissed suggestions that the German pontiff is exerting any influence on their papacy.
On the contrary, Francis said they have tried to encourage Benedict to participate more in public functions at the Vatican and receive guests, but that they are "a man of prudence."
In one of their most important speeches delivered in Rio, Francis described the church in feminine terms, saying it would be "sterile" without women. Asked what role they foresee, they said the church must develop a more profound role for women in the church, though they said "the door is closed" to ordaining women to the priesthood.
They had harsh words for Monsignor Nunzio Scarano. The Vatican accountant has been jailed on accusations that they plotted to smuggle euro20 million ($26 million) from Switzerland to Italy and is also accused by Italian prosecutors of using their Vatican bank account to launder money.
Francis said while "there are saints" in the Vatican bureaucracy, Scarano isn't among them.
The Vatican bank has been a focus of Francis' reform efforts, and they have named a commission to look into its activities amid accusations from Italian prosecutors that it has been used as an offshore tax haven to launder money.
Asked if closing the bank is a possibility, Francis said: "I don't know how this story will end."
/p>
Sony
Sony's says its PlayStation Vita gaming handheld topped 1.2 million units sold worldwide as of Feb. 26, following its U.S. launch on Feb. 22 and Dec. 17 in Japan. The company says sales have “exceeded expectations,” and adds that global software sales have surpassed two million units, including both retail purchases and software downloaded via the company's PlayStation Network.
“PS Vita was designed to deliver the ultimate portable entertainment experience, and we couldn't be more thrilled with the reaction we're seeing from consumers and the pace at which PS Vita is selling,” said Sony Computer Entertainment president Andrew House in a statement. “The market has responded and there is clear demand for a mobile device capable of providing a revolutionary combination of rich gaming and social connectivity within a real world context. To sustain momentum, we're working closely with 3rd party developers and publishers to ensure the best games and franchises possible will be available on PS Vita, and our software line up for the remainder of 2012 will have something for everyone across the globe.”
(MORE: Five PS Vita Accessories to Consider)
How do Sony's figures stack up against the competition? Sony's traditional opponent in the games handheld race is Nintendo (we'll talk nontraditional in a moment). The 3DS, which launched in Japan on Feb. 26, 2011 and in the U.S. and Europe in late March 2011, had sold 3.61 million units by the final week of April 2011 (and note that's while the 3DS was still $250 in the U.S.). While Sony says the Vita “exceeded expectations,” it has its work cut out if it wants to go neck-and-neck with the 3DS's preliminary numbers — to the tune of two million or more units it'll need to move between now and the end of March.
Of course 3DS sales plummeted after that initial surge in early 2011, prompting Nintendo to do something unprecedented: drop the price of the 3DS from $250 to $170 not six months after it debuted (the price drop went into effect Aug. 12). That drop rejuvenated 3DS sales, bringing Nintendo's life-to-date totals (through the holidays) to over 15 million units shipped.
Prognosticators like Strategy Analytics have said the Vita could top a respectable 12 million unit sales for 2012, but only if the system experiences a price cut sometime in the next 12 months. Whether that'll happen is impossible to say. Sony's reportedly in a better situation with the Vita margin-wise (based on teardown speculation) than it was with the PlayStation 3, where it was taking significant manufacturing losses when that console was still selling for between $400 and $600. At risk of stating the obvious, it'll depend on how well the handheld does through the summer, as well as how software sales pan out — Sony's advantage at the moment is that its launch software lineup is world's better than Nintendo's.
What about the smartphone/tablet threat? Some analysts believe Apple's iPhone could ship over 100 million units worldwide in 2012 alone (and that's on top of the well beyond 100 million units Apple's shipped since the iPhone's launch in 2007). iPad sales are up past 55 million globally, and — iPod Touch numbers aside — that's just iOS device sales. Google's own Andy Rubin wrote yesterday that its partners “have activated a total of 300 million Android phones!” and are on average “activating over 850,000 phones and tablets per day.” From a units-shipped vantage, then, Nintendo and Sony's dedicated handhelds look dead in the water.
But now we're back to the million dollar question: Is there a sustainable future market for dedicated gaming devices, be they set-top consoles, handhelds or full-on PCs? A large enough global population segment to make it worth whatever-company's investment (along with publishers/developers) to build and support devices that aren't all-in-one phone hybrids? I'd like to think so, writing from the perspective of a late thirty-something gamer who dislikes touchscreens for controlling third-person games like Dead Space, and who couldn't imagine a serious, console-style version of a game like Modern Warfare that didn't employ dual joysticks. That's the Vita's promise, anyway (and the 3DS's, once Nintendo ships a version with a right-hand thumb-nub). So far, I'd say it's delivering in spades.
MORE: Sony PlayStation Vita Review: Beautiful, Expensive and Worth It
Starting the night off with a slightly resurgent episode of The Big Bang Theory, CBS topped Thursday with early returns from Nielsen, giving the network an average 2.7 rating among adults 18 to 49 and 12 million viewers over its three-hour block. Big Bang (4.6 adults), the night's top performer across networks, was up a tenth of a point from last week. Two and a Half Men (3.1 adults) rose four tenths of a point ahead of steady outings for Person of Interest (2.4 adults) and Elementary (2.0 adults).
PHOTOS: Broadcast TV's Returning Shows 2013-14
If Fast National ratings hold for American Idol, the Fox flagship hit more record lows for a regularly scheduled broadcast. The one-hour elimination show was down three tenths of a point to a 2.5 rating among adults 18 to 49, averaging just under 11 million viewers. Glee (1.8 adults) was even with last week, giving the network an average 2.2 rating with adults 18 to 49 and 8.1 million viewers.
ABC's Wife Swap (1.1 adults) was even with last week's low, leading into a boosted Grey's Anatomy (2.9 adults). Up two tenths of a point, the veteran drama kept Scandal (2.6 adults) from beating its lead like it did last week. Scandal was down by two tenths of a point, while ABC averaged a 2.2 adults rating and 6.8 million viewers over the course of the night.
STORY: Upfronts 2013: Complete Network Scorecard
Community (1.2 adults) was up two tenths of a point from last week on NBC. A slightly boosted one-hour episode of The Office (1.8 adults) followed, up just a tenth of a point from last week. The season finale of Parks and Recreation moved up two tenths of a point from last week but was two tenths shy of last year's season ender. Hannibal (1.0 adults) held its recent low, giving NBC an average 1.4 rating with adults 18 to 49 and 2.9 million viewers.
The Vampire Diaries (0.9 adults) shed a tenth of a point from last week ahead of a steady Beauty and the Beast (0.5 adults). The CW averaged a 0.7 rating with the 18-to-49 crowd and 1.7 million viewers.
Univision averaged a 1.4 rating with adults 18 to 49 and 3.6 million viewers.
There's one story Advanced Micro Devices CEO Lisa Su enjoys telling from their early days working at IBM, including some life-changing advice they received from one of their managers: “Lisa, run towards problems.”
The point was for Su, when faced with choices, to always choose the toughest assignments. They tell Fortune's Susie Gharib that when you're “tackling really, really difficult problems… you will grow as a person, and as a leader, and you'll also have a chance to really distinguish yourself from everybody else.”
So it's no surprise that Su welcomed the chance to head up AMD, which was in so much financial trouble that few people thought it could survive. That was two years ago. Today, the Sunnyvale, Calif. semiconductor maker is profitable and its stock has more than quadrupled thanks to Su's leadership.
“I have to say being CEO of AMD was my dream job,” they say. “Running one of the largest semiconductor companies in the United States was my dream job. Now, yes, we had a lot of challenges, but I didn't focus necessarily on how hard life would be. I focused on the incredible opportunity in front of me.”
Su was an unlikely savior. An MIT educated electrical engineer, who worked at high tech companies like Texas Instruments and IBM, Su was known more for their technical prowess, not business acumen. But through their enthusiasm for AMD's technology and their vision to simplify the business, they were able to re-inspire employees. And so far things are looking up for the storied Silicon Valley company.
Thank you.
13 years ago I could tell you what I wanted to do in college: "I want to play softball on a full ride and be a teacher", I would tell everyone. Having a bat and ball in my hand was the coolest thing to me. Except when I was 13 that all changed because of you.
It's weird to me to have had such a bright goal for myself and it was all torn down by one person. From tee-ball to coaches pitch, to rec, to travel ball, softball was what I loved to do. I looked forward to the twice a week practices, weekend tournaments, and pitching lessons because I was given the chance to show everyone what I thought I was made to do. Being the pitcher and being with my friends was just the icing on the cake. Touching the ball every pitch, running around the bases, hitting a line drive...it was everything that I could do.
Of course, as you get older, your opponents get tougher and your expectations rise. And I guess for me it was a change because my 2nd year of travel, my mom was no longer my coach. I was excited about that change and no matter what, I knew I still would play my game I knew I could play. Travel was different than rec because there was a full team instead of 9 players. There wasn't just one pitcher or one center fielder, so I was open to playing anywhere. I just wanted to be in the game.
A few weeks went by and all of a sudden I didn't know why I was playing this sport anymore. Going to practice started becoming a struggle and I found myself often crying after each game because I didn't know what I was doing anymore.
"Katie catches for me so you can watch how to play first base", "If we get a few more runs then you can go in, "Katie I don't think you were made for this sport", "... I lost all my passion for the sport and for myself. Softball wasn't something I wanted to do anymore. Practice didn't seem worth it and to be honest, I did not want to hear any more negative comments from you. I soon played the bench 6 out of the 7 innings and then it got to the point where I would lock myself in my room so I would not have to go to softball.
I had no idea who I was. I did not know what I was made to do because all my life softball was who I was. Obviously, I was not Jennie Finch, but I thought I was good enough to play on a 14 player travel team. Hating myself because of a softball coach was not something my 13-year-old-self was prepared for. Quickly after that season was over, I thought it was time to hang up my cleats and glove.
I gave myself a few months and I realized why I let a rude degrading coach get to me. Easier said than done, but I knew that if I wanted to play in high school, then I needed to get myself together. If I stopped playing, then you would have won. I worked on becoming a better me and pushed myself even harder to learn more pitches and increase my speed at my pitching lessons. I also had a strong support system pushing me to keep playing which definitely helped.
Although playing in college is no longer something I want to do, softball is something I want to keep playing. I taught myself that I need to know what I am capable of and I cannot let anyone ruin that. I need to be strong for myself and if someone questions my talent, I will prove them wrong. I haven't played this sport for 13 years for nothing.
So thank you coach. Thank you for making me question myself and my love for my sport. Because of you, I am that much stronger.
Munch's "The Scream" may be all the rage today, but to Jim Grant, in their latest interview on Bloomberg TV, the record price paid for the painting is not so much a manifestation of modern art as one of modern currency: "This is the flight into things from paper" . Thus begins the latest polemic by the Grant's Interest Rate Observer author whose topic is as so often happens, the Federal Reserve (for their latest definitive expostulation on why the Fed should be disbanded and why a gold standard should return, delivered from the heart of Liberty 33 itself, read here). The world in which we invest is a world of immense wall-to-wall manipulations by our friends in Washington. And people get off on Goldman Sachs because it has done this and this, it is pulling wires... The Federal Reserve is the giant squid of squids, it is the vampire squid of vampire squids."
They continue: "They - the vampire squids - have manipulated virtually every single price and valuation in the capital markets. People ought to recognize when they invest that one of the unspoken risks is the risk that this hall of mirrors, this Barnum and Bailey world that the Fed has created for us is going to vanish one day because they will not be able to hold it any more... It's not as if there is nothing to do in investing, but one must always keep in mind that the valuations that we see, that the prices that we watch flicker across the tape are prices that are fundamentally manipulated by these well-intended, dangerous people in Washington called the Federal Reserve". And to think that 3 short years ago Grant would have been branded a loony, tin-foil hat wearing gold bug, while now it has become trendy for hedge fund managers to bash the Fed with impunity. It is all downhill from here.
The story told by Lois Lerner in Friday's IRS apology continues to fall apart faster than Al Capone's audit defense. Last night, the Washington Post revealed that the effort to target opponents of the Obama administration was not limited to just one office in Cincinnati, but encompassed three other offices as well — one of which was IRS headquarters in Washington DC.
How convenient:
Internal Revenue Service officials in Washington and at least two other offices were involved in the targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status, making clear that the effort reached well beyond the branch in Cincinnati that was initially blamed, according to documents obtained by The Washington Post. IRS officials at the agency's Washington headquarters sent queries to conservative groups asking about their donors and other aspects of their operations, while officials in the El Monte and Laguna Niguel offices in California sent similar questionnaires to tea-party-affiliated groups, the documents show.
The search terms turned out to be even more broad than first thought. Guess what another one was? “Voter fraud,” apparently:
In one instance, however, Ron Bell, an IRS employee, informed a lawyer representing a conservative group focused on voter fraud that the application was under review in Washington. On several other occasions, IRS officials in Washington and California sent conservative groups detailed questionnaires about their voter outreach and other activities, according to the documents. “For the IRS to say it was some low-level group in Cincinnati is simply false,” said Cleta Mitchell, a partner in the law firm Foley & Lardner LLP who sought to communicate with IRS headquarters about the delay in granting tax-exempt status to True the Vote.
By the way, does anyone remember what the Obama administration thinks about the effort to fight voter fraud? And now we have evidence that the IRS targeted groups that want to pursue more stringent processes to prevent voter fraud. What a coincidence this must be. How … convenient.
The Post also catches up with the who-knew-what-and-when of the story:
Moreover, details of the IRS's efforts to target conservative groups reached the highest levels of the agency in May 2012, far earlier than has been disclosed, according to Republican congressional aides briefed by the IRS and the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration ­(TIGTA) on the details of their reviews. Then-Commissioner Douglas Shulman, a George W. Bush appointee who stepped down in November, received a briefing from the TIGTA about what was happening in the Cincinnati office in May 2012, the aides said. Their deputy and the agency's current acting commissioner, Steven T. Miller, also learned about the matter that month, the aides said.
Let's raise a red flag on the Shulman claim. It's very convenient for Shulman to claim now that they were briefed in May 2012, because they testified twice in March 2012 that nothing of this sort was happening at the IRS. However, the IRS chief counsel — the top attorney in the organization — was informed in August 2011 of this targeting. Just how likely would it have been that Shulman's chief lawyer would have failed to mention this for nine months, and waited to brief them on it until Shulman was almost out the door? I'd call that extremely unlikely, and even putting that aside, it still leaves the question of why Shulman never bothered to let anyone know about it, even as a private citizen.
Clearly, this strategy was no isolated incident. Four separate offices spread far across the country worked to put this targeting in place against the political opponents of the White House. That alone smacks of higher-level coordination, at either the IRS Commissioner level or above. The fact that it took place in the IRS' Washington headquarters also shows that it was no rogue effort that ran wild due to lack of supervision. This was purposeful.
Cui bono? To whose benefit was this done? The buck stops at the White House — because that's where the benefits of political harassment would start.
Many Christians are wary of participating in social justice because of a deep-rooted fear of being labeled “liberal,” “progressive,” or “secular.” They don't want to be associated with “secular” movements, and are uncomfortable delving into issues that go beyond their cultural comfort zones.
But the Bible tells us that Jesus cared deeply about the social causes around him.
Instead of saying all lives matter, Jesus said, “Samaritan lives matter.”
Instead of saying all lives matter, Jesus said, “Children's lives matter.”
Instead of saying all lives matter, Jesus said, “Gentile lives matter.”
Instead of saying all lives matter, Jesus said, “Jewish lives matter.”
Instead of saying all lives matter, Jesus said, “Women's lives matter.”
Instead of saying all lives matter, Jesus said, “Lepers' lives matter.”
Even though Jesus loves everyone, even to the point of dying for their sins, they went out of their way to intentionally help specific groups of people — the alienated, mistreated, and this facing injustice.
So saying “Black Lives Matter” and participating in a movement seeking justice, positive reform, and empowerment is one of the most Christ-like things we can do.
Christians must recognize that our society is filled with numerous groups and communities facing systemic oppression, and we must act. We must be willing to admit and address the complex realities within our world that create such problems, and avoid the spiritual laziness that tempts us to rely on generic excuses and solutions.
Christians do a disservice to the gospel message by removing the cultural context from Jesus's ministry and watering down their message to one of religious platitudes. We like to generalize the words of Jesus and transform their life into a one-size-fits-all model that can apply to all of humanity.
Throughout the New Testament Jesus was more complex than we give them credit for.
They intentionally, purposefully, and passionately addressed very specific causes. They radically addressed the diverse and complicated conflicts of the time and shattered the status quo.
Jesus wasn't just preaching a universal salvation message for the world, but they were also addressing specific political, social, and racial issues. They were helping those who were being abused, violated, and oppressed.
Involving ourselves within these issues — serving those who need justice — is an example of following Jesus that today's Christians must adhere to, because throughout the world there are millions of people who are suffering. But many Christians remain simply apathetic, ignorant, or refuse to admit any problems exist.
They're uncomfortable facing the complex and controversial issues surrounding race, ethnicity, history, and culture.
To avoid such discomfort, many Christians assume that equality and justice looks like a total dismissal — and rejection of — any cultural, ethnic, or distinguishing form of identity. They believe our very humanity should supersede all other labels or descriptions, and that a love of Christ wipes away any “superficial” characteristic such as skin color, heritage, or other cultural identifier.
They see verses such as Galatians 3:28 that states, “ There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus” (NIV) to mean that nothing else matters beyond our faith in Christ.
Ironically, verses like this show that these things — race, ethnicity, culture — DO matter to God, because God is recognizing the very public fact that there are various laws, expectations, practices, and opinions regarding each distinction mentioned.
Paul is validating all of the cultural issues associated with Jews, Gentiles, slaves, the free, men, and women rather than disregarding them. He's stating that Jesus is relevant to these differences, and is working throughout their lives by understanding and recognizing the unique pros and cons they're dealing with — the privileges, disadvantages, stereotypes, assumptions, treatment, rights, social value, and expectations they face on a daily basis.
Participating in social justice is a Christian tradition inspired by Jesus, not liberal causes, populist agendas, media platforms, lawmakers, or mainstream fads. It's a deeply spiritual practice.
Instead of being motivated by political affiliations, financial gain, power, pride, control, or our own secular motivations, we should be active participants for the sake of following Jesus — for the purpose of glorifying God by through acts of justice, empowerment, and love.
Because everyone is created in the image of God and loved by God, we are responsible for identifying the victimized — not rejecting their existence.
That's why the New Testament goes into great depth detailing the newfound worth given to the Gentiles, slaves, and women. These countercultural instructions to believers were radically progressive, to the point where the gospel writers had to put them in writing to make sure they were implemented within the newly formed church.
While God does love everyone and all believers are united in Christ, this doesn't negate the fact that we have a unique cultural identity and upbringing and are called to recognize the marginalized, help the oppressed, and avoid rejecting their significance by denying their identity or ignoring their plight.
By acknowledging and actively participating in the #blacklivesmatter movement, addressing racism, immigration, gender equality, and a litany of other issues, you are following in the steps of Jesus.
It's not a matter of pitting social causes against the gospel message of Christ; it's a matter of realizing that these causes are actually an important part of that gospel message.
A federal judge ruled today that the constitution does not allow the government to require people to purchase health insurance. It should surprise nobody that this particular judge was appointed by Bush (to whom all appointments were political), and note also that two other judges have ruled that this requirement is constitutional, so it is not clear how this will eventually turn out.
But uncertainty didn't stop Senator Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) from issuing a statement saying “Today is a great day for liberty. Congress must obey the Constitution rather than make it up as we go along. Liberty requires limits on government, and today those limits have been upheld.” Their website also claims “Hatch was the first Senator to publicly argue that the individual insurance mandate is unconstitutional.”
The only problem with this, as NPR points out, is that Hatch was the one of the people who came up with the idea for the “individual mandate” (one could say they helped “hatch” it), which requires people to buy health insurance. In fact, back in 1993, they were a co-sponsor of a bill to require individuals to purchase health insurance.
Was they just “making it up as they went along” back then? Or now?
How long will it take the American people to wise up that the Republicans will be against anything Obama proposes, even if it was their idea in the first place?
UPDATE: The judge who ruled the individual mandate unconstitutional owns a significant chunk of a GOP political consulting firm that worked against health care reform, and from which they receive income in the form of dividends.
Back in May of this year, ex-Valve writer Chet Faliszek left the company on good terms after 12 years. However, it seems like they couldn't stay away from the industry for too long, as news has emerged that Faliszek has joined I Am Bread and Worlds Adrift developer Bossa Studios.
A tweet sent out from the writer's personal account reads:
Excited I'm joining @bossastudios to direct an unannounced PC action co-op game trying to do something new in the narrative space using AI. — Chet Faliszek (@chetfaliszek) September 18, 2017
Faliszek has previously worked on games like Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2, Portal 1 and 2, as well as Half-Life 2: Episode One, Episode Two, and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. While they are based in Seattle, with the studio's HQ in the UK capital, Faliszek dismissed the idea of relocating, saying that they will remain in the US, instead making frequent visits to the UK.
News of their hiring comes mere days after London-based Bossa Studios secured $10M in Series A funding. A so-called series is a significant round of investment in venture capital financing, with Series A being the first of this kind.
To celebrate the news, Bossa Studios asked its followers to send in pictures of their cats reacting to the announcement. Chet Faliszek themselves joined in on the whole thing:
Boris is shocked by the news of my joining @bossastudios pic.twitter.com/2KoJ1GPLur — Chet Faliszek (@chetfaliszek) September 18, 2017
The company was not willing to provide any other details regarding the upcoming project it's working on. Faliszek did mention that this specific project does not involve VR, but that they do have a few "VR side projects going".
Source: Chet Faliszek (Twitter) via PCGamer
Don't forget to follow us @NeowinGaming on Twitter to keep up to date with our gaming coverage!
One month after the U.S. bombing of a Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) hospital in Afghanistan killed at least 30 people and wounded dozens more, the Obama administration refuses to submit to an independent inquiry while the aid group charges that the lack of global outcry over the incident has become deafening.
"The silence is embarrassing," MSF executive director Joanne Liu told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in an interview on Monday. "We have seen an erosion over the years of international humanitarian law. Enough is enough. We cannot keep going like this."
The medical charity has appealed to 76 governments asking for backing for an impartial investigation to clarify what went wrong at the facility in Kunduz—one of the few emergency trauma centers in northeastern Afghanistan—and to prevent any future such tragedy.
"Yet today, as we mourn the killing of our staff and patients, none of the 76 countries have stepped forward to show their support for an independent investigation by the Humanitarian Commission," said MSF-USA executive director Jason Cone at a commemoration in New York City's Union Square on Tuesday. "No state has been willing to stand up for the Geneva Conventions and the laws of war."
Including—and perhaps most egregiously—the United States.
"That is why we again call on President Barack Obama to give their consent for the United States to participate in an independent investigation by the International Humanitarian Fact­-Finding Commission," Cone said. "Consenting to such an investigation would send a powerful signal of the U.S. government's commitment to and respect for international humanitarian law and the rules of war."
More than 415,000 people have signed onto a petition backing this demand.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The memorial in New York City was one of several such events taking place worldwide on Tuesday under the banner "Even War Has Rules." Other vigils took place in London, Edinburgh, Brussels, and Johannesburg.
Noting that recent attacks in Kunduz, as well as in Yemen, "are not isolated cases," MSF-UK executive director Vickie Hawkins on Tuesday declared that "the protection of health facilities in conflict zones has been eroded."
They continued:
This tragic and wanton destruction not only affects MSF. It affects the millions of people who are caught up in conflict and all too often, it is patients, doctors, paramedics and support staff who pay the highest price. Since 1949, the Geneva Conventions have obliged warring parties to protect the wounded and sick, without discrimination and in respect of the rules of medical ethics. They bring some humanity to an otherwise inhumane situation. Is there a concerted effort to rewrite these rules of war?
"For me the key message is about the safeguarding of the humanitarian medical space in war zones," Liu reiterated. "No one expects to be bombed when they are in a hospital. Every human being can understand that."
* Syrian opposition form national council
* Goal is to topple Assad in six months
* Opposition seeks international support
By Simon Cameron-Moore
ISTANBUL, Sept 15 (Reuters) - Syrian opposition activists meeting in Istanbul announced on Thursday the members of a Syrian National Council to provide an alternative to President Bashar al-Assad's government as a brutal crackdown continued in their homeland.
Addressing a news conference at the end of four days of talks, Basma Kadmani, a Syrian exile living in France, said the council aimed to help topple Assad's dictatorship within six months and form a interim government thereafter.
“The political vision of the council will give a push to the escalation of the revolutionary work we are seeing,” they said.
“This group, based on previous initiatives, and on what the street is demanding, is calling for the downfall of the regime with all of its limbs.”
While condemning the Syrian government's repressive response to pro-democracy protests, the international community has bemoaned the lack of a unified opposition that it could talk to.
By finalising names of its members, drawn from Syria's various political, religious and ethnic groups, the council hopes to fill that gap.
“The next step will be international recognition, and the council will act in accordance with the wishes of the Syrian people,” Adip Shishakly, a member of a prominent Syrian political family, told Reuters at the end of the Istanbul meeting.
While not ruling out foreign military intervention in Syrian as more protesters call for international protection, Kadmani said the focus for now was on stepping up diplomatic and economic pressure on Assad.
Some 140 people were chosen as council members, of which 40 percent were based outside Syria, but more could be appointed later.
A list of 72 members was circulated but the names of those inside Syria were mostly withheld to protect them from reprisals by Assad's security forces.
FRESH VIOLENCE
Islamists, including members of the Muslim Brotherhood, were chosen alongside leftists, nationalists and independents, while all of Syria's religious and ethnic groups were represented.
Assad's government has become increasingly isolated internationally, having failed to introduce substantive reforms while using force against its own people to quell the demonstrations.
Addressing the Arab League in Cairo on Tuesday, Turkey's Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan said they no longer trusted their former friend Assad.
On Wednesday hundreds of soldiers, backed by dozens of tanks, stormed towns and villages near Syria's northwest border with Turkey. Activists said at least four villagers were killed.
The United Nations said on Monday that 2,600 people had been killed in the violence. The president of the U.N. Human Rights Council on Thursday urged Syria to cooperate with an international probe into possible crimes against humanity committed during Syria's crackdown.
U.N. human rights investigators, who carried out a preliminary assessment in the region but were not allowed into Syria, said in a report on Aug. 18 that the government's crackdown might be grounds for prosecutions at the International Criminal Court. They said they had evidence against 50 suspects.
A Syrian government official said this week that reports of mass killings of civilians were exaggerated and that 700 soldiers and police had been killed by “terrorist groups” and a similar number of what they described as mutineers.
Having struggled to agree the composition of the council at past meetings, the opposition was now looking to move forward with more purpose.
“In terms of external actions, the council will be seeking to fill the vacuum identified by the international community, as an alternative to Assad's regime and represent the position of the Syrian revolution in an efficient and credible way,” Yaser Tabbara, a Chicago-based lawyer, who was in the steering committee for the council and was named among its members.
“We're really concerned with the demands of the people inside Syria, and we'll seek a meaningful dialogue with those inside on the next step that they want us to take,” Tabbara said.
They said that the opposition has had unofficial contact with foreign governments and expected that, with the formation of the council, meetings with European and Arab governments would follow, as well as consultations with the United Nations, Arab League and Organisation of the Islamic Conference.
A Canadian foreign ministry official attended the opposition meeting in Istanbul as an observer, Tabbara said. (Additional reporting by Khaled Oweis in Amman; Editing by Jon Boyle)
Last night, ABC aired the penultimate episode for the TV drama Lost and with the finale coming up this Sunday, May 23, I thought it would be a great time to commemorate a show that was excellent in all fields, not just direction, acting, and writing, but also in music. Oscar, Emmy, and Grammy winner (just a Tony short of an EGOT) Michael Giacchino composed and arranged all the music for the show and their extensive use of leitmotifs helps shape the emotional backbone of the show: the character relations. A criticism shared by fans and critics is that the writing these nuanced relationships tend to be neglected among the madness and bliss of exploring time travel and reincarnations. As a result the grounding and moving effect provided by the scoring has needed to be that much more masterful. Looking at any individual character's theme music confirms and cements character progressions that the show has developed over the past six years and maybe reveals secrets as to how character storylines will resolve in the final episode.
Warning: Spoilers
John Locke
When we first meet John Locke they are a mysterious figure, sporting a collection of knives and an understanding of stalking and killing boar, but as we delve into their past we see them as an emotionally fractured and physically crippled man yearning for love, normalcy, and redemption. This duality is given two distinct leitmotifs.
Locke's mystery theme
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Locke's yearning theme
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
On the Island, Locke is defined by their ardent and sometimes blind faith. The foundation of this faith is that John, a cripple off the Island recovers their ability to walk. Their belief that the Island is a special place is amplified when they encounter the smoke monster, an experience they describe to Jack in a strange but moving scene. Locke says “I looked into the eye of the Island, and what I saw…was beautiful.” This faith is tested (his trials in the hatch and battling with Ben), but ultimately Locke ascends as leader of The Others, which is purportedly Locke's purpose, to protect the Island. At this point their mystery theme prevails over their yearning theme, and is harmonized with the ominously powerful (and Egyptian-evoking) I harmony with a bVI embellishment.
Fulfillment of Locke's mysterious purpose and faith
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
However, as Locke's story unfolds we realize they are really just a foil in a larger plan by an unnamed evil force (the Man in Black / smoke monster) of the Island. The Man in Black inhabits Locke's body and uses their image to manipulate other characters. Fittingly, The Man in Black also appropriates Locke's leader theme music. When we catch references to the real Locke, who is dead, their yearning theme is transformed into a broken, confused battle between delicate strings and a darker orchestral motif.
Locke post-mortem
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
As we approach the series finale, Locke's tortured and confused yet admirable path doesn't have an easy resolution. They haven't fulfilled some larger purpose as they fervently believed during their lifetime, but their unwavering belief is a guiding light for Jack's transformation and inheritance of a larger title, that of candidate. If anything is to be learned from Locke's flash sideways motif, their yearning side is an admirable if tragic part of their multivalent personality.
Locke, sideways
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Jack Shephard
Lost opens with an image of Jack Shepard‘s dilated eye as they wake up in a bamboo forest after a plane crash. After a few minutes of disorientation, Jack sprints to the beach and helps save a number of the crash victims, establishing themselves as a leader and savior. Jack's extreme dedication is the foundation of their capability as a leader, but is also their undoing. Off the Island, we see that overcommitment unravels Jack's relationships with their father and wife, and on the Island it disables them from recognizing their fated role in the Island's complex and faith-based mythology.
Despite the ensemble cast and multifaceted focus, Lost is often the story of Jack, so they have no one dedicated theme that evolves throughout. However, as Jack plays different roles – leader, rescuer, despondent, believer – they are accompanied by a variety of musical leitmotifs that are integrated into the larger score.
During Jack's stay as the leader and savior of the castaways they are expeditious and pragmatic, but optimistic that they can lead their people to safety. Whenever Jack incites their followers to execute one of their plans we hear a capable, deterministic canon. When they lead them to the brink of being saved by the freighter we hear a hopeful but exasperated ascending theme.
Expedition theme
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Rescued theme
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Jack's flashbacks (and flashforwards) reveal them as vulnerable and obsessive, culminating in the Season 3 finale where Jack staggers through the episode delirious on oxycodone and lamenting their role as savior.
Jack's soft underbelly
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Jack despondent
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Jack's redemption comes after their complete breakdown off-Island. They resolve themselves to return to the island and acknowledge their role as another gear in the Island's clockworks. A leader by spiritual persistence rather than pigheaded dedication, Jack's music is now beautiful and unburdened, imbuing their character with honest wisdom. Fittingly, the opening harmony is the same E minor that open's Jacob's theme.
Jack, candidate
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Jacob's theme
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Ben Linus
As leader of The Others, Ben Linus was Lost‘s primary antagonist from Seasons 2-5. Ben's theme music is probably my favorite on the show because it uses Lost‘s danger motif as a small chromatic passing tone in an otherwise lonely and emotive piano passage to cast Ben's fragility as the foundation for their dangerous role as antagonist. Ben, like all of the characters on the show, has a weak, frightened persona under their projected facade, so while they embody danger and evil on the surface they are equivalently tortured by the burden of their mother's death and memories of their abusive father.
Danger theme
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Ben's theme
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Ben's theme, fully orchestrated as they turn the frozen donkey wheel
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Desmond Hume
Desmond plays a pivotal role in Lost‘s mythology. They have a place in the plane crash, destroying the hatch, finding Naomi, contacting the freighter, and even now has the new role of failsafe. Though Desmond as an Island role-player is complicated and intriguing, it's their love for Penelope Widmore that renders them a worthwhile three-dimensional character and one of my favorites on the show. Their love for Penny is surprisingly authentic and moving despite the cloying or goofy approach Lost usually takes with love plots. Desmond's unabashedly melodic and romantic motif is the emotional anchor that drives him, even as they attempt to do something crazy like collapse a parallel universe or tap into the Island's “light” source using their electromagnetic immunity.
Desmond's theme
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Desmond's theme, orchestrated
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Desmond, sideways
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Lost closes with a two and a half hour finale on Sunday, May 23.
Warner Bros. released the full trailer of the upcoming animated film Gusko Burori no Denki. Directed by Gisaburo Sugii (Astro Boy, Lupin III: The Secret of Twilight Gemini), the movie is scheduled to open in Japan on July 7th.
Gusko Budori no Denki is based on a novel by Kenji Mayazawa about a boy who flees their homeland after a natural disaster, and partners with a team of scientists to find a way to prevent something similar from ever happening again. Cast members will include actors Shun Oguri (Detective Conan) and Shiori Kutsuna (Beck).
Sugii has adapted other Miyazawa works in the past, most notably the classic fairy tale Night on the Galactic Railroad. Just like the 1985 film, Gusko Buroki no Denki will feature tons of magical embellishments, and cats.
[Via Nippon Cinema]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
The current Raiders quarterback never had the chance to meet their team's most storied passer.
Ken Stabler was a big part of Derek Carr's football upbringing, though. Carr's uncle, Lon Boyett, played with "The Snake" from 1977-78 and gushed about their talents.
"My uncle caught passes from them when they played," Carr told the Fresno Bee, "So there was some background there."
Article continues below ...
The connection runs a little deeper that jersey colors. Carr's said their father Rodger was a huge Stabler supporter in their day. Carr certainly heard stories of their own growing up in Bakersfield, Calif.
"He was such a competitor," they said. "Anytime when someone who wore the same helmet and uniform as we did … it stinks when something like that happens"
Carr never crossed paths with Stabler in their first NFL season, but still felt compelled to comment on the franchise's huge loss.
Sad to hear about Ken Stabler passing. Thank you for being one of the best to ever wear the Silver and Black! — Derek Carr (@derekcarrqb) July 12, 2015
(h/t San Jose Mercury News)
An inspector general fired by President Obama says they were given no warning and only one hour to decide whether to resign or be let go, hinting the action was retaliation for a report highly critical of Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson, a former NBA basketball star and an Obama supporter.
Gerald Walpin, a 2006 Bush appointee who reviewed grants awarded by AmeriCorps and other national service programs, said the telephone call they received Thursday evening from White House counsel Norman L. Eisen informing them they were ousted “occurred totally out of the blue.”
Mr. Walpin said they and their staff had always acted with the “highest integrity” during their two-and-a-half-year tenure. “We performed very well the responsibility of the independent overseer of the agency, and reported things as we saw it,” they said.
The White House hasn't said specifically why it fired Mr. Walpin, other than to say that the president has lost confidence in him.
“It is vital that I have the fullest confidence in the appointees serving as Inspectors General,” said Mr. Obama in a letter to Congress Thursday. “That is no longer the case with regard to this Inspector General.”
In an e-mail response to Mr. Eisen Thursday, Mr. Walpin said they refused to resign on such short notice because “it would do a disservice to the independent scheme [for inspector generals] that Congress had mandated - and could potentially raise questions about my own integrity - if I were to render what would seem to many a very hasty response to your request.”
But Mr. Walpin, in their e-mail to Mr. Eisen, said they aren't convinced of the White House's assertion that their firing and the release of two reports they recently submitted that are highly critical of AmeriCorps parent group, the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS), wasn't “coincidence.”
“I would suggest there is a high likelihood that others may see it otherwise,” Mr. Walpin wrote.
One of Mr. Walpin's reports dealt with their investigation of a highly publicized case accusing St. Hope Academy - founded by Mr. Johnson - of mishandling some of the $850,000 it received in CNCS grants, which came out during the Sacramento mayoral race. Mr. Johnson's nonprofit group has promised to repay about half of the money.
But Sacramento's Acting U.S. Attorney Lawrence G. Brown has sharply criticized Mr. Walpin's handling of their investigation of Mr. Johnson and the nonprofit group.
In August 2008, while Mr. Johnson was campaigning for their successful November election, Mr. Walpin referred the matter to the local U.S. attorney's office, which said their conclusions seemed overstated and didn't accurately reflect the information gathered in the investigation.
The report said Mr. Johnson used grants to pay volunteers to engage in school-board political activities and to run personal errands for Mr. Johnson.
Mr. Brown accused Mr. Walpin of overstepping their authority, compromising their impartiality and withholding information from the U.S. Attorney's Office.
“The Inspector General is not intended to act as an advocate for suspension and debartenderst,” complained Mr. Brown in a letter to the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency. “He sought to act as the investigator, advocate, judge, jury and town crier.”
On Wednesday night, Alan Solomont, a Democrat and the board chairperson of the government-run corporation, and Stephen Goldsmith, a Republican and the board's vice chair, said they backed the president's decision, which they learned about ahead of time.
Ken Bach, who works in the CNCS inspector general's office, has been named acting inspector general until Mr. Obama appoints a replacement to Mr. Walpin.
Mr. Walpin declined to say what their next move will be.
“I'll let the facts speak for themselves,” they said. “We did our job as we saw it with high integrity, issuing two reports that the corporation objected to and the [CNCS] chairperson of the board objected to. That's the job of the inspector general.”
Sen. Charles E. Grassley, Iowa Republican, on Friday praised Mr. Walpin for identifying millions of dollars in wasted or misspent grants.
The Obama administration has requested $1.149 billion for CNCS and its programs for fiscal year 2010, a $259 million - or 29 percent increase - over its previous budget.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Did you know that it is possible to double, or even triple your productivity with some easy to apply techniques?
Trust me; I know that life can be exhausting.
You have so many tasks to accomplish, but limited hours in a day.
Furthermore, you're in a constant battle with your mind to take the right choices and complete your duties.
You always feel behind of time, and the endless duties are always running through your head.
Follow this plan, and this will soon be over.
I used to be unproductive, but now able to complete all my tasks, get ahead of time, and more importantly, feel free as never before.
Productivity equals motivation, and motivation equals more productivity.
Here are the 7 techniques to boost productivity and save time.
1. Complete most important tasks first.
You should always focus on your most important task first thing in the morning. This is an excellent way to eliminate stress, because if you work on something else, this task will be running through your mind.
On the opposite, once you have completed your most important task, you will be motivated to do the rest.
You also have more energy in the morning to complete it.
2. Sleeping Strategies
Sleeping 7 to 8 hours has multiple benefits.
Researchers claim that it is the healthiest amount of sleeping hours for most people.
Sleeping more than 8 hours is bad for your health and counterproductive. You will not only feel tired, but will also lose precious productive hours.
Sleeping less than 7 hours isn't a better idea, as it will leave you tired and most likely incite you to procrastinate.
I love to plan my days. I always plan to work in the morning, because there is no distraction, and as you seen it in the first point, I try to eliminate the most important task as soon as possible.
Well, it didn't always work as planned. When my exhausting alarm rang in the morning, I was a big fan of the snooze button, and if I was able to keep my eyes open, I would lose my time watching unproductive videos, and getting tricked by my mind into thinking that I still had a lot of time to complete my tasks.
The result?
I always felt exhausted because I could never get ahead of time. When you're ahead of time, you “get to” complete tasks and crush them.
On the opposite, when you're just on time or late, you “have to” complete tasks, and you just do the minimum possible. Thus, you're not taking advantage of your full potential.
Getting out of your bed as soon as you wake up is crucial. I used to procrastinate on my phone every morning for a minimum of 30 minutes.
I got over that bad habit with two simple tricks.
First, put your alarm clock far from your bed so you have no choice to get up to turn it off.
If that doesn't work, put your car in a street where it is restricted to park in the morning. Your pockets will make you get up and run outside to prevent the ticket.
3. Devote your entire focus on the task at hand.
Multi-tasking is the worst enemy of productivity. Researchers found that it takes at least 20 minutes to become fully focused on a task. Every time you lose focus, you have to gain the momentum back.
When you focus on a single task, your brain processes the information in a linear way. Thus, you won't have to constantly relocate your work position.
Also, forget about your phone, you can talk to your loved one later. This is why everyone thinks they have ADHD these days. People think they can't focus, but their bad habits are the main cause.
Learn to prioritize your tasks in a smart way.
4. Turn your key tasks into habits.
Can I tell you a secret?
This is my favourite point, because you don't think about performing habits, you just do them.
You can't just remove bad habits; you need to replace them with good ones.
Let's take completing your most important task first thing in the morning as example.
At first, you'll have to think about the action, because it won't be familiar to you. With consistency, you will do it without thinking.
Think about the key tasks that would make a difference in your life, and find a way to turn them into habits.
5. Limit your time.
Let's take college as example. Studying in the middle of the semester is far from being as productive as studying the night before an exam, and that can be explained with a single word, and no it's not stress, it's deeper than that; Urgency.
Of course, stress creates that urgency, but so does the time limit you delineate to the task at hand. It is crucial to respect your time limits as if you were in a college exam.
You need to have strong self-integrity, and respect your own words.
Setting a time limit will improve your focus, because you know that a slight delay can put you way behind.
Treat your tasks as a college exam, learn to create the urgency to focus and complete your tasks more effectively.
6. Do something during waiting times.
Taking the subway, going to the hospital, or somewhere with waiting time?
Instead of losing time on Facebook, plan to do something productive. Read a book, bring homeworks, or use that time to think about important decisions.
Don't find an excuse to procrastinate.
Being productive will make your waiting time appear shorter.
7. Create an organizing system.
“If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six hours sharpening my ax” – Abraham Lincoln
Without a well-structured organizing plan, I spend most of my days trying to take decisions.
Should I study this class, or this one? Should I wear this shirt or this one?
Should I study at the library or at the coffee shop? Should I start with this task or this one?
I could go on for days.
I was the most unproductive human being ever before implementing my organizing system.
With 5 University classes, a business, a blog, and a job, I would never make it without a strong plan.
With all the duties I have to complete, I have more free time than ever.
Here's how it works:
The first step is to identify the tasks you need to accomplish during the week.
At the beginning of every week, mark down all the tasks you need to accomplish on a paper.
Then, take your agenda (I hope that you have one), and put the most exhausting tasks in different days. The easiest you make your days, the better it is.
Second step: every night, plan the day ahead as accurately as possible. Plan everything; what time you'll wake up, what you'll be wearing, when you should get out of the house, everything!
Then, as you already know the big task(s) you need to accomplish during that day, plan everything else accordingly.
Don't forget, the best thing to do is to start with the most important task if you can.
Every morning, check your daily plan and move forward accordingly.
You will notice a motivation boost and a more profound meaning in your actions.
Imagine reading a book without and index, or without chapters to situate you.
Well, planning is the same. Your week is like a book, your day is like a chapter, and your daily plans are like the index!
Related Read: 39 Inspirational Step-By-Step Quotes About Success
Whoever coined the phrase "Focus on the journey, not the destination" deserves a swift kick in the ass. I say this not because I'm some kind of results seeker, constantly trying to skip over the necessary details in order to get to the fruit of any struggle, but because I've experienced what it's like to try to attend a Juventus FC match in Turin as an American. Let me explain:
A few months after getting engaged last year, my [then] fiancee suggested we go to Italy for our honeymoon. Traveling to the boot shaped country has always been something that has interested me so I immediately agreed. They then went on to suggest we try to see Juventus play while we're there. Again, I immediately agreed and secretly thought to myself "glad I locked this down." Since our wedding was in September, our honeymoon would fall perfectly within the Serie A season. So, after pouring over the schedule, we realized our best opportunity to see the Old Lady play would be on September 22nd against Hellas Verona. Piece of cake, yeah? Nope! The following is an account of what we went through in as close to real time as I can make it:
September 2nd: After scouring the web in the hope of finding tickets I resort to asking reddit for help. As expected, the snarky comments come fast a furious. Evidently it's a lot of fun to insult people who ask sincere questions on the internet. Narrowing my search to /r/juve, I finally get some help. It seems tickets to Serie A matches don't go on sale until about one week prior to the match day. I'm told this is to prevent something or other. No matter, we'll just buy our tickets a week before the game!
September 14th: I get married. Congratulatory beers can be sent to my [now] wife and I in Red Bull Arena, section 103, row 7. Thanks in advance!
September 16th: Less than a week away from match day, I turn on my computer confident that Juventus tickets will soon be mine. To my dismay, they're already sold out. In a panic, I search Stub Hub and other, American, online ticket brokers to see if anyone has resulted to scalping. Clearly this wasn't going to be easy.
September 18th: Still feeling confident that we'll figure out a way to catch the match, we board our plan and take off for Italy.
September 19th: We land at the Istanbul International Airport and enjoy a seven hour layover. Zero fun is had by all. Finally we board the plane for the second leg of our trip to Italy. We land in Rome, go to our hotel and proceed to sleep for the next 12 hours.
September 20th: I speak to the hotel concierge about getting us tickets to the match. They explain to me that they are not able to purchase tickets for guests due to stadium security or something.....then they mumble something in Italian that I can't quite understand but I'm pretty sure it has to do with AS Roma and me being a putz. Dejected but not deterred, we head to Roma Termini and board our train towards Turin. I'm shocked at how clean, fast and efficient travel by train is in Italy. Assigned seats and everything! Amtrak could learn a thing or two!
Upon arrival in Turin, we immediately drop our luggage off at our apartment and then hit the streets in search of tickets....and wine. Yes, we mustn't forget the wine. On the ticket front, we have zero luck. We are, however, able to find plenty of wine, and that somehow makes the lack of tickets alright. They have this thing called "aperitivo" in Turin which basically just means "let's eat all sorts of tiny sausages and cubes of cheese while we drink lots of Martini Blanco!" The rest of the evening goes by in a blur of candle lit protests, pesky rose vendors and some of the best damn food I've ever eaten.
September 21st: Our first full day in Turin starts with a headache. Two headaches, actually, but who's keeping track? We stumble out onto the streets in search of cappuccinos which are easy to find. Every third door we pass seems to be a cafe. With our coffee fix behind us, we explore Turin in a more sober state of mind. It really is a beautiful city. Clean and grand, it's both a shame and a blessing that it doesn't fall victim to more tourism than it does. We walk slowly from one piazza to another, taking everything in and genuinely feeling glad that we decided to make the once royal capitol the first real stop of our trip. Coincidentally enough, within the first hour of exploration, we stumble into an official Juventus store. I try to ask (in Italian) a particularly friendly employee if we are able to buy tickets there. In completely fluent English, they regretfully reply that they don't sell tickets and even if they did, the game was unfortunately sold out. They do, however, have a list of places that may still have some tickets available, which they print out and lets us keep. Before leaving I thank them to the point of embarrassment and then buy an Andrea Pirlo jersey. When in Turin, right?
We see see more of the great city while walking around, checking off locations from the list of possible ticket vendors. No luck at any of them but the day still feels like a success. We decide to take a break from the hunt and duck into the Egyptian Museum of Turin. Well worth the visit if lots of preserved, mummified corpses and massively impressive rock carvings are your thing.
With the day winding down, we eat some dinner, head back home and look online for more possible options for tickets. After about an hour of research, I find a website called viagogo which is selling tickets for about double face value. What a deal! I immediately purchase two. About ten minutes later, I receive an email saying that we should expect our tickets within one full business day. Considering that it was a Saturday night and the game was the following day, this doesn't exactly make me brim with confidence. I explain to my wife that I'm sure it's just a standard email that they send after any order and that we'll most likely have our tickets by the time we wake up.
September 22nd: We don't have our tickets yet. Shit. For the first time, I start to actually believe that we won't be able to attend the match. I refuse to accept defeat and convince my wife that everything will be fine. We just need to grab a coffee and pastry. We head out of the apartment, take a 20 minute walk around the neighborhood, drink our coffee and then return to the apartment to check our email. The tickets have been delivered! We shout and laugh and dance around the room in celebration. Now we just have to print them. Right. Okay, no problem. We just need to google an internet point or print shop. I mean, they're all over New York, why wouldn't they be all over Turin? Oh, it's Sunday you say? Everything in the city is now closed you say? I don't believe you. It's 11:00am now and the game isn't until 3pm. We have plenty of time to find something!
I find a tobacco shop online that claims to have a computer and printer up for grabs. It's about a twenty minute walk from our apartment and close to the train that we'd need to take to get to Juventus Stadium. We head out in a dead sprint. It's closed. Maybe if we ask the friendly tourist information folks, they can tell us where to go. They aren't sure but suggest we try the hotel across the street. We ask the concierge of the hotel if they have a printer we can use. They don't but they kindly suggests going across the street to the tourist information booth. This is working like gangbusters.
We run our way through the narrow streets of Turin and emerge into another huge piazza. We see what we assume is a cell phone store and and duck inside. The women at the counter tries them best to explain that they would be happy to print our tickets for us but Sunday is the only day of the week that they don't have internet. I start to feel like I should probably buy a lottery ticket. They suggest we try a cafe across the street.
Inside the cafe an incredibly handsome waiter eyes us suspiciously for a moment and then asks us if we'd like a cocktail. I think to myself that a whiskey would probably be great right about now but decide against it. My wife calmly explains the situation while I panic in the corner. After a few minutes of conversation, the waiter offers us their email address and suggest we email them the tickets so that they can print them in the back room. The email is sent before they can finish their sentence. About 15 seconds after they walk to the back, we receive another email....a Mailer Demon. For some reason their email isn't working. They come back out, shakes their head sadly and suggests we just go to the stadium. They think they can print them there.
Taking their advice, we jump on the metro. It's 1pm which gives us a good two hours before kick off. Plenty of time! The trip from center city to Juventus Stadium takes about the same amount of time as the trip from Brooklyn to Red Bull Arena. It's an easy and stress free ride. Other passengers seem to be confused by the dopey American in the Pirlo Jersey.
We arrive at Juventus Stadium. It's a impressive building to say the least. There are thousands of people, about half of which are trying to sell us cheaply made scarves. We ignore the pushy salespersons and multitude of food vendors and head straight for the first ticket office we see. As luck would have it, said office is located directly next to the visitors entrance which is densely surrounded by a horde of loud and angry Italian men wearing Hellas Verona colors. We decide to find a different box office.
After about 10 minutes of searching, we locate another office and get in line. A few minutes later we're told that we need to go to the box office located by the gate of our ticket...directly on the other side of the stadium. It takes us 20 minutes to find the correct BO and we get in line only to be told that they are unable to print our tickets. I beg for them to just scan the email directly from the screen of my phone but they refuse. I hang my head in defeat. Two days, countless embarrassments and 300 bucks had been put into our tickets. The tickets that we are in possession of and unable to use. Frustration and despair are not strong enough words. What a dumb world.
I tell my wife that it's time to give up. Let's just go back to the tram and head home with our tails between our legs. They reluctantly agree. At the tram, the driver explains that they will not be leaving the stadium until the match is over. We have to wait two and a half hours to go home. I ask if there's a pub near by that we might be able to at least watch the game on TV. They point us in the right direction and we set off, hoping to drown our sorrows in whatever alcohol we can find. While walking to the pub, we hear the Verona supporters singing on their way into the stadium that we are not allowed to enter. We hear the Juve supporters singing from within the stadium that we cannot get into. Each rousing chorus is a dagger in our hearts. For the first time, I feel like I've let my wife down. I grab their hand and look at her, hoping to see a comforting smile. Instead I see a look that can only be described as sheer, unbridled hate and determination. "We're getting into that game." They tell me, not so much with words but with some kind of primitive grunt. I tell them she's right, it's stupid to give up. We find some kind of shopping complex that is attached to the stadium. I suggest we look in side as one last gasp effort. We run for the entrance.
We find ourselves inside what looks like every shopping mall in America. Jewelry Stores, video game shops and food courts spread as far as the eye can see. The first stop we make is another official Juventus store. We explain our problem and are told to run, not walk, to a small photo shop across from the gelato parlor a few doors down. We take a dead sprint and arrive in the photo shop out of breath. The bearded old man behind the counter somehow manages to understand what I'm asking them between gasps for air. "You need to print your tickets?" they ask me. "Si." I reply. They slowly stand up and offers me a seat in front of their computer. After a few clicks, our tickets are printing. I begin to cry. The old bearded man gives me a confused look and says "Two Euro." I happily fork over the coins and offer my best accented "Grazie mille!" I would have kissed them if I thought it appropriate. With our tickets in hand, we sprint to our gate expecting a difficult time getting through. They don't even check our bags.
We enter our section and are immediately knocked back by the most intense wall of sound I've ever heard. The South Curva is truly an intimidating sight to behold. Thousands of supporters, all wearing white, black and yellow, singing and screaming in unison....eat your heart out, Seattle.
We find our seats and proceed to watch one of the most beautiful games these eyes have ever seen....and it goes by in a blur.
The skeptic case against climate change is unraveling before our eyes like someone walking away from an old sweater, thread in hand.
For those who have ever put the skeptic arguments to the test, it has always been clear that their criticisms rarely stand up to even the most basic level of academic rigor. But last week's release of the Berkeley Earth Surface Temperature (BEST) study delivered a decisive blow to the edifice of climate skepticism.
The key skeptic pillar, summarized by arch skeptic Anthony Watts, has always been this: "How do we know if global warming is a problem if we can't trust the temperature record?"
Their 2009 study of US weather monitoring stations argued that many were located in areas where temperatures were likely to be higher than in surrounding areas, suggesting that estimates of warming were exaggerated. So the BEST study, partly funded by the climate denial industry, was undoubtedly meant to corroborate Watt's fundamental tenet.
Instead, the BEST study confirmed quite the opposite -- that rapid warming trends found by previous studies of climate change are in fact correct. While the study must still undergo peer review, it is a climate change denial killer for two reasons:
• The research was led by a prominent climate skeptic with funding by denial bankroller Charles Koch. It was given the seal of approval by Watts and other skeptics. Watts: "I'm prepared to accept whatever result they produce, even if it proves my premise wrong." Fred Singer, another long-term denier said: "I applaud and support what is being done by the Project -- a very difficult but important undertaking."
• It annihilates the "climategate" accusations. Skeptics claimed that climate scientists had tried to hide discrepancies in the temperature record which were inconsistent with global warming trends. Even though every one of the six independent inquiries has exonerated the scientists as well as the science, deniers have been relentless. BEST shows that these discrepancies are inconsequential.
Creative Commons: NASA Goddard, 2010
It's important to remember, however, that climate denial is not about getting at the truth. It is a well-funded, carefully orchestrated campaign to block regulations on greenhouse gas emissions. So once the skeptics realized their own study was going to fly in the face of their main talking points, they figured BEST would have to be neutralized somehow. Indeed, Watts has been back-pedaling for months, ever since the preliminary findings were known. Their counter-strategy generally went like this:
1) Create Confusion and Sow Doubt: On October 19, the day of BEST's release, climate denier command central Heartland Institute ran a story headlined: "GAO Confirms: Anthony Watts Is Right, UN Temperature Data Rigged To Show Warming"
Was the timing a coincidence? Hardly. The GAO study in question (PDF) was more than six weeks old and had already been reported widely in the blogosphere based on a distorted press release issued by the skeptics' very own Sen. James Inhofe. (And Heartland further distorted it beyond all recognition, I might add. Rigged data? GAO didn't even imply this, let alone confirm it.)
So why the sudden re-release of an old story, but this time focused specifically on vindicating Watts? Because it was their work that BEST eviscerates. As Watts themselves admits, "I knew that behind the scenes, they were planning a media blitz" (and they of course is scrambling to cast doubt on the findings). It was a preemptive strike meant to imply that there were two sides to the story. And why refer to "UN temperature data" when the story had nothing to do with the UN? Because tapping into public mistrust of the UN is part of the denial narrative.
2) Change the Subject: The press didn't buy the standard "two sides" gambit. Virtually every major media outlet ran stories with headlines like this one from The Economist: "The heat is on: A new analysis of the temperature record leaves little room for the doubters. The world is warming."
So the next move was to pretend this was never a key tenet of the denier argument. The day after publication, Heartland's line was:
The mere assertion that the planet has warmed some tells us absolutely nothing we didn't already know... Few skeptics claim the earth has not warmed during the past 100 years...What defines global warming skeptics is the assertion that our present warming is not a crisis (human-induced or otherwise) - not an assertion that the planet has not warmed.
Um, right. I Googled "Earth is cooling not warming" and got 13 million results. The Urban Heat Island effect has been a lynchpin argument of the deniers, led by Watts, for years.
Perhaps the most blatant example comes from the very man who coined the term climategate, James Delingpole. Just one year ago, in a piece titled Global Cooling and the New World Order, they wrote "the global elite is perfectly well aware that global cooling represents a far more serious and imminent threat to the world than global warming..." The same guy last week?
'The planet has been warming,' says a new study of temperature records, conducted by Berkeley professor Richard Muller. I wonder what he'll be telling us next: that night follows day? That water is wet? That great white sharks have nasty pointy teeth? That sheep go "baaaa"? ...It has been a truth long acknowledged by climate sceptics, deniers and realists of every conceivable hue that since the mid-19th century, the planet has been on a warming trend."
Outright denial is increasingly hard to defend, so the new talking point is "Yes, there is some climate change, and yes, a little might be human-made, but don't worry, most of it is natural so we don't need to do anything about it." This friendly face of climate denial is backed up by Heartland's insidiously deceptive "Encyclopedia" on Climate Change.
3) Silence Climate Scientists: climate scientists have been subjected to a veritable witch hunt. As a bunch of people understandably deficient in PR craft, they've proved an easy target for the skeptics. The most recent attack can be found in an obscure amendment (SA 862) to a Senate "minibus" budget bill (HR 2112). The amendment would prohibit federal employees (including scientists from NOAA, NASA, and other government institutions) from participating "in any password-protected electronic forum that involves the participation in a process or production of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change."
Of course the IPCC uses password-protected fora. Anyone who has ever used online tools (like Google Docs) to work on joint papers knows they are far more efficient than using email. Having draft versions in the public domain would simply create confusion (see 1 above). It would be like conducting climate science as if it were a reality TV show, with every spat judged in the court of public opinion, although in this case the public is far less qualified to pass judgement than on whether Britney should be voted out of the house.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and Federal Reserve may subject five banks to more strict regulations and reserve requirements on October 1, if they fail to submit a satisfactory scheme by then. (Photo: Bee Collins / Flickr)
Federal regulators announced Wednesday morning that Dodd-Frank-mandated resolution plans of five “too big to fail” banks were “not credible,” setting in motion a process that could see them broken up in thirty months.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and Federal Reserve on Wednesday announced that plans outlined by the quintet — Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, New York Mellon, and State Street — were inadequate.
Because of the joint ruling, the firms are under pressure to revise their so-called “living wills.” The FDIC and Fed may subject the five banks to more strict regulations and reserve requirements on Oct. 1, if they fail to submit a satisfactory scheme by then. And if they haven't submitted proper living wills by October 2018, the two agencies “may jointly require the firm to divest certain assets or operations to facilitate an orderly resolution of the firm in bankruptcy,” as the Fed noted on Wednesday.
Three other Wall Street behemoths escaped a similarly bleak scenario for their shareholders. The Fed and FDIC said they disagreed about the credibility of the “living wills” hashed out by Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley — only the FDIC deemed Goldman's plan “not credible,” while the Fed shot down Morgan Stanley's proposal. Citigroup, meanwhile, had its plans almost approved, though both agencies “did identify shortcomings that the firm must address.”
In February, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) explained the significance of joint Fed-FDIC “not credible” determinations on living wills, when asking Fed Chair Janet Yellen about previous rulings made in 2014.
“The Fed's refusal to call the plans ‘not credible' meant the agencies couldn't use statutory rules to push these risky banks in the right direction,” Warren said in a Senate Banking Committee hearing.
When Dodd-Frank financial reform was passed in 2010, Congress created an inter-agency body called the Federal Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) and gave it the power to declare certain banks, investment firms and insurance companies “SIFI” — systemically-important financial institutions.
The law concurrently forced outfits slapped with the SIFI-label to formulate living wills; to minimize the possibility of 2008-style market failure and publicly-funded bailouts, in the event of financial instability.
“Each plan … must describe the company's strategy for rapid and orderly resolution under bankruptcy in the event of material financial distress or failure of the company,” the Fed noted Wednesday.
The eight banks whose living wills were assessed on Monday are the only SIFIs based in the United States. The Fed and FDIC are still assessing plans being written by four foreign SIFIs: Barclays PLC, Credit Suisse Group, Deutsche Bank AG, and UBS.
I've thought about it for months now: Do I or don't I support him? I've started researching and stopped again. It wasn't until very recently that I was sure. And then it hit me: Now what? I've measured what I should say and how that would be perceived. I've volunteered with Soulforce in the past, I work for children's television, and I'm a contributor at InterstateQ… would the perception of these organizations be colored by my stance? Would it appear that I was speaking for something greater than myself? I don't know. But I know one thing:
I support Ron Paul.
There, I said it. He's a Republican, he's slammed by both sides and often ignored or mocked by the media; but you know what?  They are the only candidate I would have no qualms about electing.
You might have noticed activity on the net deriding Paul as homophobic and racist (Good As You has collected the remarks here, though you've probably seen the ensuing blogosphere dustup in places such as here and here), but I am convinced that such an accusation is brash, unfair, and inaccurate.
Congressman Paul has consistently voted for individual liberty, personal freedom, and to protect the Constitution.
They want to repeal most federal drug laws, which disproportionately criminalize people of color
They oppose the death penalty
They favor alternative sentencing to increased prison and voted against increased sentencing for juveniles
They also believe the border-fence (which only targets Hispanic immigrants) is an ineffective way of dealing with illegal immigration
They have come under criticism for opposing equality for gay and transgender individual, despite their repeated belief that all individuals should be respected. Additionally they voted against the Federal Marriage Amendment, one of the few Republicans to do so. Their oft-criticized vote in adoptions by gay DC couples was opposed because they do not support federal funds being used to promote or discourage adoption, not because it included provisions for gay couples (Advocate).
Ron Paul understands that the government should protect all voluntary associations and should not have a say in who can or cannot be married. When asked if gays should be allowed to get married, they responded “Sure.” (here) They also oppose legislative attempts to reduce the rights of gay and transgender people.
While they are a Christian, supports credit for religious education, they also firmly believes that the First Amendment protects controversial speech and opposed measure to outlaw flag burning.
While they don't support a government-sponsored health care system, they support making all health expenses tax-deductible (and thus more accessible).
Congressman Paul would move to restore haebus corpus, end the unConstitutional War in Iraq, restore civil liberties stripped away by the Patriot Act and other similiar measures, and protect the rights and responsibilities of all Americans.
For more information, visit Ron Paul 2008: Hope For America.
For Carolina readers: The South Carolina Republican primary is tomorrow (Jan 19) and is an open primary, all voters may vote in either (but not both) elections which means even Democrats can support Dr. Ron Paul. The North Carolina primary is not until May 6, registered Democrats have until April 11 to change their party affiliation to vote for Ron Paul.
More voter registration / party affiliation change information is available here.
Remember that new category Sony pioneered with their QX line of smartphone cameras? Well, everybody else is getting in on that game now. One interesting entry is the Olympus Air A01, a mirrorless, interchangeable-lens camera that you can control from a smartphone.
Like similar products, the camera can be clipped onto the edge of a phone, aimed using your hand (so you can focus it at unusual angles while keeping your eye on the scene), or mounted on a tripod. It also pairs wirelessly with your phone (it has Bluetooth and Wi-Fi), using the handset's display as its viewfinder and controller.
The Olympus Air A01 crams a 16-megapixel sensor and a TruePic VII image-processing chip inside the cylinder-shaped enclosure, allowing you to capture RAW images, 1080p video, and burst shots at a rate of 10 fps. A micro-four thirds mount lets you swap out a variety of lenses, allowing you to rig your gear with the exact glass you need to do the job. It comes with a built-in rechargeable battery that can take around 320 shots on a full charge, so you'll probably want to keep a power bank nearby if you're shooting videos or pictures for an extended amount of time.
While it can use your phone's memory for storage, there's also an integrated SD card slot and Amazon Cloud Drive integration, so you can keep all recordings you take in a separate place. It's available for Android, iOS, and even the Apple Watch, with an open platform, an SDK, and a 3D data kit for folks who'd like to 3D-print potential accessories for the device.
Available now, the Olympus Air retails for $299 ($499 with an included lens).
The referendum on Crimea's status is going peacefully, with record-breaking turnout, international observers report. Most of them told RT that the referendum is credible and the vote of the Crimean people should be respected.
No violations at the Crimea referendum have been reported by the international observers currently present in the republic.
“It's all quiet so far,” Mateus Piskorkski, the leader of the European observers' mission and Polish MP told Itar-Tass. “Our observers have not registered any violations of voting rules.”
Another observer, Ewald Stadler, member of the European Parliament, dispelled the “referendum at gunpoint” myth, by saying they felt people were free to make their choice.
“I haven't seen anything even resembling pressure,” they said. “People themselves want to have their say.”
Many were impressed by the turnout, which appeared to be so high as to have people stand in lines to get to the ballot box in the morning. The turnout for the referendum in Crimea at 17.00 local time (15.00 GMT) was 70 per cent, the referendum's website said.
"The lines are very long, the turnout is big indeed,” a member of the international observer mission, Bulgarian parliament member Pavel Chernev, said. "Organization and procedures are 100 percent in line with the European standards," they added.
135 international observers have arrived from 23 countries, including Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Latvia and Poland, Crimean authorities said. Among those monitoring the referendum are members of the EU and national European parliaments, international law experts and human rights activists.
‘The referendum is legitimate'
Hours before the referendum started, RT managed to speak to some of those who decided to see for themselves, who's ballots were going to be cast.
Quite contrary to the mainstream official approach taken by the EU and the US, most of them said they believed the referendum in Crimea was legitimate.
“The US and also the EU, they only respect international law, if it's in favor of their opinion,” Johann Gudenus, member of the city parliament of Vienna, said. “Our opinion is – if people want to decide their future, they should have the right to do that and the international community should respect that. There is a goal of people in Crimea to vote about their own future. Of course, Kiev is not happy about that, but still they have to accept and to respect the vote of people in Crimea”.
Johannes Hübner, an Austrian MP said they felt they had to come to Crimea to get the real picture of what was happening on the peninsula.
“The view we get from the American and European media is very distorted,” they said. “You get no objective information. So we decided to come here to have a look at what's really going on and see if this referendum is credible”.
Aymeric Chauprade political scientist and geopolitician from France believes the referendum is justified by Russian and Ukrainian history.
“Yes, I think the referendum is legitimate,” they said. “We are talking about long-term history. We are talking about the Russian people, about the territories of the former USSR with artificial borders. So, I think it's a legitimate referendum that will give opportunity for this Russian population's reunification with Russia”.
Tatjana Ždanoka, European parliament MP, representing Latvia, says the fact that the EU and the US refuse to see the referendum as legitimate can only be explained by double standard applied by Western leaders to the situation.
“The European parliament's resolution demands that Crimeans comply with the Ukrainian constitution and says that the referendum is against that constitution. But that's the same as to demand Kosovars to comply with the constitution of the former Yugoslavia, which naturally never happened. Double standards are everywhere in global politics. We know it from history. We see it now”.
A French geopolitical analyst and Marine Le Pen's foreign affairs senior advisor, Aymeric Chauprade, who also was an observer at the Crimea referendum, told RT it was impossible to say the vote was illegal as it had a “double legitimacy.”
“Of course it is a legal vote, because we are talking about real men and women who are Russian in their heart, in their history,” Chauprade said, talking about a “historical legitimacy.” But there was also an obvious political legitimacy, they added, “because we are talking about a democratic choice, and we're talking about democratic parliament.”
Observers from Serbia also praised the referendum as free and legitimate.
“People freely expressed their will in the most democratic way, wherever we were,” Serbian observer Milenko Baborats told Itar-Tass. “We were amazed by the amount of people who came to the polls. After just 1 hour of voting in most of the polls we visited around 15 percent of voters already cast their votes.”
“During the day we didn't see a single serious violation of legitimacy of the process,” they added.
According to another Serbian observer they visited eight polling stations in Simferopol, Alushta and Yalta.
“We spoke to the members of the electoral commission and the people who came to participate in the referendum. The voting process was very well organized,” Zoran Radoychich told Itar-Tass. “We did not notice any pressure on voters – that was our general impression.”
“As compared to Kosovo, where the referendum was indeed held under the pressure of Western nations, here people are voting freely.”
The foreign affairs editor from Chronicles Magazine, Srdja Trifkovic, who is also an observer at the Crimean referendum has told RT that they drove from Simferopol to Yalta on Saturday and back and they “didn't see a single barrel (of a gun) unless you count two speed traps, one on the way out and one on the way back where police officers had guns.”
“The presence of troops on the streets is virtually non-existent and the only thing resembling any such thing is the unarmed middle-aged Cossacks who are positioned outside the parliament building in Simferopol. But if you look at the people both at the voting stations and in the streets, like on Yalta's sea front yesterday afternoon, frankly I think you would feel more tense in south Chicago or in New York's Harlem than anywhere round here,” they said.
Trifkovic added that in regard to referendums the western powers function on the basis of situational morality and “not on any firm principle.”
“In 1991 Croatia and Slovenia held illegal referenda to secede from Yugoslavia and by the end of that year the European Union recognized them as independent states. In February of 1992 Bosnia Herzegovina held a referendum in violation of its own constitution and yet in April of that year the US rushed to recognize Bosnia, which still remains an incoherent semi state as we know. And the succession of Kosovo from Serbia has been enthusiastically supported by the United States and its west European partners. And the right to self-determination was upheld ahead of the right of a state to territorial integrity. Well, what is source for the Kosovan goose will certainly prove to be the sauce for the Crimean gander but the United States and Brussels are yet to come to terms with it.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Tess Holliday had not given permission for the image to be used
Facebook has apologised after refusing to run an advert featuring plus-sized model Tess Holliday wearing a bikini.
The social network told the BBC it had made a mistake and has now approved the image.
Australian feminist group Cherchez La Femme had expressed fury after Facebook rejected their advert for an event designed to promote body positivity.
Originally the social network told them the advert "depicts a body... in an undesirable manner".
While the event page was not taken down, the advert to promote it was not approved.
"Ads like these are not allowed since they make viewers feel bad about themselves," read the original response from Facebook's Ads Team, which the organisers shared as screenshots on their page.
It also suggested that an alternative image of someone "running or riding a bike" would be more appropriate.
"Our team processes millions of advertising images each week, so we occasionally make mistakes," said a spokesperson.
"To be clear, the image complies with our advertising policies. We have now approved the image and apologise for any offence this caused."
Image copyright Jessamy Gleeson Image caption Jessamy Gleeson is one of the producers of the Cherchez La Femme event.
Facebook's terms and conditions state that images used in advertising may not "show excessive amounts of skin or cleavage".
Jessamy Gleeson, one of the producers of the Melbourne-based "Feminism and Fat" event, told the BBC they were furious.
"They're not policing women's bodies when it comes to acceptable standards of beauty elsewhere," they said.
"I can see that they were attempting to try to tackle eating disorders - that makes sense - but at some point you have to consider that women of different weights exist on Facebook."
The group had contacted Tess Holliday's management for permission to use the image but had not received a reply, they said.
Tokyo will host the Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games for the second time in 2020. The 1964 Tokyo Olympics, which took place only 19 years after the end of World War II, marked the first time the games were held in Asia.
Yoshinori Sakai, who carried the Olympic flame, was born on Aug. 6, 1945, the same day the bomb exploded in Hiroshima. They were chosen to pay tribute to the victims, and to indicate Japan's recovery from the war.
The Olympics also spurred a major building program that dramatically transformed Tokyo's urban landscape. These photos capture the city's 1960s development and the vigor with which the games infused Tokyo.
PHOTO GALLERY Photos Show Tokyo Olympic Games In 1964
This post originally appeared on HuffPost Japan and was translated into English.
Ken Pisi opened the scoring for Northampton at Franklin's Gardens
European Rugby Champions Cup Northampton (7) 15 Tries: Pisi, Waller Pens: Hanrahan Cons: Hanrahan Scarlets (6) 11 Tries: Davies Pens: Shingler 2
Northampton Saints secured a narrow win as Scarlets came away with the losing bonus point in their European Champions Cup opener.
Ken Pisi's try gave Saints an early lead, but Scarlets responded with two Steve Shinglers kicks before half-time.
Gareth Davies crossed to give the Welsh side the advantage after the break.
But Alex Waller went over and JJ Hanrahan added a penalty to hand the victory to Northampton - who survived for 20 minutes with 14 men.
And Scarlets will be left to rue four missed kicks at goal which cost them valuable points at Franklin's Gardens.
Saints reached the quarter-finals of the competition last season and finished top of the Premiership table in May - only to be beaten to the title by Saracens.
But they have only won once in three games this term, while their Welsh opponents have won six from seven in the Pro 12.
The hosts got off to the perfect start when Pisi fended off a late tackle to tap down after only six minutes, and Hanrahan duly converted.
Shingler then got Scarlets off the mark but a turnover from Waller sent Northampton on the charge and Luther Burrell went over at the other end.
However, after deliberation from the television match officials, it was ruled out and George North was shown a yellow card as the Wales international was adjudged to have fouled Michael Tagicakibau in the build up.
George North (right) was sin-binned in the first half and team-mate Jamie Gibson followed suit after the break
Scarlets could not make the extra man count but did land their first try after the break, when Davies sprinted through the Saints defence to cross over.
Northampton regained the lead instantly when Waller touched down from a rolling maul, but found themselves back down to 14 men as Jamie Gibson received a yellow for not rolling away.
Hanrahan went on to slot a penalty to make the game safe but Scarlets were able to come away with a point.
Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder: "It was an arm wrestle but it's a cracking start for us.
"It's far too early to be talking about winning the competition as we are in cracking pool.
"We have Glasgow away next, who beat us away last time and they will play like the Scarlets so we need to be strong in the set piece."
Scarlets coach Wayne Pivac told BBC Radio Wales: "The attitude in the side has changed now where we come into these games to win, no matter what team we put out on paper.
"We had opportunities and it was through our errors and game management that we let that one slip."
Northampton: Foden; K. Pisi, G. Pisi, Burrell, North; Hanrahan, L. Dickson; A. Waller, Haywood, Brookes; Craig, C. Day; Gibson, Wood, S. Dickinson.
Replacements: Tuala for K. Pisi (52), Myler for G. Pisi (61), Fotuali'i for L. Dickson (71), E. Waller for A. Waller (63), Hill for Brookes (63), Harrison for Craig (64), Paterson for C. Day (19)
Not Used: Williams
Sin Bin: North (20), Gibson (65)
Scarlets: Thomas, Tagicakibau, Owen, Parkes, van der Merwe, S. Shingler, G. Davies, R. Evans, Phillips, Edwards, Ball, M. Paulino, A. Shingler, J. Davies, Barclay.
Replacements: T. Williams for S. Shingler (73), A. Davies for G. Davies (73), Rawlins for M. Paulino (56), Price for A. Shingler (79).
Not Used: Myhill, John, Taylor, King
Att: 14,512
Ref: Romain Poite (France)
Update: This story is now official, and the Major Nelson podcast mentioned in the original report is now online.
Original story: Microsoft appears to have confirmed that the final production silicon of the Xbox One hardware features a 6.62 per cent speed boost to its graphics architecture, with an original 800MHz clock-speed bumped up to 853MHz in the shipping console.
Comments from corporate vice president Marc Whitten appear to have leaked online in a now-pulled GameSpot news story, apparently transcribing comments made in a podcast featuring Larry "Major Nelson" Hryb.
According to the report, Whitten tells Hryb that we should expect to see significant progress on Xbox One titles at Gamescom compared to their E3 counterparts.
"This is the time, and this is the thing I think people are going to see as we get into Gamescom and people get their first look at new things since E3. This is the time where developers have the final dev kits in their hands, they're really working closely with us on how things have come together. There are some things that have really started to come together quite well."
They then goes on to describe the behind-the-scenes improvements to the Xbox One graphics driver - something we have described in-depth before - and the speed boost to the GPU itself.
"Since E3, an example is that we've dropped in what we internally call our mono driver. It's our graphics driver that really is 100 percent optimised for the Xbox One hardware. You start with the base [DirectX] driver, and then you take out all parts that don't look like Xbox One and you add in everything that really optimises that experience. Almost all of our content partners have really picked it up now, and I think it's made a really nice improvement," Whitten reportedly says.
"This is the time where we've gone from the theory of how the hardware works - what do we think the yield is going to look like, what is the thermal envelope, how do things come together - to really having them in our hands. That's the time where you start tweaking the knobs. Either your theory was right dead on, or you were a little too conservative, or you were a little too aggressive. It's actually been really good news for us, and an example of that is we've tweaked up the clock speed on our GPU from 800MHz to 853MHz."
Various sources have reported a GPU speed boost being in the pipeline, but no specific figure has yet emerged - until now. A source close to Microsoft would only tell us that the increase is "slight" - and a 6.62 per cent boost is pretty much exactly that: hardly a revelatory boost to performance but obviously something worth having if it effectively comes free of charge, with no production issues.
Is Once Upon a Time putting a twist on a triangle? Who on The Mentalist earned a promotion? Has The Walking Dead found sanctuary? Beast gains a brother? Read on for answers to those questions plus teases from other shows.
RELATED Fall Preview 2014: Your Handy Calendar of 99 Premieres
Can you give us any scoop on Once Upon a Time's Regina, please? We need something to cheer us up! –Ana
Well, when I asked The Boys about the Regina/Robin Hood/Marian love triangle presumably on tap for Season 4, Adam Horowitz was quick to retort, “Who says we're doing a love triangle?” They then explained, “Hopefully it becomes less about the relationship itself and more about Regina [and] open[s] the door to who they are and what she's going to become.” (Anything further on the topic will have to wait for TVLine's Fall Preview Spectacular, coming soon.)
Do you have any info on Belle's mom on Once Upon a Time? –Natalie
Debuting in an Episode 6 flashback, Ma Belle Belle's ma is described as “a strong-willed, spirited woman” who carries themselves with grace and aplomb – even under the most trying circumstances. She'll also boast a natural European accent, if casting has their druthers.
RELATED Once Upon a Time‘s Two Most Burning Frozen Qs Answered
Do you know if there will be a time jump in The Mentalist‘s Season 7 premiere? –aelisjane
Barely. I am hearing that Season 7 (premiering at “midseason”) picks up about two weeks after Jane smooched Lisbon all forrealz-like.
Do you have any scoop on The Mentalist? Anything at all? –Shena
When it rains, it pours. Hot off the presses, TVLine can report that Make It or Break It's Josie Loren (pictured) has already been bumped up to series regular status, in the new Season 7 role of FBI rookie Michelle Vega.
What have you got on the next season of The Walking Dead? —Derek
I can exclusively reveal that the Season 5 premiere, airing Sunday, Oct. 12, is titled — drumroll, please — “No Sanctuary.”
RELATED Walking Dead Showrunner Addresses Daryl's Sexuality, Confirms Gay Male Character Is On the Way
Do you have any new scoops for Beauty and the Beast fans? Maybe a return date? –zavier
For Season 3 – which has a premiere date of Sometime in 2015 – the resilient CW drama is casting the role of Tess' older brother Jamie, an overbearing lawman on track to become their kin's commanding officer. Big bro will bust JT's chops some, bringing out an impressive new side to Tess' beau.
Since you had such a wonderful time in Cincinnati, would you give me, a Cincinnatian, a Brooklyn Nine-Nine spoiler? – Lindsey
Prepare to meet the parents! Episode 6 of the sophomore comedy – now airing on Sunday nights, remember! – will introduce us to not only Gina's “eccentric” and “offbeat” mother, Darlene, but also Boyle's “very New York Italian” father, who is named… Lynn? (And yes, Cincinnati was awesome.)
Will we see Paige Turco on NCIS: New Orleans, or is they too busy with The 100? –Daniel
Thus far, the latter. Scott Bakula's TV wife is discussed/alluded to in the very early episodes, but thus far has yet to put in a physical appearance. And if you know how I famously feel about TV's erstwhile Melanie Cortlandt, so much is about the physical.
This may be outside of your wheelhouse, but I saw your Facebook comment about it: Do you think Jennifer Aniston was genuinely pissed about Jimmy Kimmel's “surprise” Friends reunion? –Des
Oh, my wheelhouse is a fluid beast. We made a point to ask around, and an insider told TVLine that Aniston was very much “in on the joke and totally on board with it.” That said, I still question their “acting choices,” at least once Friends “Phoebe” and “Mon” walked in.
Any news on Resurrection‘s new season? –Sherryl
Asked to compare Season 2 to the show's first-year student run, series creator Aaron Zelman told me, “In Season 1, so much happens so quickly – it was eight or nine days – so it was very reactive. Whereas Season 2 is a bit more, ‘OK, this is the new reality — now how do we live with this? What does it mean that people can come back? And what does it mean that people who came back can disappear?' What does it mean for doctors like Maggie to treat people who are terminal knowing maybe they're not terminal? It throws everything on its head. You're going to see a lot more characters dealing with that new reality.”
Now that NBC has shown Parenthood promos confirming that Amber is pregnant, do we know if Matt Lauria is returning as part of this storyline? – Ann
As previously scooped, Ryan will resurface in Episode 3— undoubtedly pleasing their portrayer. “I would absolutely love to return,” Lauria had told me while out promoting their DirecTV drama Kingdom (premiering Oct. 8). After all, they noted, the Amber/Ryan storyline “ended in an open way.” (I'll say!) But maybe there's a third party to worry about? Lauria's Kingdom costar/fellow P'hood alum Jonathan Tucker playfully interjected with their theory that “Mayor Bob Little, now that a few years have passed, will be able to take back Amber” — and without a fight! Silly lad.
Real questions, real answers. If you need the Inside Line on a favorite show, email InsideLine@tvline.com!
Nintendo did a new Nintendo Direct late last night (America time, that is). And if you have a Switch and are a classic Square Enix fan, you are 100% in luck - there are now a ton of Final Fantasy games coming your way. First, five games from the late 90's/early 2000's: Final Fantasy VII, Final Fantasy IX, Final Fantasy X, Final Fantasy X-2, and Final Fantasy XII were all announced for 2019 releases on the Nintendo system. One would have to assume that for these games, they will be ports of the most recent Windows releases, and in the case of X/X-2, will be purchased as a single unit as they have been previously for PS4 and PC.The cute and simple version of Final Fantasy XV, called Pocket Edition, was released on mobile in February of this year, and for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One just last Friday. The Switch version was likely also ready for that release day, but as Nintendo Direct was delayed a week due to hurricanes in the Pacific Ocean, the announcement lost a bit of momentum and fell behind the other consoles. It's priced at $29.99 on Switch, but currently you can get it for 40% off as a release celebration.World of Final Fantasy is also coming to Switch, on November 6. The Switch edition will be called "Maxima," will add in a new feature called "Avatar Change" in which the player characters Reynn and Lann will be able to change their appearance to that of classic Final Fantasy characters when in their non-Jiant modes. Cloud, Lightning, Yuna, and Noctis all appeared in the short video snippet as Avatar Change options, though it's likely that many more will be available.Finally for new news, a remaster of Chocobo's Mystery Dungeon was also announced for release sometime this winter. This game was originally released a decade ago for Wii, and the new version is subtitled "Every Buddy" because in the new release, every monster is available as a friend option (and because two people can play by splitting the Joy-Cons).If you don't have a Switch, though, you won't be left out. Xbox One and PlayStation 4 will be getting a number of these games as well. Microsoft gamers get the biggest lift, as most of the games were not previously available there: World of Final Fantasy, Final Fantasy VII, Final Fantasy IX, Final Fantasy X/X-2 and Final Fantasy XII will all be arriving on the XBO; WoFF will arrive on November 6 just as for Switch, with the others coming next year. PlayStation 4 gamers will also get Every Buddy, and can upgrade their WoFF to Maxima with paid DLC. WoFF will also be coming to PC!Source: Siliconera
Union revenue secretary Hasmukh Adhia on Saturday defended the proposal to tax Employee's Provident Fund withdrawals, saying the intention was only to encourage investment in pension schemes, but the phrasing in the Budget speech caused the confusion.
"The entire thing happened not because of any illogicality in the step but due to the communication gap," Adhia said at an interaction on Budget at the Ahmedabad Management Association here.
"In the budget we try to concise the speech by minimising the words. If it goes beyond 1 hour and 30 minutes it becomes boring. When we were reducing the number of words and when it came to this paragraph we chopped it off and that is how the problem occurred," Adhia said.
"If we had paraphrased this paragraph differently then less confusion would have been created."
The government has in fact continued with the policy of exempting EPF at all three stages (entry, during the scheme and exit), they argued.
"We have not said that we will be taxing remaining 60% (of withdrawn EPF). The first 40% is totally exempt. Regarding remaining 60% the expectation is you should put it in some pension scheme....To encourage people to put their money in pension products we have said if you put the remaining 60 per cent in annuity scheme it will not be taxed....original corpus after your death will go to your heir and that will also be tax exempt," they said.
"So in a way we have continued exempt, exempt, exempt scheme, but with a time period," they said.
"We do not wish to get anything out of this, it is not a revenue mobilisation effort," Adiha said.
"The Finance Minister has already said that they will make the announcement on it in a very short time (in Parliament)", they noted.
The government could not raise the Income Tax exemption limit as when it was raised the last time from Rs 2 lakh to 2.5 lakh, it lost some 40 lakh tax payers, they said to another question.
Now look at the trail of desecration that stretches from the Friday night march across the grounds of the University of Virginia to Trump's press conference the following Tuesday. UVA students treat “the lawn” at the heart of the original campus as hallowed ground, and most of them revere “Mr. Jefferson” as the (morally complicated) founder of the university. (I taught there for 16 years, and came to share those quasi-religious feelings.) This is why it made emotional sense to some students to rush out and “defend” a statue of Jefferson by surrounding it—unarmed—as a throng of torch-bearing armed white supremacists approached. There is no reason to think that the marchers would have vandalized the statue, but their unopposed presence would have contaminated it.
That torchlight march, and the main rally the next day, gave the country the shocking spectacle of fellow Americans chanting “Jews will not replace us” while making Nazi salutes and anti-black slurs. It was a rejection—a desecration—of the story shared by most Americans in which we are not a nation based on “blood and soil,” we are a nation of immigrants who accepted the American creed. That creed includes the idea that “all men are created equal.” Americans know that we do not yet live up to our aspirations, but publicly accepting the premises of the nation's founding documents is a requirement for political leadership in America. To deny those premises is blasphemy, and so white supremacism, the KKK, and neo-Nazis are by definition blasphemous.
The sociologist Robert Bellah coined the term “American civil religion” in the 1960s. They were referring to the fact that despite the absence of any official religion, Americans approach citizenship and nationhood in ways that are recognizably religious. We treat our Declaration of Independence and our Constitution as sacred texts; we erect memorials to our martyrs (and then punish or shame anyone who dishonors them), and we expect the president to transcend politics and play the role of high priest and chief unifier in times of national crisis.
That's what made President Trump's press conference on Tuesday, August 15, so astonishing. They had failed to condemn Nazis and the KKK on the day of the main march, even after a young woman was killed in an act of terrorism. On that Saturday they condemned hatred, bigotry, and violence “on many sides,” and then sent out a tweet that was a clumsy and inadequate attempt to play the role of high priest:
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017
Two days later, in response to the public outcry, their staff wrote a statement that they read aloud:
Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.
But just 24 hours later, Trump effectively renounced their own statement. Speaking spontaneously, in response to questions from reporters, they returned to their “many sides” formulation and the moral equivalency of the marchers and counter-demonstrators. The president of the United States said that there were “very fine people” on both sides.
With Mr. Piëch's influence diminished, Mr. Winterkorn pushed ahead with a strategy of improving profit margins at Volkswagen, which continues to struggle to make inroads in the United States and whose growth has stalled in emerging markets like Brazil, China and Russia. The plan includes the discontinuation of unprofitable VW models and the slashing of 5 billion euros, or about $5.5 billion, in operating costs by the end of 2017.
Just two weeks ago, a steering committee of the board had voted unanimously to extend Mr. Winterkorn's mandate, which was due to finish in 2016, until the end of 2018.
Volkswagen's traditional culture of highly centralized decision-making could make it difficult for Mr. Winterkorn to deflect suspicions that they and other senior managers at the company's headquarters in Wolfsburg, Germany, were aware of the software manipulations at the heart of the scandal, experts say.
“This wasn't a small engineering decision that slipped by management,” said Jo-Ellen Pozner, an assistant professor at the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley. “It seems to me like something had to be approved by at least a division head.”
With an annual salary of more than €16 million, Mr. Winterkorn is Germany's highest-paid chief executive. Since taking the helm in 2007 — before the software began appearing in the 2009 model year diesel cars — they have enjoyed the support of Chancellor Angela Merkel as well as the automaker's powerful workers' council. But on Tuesday, it was not clear whether Mr. Winterkorn, whom colleagues refer to by the nickname Wiko, would be able to count on their continued support.
“If it emerges that Winterkorn was involved in the issue, then they would step down on their own,” Bernd Osterloh, a Volkswagen board member and labor leader who has until now been an ally of Mr. Winterkorn, told reporters in Frankfurt on Tuesday. “We can't afford such reputational damage.”
Mr. Winterkorn has nurtured a passion for cars since their childhood in Leonberg, in southwestern Germany, home to a Porsche test site where they used to watch the German sports carmaker's autos whiz by on a track near their home.
Because there's no real sense of mortality,makes a dramatic departure from many of its genre counterparts. There are no loading screens to break up gameplay when you accidentally send them to their maker. Since there are no worries about having sand to rewind time or the dreadful notion of waiting to retry, it's easier to jump back into the game from your last checkpoint and try again. It's a testament to this fluid feature that it never feels as though the game is holding your hand. You'll realize just how invaluable it is once you've cleared a section of the game world and start collecting Light Seeds. These luminescent orbs are the currency of's world, and you'll risk life (well, not really) and limb to collect them once Elika removes all of the darkness from that stage. It's in these sections that you'll really get to test out your new platforming abilities and flirt with failure. Although the PC version lacks any Windows Live achievements --the console versions reward you for getting saved less than 100 times-- there's still some challenge to trying to clear the game with the fewest amount of Elika rescues possible.Besides functioning as a conduit to exploration, Elika is as much of a combatant in battles as the Prince.continues the one-on-one combat of the later Sands of Time games and adds some unique flourishes. Not only can the Prince slice at enemies with their sword or throw them skyward with their gauntlet, Elika can attack as part of their combos. Combat wasn't the strongest suit in the pasttitles, but it's markedly improved here, thanks to Elika and some of the other elements. Not only can you finish battles by pushing enemies off of ledges, you can unleash a variety of combos on them that feel a bit smoother than in any previous titles. Blocks and parries take a little practice, but once you've gotten the timing down, they're fairly fluid and easy to pull off. Boss fights are more exciting and engaging than in past titles thanks to this new fighting system.It's not just button taps that aid in the combat process.'s gorgeous cel-shaded animation -- lively and reminiscent of-- gives player and enemy movements a fluidity that makes it easier to see when you're making a mistake, or when you're able to find a window of opportunity to parry that sword attack. The game's visuals are tweaked to give you immediate feedback on the action: Whenever the Prince makes a leap that could prove fatal, color desaturates. As the screen goes black and white, you might have a split-second to summon Elika's jump extension and save yourself. It's a small flourish that says volumes about's blend of style and substance.Although Ubisoft has caught its share of flak over the years, whether it's for lackluster PC ports that show up months after console release or games that release filled with unpopular DRM software,is just as good on your computer as it is on a console. It controls just as well with a keyboard and mouse as with an Xbox 360 controller or DualShock 3. We ran it at a variety of settings, and it looked even more gorgeous than on Xbox 360. It's also worth noting that the disc-based version of(which we played for review) doesn't have any copy protection to stifle your system. An Ubisoft rep told us that there will be copy protection for digital versions, although we found few details around the net on the eve of release.It'd be a shame to callsimply another series reboot. Truly great games of any genre assimilate proven ideas from other titles and introduce new ones. In this case, the new title combines strong platforming fundamentals,'s open-world structure, and some of's wonderful aesthetic flourishes. What it introduces to action games is something truly wonderful. Since the Prince can't die, the pace and rhythm of gameplay is never lost, yet it still offers a challenge even for hardcore gamers. Elika is something of a semi-NPC, as you never fully control her, yet she's a hugely integral part of the game experience, from rescues to combat. With all of these ingredients -- both new and familiar -- mixed together,is undoubtedly one of the year's finest games.
Voters in Virginia will have the chance to elect the purr-fect candidate for their senate seat after a cat named Hank entered the race.
Hank the Cat is in the running for a seat in the US Senate (Picture: Facebook)
Hank, a nine-year-old former street cat, has a strong presence on social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter while also having their own website.With a slogan of ‘milk in every bowl', Hank's run for election is based around job creation with the feline candidate described as a ‘proud independent'.Hank's promotional materials paint a picture of them having ‘real world experience, a unique point of view, and limitless energy'.On their official website Hank states: ‘If I had to sum up my feelings for Virginia's future, I would have to say: Meow.”When I'm elected to the Senate, I'm going to work hard to make sure that there is milk in every bowl across this great nation.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
Also in the race for election are two former Virginia governors, Republican George Allen and Democrat Tim Kaine.
However, with all the buzz surrounding him, Hank will certainly be feline confident that they can compete well for the seat vacated by Democrat senator Jim Webb.
Virginia voters have even been treated to an advert as part of the ‘cat-paign', in an attempt to usher Hank into power.
Samsung's gearing up for the launch of its latest smartwatch by releasing its SDK ahead of the official reveal, which it has never done before. Devs might need some extra time to prep their applications for its release you see, since the newest Galaxy Gear will most likely have a rounded watch face unlike its older siblings' rectangular ones. The press release announcing the SDK, spotted by Android Central, came a with a circle weather watch face graphic, along with a few images of rounded apps (CNN, Yelp and more). Sadly, there were no hints in the PR indicating when the new device will be launched. But if you're really hankering for a rounded smartwatch, there's already a few out on the market, including the Moto 360 and the LG G Watch R.
Deep Carbon Observatory is an adventure for Dungeons and Dragons.
The adventure takes players from a town devastated by an unexpected flood, through a drowned land where nature is turned upside down and desperate families cling to the roofs of their ruined homes, hiding from the monstrous products of a disordered world, through the strange tomb of an ancient race, to a profundal zone, hidden for millennia and now exposed, and finally to the Observatory itself, an eerie abandoned treasure palace, where they will encounter a pale and unexpected terror which will seek to claim their lives.
The adventure is suitable for a lucky mid-range party, a stupid high-level party or an exceedingly clever low level party. It is difficult, with a meaningful possibility of character death. Should you find them, and defeat their guardians, the treasures of an ancient culture will be yours.
At the final point of the Observatory is a glimpse of another world.
Deep Carbon Observatory is about 90 pages long, 20,000 words with four maps and extensive artwork by Scrap Princess.
Stats are minimal and given for LOTFP but should be easily transferable into any simple D&D system.
It was created by Patrick Stuart and Scrap Princess. The layout was by Alex Mayo and it was brought into being at the command of Zzarchov Kowalski
MAPS
If you prefer top-down maps, Gus L has created some for this adventure for free and Luka Rejec edited them into a more pleasurable form. go here to access them.
REVIEWS
Robin Zink at RENFIELDS CAT has actually run it.
"I love this thing. It has introduced myself and a rotating circle of about ten friends to Old School role-playing and we are having the best fucking time."
Basicred RPG
"The phrase "There's a flood and your PCs are compelled to investigate!" is not in the module because it got in the way of poison and rules for the stairs, and because doing awesome things is taken as granted in your players."
Bonigen.org
"Like many contemporary adventures it's shock full of desperation and sadness and malice. What makes it stand out, however, is the human scope."
Dungeon of Signs
"Ultimately Deep Carbon Observatory is a thought provoking and wonderful adventure, almost novelistic in its scope and strangeness." ... "Despite my affection for the creator of Deep Carbon Observatory it has troubles. "
Save vs Totalpartykill
"Scrap Princess' illustrations contribute to the overall tone of the book. I find their work is so frenzied and terrifying. Maybe that's not the right word, but there is something about how they draw that I find really visceral. I don't know anyone else that draws like her."
Hack and Slash
The nearest I can figure is avant garde is code for everything in this module is interesting and novel.
Cauldrons and Clerics
Seriously, my points here are - it gives you pretty much everything you need for 4-8 sessions of gaming, depending on your style (my style of games would probably end up at the higher end of that amount) - which for $10 is a steal. (In the same review Luka also goes into some of the negatives.)
Nerdwerds
This adventure deserves to be spoken about in hushed tones and discrete symbols.
Violent Media
Go buy this fucking thing… It's incredibly good and very, very interesting.
I have a favorite Italian restaurant in Minnesota. They specialize in handmade pastas tossed before your salivating gaze with delicious ingredients in a million different permutations. Each time I go, I think, "I could make this at home. I know most of the ingredients and I watched them put it all together. I got this."
But I don't. The pasta I make at home is tasty and closely resembles the restaurant dish, but invariably it misses the mark. Too little butter, too much vermouth, overcooked pea tendrils, undercrisped prosciutto. Something is always different, but I still keep trying because I like the challenge—and I like to eat the attempts.
Cloning beer is a bit like attempting to reproduce a restaurant pasta dish. The motivation is similar—the desire to recreate a great commercial product at home. The known knowns are similar—most of the ingredients and techniques. The known unknowns are similar—some of the ingredients and techniques. And the unknown unknowns are similar—they exist.
Just like with the pasta, you can increase your odds of success as a homebrewer by filling in the gaps in your pantry and your arsenal of techniques. For the pasta, you might chat up the cooks and splurge for the best ingredients. You could even take a cooking class to bone up on technique. Below, I will show you some of the steps you can take to brew your favorite commercial beer at home. It won't be perfect, but it will be darn close.
Practice Tasting Beer
In order to figure out how a commercial beer is made, you need to be able to pick out its flavors and aromas—you'll need to be a bit of a detective. Can you smell and/or taste the base malt? Is it pale, bready, toasty, subtle, or strong? See if you can detect any specialty malts: do you smell caramel? Anything roasty? How much hoppy bitterness is there? Can you smell or taste distinctive hops flavors like citrus, pine, spice, or mint? What about yeast? Is it fruity? Sour? Do you think there could be any oak, smoke, coffee, or fruit? What is the mouthfeel like? Is it smooth, effervescent, full, or dry? Is there alcohol heat?
In order to hone your tasting skills, it can be helpful to taste a beer alongside a beer judge who can help identify specific flavors. Or give yourself a leg up and try tasting beers for which you know the ingredients, like your homebrew. Can you identify each part of the recipe? Consider brewing single-malt, single-hop (SMaSH) beers specifically to get to know the ingredients, or taste your way through the single-hop, single-malt, or yeast brews from Mikkeller.
Milk the Brewer
Glean all that you can from information provided publicly by the brewer. Check out the brewery's website and blog to look for details. If a brewer claims a beer is a pilsner, you can bet there is Pilsen malt, noble hops, and lager yeast. Northwest Pale Ale? Pale ale 2-row, crystal malt, plentiful Northwest hops, and clean ale yeast. The level of alcohol is usually printed on the bottle, but brewers often have other useful numbers posted on their website, such as original gravity, fermentation temperature, lagering time and conditions, and sometimes even mash temperatures. They often post a rough outline of ingredients, but this is usually so vague it's of little use except to give a hint about hops varieties.
Once you have exhausted the public information, try getting more details from the head brewer. If you can find them, head brewers of micro and nanobreweries can be tremendous fonts of information. Brewers like to talk about their craft, and if you're friendly, you may find that once you express enthusiasm for the brewery and the beer, you might learn much more than you'd hoped.
Be sure to do your research elsewhere on the internet, too. Scour homebrew forums for insights into specific beers. You may find information posted by someone who talked to the head brewer and learned something different than you. Many clone recipes are available online, often with tasting notes comparing the clone to the commercial beer. Sometimes, a brewery will even post a clone recipe online or in a brewing magazine.
One last thing a brewer can give you is yeast. Most breweries have proprietary yeast strains, so they won't tell you what strain they have. (Regardless, the information wouldn't be that helpful, because many strains exist only within the walls of single breweries. Look to Belgium for extreme examples.) However, some small breweries will give you a sample of their yeast. When you go for a tour, simply bring along a sanitized mason jar with lid and ask if you can bring home some yeast. Some places will ask you to return during the week when they are brewing more actively. Some will refuse. But most small brewers were recently homebrewers and are sympathetic and generous. Respect the gift and don't give it away to potential competitors.
Experiment
When you have learned all that you can about the beer you want to clone, the next thing is to try making it. Be mindful of each step of the process. Take detailed notes on ingredients, techniques, and unexpected events. When your first attempt does not measure up—and it won't—you'll want careful records so that you can change just one or two things and keep the rest of the process constant. If you are inconsistent in technique from batch to batch, you won't know if differences in flavor are from changes in the recipe or changes in your technique. Be precise and be diligent in order to minimize differences between batches. Taste with attention and care. Take notes. Repeat.
Have you ever cloned a beer? Which one(s)? Which beer(s) would you like to clone? Let us know in the comments!
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
Kolkata: Excitement and expectation over the Moghalmari excavation site near Dantan in West Midnapore peaked on Monday as the state archeology department, which is digging up the ancient Buddhist vihara ruin, confirmed that it has found a portion of a gold crown over the weekend.Archaeologists say the find is extremely rare since gold and silver ornaments have almost never been dug up at Buddhist excavation sites. The recovered piece, 7.5x4cm in size, looks like the tip of a crown set in a chunk of terracotta, probably part of a Buddha statue. It has been sent to the state archeology museum at Behala for further examination.The Moghalmari vihara is gradually emerging as one of the oldest in the country, dating back to at least 6th century if not older. A large number of statuettes, pottery fragments and bronze items have been recovered from the mound since excavation re-started in January. Recently, gold coins bearing the name of Samachar Deva, a king of the pre-Pala dynasty, were dug up.“We were stunned to find the portion of the gold crown.We feel it was part of the main Buddha statue of the vihara. Gold ornaments were normally not part of Buddha statues. But the Vajrayana sect of Buddhism worshipped what was known as the Crown Buddha. It seems this gold crown was worn by a Crown Buddha,“ said Prakash Maity , the chief archaeologist at the site.“It is possible that the Moghalmari vihara received royal patronage during the pre-Pala times from Samachar Deva, a local satrap who came into prominence in south Bengal after the fall of the Guptas in 550 AD. Notably, king Shashanka had not emerged on the scene yet.Again, while this crown might be indicative of religious harmony , Shashanka was a Shaiva and might not have been too kind towards other religions. Naturally , these matrices have to be studied while establishing the antiquity of the vihara,“ Maity said.He went on to suggest that since Moghalmari was part of an important trade route, the gold ornaments might have been gifted by traders. Two important seals have already been discovered that suggest the name of the vihara was `Sribandaka vihara'.
I've raised my daughters next to the San Lorenzo River, but we've only touched it once. I walk my dog next to it every day, I cross its bridges to downtown. My drinking water comes from the river, which I only learned about recently. Like most people in Santa Cruz, I cross this river all the time, but never give it much thought.
I have never had a picnic on its banks, skipped pebbles in it, fished or canoed. I never brought my daughters to play in it. I have never been in it. Until last year.
That's when I got to participate in one of the boating days on the river organized by the Coastal Watershed Project. For two giddy hours, I stood on a paddleboard going down the San Lorenzo, and rode in a canoe on the way back up. I had never seen downtown from that vantage point. For the first time, I sat in a canoe besides my daughter, in the river they grew up next to. We touched the San Lorenzo.
My view of the river changed after that day. I began to pick up more trash on my walks. I went down to the river banks. I had a picnic once. I developed a deep longing, when the river was high, to get into a boat and paddle slowly to the sea. But I couldn't — yet.
This Tuesday, at 2:30 p.m., the Santa Cruz City Council is voting on whether to permit a pilot boating project, where for two months out of the summer, limited paddleboards and kayaks would be allowed from the Soquel Bridge to the ocean, all overseen by a biologist to study the impact on the wildlife population. It should help determine what impact boating may have on the river and help draft rules that will permit the cohabitation of this space safely. It's time to write your council members and let them know if you support this studied trial.
My own experience was so profound, that I think that if others were given this opportunity, we might go a long way towards restoring the San Lorenzo to a thriving river. One that invites the next generation to have a picnic on the shore, toss a pebble from its banks, float on it, appreciate it — touch it once again.
Debora Wade lives in Santa Cruz.
Hall in the Back Bay isn't like other most places where you can get a meal. You can eat there, or eat somewhere else, or not eat at all. You can bump into a friend, or bring a friend, or make a new one. You can arrive at 5 p.m. after working all day, or you can work there all day and leave at 5 p.m.
The subscription-based eat-play-work venue opened this week with the goal of offering a communal space that feels like your own, whether you're spreading out papers on a table to plan your side gig or catching up with an old friend.
Advertisement
“Those, to us, are the moments that are important and that we want to cultivate at Hall,” said CEO and founder Albert Nichols. “The food that we make is the most important component we can use to make those moments happen.”
The Gloucester Street brownstone is open seven days a week from 6 a.m. to midnight. Subscribers opt for six-, three-, or one-month commitments, starting at $69 per week. Two meal choices are offered Sunday through Thursday nights after 5 p.m., while the venue hosts private events on Friday and Saturday nights. During the daytime, Hall provides healthy snacks.
The interior of the well-lit Wi-Fi-outfitted space has the sense of an enormous living room, complete with numerous couches, coffee tables, regular tables, stools, potted plants, and even a built-in mudroom-esque bench.
The interior of Hall. —Sarah Gibbons
“When 7 o'clock rolls around and you're still at work, and you're trying to figure out, ‘What should I do for dinner tonight? I want to eat healthy, but ugh, who wants to do [X cuisine] again?' … You know you can just go to Hall,” Nichols said. “You know it's going to be something that's fresh, it's a little bit more social, and it's an environment that allows you to relax for a second, instead of people staring you down, waiting for your table at Sweetgreen because you stayed for more than five minutes.”
Advertisement
If that description sounds a little long-winded, it might be because Nichols created Hall to fill not so much a niche in the market as a gaping chasm.
Nichols, who attended boarding school at the Fay School and Deerfield Academy before studying computer engineering at Tufts University, found themselves in a corporate job after graduation — better off financially than during college, but missing the communal experience of school dining halls.
“I had more money to spend on good healthy food and seeing my friends,” they said. “But for some reason, I found it more difficult than ever to actually get healthy food, or just hang out with my friends like I used to when I was in college.”
So Nichols, now 26, interviewed more than a hundred people about their dining habits, desires, and problems — sometimes just striking up conversations with strangers in grocery stores, they said. And they found that a majority of the interviewees felt the same way they did: I want a home-cooked meal, with my friends, in a place that feels like home, but I want someone else to make it for me.
The thing was, they said, “There was nowhere to get that. So the question was, ‘How do you build a place that feels like home?'”
Albert Nichols at Hall. —Aram Boghosian for The Boston Globe
On a Monday evening in November 2015, Nichols invited five friends to their apartment for dinner. They cooked in the kitchen but didn't play host.
“They could take it in a to-go box, eat it there, they could stay for five minutes, they could stay for an hour — I did not curate it,” they said. “I literally stayed in the kitchen, and when someone arrived, I would make their food and hand it to them.”
Advertisement
Their goal was to recreate the experience of the Fay School's dining hall — the “forced socialization” with the flexibility and comfort to use the space as you wanted: no assigned tables, no awkwardness about pulling out your laptop, no push to move on when you're done with your food.
Nichols ran that early iteration of Hall out of their apartment every Monday until earlier this year, when they quit their job at IBM to move Hall into a full-time venture with its own space.
Now there's a team to cook the food, but the goal still is to provide a “home-cooked” meal. That means, first, the food has to be something normal people (see: not gourmet chefs) make and eat in their homes, and second, you have to know the person making the food and serving it to you — a relationship that Hall's subscription model is better able to cultivate than most restaurants or fast-casual spots, Nichols said.
Moroccan chicken with cauliflower at Hall. —Julia Goldman
Hall also strives for all of its food to be “farm-fresh.” The team plans its menu about a month out in order to know what local farms and purveyors will have available.
From there, Hall offers one non-meat, gluten-free “light” option and one protein-centered “hearty” option each night. Light options include roasted sprout salad with tomatoes and mozzarella, a kale-mushroom tempeh bowl, and heirloom tomatoes with roasted sweet corn succotash. On the heavier side, Hall's offerings include short rib enchiladas, chicken tikka masala, and Korean beef japchae with stir-fried glass noodles and veggies.
Hall's motto is, “be healthy, be productive, be social,” Nichols said. “We want to make it as easy and thoughtless as possible.”
44 Gloucester St., Boston; hallboston.com
NBCUniversal has issued a legal threat to the “parody” website NBC.com.co, which has made hay recently from fake news stories designed to trade on the Peacock's name.
The media conglomerate sent an email to the site in mid-September, informing it that “the unauthorized use of the NBC and NBC News names on the website falsely suggests, and is likely to confuse visitors into thinking, that the website is affiliated with, endorsed by, involved with, or otherwise connected to NBC News or NBCUniversal.”
The bogus NBC.com.co site, registered via an anonymous service using the top-level domain assigned to Colombia, recently has managed get its fake stories into the Google News feed by making them appear as if they're from NBC News. Those included false reports that Yelp.com sued the producers of “South Park” and Comedy Central over a recent episode and another that “Breaking Bad” creator Vince Gilligan was plotting a sixth season of the show.
Paul Horner, the individual who claims responsibility for the website, confirmed in an email to Variety that NBCU sent a legal takedown notice — but they argued that their site is legally protected because it's a parody and because they don't use any NBC logos.
Related NBCUniversal's Linda Yaccarino, Fox Networks' Joe Marchese Talk About Changing Ad Formats Pete Bevacqua Expands Oversight of NBC Sports
NBCU declined to comment on the matter. Google did not respond to a request for comment.
Advertisers on NBC.com.co — placed through Google's DoubleClick service — currently include Best Buy, Showtime Networks, Lionsgate, TD Bank, Maserati and Cablevision Systems' Optimum. Horner claims to operate other fake-news websites as well.
The obviously outlandish headlines on NBC.com.co include “Obama Endorses Donald Trump For President” and “Obama Announces Third Term Presidential Run.”
Less-evident nonsense on the website includes bogus headlines like “Fight Club 2 Announced: Begins Filming November 2015” and “Largest Hispanic Civil Rights Group Honors Donald Trump With ‘Worst Person In The World' Award.”
Horner lives in Phoenix, Arizona, according to reports. Per a Washington Post profile of the character last year, they are the perpetrator of numerous Internet hoaxes, including one that Facebook would start charging a monthly user fee and another that President Obama personally funded a Muslim cultural museum.
Details of a £50 million state-of-the-art sports, research and education facility for the site of the former Don Valley stadium have been unveiled.
Sheffield Sharks basketball team, Sheffield Eagles Rugby Club and the Sheffield Hallam University and The Sheffield College are all playing a part in the development of a multi-sports facility, school for pupils aged two to 16, a university technical college and a sports sciences research centre, dubbed the Olympic Legacy Park.
An artist's impression of the Olympic Legacy Park
The site will link up with the English Institute of Sport and the Woodbourn Road athletics track, which could also be in line for improvements and could be upgraded to boast an all-weather indoor facility.
Former sports minister Richard Caborn likened the centre to the sports equivalent of the Advanced Manufacturing Centre, calling it a ‘Silicon Valley for sport'.
They said: “This will be the living heart of the valley. That is what sport ought to be.
“We are rewriting the next chapter in the book of sport for Sheffield.
An artist's impression of the Olympic Legacy Park
“We think that this can be the Silicon Valley of sport. This is Sheffield at its best.”
They added that the facilities will form part of the Olympic legacy from the 2012 games.
The park will incorporate the 1,200-place, £17 million ‘super school' for pupils aged two to 16 announced earlier this year.
READ MORE: Don Valley £17million super school announced
School agreed for Don Valley Stadium site
Sheffield Eagles Rugby Club will move into a new community stadium featuring a high quality synthetic pitch, a main stand seating 2,500 people and a 50-bed hotel with catering and hospitality areas as well as facilities developed in partnership with Sheffield's second University Technical College.
A new ‘sustainable multi-purpose indoor community arena' will house the Sheffield Sharks, which will also serve as a building for sport, culture and business.
It will have three full-size courts and seat up to 3,000 people and Sheffield-based sports and events business MLS will also move into the facility.
A new Advanced Wellbeing Research Centre on the site is set to explore sport-related issues and help create new sport-related products.
It will be home to about 50 researchers inside laboratories researching physical activity on all types of sports.
About £40 million of the project has already been funded, including £17 million for the school and £10 million from Sheffield Eagles and Sheffield Sharks.
Overall, the project is worth ‘about £50 to £55 million.'
The scheme needs to find another £10 million to build the research centre, but Mr Caborn says they are sure the investment will come - ‘we are going to get it' they said.
Mr Caborn added: “We are taking the city's heritage into a modern setting. This project has three clear objectives. We will deliver a multi-sports community stadium which can accommodate professional sports and will wash its face financially.
“Through the AWRC, we will bring academia, the medical profession and the full spread of physical activity across the city, from sedentary lifestyles to elite and professional athletes.
“In the words of Lord Coe, Sheffield will undertake world-class research and provide services that will deliver long-term, systematic change to benefit the health of the nation.
“Finally, we will deliver knowledge, intellectual property and practical development of products and services to the wealth-creating sectors of health, wellbeing and sports sectors within the Sheffield region.”
The ‘super school' will be open by September 2015, while Sheffield Eagles will begin playing at the site from March 2016, and the new technical college will open in September 2016.
Ian Anniss, Sheffield Eagles director of community, development and education, said: “When we heard that Don Valley was to close we realised that this could be a terminal blow to Sheffield Eagles as a club, but we have always had to work hard against the odds to survive, so we rolled up our sleeves, thought creatively and formed partnerships with others who have shared a common vision of securing a long term legacy in sport, health and well-being for the site.
“At first many said that it was just a pipe dream that would never happen, but we had to make it happen if Eagles were to survive and thrive in Sheffield and the game of Rugby League not be lost to this great city. We have worked with some remarkably talented and visionary people on this project and it is an outstanding testament to what can be achieved by genuine partnership working.
“The new stadium will be like no other in this country, in that it will be designed and managed to have multiple uses that reflect the needs of the broader community as well as being a top class facility for performance rugby of both codes. Unlike many sports stadia that has limited uses this one will be constantly in use - for educational and research purposes, community activities, sports development and health and well being support, as well as a venue for professional rugby - and Sheffield Eagles are proud to be part of that as a true community club.”
Andrew Cropley, executive director for strategic planning at The Sheffield College, said: “This project is set to provide an exciting legacy for young people. A second university technical college for Sheffield will enable young people to secure high quality careers and give employers the skills they need to grow in areas where there are currently shortages.”
READ MORE: Star readers mourn Don Valley stadium rubble
For more reaction and information, pick up The Star tomorrow.
Video games are a fun way to kill time. For most, it's a fun thing to do to waste time. For others, it can be an art.
Minecraft is a game that allows people to create whatever they envision. I've never played the game, but the people I know that play it, love it.
A Facebook user, Luke Willis, recently created an epic replica of Neyland Stadium complete with Locker Rooms and a light switch for the stadium lights on Minecraft with incredible detail. Check it out!
We caught up with Luke after they uploaded the Stadium to Facebook, they said that the entire project took about 18 hours.
 They are a huge Vols fan, and always wanted to build something large scale, so they figured Neyland Stadium would suffice. They may be adding some scenery, possibly some of Knoxville's bigger buildings in the background and has plans for some other replicas in the future, such as the White House, Washington Monument or Capitol Hill.
I'm sure it took a lot of patience to construct this, I give you major props, Luke!
Follow us on Twitter @DownandDistance
Down and Distance Editor-in-Chief – Justin Arbogast @NFLGuy_SK
Taxi-booking app goCatch will begin paying drivers to pick up early-morning passengers at notorious Sydney trouble spots.
In a month-long trial starting on Friday, drivers will be paid up to $20 a trip to take fares between 1am and 4am from central Sydney and Kings Cross.
GoCatch will report the results to the NSW government, which on Tuesday announced measures to crack down on drug- and alcohol-induced late-night violence in those areas.
App co-founder Andrew Campbell says many drivers avoid areas with a reputation for violence.
"They tell us that it's not worth the hassle and aggravation," they said.
"Sometimes demand outstrips supply and passengers have difficulty finding a cab.
"We have to find a way to encourage the drivers to return to the city, and hopefully this measure is one small way to do that."
They hope a successful trial will lead to a partnership with the government to introduce the incentives across NSW.
GoCatch is a free app for Android and iOS that allows users to book a taxi directly with a driver and to see the location of taxis on their phones.
Sales at Tiffany have plunged, and the luxury jeweler is blaming tourists' drop in spending.
Tiffany & Co. reported that sales at its stores open at least a year tumbled 8% in the second quarter. Sales at its American stores were down slightly more, and it pointed to lower spending by Chinese and other foreign tourists as a key reason for the decline.
The strong dollar limited the ability of foreign tourists to spend money here, since their own currencies could be exchanged for fewer dollars. But it also hurt sales at Tiffany's overseas stores, because the local currency collected in those sales was worth less.
Related: Don't shine on you crazy diamond? Jewelers slump
Sales at European stores plunged 17% in the quarter. And even in countries where sales gained, such as Japan, Tiffany's revenues declined due to the unfavorable currency exchange rate.
Shares of Tiffany (TIF) declined in premarket trading early Thursday on the report due to the worse-than-expected results.
Past hits: February 2016. Credit:Jason South
A VicRoads spokesperson said it hadn't been notified of the incident and was only alerted when an accident stopped traffic.
The gantries were installed in last May to prevent trucks from butting into the low bridge, which has been hit many 100 times.
Rubber flaps hanging from the gantries are meant to serve as a warning for trucks higher than three metres to not attempt to pass under the bridge. However, some drivers ignore the noise and continue to drive into the bridge, eventually getting stuck.
Last year, two trucks hit the bridge's roof within 10 days of each other, and the bridge became a social media hit, with a website ('How many days since the Montague Street Bridge has been hit'), an Instagram account (themontylimbo) and a Twitter handle (@MontagueStBridg).
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal judge in Brooklyn dismissed a lawsuit on Monday brought by New York state and environmental groups challenging proposed natural gas drilling in the Delaware River basin.
U.S. District Judge Nicholas Garaufis threw out the action on procedural grounds, saying there was no basis for the lawsuit since the regulations it sought to halt had not yet been finalized.
“The court concludes that this dispute is not currently fit for judicial review,” Garaufis wrote. “The harms that plaintiffs ultimately are concerned about are speculative, and rely on a chain of inferences that may never come to pass.”
New York and several environmental groups sued the U.S. government and Delaware River Basin Commission in 2011, asking for environmental studies to determine the effect of gas drilling on the basin, which supplies water to about 15 million people, including some New York City residents.
The DRBC, a federal-interstate commission that develops and governs the basin's water resources, issued draft regulations in 2010 and revised draft regulations in 2011 that would govern natural gas exploration and extraction in the basin.
The proposal would allow as many as 18,000 wells in the basin, some of which would be developed using hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, where underground gas is extracted by injecting a high-pressure stream of water and chemicals.
The rules have not yet been finalized and, except for a few test wells, gas development in the basin has been halted. But New York and the environmental groups said there should have been a comprehensive environmental study performed by the commission before the proposal was issued and that the final regulations should be blocked until one is completed.
As the amount of fracking activity has exploded across the country, states such as New York are trying to figure out how to safely expand gas drilling while protecting sensitive natural resources, including drinking water.
New York is currently working on its own environmental review to determine whether to permit fracking in the state. Some towns have taken steps to ban the practice within their borders and at least two of those bans have survived initial challenges in New York state courts.
A spokesperson for the U.S. attorney's office in Brooklyn declined to comment, as did the New York attorney general's office. The commission did not immediately return requests for comment. (Reporting by Jessica Dye; Editing by Noeleen Walder and Andre Grenon)
Wikileaks just dropped a massive collection of information detailing how the US government is attacking the devices that many of us use every single day in an effort to gain intel for its own purposes. Tactics for breaching iPhones, iPads, Android devices, PCs, routers, and even smart TVs are included in the leak, which has some serious privacy and security implications if even a fraction of it proves to be accurate.
Much the of the leak confirms what most people assume about the US government's ability to circumvent the built-in security features of computer software and mobile devices — for example, that the organization has many “zero day” exploits for computers running Windows, macOS, Linux, and more. The sheer power of the CIA's tools, according to the report, is really the story here.
The CIA has developed automated multi-platform malware attack and control systems covering Windows, Mac OS X, Solaris, Linux and more, such as EDB's ‘HIVE' and the related ‘Cutthroat' and ‘Swindle' tools.
The report also details the CIA's techniques that allow the agency to “penetrate, infest, and control both Android and iPhone software that has run presidential Twitter accounts” using zero day exploits that are not known to the security community at large.
And it's not just the typical communications devices that are on the CIA's target list, according to the leak. Even Samsung smart TVs can be used to eavesdrop on conversations without anyone in the room knowing.
The attack against Samsung smart TVs was developed in cooperation with the United Kingdom's MI5/BTSS. After infestation, Weeping Angel places the target TV in a ‘Fake-Off' mode, so that the owner falsely believes the TV is off when it is on. In ‘Fake-Off' mode the TV operates as a bug, recording conversations in the room and sending them over the Internet to a covert CIA server.
Wikileaks' report even suggests that the CIA was developing tools that could remotely control certain vehicle software and could allow the agency to cause “accidents” which would effectively be “nearly undetectable assassinations.”
The full details of the leak, which Wikileaks is calling “Vault 7” is available to peruse on the group's website.
More On Sequoia's Legal Threats Against Ed Felten: The Intimidation Worked
from the freedom-to-threaten-lawsuits dept
Yesterday we covered the threats that e-voting firm Sequoia had sent to Ed Felten and to various officials in New Jersey. Unfortunately, it appears those threats worked: the election officials have backed down and agreed not to send Felten the machine to test. News.com has more details on both the reason for the test and Sequoia's response to the whole mess. The reason? Shockingly enough, Sequoia's e-voting machines malfunctioned during the primary in a way that should scare you: it gave two different vote counts . You would think that's a pretty good reason for allowing a qualified, well-respected researcher like Felten to check out the machines. No such luck. Sequoia has tried to explain it away as a bug , but that doesn't explain why the machines shouldn't be tested by a third party.Sequoia's response to that question is disingenuous , claiming that the company "supports third party reviews and testing of its election equipment." If that's so, then why not Ed Felten? Well, because Sequoia says that the machines have already been through a "rigorous" independent review from an accredited Voting System Test Labs. Ah? Would that be one of the accredited Voting System Test Labs that was barred from further testing for not having proper controls in place and having no evidence that tests were actually conducted? Most of those tests have very limited real-world applicability -- which is what Felten is good at testing. Sequoia also lists out some independent tests in other states that the company was forced into accepting, as if it willingly took part in them. Yet, what the company doesn't explain is what it's so scared of in having Felten test its machine. If the company is confident in the machines, then where's the problem? As a last resort, Sequoia appeals to the fact that such a test would break a licensing agreement, noting that "Licensing agreements are standard practice in the technology industry." That's clearly a cop out. While it may be legally correct, it's no reason not to let a researcher try to figure out if there are any problems with its machines. This isn't some random technology here. This is the technology we're trusting with providing a free and fair election. Sequoia should be ashamed of pulling out legal threats and weak excuses.
Filed Under: e-voting, ed felten, intimidation, new jersey
Companies: sequoia
Monkees' Michael Nesmith Final Live Show 2016
Due to Monkees' crew member Mike Nesmith health problems, The band had to cancel their upcoming four live concert shows which were in New York City, Philadelphia, Huntington, N.Y., and Red Bank, N.J. The band got raves from the fans.
Mickey Dolenz from the Monkees comes up front to clear the air between the band and the fans. They say they are not aware of all the facts of the illness that has caused their bandmate, Mike Nesmith, to shut off their tour when it was almost at the end. Dolenz says in an interview for Billboard, “Truthfully, I do not know. I spoke to them when they left and they sounded a little bit under the weather, and weak. They were apologizing profusely that they had to cancel the tour to which I said, “Do not worry too much about it. We'll adjust.”
Your Guide to Cape Town Slang
Awê, get the low-down on the Mother City's colourful colloquialisms and sayings, ek sê...
Slang and colloquialisms are prolific in Cape Town; a fact that's far from surprising in a nation that claims 11 official languages and in a city that's home to an eclectic mix of cultures. That said, locals in the Mother City and in the surrounding Western Cape, more so than, arguably, other South African provinces, have their own unique way of talking smack and waxing lyrical.
Much of the credit for the area's broad spectrum of slang and colloquialisms is owed to the coloured people from the Cape Flats, a population vibrant in every way, but most famously, for the in the way in which they communicate. Though, ultimately, words, sound bytes and sayings from all of the nation's official languages inject themselves into casual conversations, potent road rage and cheesy pick-up lines.
So, if you're planning a visit to Cape Town, if you're new to the city or if you simply need to brush up on your bantering act, then look no farther; we've put together a beginner's guide to Cape Town slang and colloquialisms, complete with our version of accented pronunciation.
Ag (ah-ch): An expression of irritation or resignation. “Ag no man!” “Ag, these things happen”
Awê (ah-weh): A greeting. “Awê, brother!”
Babbelas (bah-bah-luss): Derived from the isiZulu word, ‘i-babalazi', meaning hangover; adopted into the Afrikaans language as a term for ‘hangover'. “I have a serious babbelas!”
Bakkie (bah-kee): 1. A bowl. “Put those leftovers in a bakkie.” 2. A pick-up trucks. “We all jumped on the back of my dad's bakkie and went to the beach.”
Befok (buh-fawk): 1. Really good, amazing, cool. “The Symphonic Rocks concert is going to be befok!” 2. Crazy, mad, insane. “You tried to put your cat in the braai? Are you befok?”
Bergie (bear-ghee): Derived from berg, Afrikaans for ‘mountain'. Originally used to refer to vagrants living in the forests of Table Mountain, the word is now a mainstream term used to describe vagrants in Cape Town.
Bra (brah), bru (brew): Derived from broer, Afrikaans for ‘brother'; a term of affection for male friends; equivalent to dude. “Howzit my bru!” “Jislaaik bra, it's been ages since I last saw you!”
Braai (br-eye): Barbeque (noun and verb). “Let's throw a tjop on the braai.” “We're going to braai at a friend's house.”
Duidelik (day-duh-lik): Cool, awesome, amazing. “That bra's car looks duidelik!”
Eish (ay-sh): isiZulu interjection; an exclamation meaning ‘oh my', ‘wow', ‘oh dear', ‘good heavens'. A: “Did you hear? My brother got into a fight with a bergie!” B: “Eish! Are they hurt!”
Ek sê, Eksê (Eh-k-s-eh): Afrikaans for, ‘I say'. Used either at the beginning or end of a statement. “Ek sê my bru, let's braai tomorrow.” “This party is duidelik, ek sê!”
Eina (Ay-nah): An exclamation used when pain is experienced, ‘ouch!'. “Eina! Don't pinch me.”
Entjie (eh-n-chee): A cigarette. “Come smoke an entjie with me.”
Guardjie, gaatjie (gah-chee): The guard who calls for passengers and takes in the money on a minibus taxi.
hhayi-bo (isiZulu), hayibo (isiXhosa) (haai-boh): An interjection meaning ‘hey'; ‘no way'.“Hayibo wena, you can't park there!”
Howzit (how-zit): A greeting meaning ‘hi'; shortened form of ‘how's it going?'
Is it?: Used as acknowledgement of a statement, but not to ask a question – as one might assume. Most closely related to the English word ‘really'. A: “This guy mugged me and said I must take off my takkies!” B: “Is it?”
Ja (yaah): Afrikaans for ‘yes'. A: “Do you want to go to a dance club tonight?” B: “Ja, why not?”
Ja-nee (yah-near): Afrikaans for yes-no. Meaning ‘Sure!' or ‘That's a fact!' Usually used in agreement with a statement. A: “These petrol price hikes are going to be the death of me.” B: “Ja-nee, I think I need to invest in a bicycle.”
Jol (jaw-l): (noun and verb) 1. A party or dance club. “We're going to the jol.” “That party was an absolute jol!” 2. Used to describe the act of cheating. “I heard they were jolling with another girl.”
Jislaaik (yiss-like): An expression of astonishment. “Jislaaik, did you see that car go?”
Kak (kuh-k): 1. Afrikaans for ‘shit'. Rubbish, nonsense, inferior, crap or useless. “What a kak phone.” “Your driving is kak.” 2. Extremely, very. “That girl is kak hot!”
Kwaai (kw-eye): Derived from the Afrikaans word for ‘angry', ‘vicious', ‘bad-tempered'. Cool, awesome, great. “Those shoes are kwaai.”
Lekker (leh-kah): 1. Nice, delicious. “Local is lekker!” 2. Extremely, very. “South Africans are lekker sexy!”
Mielie (mee-lee): Afrikaans term for corn, corn-on-the-cob.
Née (nee-ah): Afrikaans for ‘no'.
Naartjie (naah-chee): Afrikaans term for citrus unshiu, a seedless, easy peeling species of citrus also known as a ‘satsuma mandarin'.
Potjie, potjiekos (poi-kee-kaws): Afrikaans term for pot food/stew comprised of meat, chicken, vegetables or seafood slow-cooked over low coals in a three-legged cast iron pot.
Shame: A term of endearment and sympathy (not condescending). “Ag shame, sorry to hear about your cat.” “Oh shame! Look how cute your baby is!”
Shisa Nyama (shee-seen-yah-mah): isiZulu origin – while shisa means ‘burn' or to be hot and nyama means ‘meat', used together the term means ‘braai' or ‘barbeque'. “Come on, let's go to Mzoli's for a lekker shisa nyama!”
Sisi (see-see): Derived from both isiXhosa and isiZulu words for sister, usisi and osisi (plural). “Hayibo sisi, you must stop smoking so many entjies!”
Sosatie (soo-saah-tees): Kebabs, skewered meat. “Let's throw a few sosaties on the braai.”
Takkies (tack-kees): Trainers, sneakers, running shoes. “I want to start running, again but I need a new pair of takkies.”
Tjommie, chommie (choh-mee): Afrikaans slangs for ‘friend'. “Hey tjommie, when are we going to the beach again?”
Vrot (frawt): Rotten; most often used to describe food that's gone off or a state of being sick. “Those tomatoes are vrot.” “Champagne makes me feel vrot!”
Voetsek (foot-sek): Afrikaans for ‘get lost', much like the British expression, ‘bog off'. “Hey voetsek man!”
Wena (weh-nah): isiXhosa and isiZulu for ‘you'. “Hey wena, where's the R20 you owe me?”
Wys (vay-ss): Show, tell, describe. “Don't wys me, I know where I'm going.”
So, whether you're asking for directions, engaging with the locals or just eavesdropping in a taxi, let's hope this guide will give you some insight into what's being said. And keep in mind, if anyone says “Joe Mah Sah...” just know, it's not a compliment.
---
by Meagan Hamman
---
Also, don't forget to subscribe to our newsletter, follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook, join our Google+ circle and check out our Pinterest boards for updates.
You are the general of a fantasy army, leading the highly trained legions of the Daqan Lords or the shambling reanimates of Waiqar the Undying into combat. Here, you're far from a tiny skirmish in the woods or an unimportant border dispute. These are the titanic battles of the next great war, fought by regiments of soldiers who march and battle and die in measured ranks. You'll command blocks of infantry to wheel or hold position, order cavalry to charge the enemy flank, and send monstrous creatures smashing into the enemy vanguard. In your games of Runewars Miniatures Game, the choices to be made and the glory to be won belong to you.
Runewars Miniatures Game invites you to journey into the realm of Terrinoth and experience warfare on an epic scale, taking command of a fantasy army. Our last preview explored how you'll use command tools to order your units at the beginning of each round, predicting your opponent's movements to gain the advantage. Today, we turn our attention to the activation phase and explore how you'll maneuver your units around the battlefield!
Forward!
Movement is one of your most important concerns in any miniatures game. The game is played on a flat surface covered with terrain, rather than a board with spaces, meaning the precise positioning of your units can make the difference between victory and defeat. The most skilled commanders pay careful attention to how their units can move, and in Runewars, every unit has different options for movement.
The most common way to move your units is by revealing a command tool displaying the march action. Every march action features a small black number on the right side of the icon. This number is the speed of your maneuver, and it determines exactly which movement template you will use.
For example, the block of Reanimates shown above has revealed a march order with a speed of three. To execute this order, you'll take the “3 speed straight” movement template, align it with one of the front corners of your Reanimates unit, and then slide the unit along the template until it reaches the end. All march orders use the straight movement templates, unless you use a modifier to alter your movement.
As you can see on the dial above, there are four blue modifiers that you could pair with the Reanimates' march order—turn, wheel, charge, and turning charge. Turn and wheel both allow you to use differently curved movement templates instead of the straight template. However, leading a block of trained soldiers through these motions can be quite complex, so both of these modifiers have the side effect of reducing your speed.
For example, you may choose to execute the march order with a speed of three, and choose the wheel modifier. This modifier has a “-2” attached to it, reducing your speed to one. In this case, you'll use the “1 speed wheel” movement template, and move your unit along it as shown above.
Under normal circumstances, you don't want your unit to collide with an enemy unit while you're marching. In fact, doing so will inflict panic on your unit, which can be spent during combat to force a morale test! (We'll explore panic and morale tests in much greater detail in our next preview.) Of course, you definitely want to collide with the enemy units and engage them in melee combat—but you want to do it when your units are ready for battle. That's where the charge and turning charge modifiers come into play.
When you choose a modifier with the “charge burst” at the end of the arrow, you're sending your unit racing into combat. If you're charging, you don't receive a panic token when you collide with an enemy unit and you can perform an immediate attack for free! Since you typically have to plot an attack action on your command tool if you want to attack, the charge modifier is the only way for you to move and attack in the same activation. Of course, if your units come up short of an enemy unit, they'll be understandably dismayed at finding their target our of reach—any unit with a charge modifier that does not collide with an enemy unit at the end of its movement must take a panic token!
Finally, when a unit collides with an enemy unit, it must square up and prepare for melee combat. To square up, your unit first rotates until its front edge is parallel with the enemy unit's edge. Then, you will slide your unit sideways until it has at least one tray aligned with the enemy unit, as shown in the diagrams below.
At this point, your units are locked in melee combat, and can target each other by choosing the melee combat action on a command tool! We'll take a more detailed look at combat in our next preview.
Form Your Ranks
Though the march action is the most common way for your units to maneuver the battlefield, its not the only one. In fact, there are several more flexible ways to move your units, though they lack the raw speed and power of the march action.
The first action you may perform is a shift. Shift is identical to the march action, except that you can extend your movement template off of any corner of your unit, instead of just the front, enabling your unit to move sideways and backwards, as well as forwards. The tradeoff in most cases is that your shift action has a significantly lower speed than your march actions, and on most dials, your shift action has a different stance from your march orders, preventing you from using most of your movement modifiers.
The shift action also has the benefit of letting your unit move while engaged, perhaps sliding along the enemy unit to gain a better position or retreating from the engagement to escape an incoming attack. Retreating from melee combat inflicts a panic token on the retreating unit, but that's often better than losing more of your figures to a brutal melee attack.
The final movement-related action is the reform action. Choosing this action simply rotates your unit around its center point, but turning and repositioning your unit is critical in the midst of battle. Not only does this allow you to line up your marches and your charges to greater effect, it can even allow you to turn and face your attackers in the midst of combat, denying them any bonuses from flanking your unit.
Into the Fray
Together, these three actions—march, shift, and reform—are the tools that you will use to position your army. By selecting these actions on your command tools, you'll send your units forward, jockeying for position, charging into an engagement, and wheeling about to face new threats. Combat may be your only way to remove enemy figures, but in many cases, the way you move and position your units will determine the outcome of your battles.
Join us next time for our combat preview, and enter the battle for Terrinoth when you pre-order Runewars Miniatures Game at your local retailer today!
By Rebekkah Rubin
The gazebo at Cudell Recreation Center is four miles away from the Republican National Convention. It is also a stop on the popular augmented reality game Pokémon Go.
When Pokémon Go players reach the Cudell gazebo, the game provides additional information about the site: “Community memorial for Tamir Rice, shot and killed by CPD officers who shot them in under 2s after breaking department policy regarding escalation of force.”
But the story told in Pokémon Go isn't the same story told by Cleveland's court system.
In December 2015, a grand jury neglected to indict the police officers involved in the shooting. They voted that the shooting was justifiable.
The text in Pokémon Go suggests otherwise.
As the text in the game suggests, the community has turned the site into a memorial for Tamir Rice. The gazebo is filled with stuffed animals, crosses, and hand-painted signs. A community garden encircled with brightly-colored rocks blooms next to the gazebo.
The city of Cleveland had plans to raze the Cudell gazebo before Tamir Rice was killed there. Samaria Rice, Tamir's mother, had said they supported the city's plans for demolition and requested a memorial to their son be constructed in its place. However, in May of this year, amid a flurry of contradictory reports, the city announced that the demolition would be postponed for thirty days. Reports suggested the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture was interested in preserving the structure, while others alleged that the Smithsonian was not interested and only stepped in to support local Black Lives Matter activists who wanted to see the gazebo preserved.
The gazebo still stands. There is no plaque, nothing to tell an uninformed out-of-towner what the gazebo memorializes aside from the stuffed animals, the flowers blooming in the community-created garden, the painted wooden posts reading “We love you Tamir.”
But, for Pokémon Go users, the description of the site included in the game is their introduction.
The augmented reality game is filled with historical sites, markers, and monuments. Players flock to these sites, learning about local history as they go from text embedded in the game.
Niantic Labs, the makers of the Pokémon Go app, collected information about historical sites and monuments for their earlier augmented reality game, Ingress. Some of this information came from the Historical Marker Database, which uses crowdsourcing to record the text on historical markers erected by state historical societies and local preservation groups. The stops that aren't from the Historical Marker Database were crowdsourced by Niantic before the release of Pokémon Go.
The guidelines on Niantic's website suggested that a crowdsourced site should be “a location with a cool story, a place in history or educational value,” When a player submitted a location they were also “highly encouraged” to submit a description of what players were looking at. Not all sites have a description, but for those who did submit text, Niantic suggested including “detailed information other players might find interesting” and “why the [location] is unique, historical or significant.”
Although Niantic had a review process in place for the submissions, leading to a backlog of submitted sites, they are not forthcoming about what that process entailed.
Allowing one person to submit a description of a historically significant location allows that one person to tell their version of the story. While most public historians, museum professionals, and others working in the history field would agree that crowdsourcing history allows for a richer understanding of history, Niantic's version of history is created by single person one site at a time.
Ultimately, Pokémon Go may not have a significant effect on the way society views and understands history. But Pokémon Go players have already shaped how other players encounter history, leading them to forgotten plaques and unmarked historical sites. For Pokémon Go players, the descriptions of the sites included in the game may be the only history of that site that they encounter.
While Pokémon Go players seeking fictional creatures flock to monuments and plaques, to statues and memorials, what they're encountering in reality is a new way of recording history—a kind of history that is shaped by those who are actively choosing which story is important to them and their communities and sharing that story with the world, or at least, other Pokémon Go players.
When several Belt reporters went to the Cudell Recreation Center on Monday, July 18, as the RNC began in downtown Cleveland, there were a dozen or so people hanging out in and around the gazebo, talking and playing on the swings. Over the course of half an hour five more visitors showed up, all engrossed in their phones.
Video from Belt's interviews at the gazebo can be found here.
Rebekkah Rubin is a Belt summer intern, and public historian and M.A. candidate in history at the University of Massachusetts.  They are originally from Canton, Ohio. You can find them on Twitter @RebekkahRubin.
Volkswagen of America has released their sales figures for June, which show strong sales of the all-new Golf GTI, the Jetta SportWagen and Passat TDI. In total, Volkswagen of America delivered 28,827 units during the month of June which brings their annual total to 179,144, down 13.4% from the previous year. While sales are still down, there are some silver linings. The all-new Golf GTI moved 1,927 units, making June the best month since March of 2006. Passat TDI sales also remain strong, representing 32.1% of all Passat sales and making it the best year-to-date ever for the model.
See the Press Release below, and a full sales breakdown at the bottom of the page.
June sales total 28,827 units
Golf GTI delivered 1,927 units for the month, the best month since March 2006
Passat delivered 7,222 units for the month
Jetta sedan delivered 10,102 units for the month
Tiguan delivered 2,416 units for the month
High-mileage, TDI® Clean Diesel models accounted for 6,456 units, representing 22.4 percent of sales in June
Year-to-date TDI sales were 42,140, representing 23.5 percent of sales
Passat TDI sales were 2,316, representing 32.1 percent of sales of the vehicle marking the best year-to-date ever
Herndon, VA — Volkswagen of America, Inc. (VWoA) today reported 28,827 units delivered in June.
Last month, Volkswagen began delivering the all-new, seventh-generation 2015 Golf GTI. The all-new Golf GTI is off to a strong start boosting sales of the model to its best total sales since March 2006. The all-new 2015 Golf TSI and TDI Clean Diesel models will go on sale this August. In June, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) announced that the all-new, seventh-generation Golf and Golf GTI models, when equipped with optional forward collision warning, have earned the coveted 2014 TOP SAFETY PICK+ rating.
“Our core models, the Passat and Jetta, continue to show strong demand in the market, particularly for our TDI clean diesel powertrains, “ said Mark McNabb, chief operating officer, Volkswagen of America. “With the launch of the much-anticipated 2015 Golf GTI, as well as the upcoming introduction of the all-new 2015 Golf TSI and even more fuel efficient diesel engines, we are confident Volkswagen will be back on the shopping list for more customers.”
The Chattanooga-built Passat totaled 7,222 units delivered for the month. In June the Passat TDI, the only clean diesel in the midsize sedan segment, delivered 2,316 clean diesels or 32.1 percent of total Passat sales. This marks the best year-to-date for Passat TDI® Clean Diesel.
Total Jetta deliveries for June, including SportWagen, accounted for 12,090 units. The Tiguan and Touareg delivered 2,416 and 573 units respectively.
June 2014 Sales
While doing some preliminary interview footage for the Arcade Documentary project, I asked a bunch of teenagers what most surprised them at the MAGFest pop-up arcade, where dozens of games of all stripes were right there ready to be played. To a person, it was one thing:
The vector monitor on Asteroids.
If you see Asteroids online, the “screen” probably looks like this:
That is, it's a JPEG or PNG or whatever, with the source likely being an emulator of some sort. So everything is crisp, and rasterized, and generated as if were a screen map, that is, from the assumption that it's a raster screen. Playing the emulator itself is similar – there it is on your recently-vintaged flatscreen, perfectly sharp, definitely of the modern desktop era.
When you see it in the arcade, an original Asteroids machine screen looks kind of like this:
The vector lines, which are created by aiming a beam DIRECTLY AT YOUR EYES only to be stopped by a coated piece of glass, have a completely different feel. The phosphor glows, the shots look like small stars floating across the glass, and a raster line is not to be seen. It's an entirely different experience, and the teenagers at MAGfest had never seen it before, and unfortunately, it is well on its way out.
(It would be worth it for myself or someone else to do research into “so what is the deal with CRT and vector monitors these days”. Some other time.)
So there are several ways to go about this “problem”, assuming you recognize it as a “problem” that various types of monitors are disappearing with great speed, every year. One is to hoard old monitors. This is short-sighted and doomed. Another is to forget those monitors never existed. On the plus side, not much energy is required to do that. But these monitors are worth remembering, and it's certainly the case that the software was written with these old display devices in mind.
Enter geekery.
Originally, emulators were trying to adapt this old software to be useful or at least pretty to modern systems – so the efforts were around scaling and smoothing. I can't find the at-arms'-reach citation for when this started, but it's at least a decade old. You could choose to smooth, upscale and anti-alias the graphics for your now-kickass setup, historically wrecking the item, but making it a lot easier to look at. (If you want an earlier situation that's the same, there's the adventure of DOOM and OpenGL.)
But meanwhile, CRTs started falling out of favor in a big way, and slightly rounded glass screens and beige enclosures began falling in front of Plasma and LCD.
Ian Bogost used slave student labor and created a Television Simulator to work out some themes in the excellent Racing the Beam book about the Atari 2600's programming and context. It really opens your eyes to see the difference between the “original” emulated image and the “CRT simulated” graphics:
Suddenly, it's pretty clear how the perfection of emulation takes away a lot of the analog fog that made digital compelling in a certain way.
Now, not unexpectedly, people were not happy with this implementation, since it wasn't perfect and it wasn't flexible. So work continued.
Some time ago, I was shown this image in relation to efforts with simulating a CRT monitor:
We're getting into the Twilight Zone of Maybe You Don't See All This Shit Going On, and that's entirely fine. For some folks, the binary situation of “I can see it / I can not see it” is quite enough – that things are emulated at all is the end of the story. But still, it is quite amazing to me to see such subtle aspects as the curve of the monitor, the glow of pixels against glass, and the bleeding of voltages and scan lines all being emulated in software (sometimes with graphics hardware doing some of the lifting). In fact, working this hard to make these graphics look slightly ‘bad' is a ton of work.
There's a bunch of advancement being done with this outlook, using the MAME and MESS emulators. The direct name for this particular project is HLSLMAME. There's a thread of discussion here about it. (There's another thread over here as well.)
The images of the screenshots have a haunting quality to them, old but not old. Perfect but imperfect. I really love looking at them.
For an extra bonus, I was sent a few videos of this software CRT emulation in action.
I've uploaded them to the Internet Archive, where you can check them out. While you can play them on the Internet Archive's player, I would not recommend this – all the subtle changes to the video signal are just not as obvious through the compression. Pull down these tens-of-megabytes files and see the changes in the video look through the settings.
When you look at the example configuration files, you realize how much of a tweaker's paradise this is:
hlsl_enable 1 hlslini %g hlsl_prescale_x 4 hlsl_prescale_y 4 hlsl_preset -1 hlsl_write hlsl_snap_width 2560 hlsl_snap_height 2048 shadow_mask_alpha 0.00 shadow_mask_texture aperture.png shadow_mask_x_count 320 shadow_mask_y_count 256 shadow_mask_usize 0.187500 shadow_mask_vsize 0.09375 curvature 0.02 pincushion 0.02 scanline_alpha 0.450000 scanline_size 1.25 scanline_height 0.750000 scanline_bright_scale 1.000000 scanline_bright_offset 0.750000 scanline_jitter 0.25 defocus 1.0,1.0 converge_x 0.0,0.0,0.0
...
….and so on. SO MUCH TWEAKING AND KNOBS. But it's from this we can get some amazingly refined experiences and ideas.
This HLSLMAME thing is currently Windows only, and it's a little involved to get running, but the point remains the same: this is valuable work, affecting perceptions of the software after its true mechanical components are gone off the earth.
There are plenty of other aspects awaiting this effort, too: the sounds, the ambience, the buzzing of speakers and the hum of deflection coils. There's been attempts to make controllers that act like the originals, and there's always been some leaning towards getting the speed just exactly right, which is harder than it seems.
In all this, it's the not wanting to lose something than many don't even notice is lost that's the critical move. It's sometimes a bit too OCD and always a little annoying if it's not that important to you, but realizing what, exactly, has changed for software makes bringing it back that much more likely. It's a respect for the past beyond the idea of it. It's messy and weird and geeky but that's just the way I like it.
Here's to terrible monitors!
thanks to DFJustin for their assistance
the lion's share of programming of HLSLMAME is by Ryan Holtz / MooglyGuy
Share this: Share
Email
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Categorised as: computer history
Comments are disabled on this post
Imagine surviving two deployments in Iraq, constantly dodging bombs and enemy gunfire, only to realize that the air you were once thankful to be able to breathe was making you sick. This is what happened to Sergeant Major Rob Bowman, who passed away from cholangiocarcinoma, a rare form of bile duct cancer, at the age of 44.
Unfortunately, as many military families know all too well, Sergeant Major Bowman's situation is not unique. “Of the 30 men in Rob's platoon who returned home, nearly one-third of them developed uncommon cancers and medical conditions,” said Coleen Bowman, Rob's surviving spouse, “and the first doctor we saw confirmed immediately that the cause of Rob's cancer was environmental, not genetic.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The environmental exposure Bowman referenced — known as toxic exposures in the military — is of increased interest to lawmakers, advocates, and medical professionals as a result of the frequency with which it is occurring in post-9/11 veterans. However, given the notoriously slow pace of legislative oversight and government-funded medical studies, advocacy groups are now playing an important role in finding answers for military families.
History of Military Toxins
Although most people are familiar with the term Agent Orange, problems that stem from toxic exposures while serving in the military are nearly as old as civilization itself. Arrows with poisoned tips were used on the battlefield as early as 1500 B.C. And in 1776, a Tory sympathizer tried to add an unknown poison to George Washington's food at a New York City tavern.
However, military toxicology, i.e., the study of substances that cause harmful effects in those who serve, became exponentially more harmful during the 20th century. And, unfortunately, we, as a nation, still have not figured out how to take care of those who have come into contact with such toxic exposures during their military service.
“We need the VA and the DoD to acknowledge that this is how these soldiers are dying,” Bowman stated, “we need better screenings, both before and after deployments. Rob's complaints were initially blown off by their doctors. We've made progress, but we still have a long way to go.”
Current legislative efforts
This year's National Defense Authorization Act, which has been agreed to by both the House and the Senate, contains two important provisions regarding veterans who've been subject to toxic exposures in the military. Unfortunately, these provisions, which pertain to the declassification of certain Department of Defense documents related to toxic exposures, and requiring the VA to “coordinate efforts” to better understand toxic exposures, do not go far enough toward remedying this problem.
Section 738, the section that pertains to the VA, is the epitome of many Americans' frustrations with Washington; it uses vague language that allows members to feel as if they are addressing the issue, but the language fails to require any specific action that would translate to tangible efforts to veterans and their survivors.
By contrast, S. 319, introduced by Senator Amy Klobuchar Amy Jean KlobucharMore than 60 former staffers defend Klobuchar as ‘a mentor and a friend' Warren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if they ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' MORE (D-Minn.), would have required VA to establish a center of excellence to focus on “the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures in Afghanistan or Iraq.”
Although it is not unusual for legislative language to be toned-down during the conference process in efforts to come to agreement on certain provisions, there is no legislative definition of how, exactly, to “coordinate efforts,” leaving a large amount of deference to an agency that has epically failed in its previous efforts to understand and treat veterans with toxic exposure-related conditions.
To this end, although legislation in 2013 required VA to create an Airborne Hazards registry, to date, VA has claimed that data gathered from the registry is “inconclusive” and, as a result, does not service-connect veterans for unusual medical conditions that are more than likely caused by toxic exposures.
As noted by the Institute of Medicine, such registries “rely on voluntary participation and self-reported data . . . mak[ing] them an intrinsically poor source of information on exposures, health outcomes, and possible associations among these events.”
Advocates take matters into their own hands
Fortunately, several veterans service organizations are taking matters into their own hands. The Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors (TAPS), in conjunction with the Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA), were recently awarded a grant by the Wounded Warrior Project (WWP) aimed at increasing the understanding of the impact of toxic exposures in the military, and to assist surviving family members whose loved ones died after experiencing symptoms of that exposure.
Although there have been other initiatives in the past, the collaboration between TAPS, VVA and WWP is unique in that it unites generations of veterans, rather than isolating specific groups of veterans depending on the conflict in which they served. Specifically, the new initiative will draw on the past experience of Vietnam-era veterans, and what they learned fighting for recognition of Agent Orange benefits; work with the current generation of post-9/11 veterans, to ensure greater understanding, access to treatment and benefits than the previous generation had; and, most importantly, look forward to preventing uncertainties surrounding toxic exposures for future generations of veterans.
“In recent years, TAPS has seen an increase in the number of families seeking support after a loved one died from an illness, such as cancer," said Walter Sweeney, Casework Advocate at TAPS. "It can take years for symptoms to appear, so sometimes it's difficult for people to recognize the link between service, which may include exposure to environmental toxins, and the death. The primary focus of TAPS efforts will be to ensure the families of service members, including both veterans and those still serving, who have died as a result of these types of illnesses are recognized, cared for and are able to receive all benefits they are entitled.”
Surviving spouses like Bowman are excited about the undertaking. Congress should be too, because advocacy efforts like this will help to better inform future legislative efforts, and save lives.
Rory E. Riley-Topping has dedicated their career to ensuring accountability within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to care for our nation's veterans.  They are the principal at Riley-Topping Consulting and has served in a legal capacity for the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Veterans' Affairs, the National Veterans Legal Services Program, the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, and the Department of Veterans Affairs You can find them on Twitter @RileyTopping.
The big question with any Insurgency – who's it for? For ‘the people', that nebulous concept underlying the promises of kings and tyrants? Against the foreign devil? Or is Insurgency for folk who find Counter-Strike too arcadey, ArmA too serious, and want something that's a bit like Red Orchestra but is not Red Orchestra?
Eternal questions like this are addressed below.
Forgive the histrionics, but when a game's called Insurgency in this day and age it inspires all sorts of thoughts – the first being we may we due a smarter kind of ‘shoot the man' FPS than usual. Insurgency is not this. Instead it's a narrative-free team-based military shooter, one that tiptoes a tightrope between Serious Guns Yo and wave-based spawning.
At times it wobbles, but Insurgency's disparate ideas just about stay upright thanks to the quality of its gun mechanics. Now I'm not the kind of dude who masturbates over pictures of disassembled AK-47s, but I do enjoy the feel of a good virtual weapon, and everything about Insurgency's hardware is high-on perfect in terms of feel.
Bringing up a gun's sights is a slow business. Hip-firing at any distance over ten centimetres is a big no-no. Reloading almost anything gives you time to make a cup of tea. And when you click to pull the trigger, those bullets instantly down any target you hit. So many games feel like you're toting around a fantasy cannon that fires fruit pastilles. Insurgency's guns feel like weapons.
The flipside of this is that, if you're anything like me, you're going to spend an awful lot of time either dying or crawling around on all fours before seeing an enemy and then dying. Insurgency makes you jump constantly, because death is nearly always so swift and unexpected. But one of the cool things about Insurgency is that it melds these mechanics with much more ‘gamey' context and modes than you'd expect.
The Counter-Strike comparison, for example, was never far from my mind while playing because you're constantly accumulating Supply, the currency used to purchase weapon upgrades and assorted other kit between spawns. Unlike Counter-Strike you retain what you've bought over deaths, meaning that even an average player cough can soon enough be toting some pretty impressive hardware.
Alongside a standard deathmatch mode, Insurgency offers several variants on King of the Hill – including one called Occupy with a central point that, once captured, grants your team extra reinforcement waves. To be honest these modes, while obviously an essential part of the package, didn't inspire me. Insurgency's the kind of game where, when you let people camp, they're going to camp at Max Efficiency, and this kind of fixed-point modes were perfect for it.
Insurgency finds its own identity in the Push and V.I.P Escort modes. The former has one team capturing three objectives one after the other and, while it might sound like another King of the Hill mode, these changing focal points pull your team together for concentrated attacks and ambushes. The icing on the cake here is that as you push and capture a point, your team gains more reinforcement waves – so a brilliant defence can lead to a very short game, or two evenly-matched teams will drag a match out to epic lengths.
Now Push mode is fairly awesome for the most part, but there is a qualifier. Most games I'd be enjoying the firefights and positional play enormously, then would die once and thereafter respawn and get sniped by people I never saw. Insurgency is just that type of game – of course there are players who make it their business to camp out spawning positions, and of course they're going to try and do it in every match. In some games my team was good enough to hunt down these individuals quickly, and in others we were headless chickens. Put it this way: if you're playing on a team with voicechat this won't be a big issue, but if you're soloing with randoms then it often is.
V.I.P Escort doesn't have this problem, and it's where I had easily the best time with Insurgency. The idea's simple: one team has a VIP that they have to escort to either of two extraction zones. All sorts of things happen: your team might move fast as one group, big enough to punch through a thinly-spread defence and reach safety before there's any further response. The mass of the team might go off in one direction, pulling the enemy towards them, while the VIP sneaks round another way with a small escort.
But most of the time everything just goes to hell, and the VIP tries to pick a way through it. There's a wider point about Insurgency here: it's a game that's easily at its best when the objectives are shifting, and players have to negotiate the environment and fight at the same time. In the modes that let people sit around the overwhelming majority of players seem to – big surprise – just sit around with their iron sights up waiting for the next victim.
It's worth mentioning that Insurgency also has co-op ambitions but – at this stage – things aren't quite coming together. This may have just been bad luck, but I tried to play co-op missions with different buddies on two occasions, and both times the enemy AI wasn't working. Well, I guess it worked if the aim is for insurgents to run towards you while not firing their guns.
So there are elements of Insurgency that are very much wait and see. But what matters at the moment is, despite a low number of active players, the fundamental gunplay feels really satisfying – there's a thunk of finality to pulling the trigger every time, a sense that you can kill or be killed in any instant.
The question is whether the developers can build a structure around this that's good enough to tempt you away from the obvious alternatives. Let's get serious: going head-to-head with Counter-Strike, or even Red Orchestra, is going to be a losing battle. It's in modes like Push and V.I.P Escort, which give direction to its team-based gunplay and create a flow even among strangers, that Insurgency might find a cause worth fighting for.
Insurgency is out now.
Alexander Bruce delights in watching people play Hazard. I asked them how to solve a puzzle, and they declined to comment, merely taking note of my failed attempts to pass a tricky section. When another writer played after me, I understood Bruce's reaction: watching how people interact with the game and how they learn to play it is part of the fun. This is a game that changes every mechanic you've become comfortable with during your time in gaming, and it forces you to learn a new way to think.
"Space in the game doesn't really work the same as normal space," Bruce tells me the first time I miss a jump. You have to walk across the chasm, and at one point you actually have to fall in order to pass through a section. A hallway appears endless and begs you to choose two paths, each with a different color. I second-guess myself, wondering what the colors mean. One passage goes up, the other down. Does red mean danger? Or does Bruce think that I'll think that? The correct answer to the puzzle is to walk backwards.
"I couldn't compete with big-budget games, so I had to create something that was out there, that people haven't seen before, and I can do that really well," they explain. The game uses non-Euclidean spaces, so the laws of physics don't apply in any way.
"All the psychological stuff is what's interesting to play. Since it's so different there is a joy in exploring. Like kids climbing a tree, just to see what's up there."
Bruce talks about coming to America, and how it was very much the same as Australia, whereas traveling to Japan was like visiting another world. They marveled at how alien even a grocery store looked to him.
That concept comes to life in Hazard. The mechanics you use to solve each puzzle are slowly taught to the player, and there's no real way to die. In fact, the game uses a sort of Metroidvania structure, where new ways of playing unlock new areas to explore. Bruce tells me that there is, in fact, an ending, but no "right" way to get there. You simply explore, think, react, and adapt. New ideas come at you so fast, and your mind is played with in so many ways, that you'll begin to realize just how standard most first-person titles have become over the years.
Bruce says that he's speaking to Sony about a PlayStation Network version of the game, but they seem uninterested in the commercial aspects of what he's created. What they delight in is watching new players explore the world they have created. Despite my first impressions, it's a warm, welcoming world that wants you to come in, take a look around, and explore.
The game is three to six months away from launch, and Bruce admits it's nearly impossible to market. "The game is what it is, people find it really interesting and fun, and my main strategy is competitions."
He's made best-of-E3 lists, and he's placed in or won a number of indie competitions. But what they care about most is the game world itself. "I'm still figuring it out and... why are you running backwards so far? You've just found a new area and now you went back ages!" they say. They scrunch up their eyebrows, and I explain what my thoughts were, and why I was walking backwards. Their face opens up again.
"That makes sense!" they tell me. "I have to try to account for everyone playing it differently when I design these paths." I can tell he's making a mental note to adjust that section again.
The medical benefits of drinking red wine have long been associated with a healthy heart, but, in light of a recent study's findings, the delicious alcoholic beverage could also fight off the blues of depression.
The cardioprotective influence of wine is derived from a number of key chemical components found within grapes, which serve an antioxidant role. Catechin, epicatechin, proanthocyanidins (found within grape seeds) and resveratrol (found within grape skins) are all thought to provide an antioxidant function, whilst some of the alcoholic constituents are also considered to be of some benefit.
However, a scientific study performed by a group of Spanish researchers indicates that a moderate intake of wine could also offer some form of protection against mental health problems and depression.
Dr. Miguel Martinez-Gonzalez, who chairs the Department of Preventative Medicine and Public Health at the University of Navarra, had this to say about the benefits of alcohol:
“One drink a day, preferentially wine, may help prevent depression… Depression and heart disease seem to share some common mechanisms because they share many similar protective factors and risk factors.”
However, Martinez-Gonzalez offers words of extreme caution over the matter, stating that alcohol consumption is not a recommended strategy for treating mental disorders or depression. For those individuals already drinking alcohol, they suggest substituting other alcoholic beverages for wine to enjoy the health benefits that the grape-based drink can impart.
The study followed over 5,500 wine drinkers, who were categorized as either being “light” or “moderate” drinkers, analyzing their mental health and physical well-being, with the aid of interviews and questionnaires. The participants, who were aged between 50 and 80, were followed over the course of seven years. Before the study's initiation, none of the subjects had demonstrated any history of depression or alcohol-related issues.
Ultimately, even when taking into consideration the influence of additional factors (e.g. smoking, diet, marriage), there was a strong correlation between depression and consumption of wine. Specifically, those individuals who had a weekly intake of between two and seven beverages were less likely to suffer from depression, relative to non-drinkers.
As yet, a mechanism explaining wine's capacity to fight off depression has not yet been established. However, Martinez-Gonzalez speculates that drinking red wine, containing some of the compounds within the grapes, could impede inflammatory processes associated with mental illness and those depression blues.
Looking at some of the broader effects of this alcoholic drink, wine consumers experience an increase in high density lipoproteins (HDLs), which provides cardiovascular protection; this defense is bolstered by a concomitant elevation in the destruction of harmful low density lipoproteins (LDLs). A recent study into the influence of resveratrol implicated the compound in its ability to reduce chronic inflammation, improve platelet function and prevent clogging of the arteries.
Overall, wine can reduce illness and death caused by cardiovascular disease, as well as lung and prostate cancers. Some of the components of wine have also been implicated in protecting against Alzheimer's disease, diabetes, as well as certain infectious pathogens (links to these studies and reviews are included, below).
Of course, it must be stressed, hitting the correct balance is essential. The study indicates a single glass of red wine could help alleviate the symptoms of depression. The effects of intense and persistent alcohol consumption are already well documented, including cirrhosis, neurological damage, reproductive issues, pancreatitis and an increased risk of developing various forms of cancer.
In addition, a number of scientific experts remain unconvinced by the evidence presented from the report. According to Fox News, Susan Ramsey, a psychiatry professor working at Brown University, suggested these data conflict with that of several other studies.
For example, a recent study performed by Boden and Fergusson, of the Christchurch School of Medicine and Health Sciences, suggests a relationship between increased alcohol consumption and depression. Based upon their epidemiological studies, the pair suggest neuropsychological and metabolic changes to potentially result from alcohol exposure.
Ramsey goes on to question the means by which depression was gauged, as well as the highly selective nature of the study's population sample, none of whom suffered from depression or alcohol problems and were all over the age of 50. Ramsey draws similar conclusions to Martinez-Gonzalez:
“At this point, it would be premature to make any recommendations regarding alcohol or wine consumption as a means of preventing the onset of depression.”
So, if you were already reaching for that bottle of wine, in the hope of warding off the blues of depression, you might want to reconsider. However, the general consensus still remains, drinking red wine can offer at least some health gains and, if you already imbibe in alcohol, it certainly seems like the best option.
By: James Fenner
Source 1
Source 2
Source 3
Source 4
Source 5
Source 6
UK Prosecutors Finally Acknowledge The Need For A Real Discussion About Free Speech Online
from the he-said-what??? dept
As Tim Cushing rightly noted earlier this week, the UK's "Free Speech" laws are more about the many things you can't say. As if to back up that view, in the last few days, there's been yet another case of somebody being arrested there for "an offensive Facebook page."
At this point, you might have written off the UK and its laws as a hopeless case, and made a mental note not to say anything rude if you ever go there. If so, you would probably assume that a new statement about social media prosecutions in a post from the UK's Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP), on the official blog of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), is just more of the same. Amazingly, it's not.
It relates to yet another, earlier, case where "a homophobic message" was posted to Twitter. Surprisingly, perhaps, given the UK's track record here, the authorities decided not to prosecute the person involved. The new blog post explains this decision, offering a series of eminently sensible reasons why it would have been inappropriate in the circumstances: This was, in essence, a one-off offensive Twitter message, intended for family and friends, which made its way into the public domain. It was not intended to reach Mr Daley or Mr Waterfield [the subjects of the message], it was not part of a campaign, it was not intended to incite others and Mr Thomas [the sender] removed it reasonably swiftly and has expressed remorse. Not content with this unexpected outbreak of good sense, the UK's DPP goes on to make some general observations that are equally notable: This case is one of a growing number involving the use of social media that the CPS has had to consider. There are likely to be many more. The recent increase in the use of social media has been profound. It is estimated that on Twitter alone there are 340 million messages sent daily. And the context in which this interactive social media dialogue takes place is quite different to the context in which other communications take place. Access to social media is ubiquitous and instantaneous. Banter, jokes and offensive comment are commonplace and often spontaneous. Communications intended for a few may reach millions. Well, indeed. And thus: To ensure that CPS decision-making in these difficult cases is clear and consistent, I intend to issue guidelines on social media cases for prosecutors. These will assist them in deciding whether criminal charges should be brought in the cases that arise for their consideration. In the first instance, the CPS will draft interim guidelines. There will then be a wide public consultation before final guidelines are published. As part of that process, I intend to hold a series of roundtable meetings with campaigners, media lawyers, academics, social media experts and law enforcement bodies to ensure that the guidelines are as fully informed as possible. They conclude with words that echo what many people in the UK have been thinking for last few years: In my view, the time has come for an informed debate about the boundaries of free speech in an age of social media. Pity it hasn't happened sooner, but better late then never....
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and on Google+
Filed Under: free speech, social media, uk
(CNN) Scores of migrants broke through a barbed-wire security fence on the Greece-Macedonia border Monday, as tensions over new restrictions along the key land route into Europe boiled over in violent scenes.
And more than 2,400 kilometers (1,500 miles) away in Calais, in northwest France, clashes erupted as authorities moved to dismantle structures at the "Jungle," an infamous migrant camp marked for partial demolition.
Crowds at a border camp near the Greek village of Idomeni on the Macedonian border, a main transit point for refugees traveling to western Europe, used a large pole to ram through the border gate, while authorities deployed tear gas and rubber bullets in an attempt to keep the chanting crowd at bay.
Migrants ram the border fence between Greece and Macedonia at a camp near the village of Greek village of Idomeni.
TV footage showed the migrants running across the border as the gate was forced open.
Dejana Nedeljkovic, chief public relations adviser at the Macedonian Interior Ministry, told CNN that there was an incident at the border where thousands of refugees had tried to enter Macedonia by force and had been stopped. The border had subsequently been closed again.
Antonis Rigas, a field coordinator for Doctors Without Borders in Idomeni, said 23 people suffered light injuries as a result of the clashes, including 10 children. Fifteen suffered from respiratory issues from the tear gas, seven cut themselves on the barbed wire and one person was grazed by a rubber bullet.
They said there was a sense of desperation building at Idomeni as the migrant flow across the border had been reduced, then stopped completely since Sunday evening. More than 7,000 refugees were at the camp in Idomeni, a facility that only has room for 3,000.
A video posted by ahmadinejad (@ahmadinejad.1) on Feb 29, 2016 at 3:43am PST
Dangerous backlog in Greece
The flashpoint comes just days after a meeting in Vienna last week at which ministers from countries along the main Balkan migration through Europe -- Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Serbia and Macedonia -- agreed to tighten border controls to slow arrivals to a trickle.
Critics warned the move -- which flies in the face of calls for a united European approach to the migrant crisis, with all countries sharing the burden -- would create a dangerous bottleneck in Greece, as the flow of migrants there from Turkey continued unabated.
About three times as many migrants have arrived so far this year in Greece, the main gateway to Europe, as had by this point last year, and numbers are only expected to increase as the weather improves.
Dimitris Avramopoulos, the European Union's commissioner of migration, home affairs and citizenship, told reporters on Thursday that the EU had until a forthcoming summit with Turkey on March 7 to curb migrant numbers or "the whole system will completely break down."
Limiting the flow
Austria has imposed a daily limit of 3,200 new arrivals and says it will accept no more than 80 asylum claims per day, while other countries along the route have capped new arrivals, or refused to permit entry to people from countries other than Syria or Iraq.
JUST WATCHED France opens new Calais 'Jungle' camp for refugees Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH France opens new Calais 'Jungle' camp for refugees 01:40
Nedeljkovic said that only 310 people, exclusively Syrians and Iraqis with photo IDs, had been allowed into Macedonia on Saturday, and 92 on Sunday.
They told CNN that Macedonia could only allow in refugees whom Balkan countries were able to accommodate and whom destination countries such as Germany or Austria could accept.
The new restrictions along the Balkan land route were criticized last week by U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, who warned the measures were exacerbating "chaos and misery all down the line."
France: Clashes as the 'Jungle' clearances begin
dismantling structures in the southern part of Elsewhere, clashes broke out Monday as French authorities begandismantling structures in the southern partof the "Jungle," the sprawling camp near the northwestern port of Calais that houses thousands of migrants seeking to enter the UK illegally.
Tents were set on fire and projectiles thrown at police at the site, resulting in arrests and prompting authorities to use tear gas, Steve Barbet, spokesperson for the Calais prefect, told CNN.
Four people were arrested, one migrant and three members of a pro-migrant activist group, they said.
A police officer throws a tear gas canister during the dismantling of half of the "Jungle" migrant camp.
Calais authorities plan to demolish the southern half of the camp in response to the unsanitary conditions at the site. They say thousands will be moved into purpose-built shipping containers, equipped with heaters and electricity, in the northern part of the camp, and others housed elsewhere.
Steve Barbet, spokesperson for Calais, told CNN the dismantling of the site began Monday morning, with about 30 shacks and tents taken down by midday.
They said there were 100 police at the camp, who were there for the protection of social workers and members of the charity associations supporting migrants. They said members of a pro-migrant activist group had committed assaults and prevented 14 migrants from leaving the camp on Friday.
JUST WATCHED Inside the migrant 'Jungle' of Calais Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Inside the migrant 'Jungle' of Calais 02:48
Social workers were informing the refugees of their shelter options outside of the "Jungle," and helping them leave.
The evacuation was expected to take a few weeks, Barbet said.
Fabienne Buccio, prefect of the Pas-de-Calais region, told reporters last week that the camp would be dismantled peacefully , without the use of force, in cooperation with charity associations which would encourage migrants to move voluntarily to the better-equipped facilities.
The work was delayed until a legal appeal against the plan by migrant charities was rejected by a French court on Thursday.
Tattoo artist Muhammad al Najab is also known as Dante, a nickname they picked up from American soldiers when they worked as a translator during the American occupation. (Max Becherer/Polaris Images For The Washington Post)
— To get to Dante's lair, you have to walk down an alley, up the stairs and along a corridor of a dilapidated shopping center in Baghdad's central Karrada district.
Inside a dimly lit room there on a recent, sweltering night, I found a group of tough-looking young men and teenagers gathered around a comrade who was struggling to remain stoic despite the pain.
Dante, 24, our protagonist, was hard at work, drilling a tattoo of the Shiite saint Ali into the young man's arm.
Photographer Max Becherer and I had come to meet Dante — with the help of our young driver, Osama — to see a different side of Iraq than its grinding political violence.
Of course, almost no place in Iraq is immune from the horrendous suffering that has plagued the nation for decades — first under the brutal rule of Saddam Hussein, then with the violence that exploded after the U.S. invasion in 2003.
Mustafa al Jobory, 23, checks out the tattoo of a mustache they just received on their finger in Dante's tattoo parlor in Baghdad. Many of Dante's tattoo designs are come from the ones they applied to American soldiers. (Max Becherer/Polaris Images For The Washington Post)
Every family has witnessed destruction. Every household has a tale of heartbreak.
But Dante's shadowy tattoo parlor contained an unusual mix of men and teens, Sunnis and Shiites, militants and civilians, who were brought together by their unusual hobbies: grunge, rap music and ink — lots of it.
Mohamed al-Najab — Dante's real name — opened their first Baghdad tattoo parlor in 2008.
For two years, Dante had worked as a translator for U.S. troops based at Baghdad airport. They nicknamed them Dante, for the main character in a dark animated film, “Dante's Inferno.”And the name stuck.
An American soldier who had a tattoo parlor in Los Angeles taught Dante the craft of inking figures on people's bodies. Before that, they were just a kid who liked to draw.
Dante said they left the military job after a firefight that left their back and arm riddled with bullet wounds.
In the shop, they don't like to talk about those days, or the gun battle.
Tattoos, virtually unheard of in Iraq except as facial dots used in tribal expression, have become more common as Iraq's youth, who grew up exposed to American forces and western popular culture, use their personal freedom to express themselves. (Max Becherer/Polaris Images For The Washington Post)
When I asked who shot him, Dante pulled me outside. “The Mahdi Army,” they whispered, pronouncing the name of a prominent Shiite militia, which killed hundreds of U.S. troops and Sunnis during the Iraq war.
Dante's space plunges into total darkness when the power cuts out every 30 minutes. It was crowded with young people whose tattoos reflected a mix of Western pop clichés and the religious and political symbols of Iraq.
Barek Basil, a 21-year-old Iraqi Kurd, had devoted a full arm to their passion for music: tattoos of a microphone, a skull wearing headphones, musical notes and a guitar.
Even the English term “MP3” was there, along with their rap name: “Hell Mix aka Millionaire.” Their Arabic-language songs — mostly about love — are available on YouTube.
Beside him, another man had a tattoo of a Shiite saint, Hussein, who was killed in the 7th century by a rival Muslim army, in a battle that became a defining moment for the Sunni-Shiite divide. The words “Revenge for Hussein” arched above the picture on their shoulder.
Then there was Omar, Basil's 18-year-old friend, who had their explicitly Sunni name tattooed across their knuckles and on their upper arm.
Omar was an adolescent during the years that death squads executed civilians simply for having names like Omar or keeping pictures of Shiite saints on their cell phones.
In the shadowy gloom of the shop, the symbols of Iraq's sectarian divide were out in the open for all to see.
And yet, in a country where religious affiliation was linked to so many deaths, they kept their political views — or animosities — quiet that night.
The scene underscored a fact that Iraqis feel the foreign press often misses: that Iraq is still a religiously and ethnically diverse country, full of mixed families and neighborhoods. Despite years of conflict, plenty of Iraqis still feel united by family, nationhood or simply a shared interest such as tattoos.
“We're not that interested in politics,” declared an older man in the group, who friends later identified as a member of an Iranian-funded Shiite militia known as the Hezbollah Brigades.
The nation's sectarian rhetoric has amplified in recent weeks.. The Sunni extremist Islamic State conquered a vast section of Iraqi territory and executed hundreds of Shiites. Shiite militias hustled to the front lines to fight back.
Asked about the Islamic State, the group grew quiet. A few mumbled that things seemed to be going badly for Iraq.
The men and boys shuffled uncomfortably.
Then Dante pointed to Thahed Amar, a lanky 17-year-old with an arm full of animals and wings, a skull and a symbol for the British boy band One Direction.
“His dad is a major general in the army,” Dante said. “They'll kill them when they go home today” for talking about politics.
The guys all laughed. They went outside and smoked cigarettes.
And then they went back into the shop to huddle around Dante's newest customer: a man who wanted a tattoo removed. It was a cheesy poem about their mother.
HACKTIVIST GROUP Anonymous has said it will respond if the controversial Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) is passed into law in the US.
The group has posted a statement in which it reiterated its attitude towards SOPA and its plans to create an internet police state.
"The goal of the so-called 'Stop Online Piracy Act' SOPA is to empower litigious U.S. corporations to police the internet, with the ability to act as judge, jury and executioner," it says.
"SOPA tramples civil rights laws, fair use, freedom of press and freedom of speech. Under SOPA an average person could be arrested, fined, sued and spend time in a federal prison for so little as uploading a video to YouTube or even linking to one. This law further proves the reality of corporate rule and totalitarianism."
The vote on SOPA has been delayed due to opposition, according to the post, and is not likely to happen until next year. However, the hacktivists suggest that it will be delayed only as long as it takes for the media to lose interest.
"In a democracy this should be enough to defeat the bill, however, in the U.S. it only means that the vote will get delayed until the media loses interest and the backing corporate lobbyists have enough time to 'influence' [read: bribe] the vote to their favour," they warn.
"However, it has been clandestinely moved forward in an attempt to fast track the law under the radar of a culture drunk on materialistic obsession - as such The House Judiciary Committee is reconvening on the 21st of December. In short, we were lied to."
The hacktivist group said that it would react to this, and react strongly. "Our reaction will not be little," it warns.
Anonymous wants to spread awareness and increase opposition to SOPA while it is still up for debate, and called on fellow Anons are asked to carry out points of action, the first being to hack into and replace the front page of "every website we can" with a protest page.
"Encourage friends, businesses, organizations, social media to take a stand along side us in the same way," it says. "Use/distribute the OpBlackOut material we've provided for this purpose, or make your own (but please try to be concise and indict SOPA specifically so the message is clear, unanimous and omnipresent). Get this image and message everywhere online. Plant the seeds of dissent where ever they can grow."
As well as acting online, Anonymous said that supporters should physically protest through stickering and tagging billboards, signs and advertising.
"Get people talking. Put the truth not only where it can be seen, but where it cannot be avoided," it adds. "This is something everyone can do. We are legion, this is our voice, people are listening, we will be heard." µ
By Alex Stevenson
A former head of Britain's military and two senior generals have called for Britain to abandon its nuclear deterrent.
In a letter to the Times newspaper Field Marshal Lord Bramall, alongside General Lord Ramsbotham and General Sir Hugh Beach, argued it will be difficult for the UK to "exert any leadership and influence" on nuclear non-proliferation given its continued commitment to a deterrent.
They dismissed the independent deterrent argument as a "fallacy" because of Britain's reliance on the US for the provision and servicing of the ballistic missiles used for delivery.
And they argued a "nuclear blackmail" situation would not be resolved with the threat of a retaliatory strike.
"Nuclear weapons have shown themselves to be completely useless as a deterrent to the threats and scale of violence we currently, or are likely to face - particularly international terrorism; and the more you analyse them the more unusable they appear."
MPs voted to back the Trident decision in March 2007 after lengthy debate in the Commons.
The government would have been defeated without Conservative support and the issue remains a divisive one.
In their letter the senior military figures added that "economic clout" now matters more than the seat at the top table.
"Our independent deterrent has become virtually irrelevant except in the context of domestic politics," they added.
"Rather than perpetuating Trident, the case is much stronger for funding our Armed Forces with what they need to meet the commitments actually laid before them.
"In the present economic climate it may well prove impossible to afford both."
The government seeks to encourage a 'virtuous cycle' where nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament lead to one another.
It says there is a risk without full disarmament the nuclear weapons states are failing to meet their disarmament obligations.
But it points out the UK has cut its nuclear weapons capability by three-quarters since the end of the cold war and now only has 160 operationally available nuclear warheads.
Last March Gordon Brown said Britain was "ready to play our part in further disarmament".
A Ministry of Defence spokesperson said: "The UK would only consider using nuclear weapons in self-defence, including the defence of our Nato allies, and even then only in extreme circumstances.
"We remain fully committed to its goal of a safer world in which there is no place for any nuclear weapons, and continues to work hard internationally to achieve that goal."
"However, the government believes it should take the decisions necessary to ensure our national security, and in the current security environment that includes retention of a minimum nuclear deterrent."
The decibel level during Katie Taylor's fight with Natasha Jonas this afternoon hit 113.7 – the highest recorded at London 2012 so far.
An International Olympic Committee official said the noise surpassed the sound recorded during GB's win in the cycling finals at the Velodrome last week.
The noise of a jet engine is around 140 decibels.
When Taylor's name was mentioned for the first time a full 90 minutes before their fight, London's ExCel boxing arena shook with a roar that one Irish fan said could even be heard at the nearby wrestling arena.
Inside the arena, fans witnessed the best atmosphere at a fight at the Games so far, as the crowd exchanged chants of 'Team GB and 'Ole, Ole, Ole',
While British fighters have boxed in front of partisan crowds every day so far, Jonas' supporters were vastly outnumbered and outsung by the Irish fans, with a huge number of tricolours to be seen around the venue.
Back home, more than 6,000 boxing fans lined Bray seafront to see Taylor guarantee at least a bronze at the Olympics.
There was a great atmosphere as the champion fighter's Olympic debut was shown on an open-air big screen.
The boxer looked every inch a gold medal winner in waiting. They were briefly troubled in the second round but extended their advantage in a final two-round battering that saw Jonas receive two standing counts, thanks to a couple of thunderous right hands from the Bray boxer..
Four clinical IT systems have been shut down while security experts "isolate and destroy" the virus Dan Kitwood/Getty Images
Updated 03.11.16, 12:55 GMT: The Northern Lincolnshire and Goole NHS Foundation Trust has said "the majority" of its computer systems are up and running following an attack.
Patients with scheduled appoints should presume they will go ahead, the trust added. No further details were given as to the nature of the attack or what impact it had on the trust's IT systems.
Advertisement
Original story, 02.11.16:
Operations and appointments have been disrupted for a third day at an NHS trust hit by a computer virus over the weekend.
Read next The paedophile scandal shows YouTube is broken. Only radical change can fix it The paedophile scandal shows YouTube is broken. Only radical change can fix it
The Northern Lincolnshire and Goole NHS Foundation Trust confirmed that nearly all planned operations, outpatient appointments and diagnostic procedures had been cancelled for Wednesday, November 2.
The continued and widespread disruption to service at the trust follows advice given by security experts that the majority of systems be shut down to “isolate and destroy” a computer virus attack detected on October 30.
Advertisement
The majority of our appointments are CANCELLED today. Please visit our website for more information https://t.co/d8QJ3Nyhdy — NHS NLaG (@NHSNLaG) November 2, 2016
The trust runs three hospitals in Grimsby, Scunthorpe and Goole, all of which have been affected by the attack. Thousands of patients have been affected, with doctors resorting to pen and paper for some cases and patients being urged to seek care at hospitals run by the neighbouring North East Lincolnshire Trust.
Can the NHS modernise without going broke? NHS Can the NHS modernise without going broke?
Advertisement
In a statement posted on its website, the trust warned that all patients over the age of 18 should presume their appointments had been cancelled. Major trauma cases and high-risk women in labour are also being diverted to neighbouring hospitals. Accident and emergency services remain open, the trust has confirmed.
The affected hospitals share four clinical IT systems, forcing an almost complete shutdown across the trust. The trust has not disclosed any details about the attack, other than confirming a “virus” had infected its “electronic systems.”
It isn't yet clear when systems will be restored, with the trust saying cancelled appointments would be rescheduled “as soon as possible”.
On Wednesday morning, President Donald Trump went after Seattle-based retailer Nordstrom on Twitter for declining to continue to carry their daughter Ivanka Trump's lifestyle brand.
"My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom," they said in a tweet that was then retweeted by the official @POTUS account. "She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!"
Almost immediately, Nordstrom stock took a small dip. Then, it recovered and went on to have its ninth best day in five years, according to Mike Rosenberg of the Seattle Times.
By close of the day, it was up over 4 percent.
A Nordstrom spokesperson reiterated on Wednesday that the company decided to stop carrying Ivanka Trump's brand due to sales performance.
Donald Trump lashes out on Twitter after Nordstrom drops Ivanka Trump It looks like President Donald Trump heard the news that Nordstrom has decided to stop carrying the Ivanka Trump lifestyle brand.
-- Lizzy Acker
503-221-8052
lacker@oregonian.com, @lizzzyacker
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: Celtic 3-0 Aberdeen
Celtic stretched their lead at the Scottish Premiership summit to eight points with victory over second-placed Aberdeen in Glasgow.
Mikael Lustig scored the opener in a competitive first half as their shot found the net via a wicked deflection.
Former Dons winger Jonny Hayes bagged a second - and their first for Celtic - from close range after 69 minutes.
And Olivier Ntcham latched onto a terrible Kenny McLean backpass to wrap up the three points.
This was a chance for Celtic to strengthen their grip on top spot with in-form Aberdeen snapping at their heels just five points behind.
The occasion and atmosphere was always going to dictate the tempo and as Aberdeen pressed, Celtic zipped the ball around with precision and purpose in the early stages.
There was no reward for their possession, though, and the visitors started to grow in confidence.
That confidence was converted into a fabulous chance for former Celtic winger Gary Mackay-Steven midway through the first half.
Dedryck Boyata allowed a high ball to bounce on the edge of their box and Mackay-Steven collected possession, turned the Belgian international inside out, and fired a low shot just past Craig Gordon's left-hand post. It was a warning that prompted a few dissenting groans around Celtic Park.
That was the first of three quick-fire chances in the space of 10 minutes, with the other two calling both goalkeepers into action. Joe Lewis did well to block Scott Sinclair's shot after the Englishman was one-on-one with the Aberdeen stopper, and Greg Stewart watched their fierce drive fisted away by Gordon at the other end.
Jonny Hayes scored their first Celtic goal against their former club
With five minutes to the break, Celtic took the lead thanks to some neat build-up play and a huge slice of luck. Hayes and Ntcham played a sharp one-two at the end of the Aberdeen box and when Lustig picked the ball up their shot flew off the back of Dominic Ball and high past a wrong-footed Lewis.
It was a sore one to take for the hard-working visitors but on the balance of play, deserved.
Keen to kill the contest quickly, Celtic immediately applied pressure after the interval and Moussa Dembele saw their close-range effort deflected just wide, before Kieran Tierney and Ntcham also tested Lewis.
Maybe Aberdeen's confidence went when they lost the first goal, knowing that it was going to be very, very tough for them, but they were blown away in the second half. Pat Bonner Former Celtic goalkeeper on BBC Radio Scotland
Dembele and Sinclair were beginning to cause the creaking Dons defence problems, with Ntcham, the dominant influence in midfield, spraying balls forward.
Kari Arnason and McLean gave the small band of travelling fans hope with a couple of close encounters, but it was one of their former team-mates who struck at the other end.
Sinclair showed their guile once again down the left flank and when they whipped in a fine cross, Hayes had the easiest of finishes from five yards out. It was mortal blow for Aberdeen, who had already been wounded by a mixture of a slick Celtic and their own lack of self-belief.
As if to underline the point, the third came from a horrible Dons error that was pounced on by Ntcham. McLean was short with the backpass and the Frenchman skipped in, rounded Lewis and slotted home with ease.
Olivier Ntcham slotted Celtic's third goal after a glaring error from Kenny McLean
Dembele and substitute Odsonne Edouard had good opportunities to inflict more damage in the closing stages, but their wasted chances did not take the shine off a dominant display.
What's Open or Closed in Honolulu for Presidents Day
Your guide to which Honolulu City and County services will be available or suspended in observance of Presidents Day on Feb. 20, 2017.
By Enjy El-Kadi
PHOTO: THINKSTOCK
AVAILABLE SERVICES
Emergency ambulance, fire, lifeguard and police services will be available.
TheBus will operate on a Saturday schedule. Visit thebus.org for route and schedule information.
The Honolulu Zoo will be open.
The Neal S. Blaisdell Box Office will be open for the Michael Carbonaro event only. For more information, visit blaisdellcenter.com .
The parks, municipal golf courses and botanical gardens will be open.
Refuse will be collected.
Transfer stations, convenience centers, H-POWER and the Waimānalo Gulch Sanitary Landfill will be open.
CANCELLATIONS AND CLOSURES
The Neal S. Blaisdell Box Office will be closed (except for the Michael Carbonaro event).
The People's Open Markets will not be held.
All Satellite City Halls and Driver's License offices will be closed.
TRAFFIC REGULATIONS
On-street parking will be free, except for the meters on Kalākaua Avenue along Queen Kapi‘olani Park and metered parking lots.
Traffic lanes will not be coned for contraflow.
Parking in Lanikai will be restricted over the three-day holiday weekend as follows:
‣ Saturday, Feb. 18 through Monday, Feb. 20: No parking on all Lanikai streets/shoulders from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
If you would like to access Lanikai Beach and/or the Lanikai Pillboxes Trail during this time, the City and County of Honolulu recommends walking, biking, taking TheBus Route 70 or being dropped off.
SEE ALSO: The 8 Best Things To Do in February 2017
Instead of holding another election, the next BC government should work to open up provincial politics to women and other historically marginalized groups.
It has been six weeks since British Columbians went to the polls. The absentee ballots have been counted, the recounts are over, and the newly elected members have been sworn in. Remarkably, it still feels more like intermission than curtains down. The BC Liberals — still technically the government — lost their majority but maintained a plurality of seats, and Premier Christy Clark has signalled their desire to reign at the head of a minority government. However, as Clark themselves admitted, the Liberals do not have enough seats to govern, since the New Democratic Party (NDP) and Greens, who hold a razor-thin majority in combination, have offered to work together to run the province.
The parties have been jockeying over who will serve as the Speaker of the legislature. At first, no party wanted the role. To take the necessarily nonpartisan job as the legislature's referee means giving up a voting member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) and slipping one vote further away from a claim on government. The beleaguered Liberals initially said that none of their members would run for the Speaker's post, leading a party insider to suggest that any Liberal who puts their or their name forward would be an instant pariah. In mid-June the party changed its tune and said someone would stand; in Clark's words, whichever party forms the government “has a responsibility to ensure a Speaker.” However, this means a Liberal Speaker will likely serve only until after the Speech from the Throne is read on June 22, and the Liberals are defeated by the NDP-Green alliance in a motion of nonconfidence. Then it will be the “responsibility” of the new government to offer a Speaker.
But the NDP and the Greens simply don't have a member to spare, since offering a Speaker would mean giving up their combined one-MLA lead over the Liberals and thus their claim to government. Would Lieutenant-Governor Judith Guichon offer the NDP the opportunity to form government when they have only the same number of seats as the defeated Liberals, and must rely on an agreement — not a coalition — with the Greens? The answer is far from clear.
The province's current quagmire has led some to call for an immediate return to the polls. It's not just pundits floating the idea. In a letter to supporters, the NDP has asked for donations in case it “face[s] an election call in just a couple of weeks.” Clark and the BC Liberals say they are prepared to serve and fall in opposition, and the sometimes quirky finance minister, Mike De Jong, even entertained journalists at the cabinet swearing-in by singing, “Here for a good time, not a long time.”
But another election is not the ideal solution to the current political mess. Democracy involves more than asking voters to go to the polls until the results shake out a large majority. Voters made their choice on May 9, and their representatives have a responsibility to make the legislature work with the hand British Columbians dealt them. Although elections are a necessary and important part of democracy, they are expensive for taxpayers (the last election cost $44 million) and can be gruelling for candidates.
Economic and social inequalities make the costs of campaigns and elections especially burdensome for women and members of other historically disadvantaged groups, contributing to their underrepresentation in legislatures. The gender wage gap — women in BC earn just 78 cents for every dollar men earn — means that the financial cost of running in an election is disproportionately hard on women. Because women are underrepresented in the old boys' club of politics, business and finance, they are also less likely to have the financial networks and political capital — and access to wealthy donors and political information — available to many men.
Economic and social inequalities make the costs of campaigns and elections especially burdensome for women and members of other historically disadvantaged groups, contributing to their underrepresentation in legislatures.
Elections are also extremely demanding on candidates' time, and on their campaign staff and volunteers. Again, this burden may be especially likely to dissuade women, particularly those with young children, from pursuing politics, since women bear disproportionately more family care responsibilities. According to Statistics Canada, women spend twice as much time as men caring for children, even when women work outside the home. In the absence of meaningful accommodation and support, this inequality filters into the political sphere and is a major contributor to women's underrepresentation. Forthcoming research shows that women who are elected representatives are far less likely than male representatives to have children: while nearly all male MPs (90 percent) have children, less than three-quarters (70 percent) of women in the House of Commons have children. Women in politics who do have children tend to have fewer, and they tend to wait until their children are older before entering the political arena.
Women in politics are also more likely to face harassment, which can be especially acute during elections. Harassment often takes the form of degrading comments — including sexual innuendo and threats of physical and sexual violence — and it takes a psychological toll. Over the past year, women in politics across the country shared and exposed the harassment and violence they face, and many raised concerns that harassment was dissuading other women from entering politics.
These financial and personal costs mean that a second election would be especially punishing for women. Furthermore, if the last election offers any indication, women who run also reap fewer rewards. BC's 2017 election results reveal that although 54 percent of men running for the major two parties won their seats, only 40 percent of women candidates won theirs. Why? The answer is that women were more likely to run in “lost cause” ridings, where their party lost by 10 percentage points or more in the previous election (in 2013). Furthermore, women were less likely to run in “winning ridings,” where their party won by 10 percentage points or more in the previous election. Even incumbent women face tougher races than do their male colleagues.
If democracy is also about equality of participation, these realities should not be ignored by those looking for solutions to BC's current political quagmire. Instead of holding another election, it's time to let the women and men who were elected sit in the legislature and do the job of governing the province and representing their constituents. The next government — however long it lasts and of whatever stripe — should work to address equality issues and make provincial politics more open to women and other historically marginalized groups.
For instance, lower campaign spending limits would help close the gap between those social group members who traditionally have access to the old boys' club of campaign donors and those who do not. Regulating nomination races under the BC Election Act to ensure some level of transparency, fairness and predictability could go far in increasing the number of women candidates, particularly in winnable ridings. And emulating Manitoba's policy of reimbursing candidates for 100 percent of the costs of care expenses during campaigns would help make running for office more woman-friendly. A clear, proactive policy on harassment is also needed to help prevent and address the abuse many women politicians face.
Women are contributing to British Columbia in business, in the public sector and through work in their communities. The changes proposed here would bring more women and their experience and expertise into politics. If the last month and the events that can be expected in the coming weeks are any indication, we could use all the help we can get.
Photo: BC NDP leader John Horgan and BC Green party leader Andrew Weaver shake hands after signing an agreement on creating a stable minority government during a press conference in the Hall of Honour at Legislature in Victoria on May 30, 2017. The Green party has agreed to support a New Democrat minority government by voting with them on confidence matters. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chad Hipolito
Do you have something to say about the article you just read? Be part of the Policy Options discussion, and send in your own submission. Here is a link on how to do it. | Souhaitez-vous réagir à cet article ? Joignez-vous aux débats d'Options politiques et soumettez-nous votre texte en suivant ces directives.
BBC Now Training Its Secret, Likely Imaginary, Fleet Of Detector Vans On Your WiFi
from the is-this-really-a-good-use-of-resources? dept
The Telegraph can disclose that from next month, the BBC vans will fan out across the country capturing information from private Wi-Fi networks in homes to “sniff out” those who have not paid the licence fee.
The corporation has been given legal dispensation to use the new technology, which is typically only available to crime-fighting agencies, to enforce the new requirement that people watching BBC programmes via the iPlayer must have a TV licence.
Nearly a decade ago, we wrote about the fact that the BBC supposedly has a fleet of totally secret "detector" vans that drive around trying to figure out who was watching the BBC without paying for it. As you probably know, if you live in the UK, you're forced to buy a BBC license if you have a TV or a TV turner card. And, for years, they've claimed to have had these magical detector vans. When we wrote about them in 2008, it was because freedom of information request to find out about the vans was denied for the most ridiculous of reasons: revealing the details of the vans "would damage the public's perception of the effectiveness of the TV detector vans." In other words, the "vans" -- if they exist at all -- were more about scaring people into paying, rather than actually detecting those watching the BBC without a license.Either way, those vans are back in the news, after the Telegraph reported that the vans have now been outfitted with apparent WiFi detection tools as well to go after people watching the BBC online without paying:A researcher interviewed in the article suggests -- without actual knowledge -- that the system could work in a manner in which the BBC's iPlayer deliberately sends packets of certain sizes, and then the van could use a packet sniffer to look for matching sized packets, without actually capturing any of the actual internet traffic. In other words, it might make use of certain forms of (you guessed it...) metadata. Of course, this is all speculation, and given the earlier reports on the van's Potemkin Village nature, it pays to be skeptical that the vans really do anything at all, beyond trying to scare people into paying licensing fees. After lots of people ran with the Telegraph's original claims, it now appears (thankfully) that at least some reporters are finally skeptical of these special new "WiFi snooping" vans.Even if the vans don't really work (or exist), it still should serve as a clear reminder of how surveillance efforts are at least a constant temptation for those in power, allowing what was officially put in place for "national security" to creep into totally unrelated areas. If media companiesactually build a van to cruise around and sniff WiFi looking for pirates, does anyone really think they wouldn't do so?
Filed Under: detector vans, surveillance, tv, tv licenses, uk, wifi
Companies: bbc
A TV ad released by the Republican Party of Florida has created major buzz in Florida's political world.
The ad featured an unidentified man who said they were swindled by Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein -- and, by extension, by former Gov. Charlie Crist, who is now a Democrat and seeking to unseat Florida Gov. Rick Scott.
"Scott Rothstein swindled a lot of people, me included," the unidentified narrator said. "He bankrupted many families. Nobody was closer to Rothstein than Charlie Crist. Rothstein was always around Charlie, throwing parties and giving Charlie money. Rothstein bragged that they gave Charlie Crist money so they could pick judges. Of course Charlie took the money. I got swindled by both Rothstein and Charlie. If Charlie Crist sell judgeships, everything is for sale."
The ad -- which has run at least 4,000 times at a cost of about $2 million -- includes photos of Rothstein and Crist embracing each other and blowing out the candles on Crist's 52nd birthday cake. (Technical note: The ad was released by the state Republican Party, but it is on Scott's behalf. Scott's campaign has been defending it and they initially referred questions about the ad to their campaign. So that's why we're putting Scott on the Truth-O-Meter.)
PolitiFact Florida has previously fact-checked two claims related to Rothstein, who began a 50-year prison sentence in 2010 for convictions related to a $1.4 billion Ponzi scheme that involved the sale of fabricated legal settlements.
But Scott's charge that Crist "swindled" an investor is new -- and represents a serious charge. Crist unveiled their own counter-attack that calls the ad a lie and recounts Scott's $1.7 billion Medicare fraud related to their days as CEO of a health care company.
We decided to put it to the Truth-O-Meter.
We've relied heavily on the work of Miami Herald political writer Marc Caputo and federal courts reporter Jay Weaver. On Sept. 16, Caputo and Weaver broke the story that the investor was Dean Kretschmar of Fort Lauderdale.
The investor's lawsuit didn't mention Crist
Kretschmar was part of an investor group known as Razorback that invested with Rothstein. On or around June 2009, Kretschmar invested $8 million, according to the lawsuit Kretschmar and other investors filed in November 2009.
The lawsuit named several defendants, including Rothstein and TD Bank, the banker for Rothstein's law firm. Crist's name isn't mentioned in the lawsuit.
The group sought $190 million and settled for $170 million with TD Bank, the Herald reported. The newspaper reported that Kretschmar recouped most of their investment.
Unmentioned in the ad is that Kretschmar's lawyer is William R. Scherer, a Scott donor.
Earlier this year, Scott's office hired Scherer's law firm to sue Digital Domain, a digital effects company that had animated the scenes in Titanic and the Transformers movies. Under Crist, the company received $20 million from the state but in 2012 shut down its Florida operation and declared bankruptcy without creating the hundreds of jobs it had promised the state.
(Scherer told the Herald the point of the ad was that Crist took Rothstein's money — about $81,000 for Crist's unsuccessful U.S. Senate campaign in 2010 — at the same time that Kretschmar was being ripped off. But none of that is explained in the ad.)
Kretschmar has given about $19,000 to state and federal GOP candidates and committees, including -- ironically -- $500 to Crist when they ran for governor as a Republican in 2006.
Scott's response
The pro-Scott ad's backup cites several articles about Rothstein's court testimony earlier this year in a case involving a former employee of their law firm. Rothstein testified that they bought Crist's judicial picks, but did not mention Kretschmar.
During a campaign stop in Miami, Scott told the Herald's Caputo that their ad wasn't intended to say that Crist was an active participant in the fraud; rather, it was intended to be more metaphorical, equating Crist's political flip-flops with Rothstein's swindles.
From the Herald:
"This individual was a victim of both Scott Rothstein and Charlie Crist. Both of them promised things, and they didn't come through," Scott said. "Charlie said they were a Ronald Reagan Republican. They were against tax increases. They were against raising your tuition. And they did both," Scott said, repeating variations of this argument when reporters sought clarification. "Charlie was a Republican and then an independent then a Democrat."
Scott campaign manager Melissa Sellers cited a list of political positions that Crist has flip-flopped, such as gay marriage. PolitiFact has confirmed a number of such flip-flops. But none of these flip-flops are remotely connected to Rothstein's criminal acts. And Merriam-Webster's online dictionary defines "swindle" as "to obtain money or property by fraud or deceit," a definition that doesn't extend to policy flip-flops.
(The Florida GOP isn't giving up on the "swindle" argument -- a new web ad released on Sept. 22 says "Crist swindled Florida. Swindled their own supporters. Swindled voters with promises made and promises broken." That ad focuses on Crist's flip-flops and doesn't mention Rothstein.)
Sellers also argued that "no one ever said Crist was not part of the Rothstein investigation."
The campaign points to a January 2012 article in the Miami Herald about charges pending for others involved in Rothstein's scheme. (So far, there have been more than 20 separate convictions.) The article included information from Rothstein's 10-day deposition in a civil case, in which an attorney asked Rothstein if they "conned" or "‘fooled" a list of big-name national politicians, including GOP presidential candidate Sen. John McCain. Rothstein testified that they "fooled" them all.
Rothstein was then asked by an attorney whether they "fooled" Crist or former U.S. Sen. Mel Martinez, R-Fla.
The Herald wrote that "Rothstein was not allowed to answer the questions about the two Florida politicians because of objections raised by the lead federal prosecutor in the criminal case, Lawrence LaVecchio, who cited 'investigatory privilege.' Legal experts said LaVecchio objected because their team is still investigating political donations that Rothstein and other members of their firm made to their campaigns."
Rothstein testified this year in a separate criminal case involving a former employee that Crist made judicial appointments in return for Rothstein's donations. But the Herald reported in September that federal investigators examined Rothstein-related donations to Crist in 2010 and have found no evidence of wrongdoing and are not actively investigating the charge.
A Republican Party of Florida television ad from August asserted that Rothstein "gave hundreds of thousands of campaign cash to control Crist's appointments of key state judges."
Rothstein and their firm donated to Crist and RPOF -- in addition to a long list of politicians and candidates from both parties. Crist appointed Rothstein to serve on a commission that recommended appeals judges, but they were only one of nine votes. To say that Rothstein controlled the appointments is an overstatement, which led us to rate that claim Half True.
Our ruling
A TV ad by Scott quotes a Rothstein victim who says that they were "swindled" by Crist, but that's a gross distortion.
Kretschmar was swindled by Rothstein, but the ad provides no evidence that they were "swindled" by Crist as well. Scott and their campaign argue that the comparison between the "swindles" by Rothstein and Crist is metaphorical, with Crist having "swindled" voters by changing their positions on political issues like same-sex marriage.
However, the way the accusation was framed in the ad leaves viewers with the impression that Crist was part of Rothstein's criminal Ponzi scheme -- they were not. The ad's equation of the two is ridiculous, so we rate the claim Pants on Fire!
On Tuesday, a 27-year-old allegedly got into an argument with an engineering college's management and then set themselves on fire in front of the college in Chennai. The man had gone to the college in Semmenchery to collect their certificates, The New Indian Express reports.
According to the report, they suffered 72% burns and is now admitted in the Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital. The dean of the college and hospital Dr Narayana Babu has not given a status on their condition saying it was too early to comment.
Madhukumar had reportedly gone to their old college to collect their certificates but theirs ended in an argument. After the altercation, around 11:30 am they went to their bike, took out the petrol and set themselves on fire in front of the college.
Semmenchery police have stated that Madhukumar did their MCA in the college from 2011 to 2014. According to report, they dropped out of the college in 2013 after they failed a few subjects. They managed to complete the course in 2015. Their brother has told police that they were depressed because they didn't have a good academic record, the report says.
Radical feminist Gloria Steinem says they will send the portion of their income tax that would normally go toward funding Planned Parenthood directly to the organization if the Trump administration strips the abortion group of its funding.
Speaking as a panel member for women's rights activists Donor Direct Action, Steinem urged a tax resistance movement similar to the one Vietnam War protesters used in the 1960s.
“In this case, we can say ‘I'm sending the part of my income tax that should go to Planned Parenthood, I'm sending it directly to Planned Parenthood. Come and get me,'” they said, reports Reuters. “They come and collect eventually, but it costs them way more to go through the process.”
Steinem's comments come as a new law in Texas is requiring burial or cremation of fetal remains, and the Ohio state legislature has passed a “heartbeat” bill that would ban abortions once a fetal heartbeat can be detected.
Planned Parenthood receives more than a half-billion taxpayer dollars annually. The group has been under congressional investigation for the past year following the release of videos that alleged Planned Parenthood harvests the body parts of babies aborted in its clinics and sells them for a profit.
The abortion chain spent about $30 million trying to elect Democrats and Hillary Clinton in the 2016 races.
Trump has vowed to appoint pro-life Supreme Court justices and has said Planned Parenthood should not receive federal funding if it continues to provide abortions. State legislatures have passed laws to eliminate late-term abortions and improve safety standards for women in abortion clinics who choose to undergo the procedure. Planned Parenthood and the ACLU, both of which have taken advantage of progressive activist judges, however, have challenged these new laws in court.
“The overall political lesson is that we need to pay as much attention to our state legislatures as we do to Washington,” said Steinem. “We have not done that. The battle is being fought there.”
The Obama administration has sought to override state laws that redirect federal funding from Planned Parenthood – its political ally – toward other healthcare centers that have met the federal government's criteria.
These federally qualified healthcare centers (FQHCs) provide more comprehensive services to low-income families than Planned Parenthood. Nationally, there are 13,000 FQHCs – a figure that outnumbers Planned Parenthood facilities by 20 to 1.
Despite the overwhelming number of FQHCs, however, the Obama Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) has asserted that by redirecting funding away from Planned Parenthood, the states “have interfered with” low-income individuals' ability to access federal assistance quickly.
Though logic would suggest it's better to make decisions without the distant pangs of hunger as a distraction, new research suggests it's perhaps better to take a gamble when suffering from a grumbling stomach.
Researchers from Utrecht University in the Netherlands have found that "hot states", a term used to describe high levels of emotion due to cravings such as hunger, improve your ability to make long-term decisions.
Hot states have an generally accepted reputation among psychologists for inducing reckless behaviour and increasing impulsiveness: people are thought to be more likely to opt for immediate gratification when they are emotional, hungry, sexually aroused or otherwise in a hot state, even when aware of the potential backlash from acting on these impulses.
But the new evidence suggests that hot states do not jeopardise, but rather improve decision making when these decisions are complicated and the long-term outcomes, uncertain.
Researchers conducted three separate experiments on a group of students to test whether hunger led to advantageous strategic decision-making. In all experiments, the students were split up into two groups - fasting and non-fasting. Fasting participants ate nothing for 10 hours before participating, whilst the non-fasting group indulged in a large breakfast and were free to eat and drink as much as they wanted beforehand.
In the first two experiments, the students played the ‘Iowa gambling task', a card game reflecting real-life decision-making related to gambling that involves numerous risks and rewards. Surprisingly, the fasting group performed better than the non-fasting group, grasping the pattern of long-term rewards over short-term gains better than their well-fed peers.
These results, the team said in the journal PLOS One, “show that people who were hungry because of having fasted overnight performed better on a complex decision task than sated people and thus provides a first piece of evidence that the hot state of hunger improves, rather than compromises, advantageous decision making."
The third experiment saw participants presented with a set of questions that required them to choose between being given a small amount of money at that moment or a larger amount of money in the future. Supporting the two initial experiments conclusions, fasting participants opted for the larger amount of money in the future, whereas non-fasting participants were more likely to choose the first option.
The study is a first, as it challenges previous research suggesting that hot states tend to compromise decision-making. The team noted that further research is required before drawing to any concrete conclusions about the impact of emotions have on the decision-making process.
"Hunger and appetite do not necessarily make people more impulsive, but rather make them rely more on gut feeling, which benefits complex decisions with uncertain outcomes," the authors concluded.
"Alternatively, it may be that hot states do increase impulsivity, but that impulsivity is not necessarily bad."
BUFFALO -- The Buffalo Sabres' trade of Thomas Vanek to the New York Islanders in exchange for Matt Moulson and a pair of draft picks came as a surprise to many fans in Buffalo.
For those in the organization, it was the suddenness of it happening that affected them most.
"This was a situation I think everyone knew was going to take place, it's just the timing of it was a bit quicker than people would've thought," Sabres coach Ron Rolston said. "Obviously losing a player that has meant so much to the organization over the years is tough. He's put a lot of their career, their sacrifices, dedication to the Buffalo Sabres."
Vanek spent the first eight seasons of their career in Buffalo before being dealt Monday night.
"It's completely shocking in the essence of a guy that's been around for a long time here and he's been very successful in Buffalo," Sabres captain Steve Ott said. "In the same instance, it's part of the business. He's an unrestricted free agent at the end of the year. There's been rumblings and rumors of what's gone on here. I mean, we got back a heck of a player."
Moulson is a three-time 30-goal scorer and, like Vanek, is also in the final year of their contract. They went from being an unsigned ninth-round pick by the Pittsburgh Penguins to a forgotten man for the Los Angeles Kings to one of the best low-risk signings in recent seasons with the Islanders.
They formed a strong partnership with center John Tavares and averaged 0.38 goals per game in the past four seasons with New York. That was tied for 21st in the League during that span, and just behind Vanek's 0.4 goals per contest.
Moulson is expected to skate on the top line Monday night for the Sabres in Vanek's old spot next to Cody Hodgson.
"I'm sure I'll be around the net as usual," Moulson told reporters. "I don't venture too far from there."
Vanek was part of a small core of players in Buffalo that were veteran leaders. They along with goalie Ryan Miller, forward Drew Stafford, and defenseman Henrik Tallinder had spent the better part of their careers together as Sabres.
"It's sad, but that's the way things are going now," Stafford said. "At the same time it's a business. It's the unfortunate side of things. You lose great friends and great teammates. At the same time, we have to find a way to move forward and we've got to focus on trying to get some wins here."
"I think it was bound to happen sooner or later. It happened sooner," Tallinder said. "Yeah, they got some draft picks, I mean that's good for the future I guess. Drafting is always kind of a lottery anyway, but I think we got a good player here and we lost one. It's for the future and that's why we did it."
For some of the younger players, Vanek's departure hits home a little harder.
"He's definitely a tough guy to lose," defenseman Tyler Myers said. "But I think most of the guys in the room here were expecting something might happen this year. The fact that it's become a reality is still settling in. I wish [Vanek] all the best. They were a huge help for me coming into this organization."
Should Vanek still be a member of the Islanders by the end of the season, they would make their return to Buffalo on April 13, 2014, the Sabres' final game of the season.
“It's hard to watch all of them go,” Miller said. “It's no different each time. All these guys have been close friends and great hockey players.”
BROOKLYN, NY—Explaining that the prisoners dole out their own form of brutal justice, prison officials at the Metropolitan Detention Center told reporters Thursday that Martin Shkreli faces a rough stay in a system where inmates who funded hair theft are considered the lowest caste. “As soon as word spreads you're in here for soliciting stolen hair, you've got a target on your back,” said prison warden Joe Ferrero, noting that most inmates see someone like the former pharmaceutical company CEO, who offered $5,000 cash in exchange for procuring one of Hillary Clinton's hairs, as “the scum of the earth.” “The showers, the yard, even their own cell at night—these hair-bounty guys aren't safe anywhere. Shkreli's life will be a living hell. He'll be lucky if they don't slit their throat in a week.” Ferrero went on to say that while they were not proud of the fact, many guards were known to turn a blind eye to the torment of notorious hair collectors such as Shkreli.
Advertisement
Blowback Some marijuana tax revenue is better than none
The drug czar says that, like duties on alcohol and tobacco, the Prop. 19 marijuana tax wouldn't offset the substance's societal costs. They ignore the fact that cannabis is a safer drug.
Alcohol is toxic to healthy cells and organs, a side effect that results directly in about 35,000 deaths a year from illnesses such as cirrhosis of the liver, ulcers, cancer and heart disease. Heavy alcohol consumption can depress the central nervous system — inducing unconsciousness, coma and death — and is strongly associated with increased risks of injury. According to federal statistics, alcohol plays a role in about 41,000 fatal accidents a year and in the commission of about 1 million violent crimes annually.
Nevertheless, Kerlikowske's opposition to Proposition 19 is still worth addressing, as their claim is a fairly common one. In a nutshell, Kerlikowske et al argue that, if legalized, marijuana's perceived social costs would outweigh the economic benefits reaped by regulation. They base this allegation largely on the premise that present taxes on alcohol and cigarettes fail to adequately pay for the societal costs associated with those drugs' use and abuse. True enough, but here's why this sound bite is irrelevant to the present marijuana debate.
It is no surprise that America's present and former drug czars oppose the passage of Proposition 19 , the Regulate, Control and Tax Cannabis Initiative of 2010. After all, the drug czar is required by law "to oppose any attempt to legalize the use of a substance that is listed in schedule I of section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act." In other words, it would actually be illegal for President Obama's drug czar, Gil Kerlikowske, to voice an opinion that didn't publicly condemn the measure.
By contrast, the active compounds in marijuana, known as cannabinoids, are remarkably nontoxic. Unlike alcohol, marijuana is incapable of causing a fatal overdose, and its use is inversely associated with aggression and injury. In fact, the recently released Rand Corp. report found that in 2008, there were fewer than 200 "admissions to hospitals in which marijuana abuse or dependence was listed as the primary reason for the hospitalization." By comparison, there are more than 70,000 hospitalizations in California annually related to the use of alcohol.
Marijuana is far safer than tobacco.
According to a 2009 report by the Canadian Centre on Substance Abuse, health-related costs per user are eight times higher for drinkers than they are for those who use cannabis, and are more than 40 times higher for tobacco smokers. It states: "In terms of (health-related) costs per user: tobacco-related health costs are over $800 per user, alcohol-related health costs are much lower at $165 per user, and cannabis-related health costs are the lowest at $20 per user."
A previous analysis commissioned by the World Health Organization agreed, stating, "On existing patterns of use, cannabis poses a much less serious public health problem than is currently posed by alcohol and tobacco in Western societies." So then why is the drug czar so worried about adults consuming it in the privacy of their own home?
Some tax revenue is better than no tax revenue.
According to a 2007 George Mason University study, U.S. citizens each year spend about $113 billion on marijuana. Under prohibition, all of this spending is directed toward an underground economy and goes untaxed. That means state and local governments are presently collecting zero dollars to offset societal and health costs related to recreational marijuana use. Therefore, the imposition of any retail tax or excise fee would be an improvement over the current situation.
In short, the drug czars' assessment that present taxes on alcohol and tobacco — two deadly products — do not raise sufficient funding to offset their related social costs is not an argument in favor of maintaining the status quo, particularly when one recognizes that the social and health costs related to cannabis use are far less than those associated with the use of other intoxicants.
Despite more than 70 years of federal prohibition, marijuana is here to stay. It's time to acknowledge this reality, and to cease ceding control of the commercial marijuana market to unregulated, untaxed criminal enterprises and put it in the hands of licensed businesses. Proposition 19 is a first, significant step in this direction.
Paul Armentano is the deputy director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws and is the coauthor of the book "Marijuana Is Safer: So Why Are We Driving People to Drink? (Chelsea Green, 2009).
SAINT PAUL, MN — Minnesota House Minority Leader Melissa Hortman, a Democrat representing suburban Minneapolis, is facing calls from their Republican colleagues to apologize and resign for remarks made during floor debate Monday.
"I hate to break up the 100 percent white male card game in the retiring room, but I think this is an important debate," Hortman said.
House members were debating a proposal to increase penalties for protesters who shut down highways or airports.
Hortman, who is white, went on to say that several female lawmakers had given exceptional speeches while other lawmakers were in the retiring room.
Rep. Melissa Hortman
"I'm a white male. I respect everybody," said Rep. Bob Dettmer, a Republican, responding to Hortman.
"But I really believe the comments made by the minority leader were really not appropriate. Minority leader, would you apologize to the body?"
Hortman then said they had "no intention of apologizing" and was "tired of watching women of color, in particular, being ignored."
"So I'm not sorry," they added.
The back and forth continued, with Dettmer saying that "All I know is that if I had made a comment like that, it would have made the front page of the newspapers."
"And minority leader, I do forgive you."
Now, Republican Greg Davids is calling on Hortman to "resign," reports the Post Bulletin.
"I was greatly offended by Hortman's racist statement about white males," Davids told the newspaper. "I believe their comments have created a very hostile working environment."
Rep. Greg Davids
Watch Monday's spat on the House floor below:
Image via TheUpTake.org
Lawmaker profile photos via Minnesota House of Representatives
SHARE
By of the
BrightStar Wisconsin Foundation Inc., a nonprofit group that makes venture investments in Wisconsin companies, said Wednesday it will invest $50,000 in each company that meets its mission coming out of the gener8tor start-up accelerator.
BrightStar's main criterion for investing is that the company is creating high-quality jobs in Wisconsin.
Gener8tor is a for-profit group that runs two 12-week classes each year, one in Madison and one in Milwaukee. Since forming in 2012, gener8tor has put 23 start-ups through its training program.
"BrightStar's partnership enables gener8tor to attract and retain the region's most promising new companies," said Joe Kirgues, gener8tor co-founder.
Also Wednesday, BrightStar said it has invested a total of $400,000 in two Madison companies: Forward Health Group Inc., a health care data and analytics company; and Swallow Solutions LLC, which develops products for people with swallowing difficulties.
CAIRO — After the security forces raided the home of Islam Khalil, a 26-year-old salesperson, last summer, they seemed to vanish without a trace.
Mr. Khalil, who lives about 50 miles north of Cairo in El Santa, Egypt, had not been formally arrested, so their family could not determine where they were being held, or by whom. Their relatives, who said they did not have access to a lawyer, worried that they were dead.
When Mr. Khalil finally emerged, four months later, at a police station in the port city of Alexandria, Egypt, they looked dirty and emaciated, according to their brother Nour, and reported that interrogators had suspended them from their arms and their legs, and administered electric shocks to their genitals.
“He didn't look like the Islam I know,” Nour Khalil recalled in a recent interview.
Mr. Khalil is one of hundreds of Egyptians who have recently been subjected to what human rights groups call “enforced disappearance,” a harsh tactic that has become increasingly prevalent in Egypt as the government of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi widens its crackdown on opponents, real or imagined.
The Turnbull government has rejected a call to delay the full rollout of the $22 billion National Disability Insurance Scheme, despite a major report finding the current timetable is compromising the quality of care and threatens the scheme's financial viability.
The Productivity Commission said the current timetable simply "will not be met" as the scheme struggles under a "tsunami" of demand. Federal and state governments must start planning now to delay the start of the full scheme beyond 2019-20, it suggested.
The commission has also warned of acute skills shortages and other price pressures that could force up the cost of the scheme, described as the biggest social reform in Australia since the introduction of Medicare.
In its final report to the government after a year-long inquiry, the commission says the NDIS - currently in a transitional phase as it ramps up towards full launch - is already improving the lives of many participants, their families and carers.
Seattle's Pilot Parklet Program is getting ready to kick off its transformation of the city's neighborhoods with two small-scale public spaces in Capitol Hill and Belltown in August, with a third space planned for the Chinatown/International District planned for end of summer.
The Belltown parklet is sponsored by City Hostel Seattle and would be located at 2327 Second Avenue. Montana Bar is sponsoring the Capitol Hill parklet, located at 1506 E Olive Way. The Chinatown /International District Business Improvement Area is sponsoring the third parklet, which is planned for 421 Sixth Avenue S The City Hostel Seattle parklet will include ample seating spaces, retractable canopies, a riser seating and theater area, game boards, bike share parking, and planter boxes. The Montana Bar parklet will include seating, including a partially-covered area, as well as planter boxes for vegetation while plans for a street cafe nearby are in the works. Finally, the Chinatown/ID parklet is expected to include seating, tables, and planter boxes.
Whatcha think? Can we expect to see you parking your butt in these parklets?
· Parklets are coming to Seattle! [SDOT]
· Seattle Pilot Parklet Designs [Seattle.gov]
It's pretty annoying that Keras doesn't support Pickle to serialize its objects (Models). Yes, the Model structure is serializable ( keras.models.model_from_json ) and so are the weights ( model.get_weights ), and we can always use the built-in keras.models.save_model to store it as an hdf5 file, but all these won't help when we want to store another object that references the model (like keras.callbacks.History ), or use the %store magic of iPython notebook.
After some frustration, I ended up with a patchy solution that does the work for me. It's not the nicest thing, but works regardless of how you reference your Keras model. Basically, if an object has __getstate__ and __setstate__ methods, pickle will use them to serialize the object. The problem is that Keras Model doesn't implement these. My patchy solution adds those methods after the class has been loaded:
import types import tempfile import keras.models def make_keras_picklable (): def __getstate__ ( self ): model_str = "" with tempfile . NamedTemporaryFile ( suffix = '.hdf5' , delete = True ) as fd : keras . models . save_model ( self , fd . name , overwrite = True ) model_str = fd . read () d = { 'model_str' : model_str } return d def __setstate__ ( self , state ): with tempfile . NamedTemporaryFile ( suffix = '.hdf5' , delete = True ) as fd : fd . write ( state [ 'model_str' ]) fd . flush () model = keras . models . load_model ( fd . name ) self . __dict__ = model . __dict__ cls = keras . models . Model cls . __getstate__ = __getstate__ cls . __setstate__ = __setstate__
And a usage example:
import keras import pickle make_keras_picklable () m = keras . models . Sequential () m . add ( keras . layers . Dense ( 10 , input_shape = ( 10 ,))) m . compile ( optimizer = 'sgd' , loss = 'mse' ) pickle . dumps ( m ) >> b ' \x80\x03 ckeras.models
Sequential
q \x00 ) \x81 q \x01 }q \x02 X...
I have a general python module that I always import on all my notebooks and contains some stuff I always need so I just added it there. You can just add to one of your initializers files or the beginning of your script.
Most impressively of all, Hillary Clinton's 100-percent-completely-foreseeable “Take the bait, please!!” strategy—foreseeable enough that I said in the article that this is what they would do—worked marvelously well.
The match-up really did turn out to be an extreme contrast at every level—intellectual and rhetorical styles, bearing on stage, what each candidate talked about and didn't. The things Jane Goodall foresaw about Trump's primate-dominance moves actually took place , when they were free to roam the stage in debate #2. As their fallen rivals from the Republican primaries had predicted, Trump faced much greater challenges in these head-to-head debates than they had in the crowded-podium prelims. Back then, they could chime in with an insult whenever they wanted and otherwise just stay quiet and roll their eyes. In the head-to-head round, especially the last debate, they struggled to fill their allotted time with details on any topic and fell back on slogans from their stump speech. Also predictably, Hillary Clinton was as prepared as they could be and barely put a foot wrong.
1) Predictability. To my relief, most of the expert forecasts I quoted in my debate preview piece matched what actually occurred.
Most of what I thought, I said at the time. But to summarize:
With two and a half weeks to go, the debate phase of the competition is at last at its end. In real time last night I did an endless tweet-storm commentary whose beginning you can find here and that wound up this way :
From the opening moments of the first debate, they sent out a a nonstop stream of provocations, subtle or obvious, all tailored to wounding Trump's vanities. The topics ranged from theirs not really being rich, to being a man of the beauty-pageant world, to not paying taxes, to being a chronic liar, to generally being preposterous. Sooner or later in each debate, usually sooner, it worked! Trump simply could not resist the bait. They would go off on exactly the tirades the Clinton campaign was hoping to evoke from him. You saw it again last night: for the first 30 minutes or so, they were so stately as to seem semi-sedated. Then they began teasing him, and they got them to snap and interrupt.
So from an unprecedented and potentially unpredictable confrontation, we saw the behavior many people anticipated from each candidate. Very carefully prepped Belichick-type execution of a precise plan from one side. On the other side, wild slugging by someone who might as well have had a bucket over their head.
***
2) Moderator. Given Fox News's stake in this race—Sean Hannity as unapologetic campaign booster for Trump, Roger Ailes drifting between the organizations—the pre-debate question about moderator Chris Wallace, of Fox, was which part of the now-split Fox consciousness they would represent. The movement-activist part, which has made Fox essentially the only “news” outlet on which Trump will appear in recent weeks? Or the actual-journalist part, as Fox's Shep Smith and Bret Baier usually illustrate and as Megyn Kelly sometimes does—for instance, when memorably dressing down Karl Rove while the Ohio vote was being counted four years ago?
Joe Raedle / Reuters
Congrats to Wallace, who conducted most of the debate as if it were an actual interview on substance; who reminded candidates of the question they had originally asked, when they drifted afield; who (like Anderson Cooper in round two) was polite in tone while maintaining control of the discussion; and who improvised in a non-gimmicky way by ending the debate with an “unexpected” call for a brief closing statement. Of course this was one of the many contingencies Hillary Clinton had fully prepared for; of course it was one of many developments to which Donald Trump had given no advance thought. So they reeled off a practiced-seeming one-minute wrapup, and they gave what appeared to be random highlights from their rally speeches. Imagine the debate planning that would have Trump use the final few seconds of their final debate appearance thus: “Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education.”
***
3) The tyranny of the “deficit nightmare.” My one criticism of Wallace's debate-management is the one Paul Krugman lays out in more detail here. I will bet—oh, let's say, a trillion dollars—that when someone looks back on the 2016 campaign and asks, “What's a major long-term danger that got shockingly little attention in the campaign?” the answer is not going to be “the federal budget deficit.” But Wallace hammered on this exaggerated threat in two extended discussions. I bet that the answer is going to be climate change and sustainability in all forms. Unless I missed it, no question from any of the moderators was on this theme.
Of course public services must pay their way in the long run. But the hold that deficit-hawkery has on “respectable” discussion these days is quite remarkable.
So, for Chris Wallace: if you'd swapped even one of your deficit questions for a climate one, it would have been an even better job. Still, well done overall.
***
4) HRC's worst moment. It occurred an hour in, when Wallace asked them a perfectly straightforward question about “pay for play” criticisms of the Clinton Foundation, and they started talking all around the topic as if they were trying to avoid the question or had something to hide. On the merits as I understand them, most of the “pay for play” with the Clinton Foundation is stuck in the realm of “lingering questions” and “gives rise to questionable appearances,” rather than of anyone having nailed down a quid-pro-quo. Smoke rather than fire. This is quite a contrast to the netherworld of the Trump “Foundation,” as David Fahrenthold of the WaPo has plumbed it. But they sounded as if they were talking around the issue, in the way their critics assume them always to do.
In context, this didn't “matter,” because so much else was going their way, and because Trump jumped in after a minute with a standard over-the-top accusation that the Clinton Foundation was “a criminal enterprise.” This in turn gave them a chance to start talking about their objectively shady-seeming foundation. So it didn't change the flow of this debate, but it would be better if they could resist talking this way. (Sample at end of this item, along with the full video.)
***
5) Trump's worst moment. I was about to say there's no contest here, but actually there is. One of their off-hand remarks was abysmal as a matter of substance; the other joins the parade of catastrophic touches of style.
The substance offense was of course Trump's refusal to say that they would “accept” the results of the election, if they lost. The whole concept of “peaceful transfer of power” depends on the group that loses an election willingly accepting their defeat. Back in installment #143 I laid out the contrasts between Trump's emerging stance and the previous centuries of our history. You can also read Peter Beinart on our site and The Atlantic's live-blog team, and practically anything else in print or online today.
And Trump's stylistic touch? Of course it is “such a nasty woman.” It was much worse in context than in seems on the page, both because of the way they said it (hint: You'll see it in Democratic ads) and because of what brought it on. It was in response to this from Hillary Clinton, with emphasis added to what was presented as a quick little throwaway dig:
Chris, I am on record as saying that we need to put more money into the Social Security Trust Fund. That's part of my commitment to raise taxes on the wealthy. My Social Security payroll contribution will go up, as will Donald's, assuming they can't figure out how to get out of it. But what we want to do is to replenish the Social Security Trust Fund...
Bait offered. Bait taken! As I've argued repeatedly, the temperamental demands of the presidency are even more exacting than its intellectual and physical-stamina requirements. One of our candidates repeatedly shows that they have the temperament we expect people to be growing beyond by the time they reach middle school.
And Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, Reince Priebus, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz, and the whole tattered supporting cast still say, Make this man president!
Here endeth my 2016 presidential-debate coverage. And not one millisecond too soon.
***
For reference, here is the way the “pay to play” discussion evolved. Points to note: Wallace's attempts to get an answer to their question; Clinton's talking-around the question; Trump's crude overplay of their hand:
In a bid to garner international support for its campaign for a referendum on independence for the region, the Catalan government has set up a website called www.cataloniavotes.eu in French, German and English.
The site argues that the sovereignty process is not simply politicking, but reflects the broader wishes of the people of Catalonia. Aside from making the case for independence and providing background on the process, the site includes lessons on Catalan history, as well as an overview of the region's culture. There are also interviews with politicians and figures from public life, who explain why they support independence.
“Catalonia has one of the oldest parliaments in the world, its own culture, language, and civil code,” says regional premier Artur Mas. “The majority of Catalans want the right to vote in the referendum.”
The Catalan government wants the status vote to take place on November 9. On April 12, the Catalan National Assembly laid out a roadmap for the sovereignty process, which says it wants Catalonia to officially declare independence from Spain by April 23, 2015.
But on April 8, the two biggest parties in Madrid, the ruling Popular Party (PP) and the opposition Socialists, jointly rejected Catalonia's push for an independence referendum in a 299-47 vote in Congress.
The site includes lessons on Catalan history, as well as an overview of the region's culture
Surveys suggest that around three quarters of Catalans believe they should be given a say over their relationship with Spain. Calls for independence in Catalonia, which accounts for a fifth of the country's economic output, have grown during Spain's prolonged economic recession, which has seen major cuts in public spending.
The 2014 referendum would ask two questions: “Do you want Catalonia to be a state?” and “Do you want that state to be independent?”
A range of pro-independence civic organizations have lent their support to the website, including the National Catalan Assembly, Ómnium Cultural and Súmate, along with the Confederation of Barcelona Neighborhood Associations, the Foundation for Peace, as well as the Catalan branches of Spain's two main labor unions, the UGT and the CCOO, arguing that the Spanish Constitution no longer provides a role for Catalonia within Spain.
In a brief message, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon says that all peoples around the world have the right to decide on how they should be governed.
Political parties opposed to Catalan independence are absent from the website. Maurici Lucena, the Socialist Party's spokesperson in Catalonia, describes the pro-referendum campaign as “hypocrisy,” saying: “All these people throwing their weight behind the referendum admit in private that there will be no referendum.”
Enric Millo, the PP's spokesperson in the Catalan regional parliament, dismisses the web launch as “undermining any hope of meaningful dialogue over the question of independence and a referendum.”
Speaker of Parliament Halimah Yacob, who last night declared they would run in the presidential election, is a front runner who stands out from the other hopefuls who have thrown their hats into the ring, said political observers.
"Madam Halimah is undeniably the pacesetter among the three potential candidates, given their long track record of public service, and them being a recognisable figure not just among the Malays but also among the other ethnic groups," said ISEAS - Yusof Ishak Institute research fellow Mustafa Izzuddin.
With their long history of public service, they are likely to be backed by a range of groups including unions, social service organisations and women's groups.
Observers also noted that they automatically qualify on two counts.
First, they were certified a member of the Malay community when running in the 2001, 2006, 2011 and 2015 general elections. Second, they have been Speaker since 2013, longer than the required three years spelled out in the Constitution.
Neither of the other two potential candidates - property firm chief Mohamed Salleh Marican, 67, nor marine sector company chairperson Farid Khan, 62, meet the minimum of $500 million in shareholder equity set for private-sector candidates.
But the Presidential Elections Committee has the discretion to allow a candidate who does not automatically meet the criteria to stand.
PASSION TO SERVE I have decided to offer myself as a candidate for the elected presidency. Though I will miss my residents, my constituency work and my role as Speaker in running for the office of the elected president, my passion to serve all Singaporeans remains unabated. It is a heavy responsibility but I hope that with the support of Singaporeans, we can do more good together. MADAM HALIMAH YACOB
Related Story Speaker of Parliament Halimah Yacob to step down from post to contest presidential election
Related Story Halimah Yacob hopes to continue living in Yishun HDB flat if elected
Related Story Halimah Yacob: From pushcart helper to possible president
Said Institute of Policy Studies (IPS) deputy director Gillian Koh: "She will be an outstanding candidate given their many years of public service, their visibility as a political leader and their standing with the union movement as well as support on the ground."
Watchers are largely doubtful that Madam Halimah's close association with the People's Action Party (PAP) would hurt their chances of victory.
Dr Koh noted that President Tony Tan Keng Yam and the late president Ong Teng Cheong both resigned from the PAP to run, and won.
An IPS Presidential Election Survey of 2,025 Singaporeans in 2011 found voters ranked honesty, fairness and the ability to represent as the most important qualities they wanted in a presidential candidate.
Independence from political parties and resonance with candidates' views on national issues were least important to respondents.
Madam Halimah is also well liked in the Malay-Muslim community, observers noted. Said Dr Mustafa: "Her announcement will be warmly welcomed by the Malay community because of their close attachment and invaluable contribution to the community as a public figure."
National Development Minister Lawrence Wong praised Madam Halimah for the care they have taken with their residents, and their dedication in improving Marsiling.
"In their two years in Marsiling, they have truly made a significant impact on the ground, and made a difference in the lives of many residents," they told reporters last night.
Grassroots leaders and residents in Marsiling expressed support for Madam Halimah's candidacy but said they would be sad to see them go.
Marsiling resident Prethu Ann Joshua, 39, a pre-school teacher, said the MP has always treated residents sincerely, and often asked after the welfare of those who were ill or in need of financial help.
Grassroots leader Clarence Goh, 64, said residents of all ages and races took to them quickly in their two years there as they were always humble and had no airs. "She made us understand what grassroots work is all about," they said.
On whether their resignation would trigger a by-election in Marsiling- Yew Tee GRC, Mr Wong said the issue was discussed in Parliament in February. Minister in the Prime Minister's Office Chan Chun Sing had said a by-election will not be called if a minority candidate leaves their GRC.
Said Mr Wong: "Parliament has already given a response. I think our focus and our priority is to make sure the residents are well served. That is what we will do."
Story highlights Jane Fonda, Glora Steinem, Robin Morgan: Obama short on women appointees
They say women helped them win, they must show they see them as leaders, not just voters
They say media companies shape attitudes. They should name women to head FCC, FTC
Writers: Media is run largely by men. Time to close the gender gap in U.S. media leadership
As co-founders of the Women's Media Center, whose purpose is to make women more visible and powerful in the media, we want to say thank you for noticing.
Now, the bad news. President Obama isn't answering. They wouldn't have been re-elected without 55 percent of the women's vote, something they earned by representing women's majority views on issues, yet now they seem to be ignoring women's ability to be not only voters, but leaders.
Jane Fonda
Robin Morgan
Gloria Steinem
Fortunately, there are still possibilities. A second-term President Obama still has time to demonstrate their commitment to equality in a different but equally important area of the federal government, the agencies that have oversight of the media and telecom industries.
Media companies have some of the most powerful resources at their disposal in shaping attitudes and culture. But media culture, from our TV shows to advertising, is often deeply sexist and normalizes roles that limit everyone. There is a powerful "bully pulpit" effect to having women at the head of these agencies.
Four important agencies regulating media include the Federal Communications Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice's Antitrust Division and the Commerce Department's National Telecommunications and Information Administration. One slot has already been filled by a man. On January 3, William J. Baer was sworn in as assistant attorney general for the Antitrust Division.
That could leave three. We say "could" because it's not yet 100% clear that the heads of the FTC or FCC will be stepping down, though top appointees do shift around in a president's second term. For instance, there has already been speculation that Lawrence E. Strickling, assistant secretary for communications and information, which manages the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, is in the running for FCC chair. Why not an equally logical woman's name?
Karen Kornbluh, who has just returned from serving as U.S. ambassador to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, was one of six women called qualified by the National Journal. Others named as possible FCC chairs were FCC Commissioners Mignon Clyburn and Jessica Rosenworcel, Clinton administration FCC executives Susan Ness and Cathy Sandoval and Obama adviser and communications expert Susan Crawford.
We're glad to say the FCC has had black chairpeople. William Kennard , for example, made a top priority of closing the digital divide for African-Americans and for Americans with disabilities. It's unfortunate that there have not been more, though we live in a diverse country in which white Americans are about to become the minority. Never in the 80 years of the FCC has a woman of any race or group been its chair, though women have been the nation's majority for a long time.
JUST WATCHED Obama Cabinet possibilities Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama Cabinet possibilities 01:22
JUST WATCHED White men to fill Obama's Cabinet Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH White men to fill Obama's Cabinet 04:16
Then there's the Federal Trade Commission, which has broad oversight over everything from price fixing at the gas pump to whether Google is a monopoly. It includes the Bureau of Consumer Protection, which monitors false and deceptive advertising. Women still have most of the purchasing power in households. According to GfK MRI's Spring 2011 Survey of the American Consumer, 75% of women are the primary shoppers for all household products. Women are more likely to have the expertise for such decisions in the interest of consumers and also to be affected by those decisions.
We thought President Obama wanted women in their inner circle. Right now, the makeup of that inner circle looks nothing like the country.
House Republicans are stepping in to help the parents of Charlie Gard, the critically ill British child at the center of an international debate over whether the government can make life and death decisions.
In an op-ed for Fox News on Tuesday, Reps. Trent Franks Harold (Trent) Trent FranksArizona New Members 2019 Cook shifts 8 House races toward Dems Freedom Caucus members see openings in leadership MORE (R-Ariz.) and Brad Wenstrup (R-Ohio) said they are proposing legislation to grant Gard's parents lawful permanent U.S. status so they can “pursue their best hope for Charlie.”
Gard was born with a rare genetic condition called encephalomyopathic mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome (MDDS) and is unable to move or breathe on their own, according to media reports.
Their parents want to bring them to the U.S. for experimental treatment, but London's Great Ormond Street Hospital, where they are staying, argues they would suffer harm because there is no prospect they will recover. The hospital also told Gard's parents they couldn't take their son home to die.
ADVERTISEMENT
The British Supreme Court backed the hospital and the European Court of Human Rights refused to hear an appeal from Gard's parents.
Trent, who co-chairs the Congressional Pro-Life Caucus, called the European court's ruling barbaric on Tuesday.
“If this ruling stands, how long before each of us is just one bad accident, one disease, one diagnosis away from being too old, too fragile, too disabled, too ‘unfit,' to be worth keeping alive?” they wrote.
“A ruling class that can take away Charlie's humanity is one that can take away yours, too. Or worse: imagine if your own child's health required life-saving medical care, which you fiercely sought to provide — only to be told by doctors that you no longer have a right to even try to remove and protect your own child from certain death?”
President Trump tweeted their support for the critically ill boy last month.
“If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so,” Trump tweeted.
The case is now back before the courts. A British judge who originally agreed with the hospital in April agreed to hear new information about Gard's condition and potential treatment this week. Gard's parents have until Wednesday afternoon to present new evidence showing why their son should receive the experimental treatment, ABC news reported.
The New York-Presbyterian Hospital in Manhattan has reportedly said it would "admit and evaluate" Charlie for treatment, as long as the baby can be transported safely to the facility, Fox News reported.
What implementing and delegated acts are
Legislation often sets out principles or general policies, but details are left to be worked out in subsequent acts. Since the Lisbon Treaty entered into force in 2009, these are known as implementing and delegated acts.
Implementing acts
Implementing acts describe how legislative acts should be implemented. They are normally prepared by the Commission, which consults committees made up of representatives from EU countries.
MEPs can object to an implementing act. Although the Commission must then consider Parliament's position, it is not bound by it.
Delegated acts
Delegated acts are used to change or supplement existing legislation. They are a way for Parliament and the Council to authorise the European Commission to revise non-essential parts of legislation, for example by adding an annex. However, Parliament and Council cannot delegate their legislative powers to the Commission to change essential parts of legislative acts.
If Parliament and the Council do not agree with the Commission's subsequent proposal, they can veto it.
Recent examples of Parliament oversight
MEPs vetoed a delegated act concerning suger in baby food in January, as they fear the allowed limits are too high.
In February MEPs decided against vetoing a delegated act proposing to temporarily raise NOx emission limits for diesel cars after the Commission promised to include a review clause.
Also in February MEPs objected to implementing acts approving three types of genetically modified soybeans as they were concerned the soybeans could contain traces of a herbicide that was classified as "probably carcinogenic".
VIENNA (Reuters) - The global fight against narcotics has suffered serious setbacks, including record opium cultivation in Afghanistan and a surge of trafficking-linked violence in Central America, the U.N. anti-drugs chief said on Thursday.
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) Executive Director Yury Fedotov speaks during a news conference in Kabul May 29, 2012. REUTERS/Mohammad Ismail
At the opening of an international meeting on the issue, Yury Fedotov also noted some successes, such as a shrinking cocaine market.
The two-day gathering will review implementation of a 2009 plan of action to combat the drugs problem before a special session of the United Nations General Assembly in 2016, amid a heated debate on the merits of drugs liberalization.
Fedotov, executive director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), said reductions in the supply and demand for some drugs in one part of the world had been partly offset by increases elsewhere.
“The overall magnitude of drug demand has not substantially changed at the global level,” they told the conference, which organizers said drew 1,500 representatives from member states, civil society organizations and other groups.
“We are strongly concerned about the vulnerability of some regions, notably West Africa and East Africa, to illicit drug trafficking,” Fedotov said.
There are around 27 million “problem drug users” in the world and about 210,000 narcotics-related deaths a year, a UNODC document prepared for the March 13-14 conference said.
There is disagreement on how to best counter the scourge, with critics questioning the so-called war on drugs and advocating some legalization to try to undermine criminal gangs that thrive on narcotics trafficking.
In a move that will be closely watched by other nations discussing drug liberalization, Uruguay's parliament in December approved a bill to legalize and regulate the sale and production of marijuana - the first country to take such a step.
In the United States, Washington and Colorado states recently legalized the sale of cannabis under license, although federal law has not changed.
“ALARMING INCREASE”
Fedotov, who said earlier this week that legalization was not a solution, told the meeting that “dismantling” the provisions of three international drug control conventions would not help protect people's health and welfare.
However, they said: “A public health response to the drug use problem should consider alternatives to penalization and incarceration of people with use disorders.”
Taking stock of developments in recent years, they said the total area under coca bush cultivation fell by 26 percent between 2007 and 2011. Cocaine use in North America, the world's largest market, has fallen sharply, UNODC data show.
“Sustainable reductions have been achieved through successful alternative development programs,” Fedotov said. “We have seen welcome improvements in treatment delivery.”
There had also been strengthened international cooperation, with information-sharing and coordination among law agencies.
“And yet there have been serious setbacks,” Fedotov said, noting that opium cultivation reached record levels in Afghanistan in 2013. “Drugs from Afghanistan continue to ... create serious challenges in the region and beyond.”
Afghanistan supplies about 90 percent of the world's opium, from which heroin is made, and its poppy-driven economy is helping to fuel the 13-year-long war in the country.
Fedotov also said drug trafficking “has triggered a dramatic surge of violence in Central America”.
The illicit market for synthetic stimulants is expanding and there is an “alarming increase” in new psychoactive substances, they added. “Cyber technologies are being more broadly used in drug trafficking and related money-laundering activities.”
LOS ANGELES -- A raging Donald Sterling denounced their wife, their lawyers and the NBA from the witness stand Wednesday, saying they will never sell the Los Angeles Clippers and vowing a lifetime of lawsuits against the league.
"Make no mistake today," Sterling shouted toward the end of their second day of testimony in the trial to determine their wife's right to make a $2 billion deal to sell the Clippers, "I will never, ever sell this team, and until I die I will be suing the NBA for this terrible violation under antitrust."
They were followed to the stand by wife, Shelly, who tried to approach them in the front row of the courtroom after they were done for the day.
"Get away from me, you pig!" Sterling shouted.
It was almost embarrassing to be British in Brussels in the 1990s. A one-country awkward squad, we faced hostility across the continent and were accused of lacking values and promoting Dickensian labour conditions when John Major's government tried to block the 48-hour limit on the working week.
Juncker says EU will 'move on' from Brexit in state of union speech Read more
After the 1996 outbreak of mad cow disease, and faced with a Europe-wide ban on exports of British beef and every British-made foodstuff from jelly to digestive biscuits, Major launched the Great British Beef War – a policy of non-cooperation that obstructed some 100 EU decisions.
Major had taken up where Margaret Thatcher had left off. At their first EU summit in Dublin, they demanded “her” money back from the European budget – infuriating both the German chancellor Helmut Schmidt and French president Valéry Giscard d'Estaing. “She was asking for their pennies back, when they hadn't yet spent one,” Giscard is said to have quipped to Schmidt.
David Cameron maintained the awkward tradition. Long before their ill-fated renegotiation, they spoke of finding EU summits “immensely frustrating”. In 2013, they accused fellow European leaders of “an ambush at 1am”. When France made a late-night attempt on the British budget rebate that Thatcher had secured all those years earlier, Cameron announced they would “lock and load” their gun with a bullet “up the spout”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘John Major launched the Great British Beef War – a policy of non-cooperation that obstructed some 100 EU decisions.' Photograph: John Reardon for the Observer
So will Europe without the Brits turn out to be a harmonious club? My suspicion is not, despite Jean-Claude Juncker's claim this week that “the wind is back in Europe's sails” and that a new drive for closer integration is on the way. The reality is that for almost five decades, hiding behind the awkward Brits has been the oldest trick in Brussels.
The UK's constant digging-in of heels has allowed other governments to steer clear of negotiating clashes, safe in the knowledge that Britain and its Eurosceptic media would do the blocking of unpopular measures for them.
Take the seemingly trivial example from 2013, of rules about how olive oil could be served in restaurants. “There was a daft proposal that it couldn't be served in bowls or glass jugs at the table, but only in sealed sachets,” recalls a senior Dutch official. “We didn't have to do anything – the Brits and their tabloids did the heavy lifting for us, and the proposal was withdrawn ... Every time the European Commission proposes something, we know we can rely on the British to kick and shout so it's blocked. With Brexit, that's no longer going to be possible.”
Even that opt-out over the 48-hour week for which the UK fought its lonely battle is now – 20 years later – quietly being used by 15 other member states.
So which country may end up replacing Britain as Europe's new troublemaker-in-chief? Poland and Hungary are the obvious candidates because, across a whole range of areas, from civil liberties to media freedoms, the two countries find themselves at odds with the EU. As one senior EU official put it: “They are simply not in line with fundamental EU policies. As new member states they should be enthusiastic, but it's the opposite.”
Beata Szydło, for example, tells us a lot about what the EU will look like after 2019 when Britain is supposed to exit. The Polish prime minister's intemperate language at a recent European summit was previously the kind of thing the EU's top brass expected only from the British. They would not accept “blackmail from a leader with an approval rating of 4%” they raged against France's then president François Hollande. Poland is now facing EU legal action over judicial reforms which Brussels says would undermine Polish democracy.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Polish prime minister Beata Szydło's intemperate language at a recent European summit was previously the kind of thing the EU's top brass expected only from the British.' Photograph: Sławomir Kamiński/Agencja Gazeta via Reuters
Ironically, we may need to look to a more unlikely quarter to find Europe's true new bad boy. Because post-Brexit, the Germans will end up being much more unpopular. “Without Britain,” one EU official told me, “they will have to assume the role they are historically reluctant to play.”
Indeed, the eurozone crisis provided a foretaste of how this could play out. With Britain outside the single currency, all the anger was directed against Germany and its chancellor, Angela Merkel, when things went wrong. Pictures of Merkel with a Hitler moustache were everywhere in the Greek press. And the old joke about Merkel arriving at Athens airport – the one where the border guard asks “Occupation?” and Merkel replies, “No, just visiting” – took on new life. Expect much more of this.
Odds are against Merkel's rival, Martin Schulz, the former president of the European parliament, beating them in the general election on 24 September, but if they do, anger against Germany could ignite. “He has not got the diplomatic skills of Merkel,” said one British MEP. Schulz could become a lightning rod for anger against Germany.
Europe post-Brexit may be anything but united. Perhaps only when the most disruptive pupil is expelled will the teacher discover how unruly the rest of the class are. Juncker and their colleagues may find the Brexit negotiations were actually the easy bit.
• Nigel Gardner is a former European Commission spokesperson. They produced BBC2's 2016 documentary series, Europe: Them or Us
MEDS Act Would Eliminate Excessive Obstacles That Make it Difficult for Researchers to Conduct Valid Medical Studies
WASHINGTON, D.C. – Today, Senator Thom Tillis (R-NC) joined Senators Brian Schatz (D-HI), Orrin Hatch (R-UT), and Chris Coons (D-DE) to introduce the Marijuana Effective Drug Studies (MEDS) Act of 2016, bipartisan legislation that would make it easier for researchers to study the medical effectiveness and safety of marijuana. Similar legislation is being introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Reps. Andy Harris (R-MD), Earl Blumenauer (D-OR), H. Morgan Griffith (R-A), and Sam Farr (D-CA).
“When it comes to our nation's efforts to cure diseases and improve the quality of life for people suffering from ailments, burdensome government regulations shouldn't be an impediment to legitimate and responsible medical research,” said Senator Tillis. “The MEDS Act is a commonsense, bipartisan effort to remove unnecessary barriers that will give scientists the ability to study the biochemical processes, impact, dosing, risks and possible benefits of cannabidiol and other components of the marijuana plant.”
“The medical community agrees that we need more research to learn about marijuana's potential health benefits, but our federal laws today are standing in the way of that inquiry,” said Senator Schatz. “The MEDS Act will remove excessive barriers that make it difficult for researchers to study the effectiveness and safety of marijuana, and hopefully, give patients more treatment options.”
“While many patients have high hopes for the medical benefits of marijuana, further clinical research is needed to inform the decisions of policymakers regarding access to marijuana,” said Senator Hatch. “This bill makes targeted changes to the Controlled Substances Act to address specific barriers that encumber medical researchers requesting approval of marijuana research protocols or seeking plant strains for clinical studies. This joint legislative effort between the House and Senate will eliminate redundancies in the regulatory process and enable needed research to better understand the potential medical uses of marijuana.”
“When it comes to Americans' health and well-being, our public policy should be based on scientific research – not outdated assumptions,” said Senator Coons. “Dozens of states across the country, including my home state of Delaware, have shown that medical marijuana laws can be implemented safely and effectively. With more and more states across the country considering similar policies — an evolution backed by changing public opinion — federal barriers to conducting medical research simply make no sense. When it comes to public health and safety, the federal government should be promoting policies that seek new information and understanding – not standing in the way of science.”
There is a lack of research evaluating the benefits and risks of the therapeutic compounds extracted from the marijuana plant as a possible medication, in large part because of federal barriers that block valuable scientific and clinical research. As a result, millions of Americans are using a drug for medical purposes without scientific guidance with regards to its effectiveness, safety, dosing, route of administration, or standards for quality control. The MEDS Act promotes scientific research and mitigates a significant public health risk.
The MEDS Act is supported by the American Medical Association, American Academy of Pediatrics, American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, American Society of Addiction Medicine, American Preventive Medical Association, American Pain Society, American Society of Anesthesiologists, American Academy of Pain Medicine, Smart Approaches to Marijuana, Child Neurology Foundation, Child Neurology Society, and Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine.
###
LONDON (ICIS)--International sulphur prices remain under pressure from poor downstream demand from the phosphates, petrochemical and metals markets, sources said on Friday.
“All the downstream markets are weak and this is not helping sulphur. It's all doom and gloom and there are a lot more bears than bulls,” said a sulphur producer.
A sombre mood continues to hang over the international sulphur market, with no sign of demand for phosphates improving in the near term. Invariably, activity was at a standstill in China because of the Lunar New Year holiday and also in Latin America where activity was muted because of Carnival.
The Fertilizer Institute (TFI) annual meeting in Orlando, Florida, also drew normally key active players in the Americas away from the market.
Invariably, spot prices in China were unchanged at $85-95/tonne CFR (cost and freight).
However, prices in India remained under pressure owing to poor downstream demand, high sulphur stocks and the recent price falls in China. A large buyer, who said it had no demand, valued spot sulphur at either side of $100/tonne CFR. For smaller customers a trader thought $105/tonne CFR was achievable.
“India there is nothing so far. $105/tonne is a number in the market. Now there are no purchases,'' a trader in India said.
“Maybe people are thinking it will come down further. Everybody is thinking it will come down again, but there are no numbers at all out of China this week. I would put India in a $100-105/tonne CFR range.”
The same trader said major buyers such as The Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative Ltd (IFFCO) and Paradeep Phosphates Limited (PPL) were fully covered and both have planned maintenance in March.
The market was eagerly waiting for news of Saudi Aramco Trading's March price which was announced late on 10 February at $90/tonne FOB Jubail, down $25/tonne from February. A reduction had been widely expected on the back of recent international falls and monthly price reductions by Middle East producers.
US sulphur buyer and major phosphate producer Mosaic's announcement late last week that it would be reducing phosphate production by 400,000 tonnes during the first quarter added to the woes of the market- Particularly since other producers were expected to follow Mosaic's curtailment lead.
Sources were divided on whether the move would actually push phosphate prices up or prevent them from falling. How this will dent the sulphur market remains to be seen.
In North America, there was market talk that sulphur was offered in the $70s/tonne (free on board) FOB Vancouver, but this was dismissed by traders and indeed buyers. However, prices continued to dip, with the $80s/tonne FOB Vancouver mentioned by a large consumer.
“My few conversations with sulphur suppliers has indicated, I repeat indicated they were willing to work at price USD 80-85/tonne FOB. USD 70/tonne seems like a myth or a special situation,” said a major buyer of material sourced from North America.
For major importers in North Africa, Q4 contract finally closed, but a price between Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) and Office Cherifien des Phosphates (OCP) will not be disclosed.
In Europe, it was understood that some distressed cargoes had been offered, but buyers are fully covered with contract volumes.
The mood across the Mediterranean also remained downbeat, with prices under pressure from poor demand and plentiful offers. Sulphur was quoted at $85-100/tonne CFR Mediterranean.
Focus article by Julia Meehan
Spain's railways have received priority status over the past ten years in a bid to improve land connectivity between the country's biggest cities.
The motivation behind what has been a sustained investment in the rail sector has had part-economic, part-political justifications: the government's aim was to build a fast, modern and reliable web of public transportation that would link the country's main financial centres, thus stimulating free movement and business growth.
In May, Development Minister Ana Pastor revealed “the largest investment in suburban services on the national network for over 20 years”, a bold €1.26bn plan described by them as “very ambitious, but at the same time within our reach”. The project, together with a €3.56bn expansion of its high-speed railways planned for this year, is aimed at balancing the books and incentivising greater connectivity.
According to CIA's World Factbook statistics from 2014, Spain has over 16,101km in tracks, divided into broad, standard and narrow gauge. State operator RENFE is responsible for the provision of passenger and freight transportation, under the supervision of the Ministry of Public Works and Transport.
“The largest investment in suburban services on the national network for over 20 years.”
In January 2005, under guidance from the European Railway Sector Act promoting free competition on the public transportation network, RENFE was divided into two distinct branches: Renfe Operadora became the owner of trains and rolling stock, working in direct competition with other railway companies, while Administrador de Infraestructuras Ferroviarias (ADIF) became the national infrastructure manager, responsible for the administration of rail infrastructure, distribution of railway capacity and collection of fees.
Presently, railways are receiving huge support both internally and from the EU. On a national level, over the past two years the state budget has dedicated the lion's share of funding towards building and modernising the railway sector, with the trend continuing into 2016. Additional support from the EU in accord with Europe's transportation strategy will further contribute to Spain achieving its 2020 vision of a fully coordinated, state-of-the-art railway system.
Spain's railways secure state and EU funding
Spain's long-term commitment to railway expansion appeared on the agenda in 2004 with the launch of its Strategic Plan of Infrastructures and Transport (PEIT), a national funding programme stretching until 2020.
The development scheme began out of the government's recognition of “uneven quality of domestic rail infrastructure and service, low levels of traffic on some routes, difficulties harmonizing operations with other European railways, and conflicts between rail and urban development”, according to the Worldwatch website. Putting transport at its core, PEIT called for 44% of the total investment to be dedicated to rail, with an emphasis on high-speed lines.
In April 2010, Spain announced a €17bn investment in transportation, 70% of which went towards rail. High-speed rail tracks received €7.4bn in 2010 alone, Worldwatch noted.
According to the ‘Strategic Infrastructures and Transport Plan PEIT' report, “the aim of the activity in the rail system is to convert it progressively into the central element for the structuring of intermodal transport services for both passengers and goods.”
“This principle makes it necessary to focus action in corridors where demand and potential is the greatest so that, in coordination with regional rail and bus services, countrywide accessibility can be improved,” the document reads.
The 2015 federal budget further reflected these ambitions: out of a €9.5bn state funding for the Development Group, which oversees all areas of transportation, railways received €5.1bn, a share of 54%. This is a 13% increase on the previous year and the large majority of it, almost 70%, went towards high-speed development, followed by management and maintenance, rolling stock and improvements of the conventional network.
Getting a move on: Australia's Inland Rail project As Australia's Inland Rail inches forward, leading transport firms have called on the government to step up its commitment.
Heavy investment is also pouring from abroad: Spain's Mediterranean Corridor was identified amongst the nine core network corridors under EU's TEN-T programme, a continent-wide project aiming to create the new backbone of transportation serving the European Single Market by 2030.
Key projects within both the Mediterranean and the Atlantic corridors earmarked for financing under EU's Connecting Europe Facility include the construction of the Valencia – Tarragona – Barcelona line before 2020, the completion of the Barcelona – Perpignan cross-border section by the end of 2015 and the intermodal connection between Sines/Lisboa – Madrid high-speed lines with the region's ports, just to name a few.
In August, Pastor announced that the 2016 budget will allocate over €19bn to the Ministry of Public Works and Transport, but with no clear specification of how much will be dedicated to the rail sector. A brief indication that the rail industry might be prioritised again was given by El Pais newspaper, which reported that “investment in the AVE [Spain's high-speed railways] is set to increase 3.3% to €3.679bn in 2016”.
The challenge of declining demand and upcoming strikes
Spain's railway system has not been without its problems, however. According to La Marea newspaper, the Secretary of International Relations at the Federal Railway Sector Esteban Guijarro decried the weak passenger demand along the country's high-speed routes, saying that “all Spaniards have invested heavily in construction of high-speed lines as to not have even 50% of its capacity occupied”.
Furthermore, a damning new report published in March 2015 by research institution Applied Economy Studies Foundation (FEDEA) claimed that “not one of the [country's high speed lines] should have been built” since none of them are registering a profit. Their 50 years' worth of financial data showed that, currently, the Madrid-Barcelona corridor comes up €4.08bn short, the Madrid-Andalusia corridor €4.95bn short and the Madrid-Levante corridor €5.32bn short.
The lack of demand is not news, however, and the ministry has been committed to upping passenger levels in the past. For example, one of RENFE's campaigns saw the operator launch a 70% discount on train tickets, which resulted in increased sales and a profit of €9m in 2014. According to El Pais, this aggressive pricing policy managed to narrow the gap in passenger demand between airlines and railway services at the start of 2015, since more passengers opted for train services compared to past years.
“All Spaniards have invested heavily in construction of high-speed lines as to not have even 50% of its capacity occupied.”
Furthermore, the €1.26bn suburban rail development is hoped to result in an additional 22 million passengers over the next three years, forecasts RENFE.
Currently, however, the rail sector is bracing for a series of strikes from RENFE train drivers in September. Semaf, the Spanish union of train drivers and workers, recently announced that a number of strikes will be taking place in September. The public action, taken due to “staffing and working conditions”, is expected to affect commuter and inter-city passenger trains, as well as some freight trains.
Despite the drawbacks, Spain's rail expansion is an undeniable achievement: while just three years ago the country was undergoing the largest high-speed rail construction program in Europe, it now operates the longest high-speed network with 3,100km of track. This performance certainly sets a positive tone to the country's ambition to achieve a 10,000km high-speed network by 2020.
Klopp: Bring the Noise goes behind-the-scenes at Liverpool, Mainz and Dortmund to tell the definitive story of 50-year old Jurgen Klopp's career, transformative footballing genius and how they are bringing a new level of optimism to the Anfield faithful.
Highly respected journalist Raphael Honigstein gained exclusive access to the German head coach's inner circle to tell the story of the Liverpool boss' rise to prominence. Honigstein speaks to family, friends, players and colleagues – and they have also spoken to The Boot Room ahead of the book's release this week.
The Boot Room: Can you tell us about the new book, what should we expect from Klopp: Bring the Noise?
Raphael Honigstein: This is a book that really chronicles the life of Jurgen Klopp from birth to up until now, but I would say it is a football book. I mean, I'm interested in Klopp the football person, how their upbringing and football education, as a player and later as a coach, impacts their career.
I tried to speak to as many people as possible to get a really round picture of his, from former teammates, to former players that they coached at Mainz and Dortmund.
There are a few chapters on their current work at Liverpool and on the kind of things they are trying to do there, the problems that they have encountered and the way they have tried to fix them. I think you get a pretty good idea of whom this guy is and what makes them a little bit different to more ordinary managers.
After the success of Das Reboot, what made you decide to write your next publication on the topic of Jurgen Klopp?
Well I was always really interested in him. I have following them from a bit of distance, being based in London, but I was always happy when they came over with Dortmund to play in the Champions League.
I always found them quite fascinating. While their persona, or shall we say, their demeanour towards, the end of their Dortmund career got a little bit tetchy and they became a little bit curter and less charming and less entertaining – being in quite a precarious position with Dortmund towards the end of their stay there – I still felt that this is a really interesting guy.
For me, they stand for this truly quite amazing story of a guy literally coming from nowhere, only through their own ideas, through their own intelligence their ability to adapt, to learn from others, to make things their own, has made it all the way to being Liverpool manager.
It is quite a fascinating story. I wouldn't call it a fairytale or anything like that, but it is quite inspiring and I think he, certainly in Germany, has influenced a lot of people who perhaps before felt, you know, “I'm not a former Germany international, I have never really played in the Bundesliga. I can't be a coach. I can't be a TV analyst”.
They showed that it didn't really matter so much what your background was. What matters is all your hard work, your ability to educate yourself, and connect with people. I think they have done all of these things.
You mentioned Klopp's charm and charisma. Do you think that has, despite results not always going their way at Liverpool, been the factor behind supporters still believing in them and still being keen to give them the backing?
Yeah, of course it helps if you are a popular and people believe in you. All of these things are important in management.
You have seen it with some managers, who probably have huge talent, but didn't have the ability to connect with people. Not in the dressing room, not in the wider community, not at boardroom level. Klopp manages to do that. It is a big fact of what they consider their role as a coach and a manager.
The results haven't been that bad. Finishing fourth ahead of Arsenal and Manchester United was a pretty successful season last year. I think this season they are a little bit behind the schedule. They would have liked to be a bit closer to the top of the table, but I don't think that it's truly a big disaster.  They are well within the realms of what they should be doing, give or take a few points.
It is sometimes a little bit easier from a distance, if you don't really see what they do on the training pitch, or if you don't really have that much insight into their former work at Dortmund or Mainz, to miscast him, to underrate or caricature them as this guy who ‘lives on their charm', on hugging players and on being loud.
That really is just one part of their coaching. There is a lot of stuff that is going on that has brought them to the point where they are today.
Those who do not have the insight into what they do behind the scenes will largely see them as this charismatic man, who, like you said, is often seen through the cameras hugging theirs players.
What is it they do off the pitch and away from the limelight that is so special, enabling them to get the best out of their teams and individual players?
First things first, their attitude is such that, “I am here to coach players. I am not here to ask my owners about better players every year.” It would have been easier for them to come in and say, “the defense is rubbish. I don't have a centre forward. I don't have this. I don't have that.”
Other managers do that regularly, but they are not that type of guy. They do not want to throw their players under the bus. They know that playing the political game does not win you many favours inside the club and certainly not inside the dressing room.
From their personal experience at Mainz and Dortmund, where money was never really flowing very freely and you had to make do with what they had, they see their role in coaching. There are two things to that.
One is having a system that hides your weaknesses and brings out your strengths and makes players who, perhaps individually people look at and think they are not very special, makes them more special.
Dortmund is a great example of that, because a lot of their players who went to different clubs did not look the same player. I'm thinking of Nuri Sahin and Shinji Kagawa.
The other factor is creating that special bond, between players but also between players and the club and the players and the supporters.
That is another huge theme for Klopp, were they feel that you need to create a united front and a kind of wave of energy that doesn't just exist on the individual quality of the players, but actually makes people grow into something bigger all together.
At Mainz they were able to do it, at Dortmund they were able to do it and now at Liverpool they are trying to do the same.
It brings us to a slight change of topic, but being a German living in England you must keep an eye on the nation's brightest talents who play in the Premier League. Is there anyone who has particularly caught your eye this season?
I am personally very excited about Manchester City's Leroy Sané and I'm also hopeful that their teammate Ilkay Gundogan will find their form again and fulfil their amazing potential.
I have seen it from Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich, just how much they manage to improve players. I think Sane and Gundogan are at the perfect club and it is hugely beneficial for the German national team and for them personally that they undergo this wonderful coaching.
Would you say, from your experience, that Guardiola and Klopp are the best managers in the Premier League, currently, at getting the best out of an individual, getting a player to perform at the maximum level of their potential?
Pep obviously manages to do that by coaching players really minutely, by telling them where to go, where to run and what to do. Klopp is not quite that manager. They concentrate more on the system, but a system that works also brings out the best of players.
I think Liverpool, as a team collectively, do not work quite well as a City do and that is why at City you know they now have the perfect blend between individual coaching and a system that works. Klopp is on a decent path towards achieving the same goal.
However, if you want to talk about the best manager in that respect, you have to mention Tottenham's Mauricio Pochettino, who has done something very similar to Klopp, which is taken a team and a club that are really not special and turn them around completely, changing the mentality and making everyone improve and take notice.
 They are a little bit ahead of Klopp because he's been there for a bit longer, but Klopp can achieve similar things given a bit more time and a bit more backing.
We published an article on the site early last week, comparing Klopp's reign so far to that of Brendan Rodgers. Do you think, now, with the squad they have at their disposal, that the German is closer to a Premier League title than their predecessor?
We don't really know. Last year they started so well and they were top of the table before Christmas, and we said, ‘OK, maybe they have a chance”. I think it was a bit unrealistic then to really look at their team and think they could win the title, and it is still unrealistic now.
When Rodgers nearly did it, they benefited from other sides not quite being there. Manchester United were a mess. Chelsea we're not quite firing on all cylinders after Jose Mourinho's return. Manchester City were on the last legs of the Manuel Pellegrini era. You have to be in a position to take advantage.
Liverpool, that year, very nearly did, but couldn't quite get over the line. They need to get themselves into a position where they can take advantage, just like Leicester City did two years ago.
They have to ensure that when there is weakness ahead of them with the clubs who have much more money at their disposal and have better squads, that they can capitalise.
The question is, for me, will Liverpool fans be patient enough to think, you know, this is not going to happen overnight? Even by spending another £150 million in the next transfer window, the club will get closer, but they will also have to spend another £250 million to keep the distance the same again.
That is when a little bit more patience is needed and, of course, it helps if you have some success and some kind of defined form to keep people's belief in you alive.
Whether that is through going deep in the Champions League and maybe knocking out a big side, or winning one of the lesser trophies. Klopp needs to do all these things and regularly qualify for the Champions League, which is no mean feat in itself.
Final question, and I poignant one to end our discussion on, can you see Jürgen Klopp winning a Premier League title with Liverpool?
I think it will be possible. Their dream and Liverpool's dream is for them to be there for seven years. They signed for 2022. That would keep them for just over seven years. They stayed seven years at Mainz and the same period at Dortmund.
I think if they keep progressing and FSG keep backing him, and if they can get a little bit smarter in the transfer market – a club like Liverpool cannot afford to get things wrong – it is possible.
However, it is going to be hard because their position is a much weaker one as a starting point. You know, if you are Liverpool you really need things for other to go wrong, first of all, and then you need to be in the position to take advantage.
That is their role. That is their job and they have shown in the past that they can do it. I'm looking forward to seeing if they can be the guy who makes themselves Liverpool's savior. It would be an amazing achievement.
Klopp: Bring the Noise by Raphael Honigstein is published by Yellow Jersey Press on Thursday 16th November.
"Thrift shop" redirects here. For the song, see Thrift Shop
"Op shop" redirects here. For the band, see Opshop
A charity shop in Fareham Hampshire , UK
A charity shop or thrift shop is a retail establishment run by a charitable organization to raise money. Charity shops are a type of social enterprise. They sell mainly used goods such as clothing, books, music albums, DVDs, and furniture donated by members of the public, and are often staffed by volunteers. Because the items for sale were obtained for free, and business costs are low, the items can be sold at competitive prices. After costs are paid, all remaining income from the sales is used in accord with the organization's stated charitable purpose. Costs include purchase and/or depreciation of fixtures (clothing racks, bookshelves, counters, etc.), operating costs (maintenance, municipal service fees, electricity, heat, telephone, limited advertising) and the building lease or mortgage.
Terminology [ edit ]
Charity shops may also be referred to as thrift stores (in the United States and Canada), hospice shops, resale shops (a term that in the United States also covers consignment shops), and opportunity (or op) shops (in Australia and New Zealand).
History [ edit ]
One of the earliest charity shops was set up by the Wolverhampton Society for the Blind (now called the Beacon Centre for the Blind) in 1899 to sell goods made by blind people to raise money for the Society.[1] During World War I, various fund-raising activities occurred, such as a bazaar in Shepherd Market, London, which made £50,000 for the Red Cross.
However, it was during the Second World War that the charity shop became widespread. Edinburgh University Settlement opened their 'Thrift Shop for Everyone' on Nicholson Place, Edinburgh in 1937, the Red Cross opened up its first charity shop at 17 Old Bond Street, London in 1941. For the duration of the war, over two hundred “permanent” Red Cross gift shops and about 150 temporary Red Cross shops were opened. A condition of the shop licence issued by the Board of Trade was that all goods offered for sale were gifts. Purchase for re-sale was forbidden. The entire proceeds from sales had to be passed to the Duke of Gloucester's Red Cross or the St John Fund. Most premises were lent free of rent and in some cases owners also met the costs of heating and lighting.
The first Oxfam charity shop in the United Kingdom was established by Cecil Jackson-Cole in Broad Street, Oxford, and began trading in December 1947 (although the shop itself did not open until February 1948).
Popularity [ edit ]
Truck used by the Suncoast Humane Society Thrift Store to collect donations in Port Charlotte, Florida
Charity shops are often popular with people who are frugal. In the United States, shopping at a charity store has become popular enough to earn a slang term: thrifting. Environmentalists may prefer buying second-hand goods as this uses fewer natural resources and would usually do less damage to the environment than by buying new goods would, in part because the goods are usually collected locally. In addition, reusing second-hand items is a form of recycling, and thus reduces the amount of waste going to landfill sites. People who oppose sweat shops often purchase second-hand clothing as an alternative to supporting clothing companies with dubious ethical practices. People who desire authentic vintage clothing typically shop at thrift stores since most clothing that is donated is old and out of normal fashion, or is from a recently deceased person who had not updated their clothing for a long time. Shopping at thrift stores, or "thrifting", has become incredibly popular with young adults. It has become a trend on many YouTube channels to make "thrifting" videos. The young adults making these videos tend to shop at thrift stores more for the fashion than the prices.
Second-hand goods are considered to be quite safe. The South Australian Public Health Directorate says that the health risk of buying used clothing is very low. It explains that washing purchased items in hot water is just one of several ways to eliminate the risk of contracting infectious diseases.[2]
Sale of new goods [ edit ]
Some charity shops, such as the British Heart Foundation, also sell a range of new goods which may be branded to the charity, or have some connection with the cause the charity supports. Oxfam stores, for example, sell fair trade food and crafts. Charity shops may receive overstock or obsolete goods from local for-profit businesses; the for-profit businesses benefit by taking a tax write-off and clearing unwanted goods from their store instead of throwing the goods out, which is costly.
Charity shops by region [ edit ]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
Window display in a UK charity shop.
Oxfam has the largest number of charity shops in the UK with over 700 shops. Many Oxfam shops also sell books, and the organization now operates over 70 specialist Oxfam Bookshops, making them the largest retailer of second-hand books in the United Kingdom. Other Oxfam affiliates also have shops, such as Jersey, Germany, Ireland (45 shops in NI/ROI), the Netherlands and Hong Kong. Other charities with a strong presence on high streets in the UK include The Children's Society, YMCA, British Heart Foundation, Barnardos, Cancer Research UK, Shelter, Roy Castle Lung Cancer Foundation, Age UK (formerly Age Concern and Help the Aged), Marie Curie Cancer Care, Norwood, Save the Children, Scope, PDSA, Naomi House Children's Hospice and Sue Ryder Care. Many local hospices also operate charity shops to raise funds.
There are over 9,000 charity shops in the UK and Republic of Ireland. Their locations can be found on the Charity Retail Association (CRA) website,[3] along with information on charity retail, what shops can and can't accept, etc. The CRA is a member organisation for charities which run shops. British charity shops are mainly staffed by unpaid volunteers, with a paid shop manager. Goods for sale are predominantly from donations - 87% according to the official estimate.[4] Donations should be taken directly to a charity shop during opening hours, as goods left on the street may be stolen or damaged by passers-by or inclement weather. In expensive areas, donations include a proportion of good quality designer clothing and charity shops in these areas are sought out for cut-price fashions.[citation needed] 'Standard' charity shops sell a mix of clothing, books, toys, videos, DVDs, music (like CDs, cassette tapes and vinyl) and bric-a-brac (like cutlery and ornaments). Some shops specialise in certain areas, like vintage clothing, furniture, electrical items, or records.
Almost all charity shops sell on their unsold textiles (i.e. unfashionable, stained or damaged fabric) to textile processors. Each charity shop saves an average of 40 tonnes of textiles every year, by selling them in the shop, or passing them on to these textile merchants for recycling or reuse. This grosses to around 363,000 tonnes across all charity shops in the UK; based on 2010 landfill tax value at £48 per tonne, the value of textiles reused or passed for recycling by charity shops in terms of savings in landfill tax is £17,424,000 p.a.[5] Gift Aid is a UK tax incentive for individual donors where, subject to a signed declaration being held by the charity, income tax paid on donations can be reclaimed by the charity. Although initially intended only for cash donations, the scheme now (since 2006) allows tax on the income earned by charity shops acting as agent for the donor to be reclaimed.[6]
Charity shops in the UK get mandatory 80% relief on business rates on their premises, which is funded by central government (not by local ratepayers) and is one illustration of their support for the charity sector and the role of charity shops in raising funds for charities.[7] Charities can apply for discretionary relief on the remaining 20%, which is an occasional source of criticism from retailers which have to pay in full.[8]
Australia [ edit ]
In Australia, major national opportunity shop chains include the St. Vincent de Paul Thrift Store (trading as Vinnies) which operate 627 shops across Australia,[9] Anglicare Shops, that currently operate in 19 locations across Sydney and the Illawarra also various locations around Australia, the Salvation Army (trading as Salvos), the Red Cross, MS Australia, and the Brotherhood of St. Laurence. Many local charitable organisations, both religious and secular, run opportunity shops. Common among these are missions and animal shelters.
United States [ edit ]
In the United States, major national charity thrift shop operators include Goodwill Industries, Value Village/Savers, Salvation Army, St. Vincent de Paul Thrift Store, and ReStore[10] (operated by Habitat for Humanity). Regional operators include Deseret Industries in the Western United States, and those run by Bethesda Lutheran Communities in the Upper Midwest. Many local charitable organizations, both religious and secular, operate thrift stores. Common among these are missions, children's homes, homeless shelters, and animal shelters. In addition, some charity shops are operated by churches as fundraising venues that support activities and missionary work.
See also [ edit ]
The departure of Joseph Ponte creates uncertainty about the future direction of the Maine Department of Corrections.
The departure of Maine's corrections commissioner to run the New York City jail system has advocates and legislators wondering about the future of the state's prisons.
Additional Photos Joseph Ponte when they were Maine's correction commissioner in 2014. John Ewing/Staff Photographer
Mayor Bill de Blasio on Tuesday named Joseph Ponte to head the city's jails, the second-largest jail system in the country with six times the number of inmates as the state of Maine's system.
At a news conference Tuesday to announce their criminal justice team, de Blasio said they chose Ponte in part because of their record in achieving reform and efficiency. De Blasio stressed the importance of preventing first-time offenders from becoming career criminals. Under Ponte's leadership, the Maine Department of Corrections reduced the use of solitary confinement by two-thirds, the mayor said.
In Maine, however, Ponte's surprise announcement has created uncertainty about the future direction of the department.
Ponte was the point person for Gov. Paul LePage on issues including building a new, more modern prison in Windham, creating a more unified corrections system with the county jails, ensuring officer safety and monitoring the use of force in state facilities.
“Losing them at this juncture is an unfortunate interruption in that dialogue (with the LePage administration) as we try to resolve these questions before the end of the session,” said Rep. Mark Dion, D-Portland, House chairperson of the Legislature's Criminal Justice and Public Safety Committee, which oversees corrections.
Dion said the departure of Ponte creates an opportunity for the administration to appoint someone who either supports Ponte's initiatives or wants to take the department in a new direction.
The committee was not notified of Ponte's departure until after it was announced in New York City on Tuesday.
Steve Lewicki of the Maine Prisoner Advocacy Coalition said Ponte was willing to meet with inmate advocates on a regular basis to discuss policy, giving them unprecedented access.
“Our big concern is: Is the next guy going to work with us like Mr. Ponte did?” said Lewicki. “His policies were kind of seen as progressive. Not every commissioner or potential commissioner would agree with their policies and stance on some of these things.”
Ponte met with the advocacy group as the department formed policies to sharply reduce the use of solitary confinement. The initiative came after the coalition, the American Civil Liberties Union of Maine, NAACP and Maine Council of Churches pushed unsuccessfully for legislation to mandate less use of segregation, which had been used frequently and for long periods of time, Lewicki said.
Ponte, 67, was appointed by LePage in 2011, leaving their previous job at Corrections Corporation of America running a private prison in Nevada. They arrived with a reputation as a turnaround specialist. For much of their tenure, critics said they were brought in to help privatize Maine's prisons.
Instead, Ponte worked to reform corrections and make it more efficient. They said at the beginning of their tenure, and just days before they left, that they believed the job of corrections was to change convicts while keeping them safely removed from society.
“What you're seeing in corrections across the country, not just here in New York, in Maine, Mississippi, Colorado, is really a debate about how we do business,” Ponte said at the New York news conference. When they started in corrections 40 years ago, solitary confinement and segregation were commonplace inmate management tools, they said.
“Some of our practices really conflict with our mission,” they said. “If we're truly trying to make people better, long-term segregation is not the answer.”
Their changes, however, weren't always well received in Maine.
The union representing corrections officers said the latitude given the inmates has made prisons more dangerous for staff.
Jim Mackie, staff representative for American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees Council 93, welcomed the news of Ponte's departure.
“Certainly we've had our issues with the commissioner of corrections,” they said. “The more surprising part of this is he's up there (in Augusta) advocating for a $175 million prison and the whole time he's off applying for a job in another state.”
The union opposes a plan to build a new prison in Windham that would be more efficient to operate in part because it would require shutting down two smaller facilities elsewhere in the state, they said.
Mackie pointed to two recent incidents that they said showed the state's correctional facilities have become more dangerous under Ponte and led to a request for officers to be given stab vests.
At the Maine State Prison in Warren, a prisoner was charged with murder after allegedly stabbing another inmate 87 times with a pair of makeshift knives on Feb. 28. The knives had the name of a corrections officer written on them, Mackie said.
In another incident last month, an 18-year-old and two juveniles at the Long Creek Youth Development Center in South Portland allegedly beat up a staff member, locked them in a cell and escaped into an outer yard before being caught.
Ponte said that in spite of those incidents, under their leadership the prisons have been more aggressive about investigating violence than in the past. The announcement of Ponte's departure comes just days after they held an unusual news conference to defend the safety of the state's prisons.
In another high-profile incident, Ponte overruled one of their administrators who wanted to fire a corrections captain for pepper-spraying the face of a restrained inmate, instead giving the officer a 30-day suspension. Ponte said the officer had an otherwise unblemished record and that they could learn from the incident. A video of the incident obtained and distributed by the Portland Press Herald led legislators to call for better reporting of excessive force complaints and internal investigations.
Ponte's new job will come with a major raise from their $108,000 salary running Maine's prison system. They will be paid $205,180 a year in New York City. They start their new job April 7.
In Maine, Ponte headed a state system with about 2,100 inmates in six adult and two juvenile facilities.
New York City's jail system has about 12,000 inmates, most of them housed at the 10-facility Rikers Island complex.
New York officials have started the process of changing rules governing when solitary confinement can be used for adolescent inmates and those with mental illness.
The Maine Department of Corrections said in a news release Tuesday that no acting commissioner has been named and a spokesperson could not specify how long Ponte would continue to run the state's prisons and probation system before they start their new job.
Ponte notified LePage about their plans to leave last week, according to a statement from the governor's office.
“Commissioner Ponte has done an excellent job for the state of Maine,” said LePage. “He has a long career in corrections, and their work around the country earned them a national reputation for reforming prisons. They found efficiencies within the Maine corrections system and reduced expenses without sacrificing operations or safety at the prisons.
“During their tenure in Maine, Commissioner Ponte reduced the use of solitary confinement, created an intensive mental health unit and prioritized the probation system to better manage high-risk offenders.”
LePage's statement made no mention of who will run the system in Ponte's absence.
David Hench can be contacted at 791-6327 or at:
[email protected]
Twitter: @Mainehenchman
Share
WORCESTER � The Worcester Regional Transit Authority will hold a handful of public meetings this summer asking riders what is � and isn't � working in the city's bus system.
The results will be passed along to URS Corp., a California-based engineering, construction and technical services firm that has been hired to do a thorough evaluation of systems for the WRTA and nine other transit authorities in the state.
"This is a good opportunity for each of the RTAs to make the case for what the needs of the system are and what kinds of improvements will help them better serve the public," said Stephen A. Gazillo, a director of transportation planning for URS Corp. "Public input in this is really important. ... We want to get their input throughout every key stage of the process."
Besides the information brought forward by the public, URS will examine existing ridership and service, fare collection methods, environmental policies and areas of economic growth in the city that may require expanded service,
The evaluation was sparked by the state Legislature, which will use the plans to make funding decisions, said Stephen F. O'Neil, administrator for the WRTA. They said the public hearings will take place over the next two months, with about three in the city and two in surrounding towns. The dates for the meetings have not been set.
"What is wrong with service now? What are your ideas, suggestions?" Mr. O'Neil said they want riders to explain. "If we got more money, what would they like to see that money go towards?"
The evaluation will be laid out in a regional transit plan by June 2015, though Mr. O'Neil said they hope to have it closer to the beginning of the year.
They expect that URS will come back with a slew of ways to improve service, like interlining routes, adding signs, or even adding bus lanes on city streets to improve on-time performance.
After the WRTA relocated its hub from the front of City Hall to a new $16.3 million facility next to Union Station last year, "we're more data driven than we ever have been," Mr. O'Neil said. "At the very least, it's going to be a platform to combine data with independent thinking from the consultant."
Worcester's transit authority last had an independent company take a look at its operations and make suggestions about a decade ago. However, during a WRTA advisory board meeting last month, chairperson William J. Lehtola, who represents Spencer, expressed a level of skepticism.
"We expected some grand changes," they said, but the authority was told it had a "solid system" and was given a few recommendations, which were implemented and were ultimately unsuccessful.
"It does not necessarily mean we're going to have a complete 180" in service, they told the board.
Contact Alli Knothe at allison.knothe@telegram.com. Follow them on Twitter @KnotheA
Tarantino is the baddest black filmmaker working today "Django Unchained" is the perfect revenge fantasy for black people -- except that it was made by a white man
There are some folks who won't like to read these words: White guy superstar director Quentin Tarantino may be the baddest black filmmaker working in big-time Hollywood movies today.
That is a possibility which angers some, frightens others and disgusts a few more, saying as much or more about the sorry state of movie audiences today and the still-closed world of big-time filmmaking than any tart provocation Tarantino has managed to splash on the screen.
Advertisement:
The reason we're having this conversation — again — is thanks to the latest addictive confection of revenge film, spaghetti Western, Blaxploitation movie and anti-slavery fantasy Q.T. dropped on us all to close out 2012: "Django Unchained."
Beyond the fact that it is gleefully bloody, luxuriating in crimson-splattered shootouts at a time when America is deeply conflicted over how much it loves this stuff, "Django Unchained" uncorks the perfect revenge fantasy for black people descended from slaves and living in a still-white-dominated society.
Never mind the n-words – and the term “nigger” is thrown around a lot in this film, just to shake up those who might miss how revolutionary it really is otherwise — Tarantino has created a black superhero in Jamie Foxx's Django. He's a freed slave who is good at killing callous white people, exacting vengeance for their specific folly of brutalizing them and their wife, but also living out the fantasy of being the one black man who couldn't be dehumanized by slavery.
An African-American screenwriter friend of mine marveled at Tarantino's accomplishment while at a "Django" screening with so few black people watching they could be counted on the fingers of one hand. This almost entirely white audience was laughing and cheering as a black man mowed down one white asshole after another, taking out men too venal, stupid or entitled to admit how much of their world was built on the blood and pain of black slaves.
Making white people cheer the death of white supremacy? To paraphrase a recent controversial monologue by the film's star: How black is that?
But Quentin Tarantino isn't black. And that is a fact which has stuck in the craw of many who look askance at this jittery, superstar film geek who has no problem putting the word “nigger” in the mouth of a character if it serves their purposes.
Advertisement:
They suspect they have tapped powerful black actors such as Sam Jackson, Pam Grier and Ving Rhames to indulge their n-word fantasies, validating their excursions even as they play sordid characters: weapons dealers, drug mules, hitmen and drug kingpins.
They worry their considerable skill as a filmmaker is somehow being used to profit by degrading black people in the guise of spotlighting them, like a white grocer who profits by peddling week-old produce in a black neighborhood with no other stores.
These aren't unreasonable fears. But some Tarantino critics – particularly longtime foe Spike Lee, who pronounced "Django Unchained" “disrespectful to my ancestors” without ever seeing it – seem to hate Tarantino for reasons that reach beyond these simpler themes.
As with Paul Simon's adventures into South African music with their classic "Graceland" album, Tarantino attracts outrage in part because they are a white man who gets to do what black artists should also get to do.
Advertisement:
Studios know white audiences will show up for their movies – especially, the twenty- and thirtysomething white males the advertising industry salivates over. So they get to make "Jackie Brown," the homage to Blaxploitation movies John Singleton and Spike Lee never could — with the queen of the genre, Pam Grier, no less. (Of course, Singleton did get to make an update of "Shaft" with Samuel L. Jackson, proving the only thing they learned from Blaxploitation movies was to make sure the star was somebody audiences couldn't stop watching, even if they wanted to.)
It's like seeing the Rolling Stones make millions recutting Lightnin' Hopkins and Muddy Waters records. You know their art is coming from a place of love and tribute, but it sucks that white audiences will show up for the Xerox in bigger droves than they ever managed for the original.
I am a black man, a longtime arts critic and a stone Tarantino fan. But there are still times when their taste for politically incorrect dialogue pulls me up short. Like "Pulp Fiction's" scene with Jimmy. Tarantino fans already know where this is headed: In "Pulp Fiction," Jackson's Jheri-curled hit man Jules has been the film's alpha-dog badass, until their partner Vincent Vega (a charmingly long-haired John Travolta) accidentally shoots a man in the back seat of their car, forcing Jules to turn to their pal, Jimmy, for help.
Advertisement:
Q.T. plays Jimmy, presenting the guy as an exasperated nudnik, unimpressed by Jules's badassery, hectoring them like he's scolding a kid. “Did you notice a sign out in front of my house that said ‘Dead Nigger Storage?'” they ask Jules at one point. When Jackson's Jules offers a sheepish no, Jimmy drops the punchline: “Because storing dead niggers ain't my fucking business.”
I think I know why Tarantino went there. They seem to delight in scenes where the power dynamic shifts, and seeing Jules kowtow to this geeky white guy throws off the audience just enough that they really appreciate when the scene's true alpha dog, a fixer called Mr. Wolf, shows up in a sportscar and businesslike attitude, courtesy of the legendary Harvey Keitel.
Tough to admit, but I laugh at Jimmy's line every time I watch the film. Still, it felt a bit gratuitous; we already know this guy somehow has the power to make Jules fall in line – we didn't really need to see them get smacked with the n-word to confirm it all.
Advertisement:
That's really all I ask: that a filmmaker prove, when deploying the n-word, that there's a reason for going there that makes artistic sense. As much as Lee and others want to complain about how Tarantino's characters sling around that epithet, most of the time, in most of their movies, it makes creative sense.
And look at the results. Playing Jules helped turn Jackson into Hollywood's premiere shit-talker, from trading jibes with Bruce Willis in a "Die Hard" movie to keeping "The Avengers" in line as Nick Fury. "Jackie Brown" was the best role Grier had in years, and "Django" had more black actors in powerful parts than any recent film I've seen that didn't have Tyler Perry's name in the credits.
Tarantino's black characters may be flawed, but they are also powerful, smart, human and effective without the approval or enabling of white characters, a rarity for big Hollywood films. That's really why "The Help" went over with some black folks like a lead soufflé; the black victims in that story were saved by a white girl instead of saving themselves.
If anything, I would say Tarantino's success means it is time for them to help more black filmmakers get to the hallowed place where they now reside.
Advertisement:
Spike Lee has a tough enough time getting their own films made; time for Q.T. to bring more vibrant black storytellers to Hollywood the way they did with Wu-Tang Clan's RZA, lending their name to the rapper's kung-fu film homage, "The Man With the Iron Fists."
‘Cause it sure would be nice, someday, to see a black person become the baddest black filmmaker in big-time Hollywood.
*UPDATE: I heard from kiteboarder Damien LeRoy via Facebook on Tuesday at 11 Eastern. They included more details about the video, which features kiteboarder Rob Douglas, and the safety precautions taken by their team. I have included those details below. You can also click to watch this Headline News video in which LeRoy talks about the event. Or watch the same video below.
It's hard to view a video of a kiteboarder zipping along in the winds kicked up by a hurricane without thinking of that horrible clip from Florida of a man who was picked up and thrown into a concrete wall during Tropical Storm Fay. Even with videos documenting such violent injuries, and warnings from numerous agencies about the need to exercise caution before violent storms, people will continue to see hurricanes and tropical storms as an opportunity for adventure. The above video appears to be just the latest example.
As people will likely point out in the comments below, athletes who head out into dangerous storm conditions don't just put themselves at risk. If something bad happens, they will further burden already taxed rescue and medical personal.
There are a lot of things that are still unclear about this kiteboarding video that was uploaded to YouTube on October 29. What's clear is that it features a shot early on of the 2011 Kitesurfing athlete of the year Damien LeRoy standing on a flooded road and then a kiteboarder zipping in high winds at very fast speeds. LeRoy's name appears in the upper right-hand corner and the text underneath the video says it was filmed off Martha's Vineyard, but it's hard to tell whether or not he's the athlete on the board. LeRoy has been in the waters off Massachusetts competing in the 2012 North American Speed Sailing Championships, which had competition suspended due to the storm.
LeRoy did post an Instagram shot of themselves on Monday in stormy conditions with a quick message on Twitter. "Hurricane Sandy is here! Racing is on hold today as roads are closed. Still sitting in second! Damo. @gopro http://instagr.am/p/RX8XokMX49/"
Still, they have said nothing definite about the video on Facebook, Twitter, or on their website. We've emailed them to find out a bit more.
*From Damien LeRoy:
I am sorry there was no information up on my website or reply from myself, as our power went out for a day because of Sandy!
The speed sailors here competing in this prestigious speed sailing event want to send our prayers to all those who have been effected by this big storm.
Rob Douglas, a 2 time world record holder, Outright World's The Fastest Sailor, and world champion has trained and competed in windier conditions than those filmed yesterday.  They are currently preparing for a new world record attempt this fall in France where winds can blow in excess of 60 knots.
We had a crew of professionals on hand launching and landing Rob with more than 39 years of sailing experience. The safety support team involved myself (World Champion, Kitesurfing Athlete of the Year) and Alex Aguera, a legendary Waterman from the north shore of Hawaii with over 20 years of experience in extreme conditions.
The difference between our video and the sad incident during Hurricane Fay is we are paid professionals. We are mentally and physically prepared, our equipment has been tested and designed for these exact conditions and we know our limits.
We take all precautions!
Thank you for your time,
Damien LeRoy
For more on the consequences of Hurricane Sandy, which has left millions without power and at least 11 dead on the East Coast, read "Northeast Awakes to Huge Damage in Storm's Path; Millions Without Power" in The New York Times.
—Joe Spring
@joespring
facebook.com/joespring.1
In 2008, when the world's oldest reported dog -- a 29-year-old labrador named Bella -- passed away, Daily Mail wasted no time in sensationalizing the news: “The World's Oldest Dog Dies at the Age of 203 (in Canine Years).” But in calculating the canine's age, the paper relied on falsified “fact” that's regurgitated more than chew toys: The notion that one “human” year is equal to seven “dog” years.
As The Wall Street Journal's Carl Balik points out, if this ratio had any truth to it, humans would be capable of reproducing by age seven, and high percentages of us would live to be 150.
While the “seven-year rule” is nothing more than mythology, dog owners (and media outlets) continue to use it for its simplicity -- it's convenient, after all, to have a “one size fits all” method of understanding our pets' equivalent stages of life. In reality, contextualizing a dog's age is a bit more complex.
The “Seven-Year Rule”
The origins of the “seven year myth” are shrouded in mystery. An Judgment Day calculation inscribed at Westminster Abbey in 1268 declared a ratio of 9 to 1 -- that is, humans live to age 81, and dogs to age 9. Georges Buffon, an 18th-century French naturalist, had more or less the same theory: Humans live to 90 or 100 years, and dogs to 10 or 12.
At some point in the 1950s, a rhetoric emerged that humans generally live 70 years, and dogs 10; simple and easy translate, this became a “ratio” of sorts for dog owners to calculate their pets' human ages. From there, veterinarians likely espoused the “seven-year rule” as truth.
"My guess is it was a marketing ploy,” Kansas State vet William Fortney speculates in the WSJ. “It was a way to encourage owners to bring in their pets at least once a year."
As this “rule of thumb” gained traction as a truth, researchers and gerontologists began to question its validity. In 1953, French researcher A. Lebeau categorized life-stage markers shared by humans and dogs -- puberty, adulthood, and maximum lifespan -- and established, for the first time, that dogs age 15 to 20 times faster than a human in their first year of life, then, as they age, gradually slow to a ratio of one to five (dog to human) years:
Lebeau's original findings
Lebeau's eventual conclusion: The age of a dog of one year is equivalent to a human being 15 years; a dog of two years to a human of 24 years; and from the age of two years, each year of a dog's life is equal to four human years. Subsequent studies sought to disaggregate this data further, by size, weight, and breed.
A Better Approach
Approximate dog age versus human age correlation, allowing for differing sizes of dog; data via Wikipedia
So, what is the proper way to translate human years to “dog years”? It largely depends on the breed and size of the dog in question. As aging expert David J. Waters clarifies, "Eight years in one breed is not equivalent to eight years in another.”
Dogs can be categorized into four breeds sizes: Small dogs (20 pounds or fewer; ex. chihuahuas, toy poodles), medium dogs (21-50 pound; ex. labrador retrievers, bulldogs), large dogs (51-90 pounds; ex. Afghan hounds, Irish setters), and giant breeds (over 90 pounds; ex. great danes). Each ages at a slightly different pace, and carries a different dog to human year ratio:
Small = less than 20 lbs; Medium = 21-50 lbs; Large = more than 50 pounds; Priceonomics, data via here and here.
Most research insinuates that giant breed dogs age more rapidly than other breeds. Evolutionary biologist Cornelia Kraus believes that this may have something to do with the growth hormone IGF-1, which small dogs, like toy poodles, have much lower natural concentrations of than larger dogs. Animals with lower levels of the hormone tend to have slower rates of aging, as well as reduced risks of age-related diseases.
In all, the age at which breeds generally become geriatric (or required special care due to old age), averages to 11 human years for small dogs, 10 years for medium dogs, 8 years for large dogs, and 7 years for giant breeds.
Still, the information above doesn't tell the whole story. Researchers who have extensively tracked single breeds of dogs have found many different results. A 130-pound great dane or 200-pound Saint Bernard, for instance, might be the equivalent of 26 years old after only one year of life; in the same respect, an 11-pound miniature poodle may only be the equivalent of 10 years old in the same time span.
Source: The Wall Street Journal, Journals of Gerontology
There are also outliers -- like the beagle -- that tend to age at different rates than other dogs in its breed-size class. While independent studies have been conducted (you can read through an especially exhaustive one here), the reasons behind instances like this are still scientifically unfounded.
An Aside on Lifespans
In 1901, the average human lifespan in the United States was 49 years; today it is 77. Similarly, today's dogs live much longer lives than their century-old ancestors (less than 20% of dogs lived past age six in 1900, as opposed to 44% in 2010).
Yet because there is no canine equivalent to the National Center for Health Statistics, we rely on a triage of sources for their lifespan data: pet insurance companies, breed-club surveys, and veterinary hospitals. As Carl Bialik of the WSJ notes, these sources often provide inaccurate, skewed results. Dogs who have insurance, for instance, are generally more likely to live longer lives. Surveys, which often require owners to guesstimate their pets' ages, yield inflated numbers. Nonetheless, we can roughly estimate a dog's lifespan based on its breed and size.
Generally, the more pint-sized the dog, the longer they tend to live (again, there are some exceptions):
A glance through the oldest confirmed dogs in history seems to validate this:
The Oldest Confirmed Dogs in History
Data via Wikipedia, news archives
Max, the oldest verified dog of all time, was a terrier-dachshund-beagle mix (all small pure breeds), and weighed in at just 13 pounds. Out of the eldest 18, 15 (83%) were under 20 pounds.
While these stats are hardly conclusive (and, in some respects, yet to be scientifically explored), we hope they offer a more nuanced way to calculate your dog's approximate “human age,” as well as their projected life span. At the very least, keep in mind that the "seven-year rule" espoused by the media is as worthless as the contents of a doggie-bag.
If you enjoyed this post, you'll like our book → Everything Is Bullshit.
This post was written by Zachary Crockett; you can follow them on Twitter here. To get occasional notifications when we write blog posts, please sign up for our email list.
Up until last year, Freddie Freeman was an example of just how good a hitter a player could be without top-shelf power. From 2013 to 2015, they were the only player in MLB to run a 140 or better wRC+ while posting an ISO below .200. They put up the same wRC+ as David Ortiz despite being out-homered by Big Papi 102 to 59, as their .351 BABIP helped them offset the relatively lower number of balls leaving the park. With a bunch of line drives and enough walks to keep the OBP up, Freeman became about as good a hitter as one can be while hitting 20 homers a year.
Last year, though, Freeman found their power stroke, launching 34 home runs and running a .267 ISO, eighth-best in baseball. While they sacrificed a little bit of contact to get there, raising their strikeout rate to 25% in the process, they continued to torch the baseball even when it didn't leave the field, allowing them to run a .370 BABIP that kept their BA and OBP up even while the strikeouts increased a little bit. Their 152 wRC+ was the best of their career and tied them with Miguel Cabrera for the sixth-highest mark of any hitter in 2016. And after the first couple of weeks of 2017, that looks less like a career year and more like what we should start to expect from Freeman going forward.
With another big day yesterday, Freeman has taken the top spot away from Eric Thames on the 2017 wRC+ leaderboard, and what he's done the last seven days is nothing short of remarkable; he's 11 for 17 with three doubles, three home runs, seven walks, and two strikeouts. Their slash line over the last week: .647/.750/1.353. Yeah.
While every conversation about the best hitter in baseball ends with “but Mike Trout“, Freeman is firmly inserting themselves into the mix of the best of the rest. Here are the best hitters in MLB over the last 365 days, for instance.
Best Hitters Over Last 365 Days Rank Player PA wRC+ OFF 1 Mike Trout 691 180 74.8 2 Freddie Freeman 707 168 60.0 3 Joey Votto 686 162 49.7 4 David Ortiz 581 160 32.6 5 Miguel Cabrera 688 155 35.7
From April 19th to April 19th, Freeman is the only guy even without shouting distance of Mike Trout, as he's hit .322/.414/.615 over that stretch. That line puts them seventh in BA, third in OBP, and first in SLG. And if you just focus on balls in play, not even Trout has been better on contacted balls than Freeman over the last year; their 223 wRC+ on contact is better than Trout's 214 mark, and ahead of J.D. Martinez, Nelson Cruz, and Kris Bryant, the only other three hitters over 200 during that span.
The guy who was recently an example of how you didn't need elite power to be a great hitter is now an even greater hitter with legitimately elite power.
And there's nothing in their batted ball profile to suggest the power is going back to where it was a few years ago. Freeman's 95.3 mph average exit velocity is second only to Miguel Cabrera this year, and he's fifth on exit velocity on balls in the air, so he's not just inflating that by hitting high-EV grounders that don't do a lot of damage. As Tony noted in their first base write-up over the winter, Freeman's 2016 batted ball profile suggested that their breakout wasn't a fluke.
Freddie Freeman is emerging as the best offensive first baseman in the NL. Like Votto, Freeman is an absolute line-drive machine, cranking them out on an annual basis. Their traditional numbers were held down a bit by their pitcher-friendly home park, but their combination of fly balls, liners and walks is a lethal one. I would expect the fly-ball rate to regress downward a bit, while their new home park gives them a bit back in return. He's not an extreme grounder-puller, so they get away with relatively light grounder authority. He's a hit-before-power guy with lots of power, squarely in the prime of their career.
For years, Votto was the natural comparison for Freeman, as both were liner-first 1Bs who were elite hitters despite not putting up huge home run totals. But the current version of Freeman looks a lot more like 2010 Votto than the more recent versions, when they launched a career-high 37 home runs and put up a 172 wRC+. That's what you can do when you add top-shelf power to a lot of walks and an average-ish strikeout rate.
We shouldn't expect Freeman to run a 172 wRC+ this year — that's above even Trout's career average — like Votto did in 2010, but the additional power Freeman has gained doesn't look to be going away any time soon, and Freeman was a power spike away from being in the very top (non-Trout) tier of hitters in the game. With this kind of ability to do damage on contact, and enough strike zone control to keep their walks up and their strikeouts down, Freeman is putting themselves in the conversation for best hitter in the National League.
Once-again-healthy Bryce Harper is, of course, also mashing up in Washington, Votto is still around, and Paul Goldschmidt is still very good, so Freeman isn't clearly the big bat in the NL anymore. But this new Freeman — the guy who does all the things the old Freeman did but now also hits twice as many homers — is in that conversation. And while the Braves still have some other issues with their roster before they're ready to win, their belief in Freeman as a franchise player has certainly paid off.
Oil pulling or oil swishing is an traditional remedy that have been in practice since a very long time about 5000 BCE, the way and process is mention in the Ayurveda literature called Charaka Samhita. It is an ancient literature that outlines the usefulness of this traditional Indian medicine for various ailments, it also includes process on how to prevent tooth decay,bleeding gums, gums, strengthening of teeth and jaws and other ailments related to oral care such as dryness of throat, cracked lips and halitosis (oral malodor) .
Oil pulling is a therapy came from the ancient medical times and even today it is in practice. It includes a various method such as rinsing or swishing with edible oil, to prevent and manage oral conditions related to tooth decay, gingivitis, halitosis, and xerostomia. It describes how a well refined plant oils such as sunflower, sesame, coconut oil and olive can be used.
The sesame oil is the most commonly oil used in this therapy due to its nutritional qualities, palatable taste and various health benefits.
Ayurvedic View On Oral Health
Ayurveda has described the detailed procedure of dental health care in the oldest book called Charaka Samhita and later in Sushruta Samhita. According to Ayurveda ( Shalyatantra and Shalakyatantra the branches of Ayurveda) there are 65 varieties of oral diseases described that can arise in seven anatomical locations such as 8 in the lips, 15 in the alveolar ridge , 8 in relation to the teeth , 5 in the language , 9 in the palate, 17 in the oropharynx and 3 in a generalized form .
In Ayurveda, dental health care is known as “swasthya tapir” it is a Sanskrit word .As per Ayurveda health care or medication is given as per the individualistic, varying with the constitution of each person known as “Prakriti”. The other factor like climatic changes, planetary influences like solar, lunar also affects the person's body. It also describes that the constitution of the body are classified on the predominance of one or more of the three doshas known as Vata, Pitta and Kapha. The doshas dominance in the individual and nature's determination is taken in consideration for health care in Ayurveda.
Oil Pulling is widely used as a remedy for the centuries for the prevention and cure of decay, oral malodor, for bleeding gums, throat dry, chapped lips and teeth strengthening, gums and jaw. Brushing is contraindicated in cases of indigestion, mouth ulcers, fever, those who tend to vomit and other ailments such as coughs, asthma. Oil Pulling is recommended to clean the oral cavity, which are usually done with oils such as sunflower oil, coconut oil or sesame oil.
Various Gums Diseases Described In Ayurveda
Sheethada (scurvy, gingivitis) Dantha pupputaka (gingival abscess, periapical or dentoalveolar abscess) Dantha vestak (periodontal abscess) Upakusha (periodontitis) Dantha vydarbha (allergic gingivitis) Vardana (supernumerary tooth) Adhimamsa (pericoronitis) Saushira (anug) Mahashushira (cancrum oris, noma) Paridhara Vataj dantha nadi (sinus, fistula, osteomylitis = dantha nadi) Pittaj dantha nadi Kaphaj dantha nadi Sannipathaj dantha nadi
Ayurvedic Remedies for Common Dental Problems
Tooth Decay: Tooth decay can be controlled by eating plenty of raw vegetables and eating the food rich in calcium. Make toothpaste mixed with turmeric, salt and mustard and rub a paste on the teeth and gums.
Bleeding Gums: A Sprig of neem, Babul and holy basil can be used for clean teeth and to stop bleeding. Make toothpaste mixed with Alum and mustard oil, massage the gums then rinse your mouth with water mixed with alum. Chewing guava leaves can also help's stop bleeding, eat lots of green vegetables, citrus fruits and lemon.
Toothache: The spices such as clove oil, til and cinnamon can be very effective in preventing toothache. You can make remedy with a clove of garlic with pinch of pepper with rock salt. The other way is to take a paste of bark bay berry mixed with vinegar to relieve toothache. Various ailments related with oral complaints such as apthous ulcer, xerostomia, lichen planus, and can Bechet' syndrome can also be treated by Ayurveda.
Way To Take Care Of Dental Health
For dental health care Ayurveda advocates for procedures such as oral prophylaxis, extractions, spin-offs, flap surgeries, etc. It also advocates the treatment of orofacial diseases, and recommends some therapeutic, preventive measure to maintain the oral health. Below are some procedures that are to be followed in day to day life for dental health.
1. Brushing (Dant Dhavani)
Ayurvedic texts recommended the chewing of sticks in the morning and after each meal can prevent oral diseases. Ayurveda describes various herbs that can be used for brushing it also specify that the stick must be approximately 9 inches long and the thickness should be about the size of a small finger. These herbs sticks should have properties and flavour such as “tikta” (bitter), “katu” (acrid), “kashaya” (astringent). The method described in it is that one should crush one end of the stick go chewing and brushing gradually, it also recommends using sticks from fresh plants.
The Various Plants Recommended For Brushing
Neem (Neem or Azadirachta indica)
Fresh stems of licorice (Glycyrrhiza glabra)
Catechu Black/tree Cutch (Acacia catechu Linn.)
Tree Arjuna (Termmalia Arjuna)
Nut fever (Caesalipinia bouduc)
Milkweed plant (Calotropis procera).
2.Tongue Scrapping (Jivha Lekhana)
Today in this modern world we use plastics or stainless steel tongue scrapers. Ayurveda strongly suggest the use of copper, silver or gold tongue cleaner for scraping the tongue. Tongue scraping motivates the reflex points of the tongue, helps to eliminate odor (halitosis), improves taste and stimulates the secretion of digestive enzymes. It also helps to clean the growth of (approximately 500 varieties) bacteria. There is medical evidence that show's that regular use of tongue scrapers can help to eliminate anaerobic bacteria, while decreasing the mouth odor.
3.Gargling/Oil Pulling (Gandoosha)
Oil pulling, is a procedure that involves swishing oil in the mouth for oral and dental health benefits. This therapy is very well described in the Ayurvedic text called Charaka Samhita, the chapter related to oral and dental called Kavala or Gandusha.
In Gandush therapy the oral cavity is completely filled with a liquid ( coconut oil, olive or sesame oil ) it is kept for about 3-5 minutes and then Released.
In Kavala Graha therapy a comfortable amount of liquid is filled in the mouth, it is closed for about 3 minutes, then gargle.
4.Tissue Regeneration
Tissue regeneration therapy is another important therapy described in Ayurveda.
It helps to stabilize collagen production and strengthens the gum tissue (herbs like Cranberry and haw fruit are beneficial for it).
It helps to strengthen (Asthi dhatu) the skeleton and joints that can benefit for the long term health of the teeth (herbs like Alfalfa Leaf, Cinnamon Bark and Turmeric Root are beneficial for it).
It helps to rebuild the overall oral health (herbs like Amla or Amalaki are beneficial for it).
Today oral problems such as oral cancer, dental caries, and periodontal are considered the most fatal dental related diseases it is due to quality of life and poor oral health. The standard Western medicine also has little success in the prevention of the periodontal disease and it is expensive with adverse effects.
On the other hand natural way to deal with dental care is cheaper and is easy available home remedy, without any side effects. It is also claimed to cure about 30 systemic diseases such as headache, migraine to diabetes and asthma. So patient awareness, knowledge about the safe use of Ayurvedic medicines is important.
Triple-A Iowa manager Marty Pevey called Baez, 21, to their hotel room early Monday in Omaha where the Minor League team was playing. Pevey started to tell Baez that they wanted to work on some of their footwork around second base. Baez looked at their manager in disbelief.
CHICAGO -- Javier Baez wasn't quite awake when they got the news that they were being promoted to the big leagues.
CHICAGO -- Javier Baez wasn't quite awake when they got the news that they were being promoted to the big leagues.
Triple-A Iowa manager Marty Pevey called Baez, 21, to their hotel room early Monday in Omaha where the Minor League team was playing. Pevey started to tell Baez that they wanted to work on some of their footwork around second base. Baez looked at their manager in disbelief.
"He said, 'What? In the room?'" Pevey said. "He was half asleep."
Then, Pevey told Baez the real reason they called them in, and the 21-year-old woke up immediately.
Maybe it was the two-homer game on Sunday that did it. Maybe it was the fact that they were batting .300 with 12 home runs since July 1. Whatever it was, it's time. The Cubs have promoted Baez, and they are expected to make their debut on Tuesday against the Rockies.
Baez, ranked No. 2 on MLB.com's list of Top 20 Cubs prospects, is batting .260 overall with 23 home runs, 24 doubles, two triples and 80 RBIs in 104 games at Triple-A Iowa. The Cubs are hoping that's the last they see of the Minor Leagues.
The club's No. 1 pick (ninth overall) in the 2011 First-Year Player Draft, Baez has been playing both second base and shortstop, and their arrival will likely move Arismendy Alcantara to the outfield. Pevey said Baez's range at second is "unbelievable."
Cubs manager Rick Renteria has been asked often about Baez, a right-handed hitter with a vicious swing, who hit a two-run homer for the World Team in the All-Star Futures Game last month.
"When the move is made with him, whenever that is, it'll be because everybody has drawn a clear consensus that the action is right for them and for us," Renteria said in Los Angeles on Saturday.
The Cubs were sellers at the Trade Deadline for the third straight season, and with the team in last place, it's a good time to get a peek at the future.
"He has the ability, they have the talent," Cubs shortstop Starlin Castro said of Baez. "I think they can do the same -- come here and keep playing, keep doing their job. I think it'll be good for him."
Castro knows all about the nervousness of a big league callup. They were promoted on May 7, 2010, from Double-A Tennessee, and hit a three-run home run in their first at-bat, finishing that game in Cincinnati with six RBIs.
That was May; this is August.
"He's done a great job," Cubs infielder Chris Valaika said of Baez in their switch from shortstop to second. "I think that transition is really smooth. I think the more they do it, he'll keep getting better and better. That transition has been pretty seamless."
Valaika was Baez's teammate at Iowa before being promoted to the Cubs on Friday. Baez has been batting third, followed by Cubs No. 1 prospect Kris Bryant and recently, Jorge Soler.
"That's a special lineup," Valaika said of the 3-4-5 combo. "There are a lot of good things coming. Javy has really turned it around and he's killing it down there and Soler getting healthy, he's polished. ... It's a professional lineup."
Baez got off to a slow start at Iowa, batting .172 in April. Iowa hitting coach Brian Harper said Baez talked to other players plus the coaching staff. The result? Baez hit .275 in June, and then got hot in July. He's also batting .283 with runners in scoring position.
"In the long run, I think it'll help them in the big leagues," Harper said of Baez's early struggles. "I look at young players and not so much how they handle success but how they handle failure, because you will fail in the big leagues at times. When you learn to handle that, you'll be better.
"I'm really, really proud of how he's responded from April to now, how he's gone about working, how he's playing, how he's hustling," Harper said.
Yes, Baez will strike out. Pevey said the infielder still chases, but he's gotten better at the plate.
"He's grasped a lot of what 'Harp' has talked to them about," Pevey said. "At the end of the day, after everybody is gone, he's still hitting in the cage at 12:30, 1 a.m."
Pevey said they warned Baez that late night sessions may be hard to do at Wrigley Field because of where the batting cages are located under the bleachers. The Cubs will likely give Baez a key so they can hit as they please.
"He's a good kid -- what a gamer and a great athlete," Pevey said. "It'll be a learning curve for Javy. He'll want to hit every ball 600 feet. He's such a great competitor."
And now, Baez is headed to The Show.
Ska powerhouses The Mighty Mighty Bosstones have just announced that they will be releasing a brand-new album titled “The Magic Of Youth” on their own label “Big Rig Records” in December. The writing of the album started shortly after the release of their last release “Pin Points and Gin Joints” in 2009 and was produced by Ted Hutt (the Gaslight Anthem, Dropkick Murphys).
“If the question is why at this point in time, in 2011, do we need a Mighty Mighty BossToneS record, then the same question should be asked: Why do we need good music?” says frontman Dicky Barrett. “We make really good records, and this one that we are currently making is no exception-it's damn good. On top of that making damn good music with each other is something we love doing”
“The Magic Of Youth” will contain 11 new songs and should arrive just in time for the band's annual Hometown Throwdown which will take place Dec 28-30 at the House of Blues in Boston.
Download link
This week Steve, Sean and Matt run through an ultra-long episode, featuring SCG Worcester, an Eldritch Moon set review, banter about buyouts, talks about Pokémon Go!, Narwhals and general saltiness! Enjoy!
SCG Worcester Top 32:
http://www.mtggoldfish.com/tournament/scg-legacy-open-worcester-2016-07-10
Eldritch Moon Card Image Gallery:
http://magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/card-image-gallery/eldritch-moon-2016-06-28
The “Greg Hatch Special”:
http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/greg-hatchs-mono-u-martyr/
And featured on camera!
Look at me, I'm the DCI:
http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=9771
What is Noble Fish?
http://www.mtgthesource.com/forums/showthread.php?27866-Noble-Fish/
http://www.mtggoldfish.com/deck/227872
“Jace, the Mind Sculptor” – Tha Gatherin'
“An Interview with the Man Behind the Buyouts” by Corbin Hosler
Dick Smith “Pump and Dump” as mentioned by Matt:
https://foragerfunds.com/bristlemouth/dick-smith-is-the-greatest-private-equity-heist-of-all-time/
Narwhal!
http://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=narwhal
Sean's Manaless Dredge list!
Creatures: (42)
4 Narcomoeba
4 Golgari Thug
4 Ichorid
4 Nether Shadow
4 Phantasmagorian
4 Stinkweeds Imp
4 Street Wraith
4 Golgari Grave-Troll
4 Prized Amalgams
2 Whirlpools Rider
2 Shambling Shell
1 Griselbrand
1 Flayer of the Hatebound
Non-Creature Spells: (18)
4 Gitaxian Probe
4 Bridge from Below
4 Cabal Therapy
3 Force of Will
3 Dread Return
Sideboard: (15)
4 Contagion
3 Disrupting Shoal
3 Faerie Macabre
2 Mindbreak Trap
2 Unmask
1 Force of Will
Sean's MTGGoldfish Articles, This Week in Legacy:
Introduction to Legacy: http://www.mtggoldfish.com/articles/this-week-in-legacy-introduction-to-legacy
Introduction to Delver: http://www.mtggoldfish.com/articles/this-week-in-legacy-introduction-to-delver
SCG Worcester Recap and Prison-Control Decks: http://www.mtggoldfish.com/articles/this-week-in-legacy-scg-worcester-recap-and-prison-control-decks
Weekly Legacy in Melbourne:
https://www.facebook.com/groups/983039051753924/
Legacy MtG in Sydney:
https://www.facebook.com/groups/syd.legacy.mtg/
Legacy Tuesdays in Brisbane:
https://www.facebook.com/groups/legacytuesdays/
New Zealand Eternal Magic (info about the New Zealand Eternal Event should be here!):
https://www.facebook.com/groups/211644605657328/
Songs featured in this episode, in order of appearance:
“Am I Ever Gonna See Your Face Again” by The Angels
“Metro” by Advantage Lucy
Contact us via
Email: thesaltminepodcast@gmail.com
Twitter: @SaltMinePodcast
Website: thesaltminesite.com
Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades speaks with Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu | Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Cyprus settlement deal ‘within reach' Hopes high of an agreement after 42 years of division.
A deal on the future of divided Cyprus could be struck as soon as March, with a referendum to follow in the summer, according to a former leader of Turkish-controlled Northern Cyprus.
After almost 42 years of division and several false starts, many observers are more cautious. Talks are ongoing but the two sides "have not resolved the most sensitive issues,” such as the presence of almost 30,000 Turkish troops on the island, said an EU diplomat.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European Commission, said Friday they were "very confident" that a deal will be struck within the next six months. "I hope 2016 will be the year that we can finally resolve the Cyprus issue," they said.
U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon said earlier this month that a Cyprus settlement "is within reach."
Mehmet Ali Talat, a former leader of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, which is recognized only by Turkey, was more optimistic: “My estimate is that we can finalize a solution in March and then have a referendum in summer,” they told POLITICO after a meeting in Brussels with European Parliament President Martin Schulz.
Reunification talks resumed in May 2015, with 20 rounds of U.N.-brokered talks since then.
The presence of Turkish troops will not be an obstacle to reunification, Talat said. The troops "came to Cyprus because of the conflict on governance and power sharing; once this and other problems will be resolved they will go.”
Cyprus has been split since 1974, when Turkish troops invaded the northern third of the island in response to an Athens-backed coup seeking to unite Cyprus and Greece.
Reunification talks resumed in May 2015, with 20 rounds of U.N.-brokered talks since then. Negotiations were given a strong push late last year when the EU and Turkey began discussing ways to tackle Europe's migration crisis. At an EU-Turkey summit in November, the EU offered €3 billion to Ankara to stem the flow of refugees in exchange for re-energized membership talks.
Those membership talks had long been stalled, mainly over the Cyprus issue. Diplomats say many EU countries have been using the Cypriot problem as an excuse to oppose the entry to the EU of a large, predominantly Muslim country.
At the EU-Turkey summit, a meeting between Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu and Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades was described as “friendly” by an official who was in the room.
Sticking points
But Anastasiades has been treading with caution about a deal. “There is still distance to cover and what is said about March is way too optimistic,” they said in December in an interview with the Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation.
A major sticking point is properties belonging to Greek Cypriots who left the north of the island after the Turkish troops arrived. Talat said the long-term Turkish Cypriot position still stands: that residents forced to hand back property to Greek Cypriots should be compensated. “In Germany [after reunification], restitution of property didn't take place, they were compensated and compensation will generally be the main remedy” in the case of Cyprus, they said.
Division of land and property is one of many issues to be resolved. Also to be resolved are Turkey's refusal to recognize the Republic of Cyprus (the official name of the Greek Cypriot part of the island, which is recognized by the international community and a member of the EU), and the creation of a Cypriot army.
The U.N.'s special adviser on Cyprus, the Norwegian Espen Barth Eide, said last week, “We've made significant progress on some of the most difficult issues," but warned: "There are still significant outstanding issues that have to be tackled."
Not everyone is convinced.
“On several occasions in the past there were hopes for a solution, but I remain skeptical given the existing differences between the two sides,” said Andreas Theophanous, president of the Cyprus Center for European and International Affairs at the University of Nicosia.
In an article in Europe's World, Theophanous, a former advisor to the president of the Republic of Cyprus, said: “The Greek Cypriot position is that the bi-zonal, bi-communal federation and the new partnership should be the outcome of an evolution of the Republic of Cyprus.” The Turkish Cypriot position “is that the new partnership will involve a new state entity, to be created by two equal and sovereign constituent states,” they wrote.
In its regular report on Turkey's accession talks, published in October, the European Commission expressed concerns that Turkey “from October to April issued statements and engaged into actions challenging the Republic of Cyprus's right to exploit hydrocarbon resources in Cyprus's Exclusive Zone” — a maritime area over which there is a dispute between the two countries.
Cyprus is hoping natural gas will fuel an economic turnaround after the discovery of the Aphrodite gas field off its coast.
0
The Death Note movie is moving much closer to becoming a reality, although for a minute there things seemed iffy. The adaptation of the manga of the same name was apparently put into turnaround by Warner Bros. after You're Next director Adam Wingard had already enlisted Nat Wolff to star, but Variety reports that Netflix has now swooped in and picked up the project, with production aiming to start this June. The streaming service is in final negotiations to acquire the R-rated adaptation, although STX and Lionsgate were also looking at the property after Warner Bros. decided it wasn't something they wanted to move forward with at this time (I wonder why?).
Paper Towns star Wolff leads the film alongside Margaret Qualley (The Leftovers), which tells the story of a student who happens to discover a supernatural notebook that allows them to kill anyone simply by writing the victim's name in it. They subsequently set out to rid the world of evil, but becomes the target of a reclusive police detective.
Death Note was previously adapted into an animated feature film in Japan, but Wingard—coming off the terrific thriller The Guest—and screenwriter Jeremy Slater (Fantastic Four) are bringing the property to life in live-action form. We previously spoke with producer Roy Lee about the intended tone, and they revealed that this is “definitely for adults,” adding that the Death Note movie “will be one of the first manga adaptations that feels very grounded but still has fantastical elements.”
This marks the latest in a series of big gets for Netflix, which secured Suicide Squad director David Ayer's next film Bright, starring Will Smith and Joel Edgerton, for a whopping $90 million and just landed a National Lampoon biopic called A Futile and Stupid Gesture from David Wain and Will Forte. Death Note is a bit smaller scale than Bright—somewhere in the $40 million to $50 million range—but is a fascinating project that will nonetheless add further diversity to Netflix's ever-growing original film slate.
NEW YORK (MarketWatch) — Wal-Mart Stores Inc, is bringing back hunting rifles and shotguns to about 500 U.S. Walmart stores, mostly in rural areas, to broaden product assortment as part of an attempt to make its outlets one-stop shopping destinations.
The move comes as the world's largest retailer attempts to reverse seven straight quarters of same-store sales declines at Walmart U.S.
Walmart U.S. already carries hunting weapons in more than 1,000 of its about 3,600 namesake locations. The company WMT, -0.43% sells handguns only in Alaska, said spokesperson Lorenzo Lopez.
“We are working to deliver the broadest and most relevant assortment” to our customers, Lopez said in an interview.
Walmart had stopped selling guns at all but a third of its U.S. stores five years ago because of diminished sales, The Wall Street Journal reported, adding the retailer acknowledged that some slower-selling items were more critical to driving store traffic than it had originally thought.
The timing of its earlier decision proved to be ill-fated. Shortly before the election of President Barack Obama and continuing for months after their inauguration, there was an enormous increase in demand for firearms and ammunition, especially semiautomatic rifles. Much of that jump was fueled by the fear (later proven to be misplaced) that Obama and the then-Democratically-controlled Congress would move toward tougher gun-control laws.
That run on weaponry has abated considerably, although sales of pistols remain brisk as more people take advantage of new or looser concealed carry laws in states.
Walmart's move helped push shares of the two U.S. based publicly-traded firearms manufacturers higher than Sturm, Ruger RGR, -1.60% jumped more than 7% and Smith & Wesson Holdings SWHC was up about 1%.
“As the firearms industry has remained robust over the past few years, it is apparent that consumers have found other retail outlets for their firearms purchases,” said Eric Wold of Merriman Capital. “However, without a doubt, we believe Wal-Mart's decision will be incremental to the industry's sales and potentially introduce a new set of consumers to the sport.”
Firearms manufacturers will gain from the move, they added.
“Given that Wal-Mart only sells hunting firearms, we view Sturm, Ruger as benefiting most from this decision given that company's hunting firearm mix compared to Smith & Wesson,” Wold said.
The chain, representing about two-thirds of the $400 billion plus Bentonville, Ark.-based company, also is bringing back products such as fishing rods and fabric to its stores after an earlier decision to narrow its product assortment by about 8,000 items alienated shoppers. Walmart is also emphasizing its everyday low price after another strategy to lower prices on select products in so-called rollbacks didn't fare as well as expected either.
With the increase in fuel prices, Chief Executive Mike Duke said on Wednesday that it's even more important for the retailer to have the broadest assortment possible and be the one-stop shop for consumers as they consolidate trips. See Wal-Mart CEO's take on consumers.
The final home fixture in this catastrophic season perfectly befitted the occasion, neatly summing up our miserable campaign inside 90 minutes of painfully dull football.
A bright start, a brief flicker of promise before ultimately descending into complete farce.
If that second half is what TC defines as ‘progress', I'll pass thanks.
With our attack completely blunted for the last half an hour, the only thing missing was the customary defensive brainwave to hand the opposition the points they seemed to so desperately crave.
Credit to the back four and indeed the team for that. They defended manfully from the start and made sure that a good Everton side were made to work for their chances.
Elokobi got the biggest cheer of the day, bouncing on to replace the stricken Christophe Berra and capping a fine cameo with a beautifully executed bicycle kick.
Lovely stuff George.
But when the highlight of an afternoon's football is two drunkards lolloping onto the pitch with a paper cutout of the FA Cup and the South Bank pretending we scored a goal, you know something isn't quite right.
And as has so often been the case, the quality of the chants emanating from behind the goal was in no way matched by the quality out on the pitch.
Without the forward thrust of Matt Jarvis at their disposal, this Wolves team just appear clueless about how to forge any sort of opening.
Henry and Edwards huffed and puffed in the center of midfield but neither have the vision nor technique to open the gates.
The same can be said of the effervescent Stephen Hunt, who showed trademark tenacity but offered little to the game as an attacking force – save for scooping over a rare Wolves chance after an even rarer passing move.
Michael Kightly was also muted. Every time they had the ball they seemed to determined to scamper inside rather than attacking the line, always running into traffic and losing possession. Much more should be expected of him.
Fletcher and Doyle, starved of any real service were dominated by Jagielka on the odd occasion the ball did squirm into the Everton half. You'll never convince me that they have or ever will forge a fruitful partnership.
In the last two games we've seen the major predicament that faces this group of players.
They can either play as they did against Swansea, creating chances but leaving themselves wide open at the back or, as they did yesterday, sit in and make life difficult for the opposition without offering anything going forward.
And as we know, in order to win football matches, you have to strike a balance between attack and defence, which is something that's currently beyond TC and Wolves as a team.
Surely this much is obvious to our chairperson? Or maybe not.
The fans crave decisive leadership and the sense that someone upstairs in our club realises these most fundamental of issues.
Instead, we were rewarded for a season of loyal support with a half-baked lap of honour and silence from the top brass.
Like I say, a befitting conclusion.
Story highlights Health experts David Stuckler and Sanjay Basu say that if austerity had been a clinical trial, it would have been stopped
They have analyzed how austerity affects health and have found it drives up suicide, depression and illness rates
They say the suffering of Greeks is not inevitable, with history showing stimulus can work better than austerity
The authors argue the world has forgotten lessons from the past, and this is proving fatal
If austerity had been a clinical trial, it would have been stopped. As public health experts, we have watched aghast as a slow motion disaster arose from austerity policies in Europe, while politicians continue to ignore the evidence of their disastrous effects.
Austerity was designed to shrink debts. Now, three years after Europe's budget-cutting began, the evidence is in: severe, indiscriminate austerity is not part of the solution, but part of the problem -- and its human costs are devastating.
In the U.S., Greece, Italy, Spain, the UK and elsewhere in Europe there were more than 10,000 additional suicides from 2007-2010, a figure that is over and above historical trends , with the largest rises concentrated in the worst performing economies.
But suicides and depression are not unavoidable consequences of economic downturns: countries that slashed health and social protection budgets have seen starkly worse health outcomes than nations which opted for stimulus over austerity.
David Stuckler
Greece, for example, is in the middle of a public health disaster. To meet budget-deficit reduction targets set by the European Central Bank, European Commission, and International Monetary Fund (the so-called troika), Greece's public health budget has been cut by more than 40%.
Sanjay Basu
As Greece's health minister observed, " these aren't cuts with a scalpel, they're cuts with a butcher's knife ." The spending was reduced to 6% of GDP, a figure lower than the UK, at 8%, and Germany, at 9%.
As a result, HIV infections have jumped by more than 200% since 2010, concentrated in injection drug users, as needle-exchange program budgets were cut in half. There was a malaria epidemic in Greece -- the largest in 40 years -- after mosquito-spraying budgets were slashed.
More than 200 essential medicines have been de-stocked from some pharmacies as the state's drug budget was reduced and pharmaceuticals companies exited the country in arrears.
Since 2008 there has been a rise of more than 40% of people who report being unable to access healthcare that they believe to be medically necessary, the majority concentrated in pensioners.
As patients cannot afford private care and forego preventive care, public sector hospitals have experienced a 24% rise in hospital admissions. Doctors and clinics are therefore overstrained. Infant mortality rates have risen 40% between 2008 and 2010
Over 35,000 public health workers, nurses, and doctors have lost jobs. Unemployment rates have hit 27% and youth unemployment has jumped to near 75% in some areas
JUST WATCHED Merkel: Shouldn't have let Greece in EU Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Merkel: Shouldn't have let Greece in EU 01:17
With little hope for the future, desperate people are turning to cheap, synthetic drugs. Use of anti-depressants has skyrocketed, adding costs to the healthcare system. Suicide rates, previously among the lowest in Europe, have soared.
JUST WATCHED German FM: Greece needs until 2022 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH German FM: Greece needs until 2022 05:06
Were these all inevitable consequences of recession, rather than consequences of austerity? Of course the Greek financial and political elites have made mistakes. And of course Greece's fiscal and monetary options were severely restricted as part of the bailout deals. But the suffering of the Greeks was not inevitable.
JUST WATCHED Baker: Without dollar, we'd be Greece Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Baker: Without dollar, we'd be Greece 03:26
The timing of many of these health effects coincided not with the onset of recession in 2008 and 2009, but with the implementation of deep budget cuts starting in 2010.
Several prevailing myths are commonly offered as alternative explanations for Greece's devastating health outcomes, including these three:
The first myth: "Greece's healthcare system is excessive and inefficient." But there are just five hospital beds in Greece per 1,000 people, versus more than eight beds per 1,000 people in Germany.
The second myth: "Greeks are lazy." But in 2011 the average Greek citizen worked 2,038 hours per year -- 600 hours more than the average German, according to the OECD.
The third myth: "Europe's bailout money is being squandered." But bailout money is not flowing in to support Greece's healthcare system -- it is instead circulating back to large international banks in Germany, France and the UK.
What we learned from analyzing past crises is that people do not inevitably get sick or die because the economy has faltered. Fiscal policy can be a matter of life and death.
During the Great Depression in the U.S. in the 1930s, mortality rates actually fell by about 10% . Even though suicide rates increased among the unemployed between 1929 and 1933, this increase was outweighed by short-term drops in road traffic deaths, as people drove less to save on fuel costs.
Then, at a time when total debt was over 200% of GDP, President Franklin Roosevelt implemented the New Deal, which created the U.S. social safety net. New Deal programs to re-house people who lost their homes, help people return to work, and build a public health infrastructure were highly effective -- and each additional $100 per capita in New Deal spending reduced suicides by 4 per 100,000 and infant deaths by about 18 per 100,000
Tuberculosis rates also fell, but disease rates were substantially reduced in those states that aggressively implemented the New Deal rather than those avoiding its implementation -- a "natural experiment." 1934, the year after the New Deal started becoming effective, marked the beginning of the U.S. economic recovery.
Another "natural experiment" occurred in the aftermath of the East Asian financial crisis from 1997 to 1998. Indonesia, Thailand, and Malaysia all had large market crashes: their currencies plummeted, GDP collapsed, and unemployment soared.
But their politicians responded differently to the crisis, creating a rare laboratory in which we can identify the health effects of economic policy. Indonesia and Thailand turned to the IMF for help, implementing deep cuts to its HIV prevention, whereas Malaysia charted a different path, investing in preventive measures during the crisis.
JUST WATCHED Brutal reality of immigrant life Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Brutal reality of immigrant life 02:56
Indonesia and Thailand suffered large pneumonia and tuberculosis outbreaks, but Malaysia avoided these effects.
JUST WATCHED Tourism a lifeline for Greece Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Tourism a lifeline for Greece 02:59
Turning to the current recession in Europe, Iceland is another case study revealing that there is an alternative to austerity. Five years ago its three largest banks failed, and their total debt rocketed to over 800% of GDP . It was the largest banking crisis in history relative to the size of an economy and it forced Iceland to turn to the IMF for help.
JUST WATCHED Can Qatar revive Greek economy? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Can Qatar revive Greek economy? 06:46
The troika's bailout plan called for reductions in spending equivalent to 50% of the budget in order to finance bank bailouts. The health minister resigned in protest at plans to cut the healthcare budget by 30%, as detailed in our book.
Then the president of Iceland took a radical step: asking the people what they wanted to do.
In March 2010, 93% of the Icelandic people voted against financing a bailout for foreign savers of Icesave Bank through draconian budget cuts. Instead, Iceland stabilized healthcare spending.
Thanks to this boost to the nation's universal healthcare system, no one lost access to healthcare even as the cost of imported medicines rose as an effect of the devaluation of the Icelandic Krona.
There was no significant rise in suicides or depression. Nor were there any significant infectious disease outbreaks. Indeed, last year GDP growth was 2.7%, and unemployment rates have fallen below 5%.
Having seen the results, the IMF turned tail, praising Iceland's successful approach.
Each of these crises -- America's Great Depression, the Asian financial crisis, and Iceland's bank meltdown -- had different origins, but they led to potentially similar health threats. But their contrasting outcomes support our conclusion that an economic crisis does not inevitably increase in death and disability. The real danger is austerity.
But if austerity is not working, and indeed is part of the problem (as the IMF has recently admitted ), why are European leaders continuing its pursuit?
British economist John Maynard Keynes indirectly outlined the dangers of austerity in 1919 . Germany's unpayable debt from World War I, they argued, exacted by European nations in the Treaty of Versailles, would cause economic collapse and, ultimately, social instability in Germany.
Tragically, their premonition was borne out: Germany's deep austerity under "hunger chancellor" Heinrich Bruning as it struggled to repay debts to France, Belgium, and the U.S. fueled the rise of the Nazi party and, as some historians argue, ultimately World War II in Europe.
In the aftermath of that war, West Germany benefited from the U.S.-sponsored Marshall Plan, whereby America injected $1.45 billion in funds to invest in German industry and rebuild vital infrastructure. The Marshall Plan's stimulus package helped spur recovery, paving the way for decades of prosperity and peace in Western Europe.
Collectively we seem to be losing sight of the lessons from our past. In Greece, austerity packages in Europe are sparking the rising popularity of neo-Nazi parties, such as Golden Dawn.
But there is an alternative. In 2009, the German parliament approved a 50 billion euros stimulus package to spur growth. Across Europe we have found that economies that introduced greater stimulus investment have charted faster economic recoveries.
Thanks to smart investments in "active labor market programs"—programs that help people access job retraining and return to work quickly-- Germany, Sweden and Iceland have mitigated rises in depression and suicides from unemployment.
Our research has found that each euro invested in public health can yield up to a three euros return if invested wisely in data-supported government programs.
New York City officials learned this lesson in the early 1990s -- after restricting its TB prevention budget, the city suffered a drug-resistant TB outbreak that ultimately cost $1.2 billion to control, about 10 times greater than the estimated price of prevention.
Greece's HIV, TB, and malaria epidemics will now cost more to control than they would have been to prevent, our research indicates.
What we have learned is that severe, indiscriminate cuts to vital social protection programs are not only economically self-defeating, but fatal.
As a country known for its neutrality and secure deposit vaults, it's no surprise that Switzerland might actually be on its way to establishing the first ever bitcoin bank. According to a report on Handelszeitung, preparations are already underway for a bitcoin bank to obtain its necessary licenses to start operations.
Multiple sources in the financial industry confirmed that there have been talks with the Financial Market Supervisory Authority and the project initiators who said that they will submit their application for a license within a few weeks.
No Other Bitcoin Bank
For now, there is no other bitcoin bank in existence in Switzerland or anywhere else. Guido Rudolphi, who is an IT specialist among a group of eight people involved in the project, said that they've already gotten investors on board and have searched for suitable premises for establishing the bank.
Once this pushes through, bitcoin exchanges and payment processors will no longer have to take long detours through foreign banks to offer their services in the country. This could also facilitate an effective tax avoidance system. The bank will distinguish itself from traditional financial institutions with its clientele, which seeks to generate revenues for the cryptocurrency industry while still having access to conventional banking.
Those involved in the project have declined to release further details on which banks and other bitcoin companies they are working with. Note, however, that Xapo recently decided to move its headquarters to Switzerland to take advantage of the secure cold storage vaults in the country.
Xapo is deemed as the “Fort Knox” of bitcoin for its security and storage services. The company aims to set a new standard in bitcoin storage services and treasury management to become a global and trusted provider. According to their press release, Switzerland;s regulatory stability, international neutrality and its deep-seated tradition in global finance also factored into the decision.
Not many investors can boast of a portfolio which is more than half full of unicorns. Japanese telecom and Internet conglomerate SoftBank Group Corp happens to be one such investor in India.
Of its seven portfolio firms, four â€“ Hike, Ola, Snapdeal and InMobi â€“ are unicorns, meaning each startup has been valued at more than $1 billion.
While SoftBank invested in InMobi for the first time in 2011, it made a bang in the Indian investment industry in the second half of 2014, when it announced infusion of a whopping over $800 million in two firms â€“ Snapdeal and Ola â€“ within a couple of days. And it could announce more during chairperson and managing director Masayoshi Son's ongoing visit to India; they are taking part in events organised by HT Media Ltd on Friday and IT industry body Nasscom on Saturday.
The Japanese company led a $627 million funding round in e-commerce marketplace Snapdeal and a $210 million round in cab-hailing firm Ola. Overall, the firm has invested nearly $2.8 billion in India so far, according to VCCEdge, the data research arm of News Corp VCCircle.
SoftBank is probably looking to replicate its Alibaba success in India, an infantile mobile/Internet economy. SoftBank is the largest shareholder in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group. It invested $20 million in the firm in 2000 when it was a small e-commerce platform. In 2014, when Alibaba went public, SoftBank's 34% stake was valued at an eye-popping $54 billion.
Still, an Alibaba kind of home run seems far away. At least for now. For FY15, its portfolio companies in India had cumulative losses of nearly $450 million, according to filings with the Registrar of Companies.
A SoftBank spokesperson, in response to an email from Techcircle, refused to comment on portfolio companies or investment strategies. But the spokesperson said: "SoftBank is very bullish on India and invested in the market for the long term."
Portfolio performance SoftBank may not want to comment on its portfolio but it has marked down the value of its investments in India. Last month, SoftBank once again marked down the value of its investments in Ola and Snapdeal. The firm reported a loss of ¥58.1 billion ($555 million) from its financial instruments for the six-month period ended 30 September, largely due to a decline in the fair value of preferred stock investment, including embedded derivatives investments in Ola and Snapdeal. Of this, nearly half has been booked as a loss due to the appreciation of the Japanese yen.
In the first quarter ended 30 June, SoftBank had booked a loss of ¥30.2 billion ($295 million then) from the decline in the fair value of Snapdeal and Ola, mainly due to the appreciation of the Japanese currency against the rupee. This means SoftBank has doubled the book losses on value of investment last quarter. Let's look at each portfolio firm:
Snapdeal SoftBank holds a significant minority stake in Snapdeal. It had led a $627 million round of investment in the company in late 2014 followed by another round of $500 million last year. In a deal early this year, Snapdeal was reportedly valued at $6.5 billion.
In total, Snapdeal has raised around $1.65 billion from about two dozen investors. It has held preliminary talks exploring merger with two bigger rivals—Flipkart and Amazon. However, Snapdeal had denied this.
Separately, it has been in talks with existing and new investors to raise funding for its wallet Freecharge.
Ola The talks about Ola's next fundraise have been getting louder in the past couple of months as its key rival Uber said it is looking to ramp up India business even as it gave up the fight in China.
To date, Ola has raised around $1.3 billion in external funding and has been valued around $5 billion.
Housing.com Realty portal Housing.com has been in the news for about two years now. From public pot shots by then chief executive and co-founder Rahul Yadav, directed at the company's investors and board members, which led to their ouster later, to high cash burn, the once revered startup has been struggling to get back on its feet.
SoftBank recently put in an additional $5 million (Rs 34 crore) in Housing.com, besides the $15 million it invested in the company in January.
Meanwhile, the industry is abuzz with speculation over a possible merger of housing.com with one of its leading rivals.
Grofers Food and grocery delivery startup Grofers raised $120 million (nearly Rs 780 crore) in funding led by SoftBank in November 2015.
A few months ago, Grofers scrapped its app-only model and launched its desktop website. The move came at a time when the Gurgaon-based startup is struggling with margins and unit economics.
Grofers, one of the most heavily funded grocery delivery startups, has been facing mounting challenges. Earlier this year, Grofers had to let go of some employees and revoked campus job offers as part of a restructuring of operations.
Grofers, which earlier operated on a marketplace model, has now shifted to a 70% inventory-led business where it sources products from different brands directly and stores them in its warehouses for further delivery.
OYO Hotel room booking marketplace Oyo had last year raised $100 million (Rs 635 crore then) in a round led by SoftBank with participation from Sequoia, Lightspeed and Greenoaks Capital.
Earlier this year, OYO, which is the most-funded budget hotels aggregator in India, expanded its operations to Malaysia, its first overseas market. In February, it acquired Tiger Global-backed smaller rival Zo Rooms in an all-stock deal. In May, OYO Rooms said it has attained profitability at an aggregate level.
InMobi Mobile advertising company InMobi was one of the first companies to enter the Unicorn club in India. It is facing severe competition from Facebook and Google, which are seeing massive traction when it comes to ads.
It has raised $220.5 million in equity and $100 million in venture debt. InMobi had losses of $40.91 million in 2015-16 and $45.5 million in 2014-15. To turn profitable, the company has laid off approximately 15-20% of its workforce.
Hike In August, SoftBank-backed messaging app Hike Ltd raised $175 million (Rs 1,170 crore) from China's Tencent Holdings Ltd, Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group and other investors in a round that propelled it to the elite list of unicorns.
For SoftBank, this was the first major investment in an Indian company since the departure of its president and chief operating officer Nikesh Arora in June. The India-born executive, once considered as the heir apparent to SoftBank chairperson Masayoshi Son, had led its investments in India for the past couple of years including in Snapdeal and Ola.
Hike claims to have 100 million users and is posting losses.
Loss-making portfolio: Should investors be concerned? Industry insiders say the Indian consumer Internet sector will be a game of patience and strategy. Backing leaders is one such move. If you watch closely, you will notice that SoftBank has typically invested in the second largest, if not the largest player, in any industry â€“ be it cab aggregators, e-commerce players, messengers or hotel aggregators.
"It has been seen that investors have made money without companies making money," said Sanjeev Krishan, transaction services and private equity leader at PwC India. "None of the consumer Internet companies has been profitable and it's the same case for almost all large investors. Two years ago, the question was raising capital. It was known that these firms would take three to five years to gain momentum and sustain. That's how one needs to look at it." Also, the interest for India is unabated. SoftBank's investments in India may surpass $10 billion in five to 10 years.
"SoftBank has a telecom background and they understand that it takes time for companies to mature on the mobile and Internet platforms. India has the second-largest population in the world and adoption of mobiles is certainly attractive for investors like them," said Anil Joshi, managing partner at Unicorn India Ventures.
The Wall Street Journal reports that Google is planning to spend more than $1 billion on satellites that will offer internet access worldwide from space. The publication's sources say that Google will begin with 180 small satellites that will orbit the Earth at a lower altitude than most other craft, before possibly expanding the fleet in the future.
Google has been hiring new staff from satellite companies in an effort to get its space internet scheme off the ground. The project is reportedly being run by Greg Wyler, who founded satellite startup O3b Networks. O3b, in whom Google has invested, has been experimenting with 1,500-pound satellites, but people familiar with the project say the devices Google intends to use will weigh less than 250 pounds. The WSJ's sources say the costs for the venture could top $3 billion as Google makes tweaks to the network and revises the number of satellites it needs to offer internet in unconnected parts of the world.
The 180 satellites will reportedly weigh less than 250 pounds each
A number of tech companies are exploring ways for it to increase broadband coverage to parts of the planet that lack internet infrastructure. Google's Project Loon uses balloons to act as high-altitude ISPs, and in April, it acquired Titan Aerospace, a company building solar-powered drones that can beam internet signals from the sky. Facebook said it was experimenting with a similar method in March, confirming that it was building a squadron of drones that could fly autonomously at 65,000 feet for months at a time using solar cells.
Facebook also wants to offer internet from the skies
Google's reported plans to roll out a fleet of satellites likely won't make its efforts with drones or balloons obsolete. Tim Farrar, a consultant who worked for a company that tried to offer satellite-based internet access in the 1990s before its $9 billion project was halted, told the WSJ that the technologies complemented each other, and that drones and satellites could combine to achieve Google's aim of offering signal in all corners of the world.
Speaking to the Wall Street Journal, a Google spokesperson suggested the company's efforts were altruistic. "Internet connectivity significantly improves people's lives. Yet two thirds of the world have no access at all." But there's also a financial reason to offer these two thirds a reliable way to get online. If at least one of the methods — balloon, drone, or satellite — can successfully offer high-speed internet to underserved parts of the world, then Google will also be in a position to offer its products and services to vast new markets.
Ahead of Saturday's game against Sunderland, Read Swansea asked Chris Sparks (editor of Read Sunderland) some questions. Here are their thoughts before the game against the Black Cats at the Stadium of Light.
You just managed to survive last season? Can you improve in 2015/16?
Without a doubt, the aim is to crawl away from a relegation scrap this year, we haven't got off to the best start however. Sunderland don't appear to be prepared for the new season judging by the first two games. Last season was a disappointing campaign, everyone at the club expected us to progress under Gus Poyet, but it wasn't to be. We required another change of manager and an annual near brush with the trap door.
How has Sunderland's summer transfer business been?
Before the season began, most Sunderland supporters would have said that it has been decent so far. However, the first games have shown their weaknesses in defence and their lack of midfield influence. Advocaat surely must have a few iorns in the fire before September 2nd. Jeremain Lens appears to be a decent buy, a quick and creative player with an eye for goal, hopefully they can prove their worth sooner rather than later.
You've had a disappointing start to the season. Is Dick Advocaat really the man to take you forward?
The problem does not lie with Advocaat. Like many of their predecessors, Advocaat has noticed that there is a deep problem at the club that cannot be blamed on the manager. The squad is rotted with poor characters and championship quality players and a chairperson who no longer wishes to waste their money. Should the team be improved and the players begin to show their passion and determination again, then no doubt is Advocaat the man to take Sunderland forward this year.
How do you view Swansea? And how will they do this season?
Swansea is a great team to watch as a neutral. They play beautiful football and are a good club who I think most fans have a soft spot for, mainly due to their fantastic rise to glory in recent years. Swansea must surely be aiming for the same again as last season, with the Europa League spots a genuine and realistic possibility.
What are your thoughts on the job Garry Monk is doing at Swansea?
What a fantastic manager and what a job they have done at the Swans! Alarm bells were raised when they were first announced as Laudrup's replacement, but they have done remarkably well. They get their team playing great football and will surely be at the top of the game for many years.
Who do you fear the most in the Swans squad?
Ki Sung-Yeung is a man Sunderland fans know well, they were fantastic for 85% of their time at the Black Cats, and of course, scored against them for Swansea last year. They have the ability to pass through the leaky Sunderland defence with ease and Sunderland must look out for this danger. Andre Ayew looks a great piece of business also, and may grab a third goal in as many games at the Stadium of Light if Sunderland's defence is not alert.
And who will Swansea have to look out for in Sunderland's side?
Jermain Defoe has the ability to grab a goal even if the striker does nothing all game. Swansea will have to be alert with Defoe capable of grabbing a goal or two from nothing. The Englishman will be out to prove a point too, with speculation about their future this week.
Prediction?
Realistically you can only see a Swansea win. However, I feel Sunderland have a point to prove and I back them to grab a draw on Saturday with both teams scoring at the Stadium of Light.
Sunderland 1-1 Swansea
This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information for anyone who uses our service.
If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The personal information that we collect is used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
For a better experience, while using our service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Google Analytics
Facebook
iTunes
Couchbase
LOG DATA
We want to inform you that whenever you use our service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our service, the time and date of your use of the service, measurement data, and other statistics.
COOKIES
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this service.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our service;
To provide the service on our behalf;
To perform service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our service is used.
We want to inform users of this service that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
SECURITY
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 18. Anyone under the age of 18 years old is not eligible to use the tCheck app.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Aguero? Kane? Lukaku? Select your September award winner from a seven-man shortlist
Seven players have been nominated for the EA SPORTS Player of the Month award for September, and you can help to decide the winner.
Were Harry Kane's six goals enough to gain your vote? Or did one of three contenders from the Manchester clubs catch your eye?
You have until 23:59 BST on Monday 9 October to make your selection.
P3 W3 D0 L0 G5 A3
The Argentina forward was directly involved in a PL-high eight goals in only three appearances to help Manchester City extend their unbeaten start to seven matches.
P4 W4 D0 L0 G1 A3
The Belgian produced three assists and scored a Carling Goal of the Month contender in a 1-0 win at Chelsea to take Man City top of the table.
P3 W2 D0 L1 G2 A2
Gross was involved in each of Brighton & Hove Albion's first four PL goals, scoring twice and assisting the other in a 3-1 win over West Brom, before setting up another in Matchweek 5.
P4 W3 D1 L0 G6 A0
The Spurs striker scored an unmatchable six goals in September, becoming only the second player in PL history to net 2+ goals in three consecutive away matches.
P3 W2 D0 L1 G2 A0 CS1
Newcastle United's captain scored winning goals in successive matches against Swansea City and Stoke City as the Magpies ended the month in ninth place.
P4 W3 D1 L0 G4 A1
The PL's leading scorer didn't miss a single minute in September, taking their tally for the season to seven with a goal in all four matches.
P4W2 D1 L1 G4 A0
Morata's four goals in as many matches included a hat-trick at Stoke, a first PL treble for a Chelsea player since September 2014.
See: How the awards are decided
We all have our guilty pleasures.
Some people annihilate an entire bag of potato chips in a single sitting, others spend endless hours watching scripted reality television, and some just like to watch little kids stumble.
See also: 15 Kids Who Clearly Dressed Themselves
It's not that people enjoy seeing others inflicted with pain, it's just that kids are hilarious mini-humans, and nothing makes children more entertaining than watching them exercise their underdeveloped motor skills as they trip and fall.
If you catch yourself hysterically and uncontrollably laughing at these minors as they take a plunge, just try and remind yourself that you didn't push them over.
For more priceless GIFs and videos of children taking a dive, head to /r/ChildrenFallingOver where redditor BipolarBear0 inspired this post.
23 Kids Having a Worse Monday Than You
Mashable sat down with some of our employees to gauge their reactions of children falling over.
Some welfare applicants and beneficiaries would be required to pass a drug test and receive counseling to receive public assistance under a controversial bill being considered by the Virginia General Assembly.
Under the proposal, which has been approved by the Senate, people applying for or in the state's job-training program, which is required to receive welfare, would be questioned about substance abuse. Those thought to be abusing drugs could be required to take a drug test.
If they failed the test or refused to comply, they would be required to attend and complete a drug treatment program to ensure that they continued to receive federal benefits under Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, or TANF. If they failed a second time, they would lose their benefits. A stricter version of the bill, which would have revoked benefits immediately, passed the House initially but was tabled.
The state asks welfare applicants to allow caseworkers to screen them, but they can decline. The Senate bill would make the initial drug screenings mandatory.
"It seemed to be a concern of many of the social services personnel in my district," said Sen. Phillip P. Puckett (D-Russell), the bill's sponsor. "We just thought that there was no place for those who receive public benefits and use them on illegal activities."
Puckett said the issue is a particular problem for social workers and drug counselors across the rustic stretches of their native southwestern Virginia who have struggled to ease the impact of drug abuse and poverty, exacerbated by the region's struggling economy.
One of the consistent hurdles aid workers have faced, they said, is the practice of some welfare recipients using cash benefits or Medicaid to buy illegal or prescription drugs to feed their habits.
But some advocates for the poor say punishing people who are in crisis is the wrong approach; the first response from government should be to offer timely drug counseling, not take away a significant part of a family's income.
"This is a moment to help, not punish someone who has a problem," said Ty Jones, a staff attorney for the Virginia Poverty Law Center in Richmond.
Jones said that given the state's significant budget shortfall, the added cost to screen people and administer drug tests should be taken into consideration.
State officials said it would cost about $460,000 a year in administrative expenses to screen all applicants and recipients, although this might be picked up by the federal government. In addition, each drug test costs about $50. As of November, about 13,000 Virginians were receiving TANF benefits; about 9,000 people apply each year, state officials said.
Limited resources for treatment present another challenge. The state has a waiting list of 800 to 1,000, depending on the type of substance abuse service. The average wait is several weeks. Adding people to the list will tax government programs further, critics say.
Several states, including Arizona and Kentucky, have moved recently to restrict the benefits of those who test positive for drugs, said Elizabeth Lower-Basch, a senior policy analyst for the Center for Law and Social Policy, a Washington-based think tank. An effort to randomly test all Michigan welfare recipients for drugs was ruled unconstitutional five years ago.
Puckett said they were not concerned about the constitutionality of their proposal because the state would require only a screening about drug use and not randomly test applicants and recipients.
They said relatives of anyone removed from the rolls would not lose their benefits. Critics counter that by taking away the parent's benefit, the bill would be removing the family's main source of income.
Those who support the bill said lawmakers have a responsibility to protect taxpayer money from illicit uses.
"In these instances, taxpayers are paying for a system for some to traffic or receive narcotics," said Michael Bush, commonwealth's attorney for Russell County. "It's important that we prevent that from happening."
Militant atheism rears its ugly head again
By Neal Larson
I have a confession.
I'm guilty of discrimination against militant, activist atheists. I simply don't like them. If there were an epithet to describe them, I'd probably use it regularly. I would refuse to vote for a proud and vocal atheist for high office, regardless of any offsetting credentials. I'm not talking about those who struggle with faith, or have simply resigned themselves to not knowing, or those who cannot reconcile the horrors and miseries that life offers at times, with the existence of a loving God. Those are examples of unintrusive atheism. I have good friends who are agnostic, and I enjoy their friendship. I do have a problem, however, with those who proselytize and demand that the rest of us cater to their unbelief, as though that unbelief is itself a virtue worthy of our nurture and respect.
Referencing Russian composer Pavel Tchesnokov's “Salvation Is Created”, a high school marching band in Newark, Ohio wore shirts bearing the name of the composition. “Salvation” is too offensive a word for the Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) which sent a complaint to the school's superintendent, claiming even the word on the shirts is an unconstitutional violation.
A professor at the College of Coastal Georgia banned students from using the phrase “bless you” in class, threatening to dock points from an offending student's final grade. Keep in mind, saying “It's 2014” has a more direct reference to deity than “bless you.”
Earlier this month, high school cheerleaders in Tennessee led a football game crowd in the Lord's Prayer after the ACLU and the FFRF forced the school to stop allowing prayers over the public address system. The whole crowd, home and away, joined in. Good for those cheerleaders. It's good to see normal, middle-America types pressing back. We need everyone to do the same.
Militant atheism is not entirely unlike a mullet, that paradoxical “business in the front, party in the back” haircut that never should have happened. Instead, these strident unbelievers are more “angry in the front, pansy in the back” — making testosteronal demands of compliance on the outside, because inside they have all the tolerance of a scared three-year-old girl when faced with the words “salvation” or “bless you.”
Indeed they have created out of thin air a right to not be offended. If everyone asserts this manufactured right, we have created hell on earth.
In recent years, atheism has tried creating the equivalent of what believers build to express their faith. Churches, hymns, missionaries, even a sort of clergy have cropped up as either an effort to elevate atheism to a place of acceptance and moral equivalence, or toss a big dose of mockery at those who truly believe in God – a deliberate muddling of what it means to have faith.
While atheists are certainly capable of doing good works, those good works are not inspired by an absence of belief in God. How could they be? If atheists do good, it is in spite of — not because of — their atheism, so let's stop acting like not believing is just another super awesome way of believing.
Particularly insidious are the atheists who get a sense of satisfaction eroding the faith of others and behave as though it is a favor to rattle another's belief in a higher power. More than one of my college professors would target the faith of young wide-eyed freshmen. I still despise those lettered bullies who used a position of influence and authority to spew their own one-sided questionable dogma. I'm sure somewhere — even if only in overestimated grey matter — exists a trophy case of fallen testimonies and faith renouncements. Exploring the big questions is one thing — and should be encouraged because it expands the mind and augments various thought processes. Everyone at some point in life should put all philosophical options on the table and fearlessly explore them, then choose in good faith and forge ahead. But to deliberately aim to create confusion and chaos in those who are spiritually settled is despicable.
I think we could all be more tolerant of unintrusive atheism, because who doesn't have doubts? But let's separate them from the purveyors and jihadists of Godlessness. Don't let them get you down. Don't let them make you think for a moment that public displays of faith are somehow wrong or unconstitutional because someone chooses to be offended.
Instead, such public displays serve to identify the tantrum-prone entitled militants who are anything but tolerant.
Neal Larson of Idaho Falls is a conservative talk show host on KID Newsradio 590am and 92.1fm, and also at www.590kid.com. “The Neal Larson Show” can be heard weekday mornings from 8:00 to 10:00. Their email address is neal@590kid.com.
Legislators to Introduce Pro-Bitcoin Bill in New Jersey
Rate this post
In New Jersey, two legislators have brought a bill to the state legislature (A4478) that will create a regulatory framework for Bitcoin-related companies. Both the legislators and some in the Bitcoin community have touted the bill as a positive step towards bringing the cryptocurrency to the mainstream.
Also read: 12charge Allows You to Pay for Utilities and More With Bitcoin
A4478, alternatively titled the “Digital Currency Jobs Creation Act,” was introduced with the purpose of helping to create jobs within the state. The bill aims to achieve this goal by giving tax breaks to Bitcoin related companies located within New Jersey who reach a certain job creation threshold. In order for digital currency companies to enjoy this benefit, the bill states that a minimum of 10 to 25 people must be employed, which is a lower requirement than other businesses have to meet to reap the same benefits. In effect, giving tax breaks to “digital currency companies” should legally incentivize them to innovate further and allow them to prosper through the confines of New Jersey law.
This speculative effect corresponds with the bill's intentions, reading as follows
“to promote innovation in the burgeoning digital currency industry, to protect consumers of digital currency services and to create jobs in the State of New Jersey”
Added to the advertised benefits of the bill is a built-in incentive to miners and Bitcoin businesses alike, which exempts Bitcoin-related activities from state taxes on electricity. Such companies often use energy-consuming equipment, so those utility exemptions may encourage businesses to meet the employment quota stated above. By exempting these activities from electrical consumption taxes, the bill acts as a relief to a primary cost of entry in the Bitcoin industry, freeing up people to enter the market.
Cryptocurrency advocates and other allies have also lobbied for this kind of regulations in the past. In February 2015, two months before the proposal of the bill, a two hour committee hearing was held on the subject of Bitcoin to allow advocates to familiarize members of the legislature with the nature of the currency.
The bill mirrors some past efforts to regulate Bitcoin in few key ways. As with BitLicense in New York, Bitcoin businesses must register with a business license. The bill also focuses on consumer safety by way of consumer risk disclosure. Consumer risk disclosure laws typically make it so that consumers are provided with certain information that protects them from predatory business activities. Such disclosure is defined in the bill's text and dictated via pre-existing consumer rights laws in the state. Other consumer safety requirements are also included in the bill, including cybersecurity and record keeping requirements. Full details can be found here. Such regulations have often been met with hostility in the Bitcoin community, as many Bitcoin users see the decentralized nature of the currency as one of it's major assets. And government regulation is commonly viewed as a threat to the independence of the Bitcoin network. In fact, Xapo, a Bitcoin services provider, has recently decided to relocate it's headquarters to Switzerland in response to customer concerns over increased attempts by state governments to regulate Bitcoin, among other things. However, unlike BitLicense this bill has been proposed with the intentions of benefiting the Bitcoin industry by legitimizing it through a lawful framework to operate on, rather than to just regulate it based off perceived concerns with the currency, which simply act to hinder Bitcoin's growth. Some other benefits from the bill will be added tax exemptions for those who exceed the minimum job creation threshold and prohibiting municipalities in the state from creating their own separate regulatory burdens onto Bitcoin companies.
These differences have led to some optimistic feedback from the Bitcoin community, with the CEO of Coinsetter, Jaron Luckasiewicz, saying
“It's exciting to see New Jersey potentially take a progressive approach towards supporting Bitcoin companies in the state. Coinsetter is paying attention to their actions and would consider future opportunities that could add value to our company.”
Despite concerns with attempts to regulate Bitcoin, there are some possible benefits to the general regulation of bitcoin outside of this specific legislation. The general perception that regulation protects consumers, combined with Bitcoin's historical links to illicit activity, have resulted made people reluctant to use or invest in the digital currency. Antonio Gallippi, a co-founder of Bitpay, has similarly said that banks do not want to risk dealing with Bitcoin because of these criminal links, even if they feel that the currency offers advantages. When it comes to Bitcoin acceptance, perception is key. Though regulation ultimately may not be necessary for consumer safety, it still makes people think that the technology is secure, making them more likely to use the currency. Thus, regulation may actually improve the currency, if only through a psychological effect.
What do you think of the proposed legislation, will it help or harm the future of Bitcoin? Let us know in the comments below!
Sources: NJ.com, The Guardian, Nuzzel, Scribd.com
Images: Insidebitcoins.com, Coinsetter
Originally posted on: Legislators to Introduce Pro-Bitcoin Bill in New Jersey
WCA 2016 | APAC Qualifier | Recap
Two exciting days of play are over and we know now which two APAC players qualified for the huge WCA event in China. Some super close matches and results could be witnessed both, in the round robin group stage on Thursday and in the playoff rounds on Sunday. You missed it? No problem.
Group Stage (April 21st)
The qualifier started with the nine best players from the APAC region, all being from South Korea. Five of them were invited ( Moon, Lyn, LawLiet, FoCuS and ReMinD) and the other four ( ReprisaL, Check, Bany and MinHyuk) had to fight their way through another open qualifier beforehand. What made the group stage particularly special was the round robin modus in the beginning, with each player playing a best-of-three against every other in the grid. Only four of the nine players would proceed to the playoff stage. The group stage resulted in an incredible eleven hour casting marathon of Neo, Remodemo and yAwS.
Seven hours after the start ReprisaL was the only positive surprise amongst the top favorites of this qualifier, leading the grid convincingly. Already at the very beginning they showed off their new gained strength by countering LawLiet's Warden as noone else has ever done. At that time, unexpectedly ReprisaL was not followed by players like FoCuS, Moon, LawLiet or the legendary Lyn, who just returned to the scene, but the underdogs Bany and MinHyuk. Both players scored win after win and it looked good for them. Almost another Cinderella story, but only almost. On the finishing straight it came to a sudden end when LawLiet, FoCuS and Lyn recovered and each of them won their last two matches. Especially Bany was hit hard, dropping out due to a slightly worse map score, although they had the same number of wins as three of the players to move on.
Playoffs (April 25th)
ReprisaL, Lyn, FoCuS and LawLiet found a way out of the group stage, only a small step away from winning a bunch of money (1. USD 7,700 / 2. USD 4,600 / 3. USD 3,100) and qualifying for the WCA main event in China. Everything back to zero, each of the four players had the exact same starting position, no matter how their performance was in the group stage. Only the opponent for the first match was determined by the players position in the grid. ReprisaL, who left no doubt in the prior stage that he'd found the magical essence against the Warden, had to face LawLiet once again. It turned out essence isn't that magical after all. The latter reminded us why they are the best night elf player there currently is on this globe. Making the Warden happen two times in a row, playing it safe and convincingly. Raining knifes turned out to be ReprisaL's Waterloo.
As on the Thursday before, Lyn was defeated by FoCuS and therefore sent to the losers round. Micro on point, but not fully in their routine yet, which becomes especially visible in this kind of Orc mirror matches. What followed was an epic clash between ReprisaL and Lyn in the basement. The first two matches were the two absolute highlights in this APAC Qualifier with endless fights, micro on point and countless turnarounds. The third and deciding map was Ancient Isles, not known to be a particularly good map for the human race. Lyn proved it, putting an unworthy end to ReprisaL's WCA dreams.
Meanwhile, LawLiet making a short process with their buddy FoCuS also, even playing talons on Twisted Meadows. The convincing performance of the elf player reminded a bit of the second last day at WCA 2015, where they seemed simply unstoppable. Therewith they had secured their spot in the 2016 event as well, whereas FoCuS had to face Lyn a third time in this qualifier. "All good things come in threes" one could say, but rather for Lyn this time, who played unimpressed and still in the flow of their victory over ReprisaL. The Orc player who just returned to the game after years of abscence still able to deliver and securing the second spot at WCA 2016.
The final of this qualifier will be held in May, hopefully with amazing matches between the two players who will then proudly represent their region in China.
All important information can be found on Liquipedia.
British high-jumper Germaine Mason has died in a motorbike smash in Jamaica while out riding with sprint star Usain Bolt.
Mason, who won a silver medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games, was riding home from a party in convoy with eight-time Olympic champion Bolt in the Caribbean island's capital of Kingston on Thursday.
Публикация от Germaine (@germainemason) Июл 15 2016 в 9:49 PDT
The 34-year-old died at the scene after losing control of their bike, with claims they swerved to avoid an oncoming vehicle.
Michael Frater, 2005 World Championship 100m silver medallist, was also in the convoy when the accident happened.
Mason grew up with Bolt on the junior athletics circuit in Jamaica before switching to represent Great Britain before the Olympics in Beijing.
 They are still the holder of the Jamaican national record in the high-jump, set before they emigrated to the UK.
READ MORE: Over £500K raised for teenage racing driver who had double leg amputation (VIDEO)
Mason was based in Birmingham and told the Birmingham Mail in 2009 how Bolt inspired him.
“When I was in Beijing, what Usain did in the 100 meters opened my eyes up. I used to be one of those athletes who got tense sometimes because I was always so focused,” they said.
Публикация от Abacapress (@abaca_press) Окт 3 2016 в 7:02 PDT
“But when I was in Beijing and I saw how much fun Usain was having at the Olympics, which is usually where everybody is super-focused, I just thought that was the way to do it.
“So I just went out there and had the most fun in my life, I just went jumping and enjoyed myself. That's how they helped me in Beijing, I didn't say anything to him, it was just from observing him. They made everything look so easy.”
Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness tweeted after Mason's death: "Our sincere condolences to sporting fraternity."
Our sincere condolences to the entire sporting fraternity. — Andrew Holness (@AndrewHolnessJM) April 20, 2017
British former sprinter and Olympic gold medalist Linford Christie was among those to tweet their condolences.
Heart goes out to friends and family of Germaine Mason on this sad day..
R I P Germaine . Never forgotten — Linford Christie (@ChristieLinford) April 20, 2017
“Heart goes out to friends and family of Germaine Mason on this sad day..RIP Germaine. Never forgotten,” they wrote.
Olympic gold medalist Jessica Ennis-Hill tweeted: “This is just awful. Such sad news.”
In pectore (Latin for "in the breast/heart") is a term used in the Catholic Church for a papal appointment to the College of Cardinals without a public announcement of the name of that cardinal. The pope reserves that name to himself. The Italian language version of the phrase – in petto – is sometimes used. When the name of a new cardinal is announced or made public, it is sometimes said to be published.
Since the practice arose in the sixteenth century its use has varied greatly. Some popes have used it rarely or not at all, while others have used it regularly. In the first half of the 19th century, Pope Gregory XVI appointed half of their 75 cardinals in pectore and left several unidentified at their death.
Background [ edit ]
Since the fifteenth century, popes have made such appointments to manage complex relations among factions within the Church, when publication of a new cardinal's name might provoke persecution of the individual or of a Christian community or, when the identity of the new cardinal is an open secret, to signal defiance of government opposition or stake out a diplomatic or moral position. Over the centuries, popes have made in pectore appointments in consideration of government and political relations in a wide variety of nations, from Portugal and several European states to the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China.
Once their appointment is published, the precedence of a cardinal appointed in pectore is determined by the date of the appointment, not the announcement. This reflects the principle that they have been a cardinal from the earlier date and that membership in the College of Cardinals depends on the decision of the pope, not any ceremony or ritual. The announcement allows the cardinal to receive and wear the symbols of their office, use the titles appropriate to their rank, and to perform the functions specific to a cardinal, most importantly, if otherwise qualified, to participate in a papal conclave. Should the pope die without publishing an appointment they have made in pectore, the appointment lapses.
History [ edit ]
In the early history of the College of Cardinals, all cardinals appointed were published as a matter of course. Under pressure to maintain a delicate network of alliances in the last years of Western Schism, beginning in 1423 Martin V withheld the names of some they created cardinals, the first in pectore appointments.[1][a] A century later, Paul III created Girolamo Aleandro a cardinal on 22 December 1536 and published their name on 13 March 1538.[5] Paul III later named five more cardinals in pectore, all of whose names were published within a few years.[6] Pius IV created a cardinal in pectore on 26 February 1561 and became the first to fail to publish such an appointment.[7]
Although in pectore appointments were not uncommon in the 17th century, all such appointments were soon published until Innocent XII named two cardinals in 1699 whose names were never published.[8] On 26 April 1773, Clement XIV created eleven cardinals in pectore, none of whom were published.[9]
As anti-Catholic hostility among various governments became common, in pectore appointments became much more common during the late 18th and 19th centuries. Previously cases of unpublished in pectore appointments had only occurred when a pope died shortly after creating the cardinal, but popes began to wait much longer to publish such appointments creating a greater likelihood that a name would remain unpublished. On 23 June 1777 Pius VI created two cardinals in pectore and lived another 22 years without publishing their names.[10] In the course of 23 years, Pius VII created twelve cardinals in pectore whose names they published and none whose names went unpublished, though two others died before they published their names.[11] Leo XII made eight in pectore appointments in just six years and all were published.[12] When the reign of Pius VIII ended unexpectedly after just 19 months, they had created six cardinals, and another eight in pectore whose names died with him.[13] Gregory XVI created 81 cardinals, 29 of them in pectore, of which six were unpublished.[14]
Modern practice [ edit ]
The frequency of appointments in pectore declined later in the 19th century. Pope Pius IX made only five such appointments out of 123 cardinals, and all were published within four years of creation. Pope Leo XIII named only seven cardinals out of 147 in pectore and all were published. The only in pectore appointment by Pope Pius X was António Mendes Belo, Patriarch of Lisbon. The Portuguese Republic established in 1910 had adopted severely anticlerical policies. Belo's appointment was revealed on 25 May 1914, the last time Pius created cardinals three months before their death,[15] though the Holy See did not recognize the government of Portugal until 1919. Pope Benedict XV made two in pectore appointments in 1916: one, possibly Paul von Huyn,[16] was never published and the other was Adolf Bertram, a Polish bishop, whose country was at war with Italy. Their name was published in December 1919 after the war ended.[17][18][19] In 1933, Pope Pius XI created two cardinals in pectore: Federico Tedeschini, Nuncio to Spain, and Carlo Salotti, Secretary of the Sacred Congregation of Rites. They were made public in the consistory of 16 December 1935.[20][21][22] Pope John XXIII made three in pectore appointments on 28 March 1960 and never published them.[23][24][b]
Pope Paul VI made four in pectore appointments. One of them, Iuliu Hossu, died without their appointment being published, though Paul revealed it a few years later.[28] Paul made in pectore appointments of Štěpán Trochta on 28 April 1969, published 5 March 1973,[29] and František Tomášek on 24 May 1976, published 22 June 1977.[30] In the case of Joseph Trinh-Nhu-Khuê, Paul made the appointment in pectore on 28 April 1976 when announcing their next consistory. When the government of Vietnam granted Trinh-Nhu-Khuê a visa to travel to Rome, Paul published the appointment as a surprise by having Trinh-Nhu-Khuê's name called as the last of twenty cardinals created at that consistory on 24 May.[31] Pope John Paul II named four cardinals in pectore, three of whom they later revealed: Ignatius Kung Pin-Mei, Bishop of Shanghai, People's Republic of China, appointed in pectore 30 June 1979, published 29 May 1991;[32] and Marian Jaworski, Archbishop of Lviv, Ukraine, and Jānis Pujāts of Riga, Latvia, both appointed in pectore 21 February 1998, both published 29 January 2001.[33] John Paul created the fourth in 2003, but never revealed the name so the appointment expired with the pope's death. Had the name been discovered in the pope's will, such "posthumous publication" would not have changed that.[34][4]
Popes [ edit ]
Four cardinals who were later elected pope were created cardinals in pectore. In each case, publication followed closely upon their appointment. They were:
In popular culture [ edit ]
In The Shoes of the Fisherman (1963) by Morris West, a Ukrainian, Kiril Pavlovich Lakota, arrives in Rome and is revealed as to have been appointed a cardinal in pectore by the previous pope.[citation needed]
In Vatican: A novel (1986) by Malachi Martin, a pope on their deathbed reveals that they had named the central character, Richard Lansing, a cardinal in pectore.[39]
In The Secret Cardinal (2007) by Tom Grace, the pope enlists a cardinal's godson, former Navy Seal Nolan Kilkenny, to rescue a prelate named a cardinal in pectore twenty years earlier from a Chinese prison.[40]
In Conclave (2016) by Robert Harris, Vincent Benítez, a Filipino serving as Archbishop of Baghdad, arrives just before the start of a conclave with a document that proves they were appointed a cardinal in pectore by the late pope. To explain this unusual procedure, Harris has the dean of the College of Cardinals remind a cardinal that the late pope "revised the canon law on in pectore appointments shortly before they died".[41][42]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ in pectore because Pope Martin shared the names with the other cardinals,[2] though the customary distinction is whether a cardinal's name has been made public.[3][4] and Martin did make names public in a formal way at a later date. For example, in 1426, to meet the terms established by the [1] Salvador Miranda, who self-publishes a compendium of information about the College of Cardinals, objects to considering these appointmentsbecause Pope Martin shared the names with the other cardinals,though the customary distinction is whether a cardinal's name has been madeand Martin did make names public in a formal way at a later date. For example, in 1426, to meet the terms established by the Council of Constance (1414-18), they named three French and three Italian cardinals, and four more who were English, German, Spanish, and Greek. They kept the names of four more secret, a Spaniard and three Italians, one of them their nephew, which would have been another source of contention. They published these additional names in November 1430, just three months before their death. ^ [25][26] Cardinal [27] One of the three is often said to be Josyf Slipyj , who was made a cardinal by Paul VI in 1965.Cardinal Gustavo Testa is cited as the source of this information,
A reporter for Agence France-Presse, a Paris-based news service, was shot in the leg during fighting in Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, according to a translated account by the Moscow-headquartered news service Interfax and other sources. The reporter, Alexander Gayuk, is reportedly recovering in a hospital.
Interfax & others report @AFP photographer Aleksander Gayuk injured in #Donetsk, but OK. Now recovering in hospital. http://t.co/LUouIUN2Ip — Christopher Miller (@ChristopherJM) June 14, 2015
Le #journaliste #blessé de l'AFP Alexander #Gayuk a été opéré dans un hôpital de #Donetsk http://t.co/YDSYejTvmQ pic.twitter.com/vBjrGQogW3 — RT France (@RTenfrancais) June 14, 2015 Translated into English through Google Translate, the Interfax report indicated Gayuk is recovering from a leg wound considered not to be life-threatening. The report suggested there were no fatalities in the associated fighting. The translation of a report by the Russian state-funded RT indicated Gayuk was wounded after being caught in a crossfire. They reside in an area that experienced intensive shelling, according to the Russian state-owned Sputnik News. Fighting in the area in the past week killed two people and injured nine others, Sputnik News reported.
Fighting between pro-Russian separatists and the Ukrainian government has killed more than 6,400 people since the conflict began in April 2014. The Ukrainian government, the U.S. and a number of European countries have claimed Russia is involved in the conflict, which Moscow has repeatedly denied.
Recent media reports have indicated pro-Russian rebel leaders in Donetsk and Luhansk are now willing to remain part of Ukraine, but under special circumstances: Instead of the areas being either annexed by Russia or independent, they could become semiautonomous regions in Ukraine. Such a move reportedly has the backing of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“This is a fundamental issue. I think this position should be viewed as a sound precondition for the start of substantial negotiations,” Putin said, according to an interview transcript published by the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera and released by the Kremlin.
Reporting in Ukraine has proven to be dangerous. Six journalists were killed while reporting in the country in 2014, according to Reporters Without Borders. Another two journalists have already been killed while reporting there in 2015, the organization said.
Wait, plexitube? Is that a typo? Surely we mean Nixie tubes!
For a Christmas project [Kurt] wanted to build some owl-inspired clocks — with bit of a retro feel. Given the complexities of finding and using actual Nixie tubes, they went with an alternative — a Plexitube.
Plexitubes look like futuristic Nixie tubes. They can have different stylized numbers. They're crisp, they're bright, and they are completely customizable. They're made of edgelit acrylic! By laser etching the design onto pieces of acrylic and feeding LED light into the edge, very much like how a light-pipe works, it's possible to have a neon-light effect — using nothing more than plastic and some LEDs.
They designed custom PCBs for the project, with SMD LEDs for the plexitubes. Making use of a laser cutter, they designed the actual owl to be made out of lightly formed wood cutouts — the entire thing looks absolutely fantastic.
As far as “Nixie tube” clocks this has gotta be one of the most aesthetically pleasing ones we've seen in a while, but if you're looking for an all-out-Nixietube-extravaganza… take a look at this whopping thirteen tube clocks.
[Thanks for the tip Lawrence!]
Maybe you were partial to Toad's speed or to Bowser's bulk, or perhaps chucking massive eggs at other high-speed vehicles, à la Yoshi, was more your style. Whatever your Super Mario Kart and Mario Kart 64 preferences were, the all-around awesomeness of the franchise's first two installments likely didn't escape you as you whipped around Rainbow Road—some of the games' best-kept secrets, however, just might have.
1. THE GAME'S STAR WAS FIRST IMAGINED AS “A GUY IN OVERALLS” (WHO WASN'T MARIO).
In an interview with Nintendo President Satoru Iwata, Shigeru Miyamoto and Hideki Konno, two of Super Mario Kart's creators, explained that their original aim for the 1992 game was to make a two-player racing game with simultaneous on-screen display for both players. During development, Konno said, the game's prototype had “a guy in overalls sitting in the kart” as the team worked out racing mechanics. For several months, none of the developers specifically identified this blue collar driver as the company's famous plumber.
2. BUT MARIO WAS TOO HANDSOME TO BE DENIED.
Miyamoto added, “At first, no racing was involved. It was just two karts moving around freely. Then we noticed that it looked neat if you stopped one car and looked at the other car flying by. We decided to see what it would look like with Mario in one of the karts, and everyone thought that looked even better. Who knows, maybe the designer who drew the overalls on the earlier guy intended that it be changed to Mario all along!”
3. IT WAS THE FIRST NON-PLATFORMING GAME FOR MARIO'S ENTOURAGE.
Super Mario Kart was Nintendo's first title to let players take on characters such as Princess Peach and Yoshi outside of a platform-based game. This move turned out to be wildly popular among fans, which has led to a small galaxy of Mario Kart sequels, but also a wide variety of sports and fighting games. It also likely set the stage for Mario games to become the best-selling game franchise of all time.
4. IT SPELLED THE END OF DONKEY KONG JR. AS WE KNEW HIM.
Many video game universes have the kind of tangled character and timeline webs commonly associated with soap operas, and Mario's realm is no exception. One particularly tortured lineage belongs to Donkey Kong and their primate brethren, which over the decades grew to include Donkey Kong Jr., Diddy Kong, and Cranky. Donkey Kong Jr. had their own arcade game in 1982 and a math game for the Nintendo Entertainment System in the mid-'80s, played smaller roles in later games (including Mario Tennis for the Nintendo 64), and was, for a time, said to have "grown up" into the lead character of Donkey Kong Country (a detail that was quickly revised for later versions).
After being one of eight playable characters in Super Mario Kart, however, Donkey Kong Jr.'s flashing star began to fade. In addition to being dropped from subsequent Mario Kart games, they were gradually replaced by (or, depending on who you ask, morphed into) Diddy Kong and/or Cranky when it came to filling Nintendo's primate-shaped roles.
5. IT KICKED OFF—AND SET THE STANDARD FOR—THE KARTING GENRE.
Not long after Super Mario Kart was released, a tsunami of character-packed kart-racing games hit the market (including Sega's Sonic Drift, the four-player game Street Racer, and even Wacky Wheels for PC). However, few series have enjoyed, even briefly, the kind of success that Mario Kart-related games have. As the site IGN put it, “The balance was perfect, the racers were perfect, and the courses were oh so perfect.”
6. SUPER MARIO KART BROUGHT CONSOLES CLOSER TO 3D GRAPHICS.
Along with its racing predecessor F-Zero, Super Mario Kart used Mode 7 graphics to give the game an almost 3D feel, paving the way for the kinds of immersive gaming graphics players came to expect in years to come. The gaming site 1UP.com described Mode 7 as “being the most impressive due to its ability to take its entire background layer and rotate or scale it freely, essentially turning the layer into a texture-mapped 3D plane.”
7. THE MANUAL ENCOURAGES PLAYERS TO CHEAT FOR THE WIN.
Specifically, the Super Mario Kart handbook advises players to look at their opponent's screen view for the advantages it offers. (Normally, to do so would be to violate an unspoken, cardinal rule of split-screen gaming.) As the Huffington Post discovered, the manual's last piece of advice for winning in Battle Mode is, simply, to “Always keep an eye on your opponent's screen.”
8. PEACH AND BOWSER CHUG CHAMPAGNE IN JAPAN, BUT SKIP IT IN THE U.S.
In the 1992 Japanese Super Mario Kart release, an animation shows Princess Peach and Bowser celebrating post-race with bottles of champagne (leaving Peach a bit flushed). Nintendo of America reportedly didn't allow depictions of drinking in its games at the time, so the scene was dropped from the U.S. release.
A prototype version of the game contained even more champagne hijinks that didn't make it stateside: After a championship game, Super Koopa and Koopa Paratroopa figures show up and hover around the second- and third-place racers, only to be knocked out of the sky by champagne corks.
9. THE ORIGINAL KART IS STILL AMONG FANS' FAVORITES (AND GUINNESS' #1) ...
Super Mario Kart has received a stream of accolades since its release, including being ranked the 15th-best game of all time by IGN in 2005 (they dubbed it “the original karting masterpiece”), making 1UP.com's “Essential 50” games list, and taking the top spot on Guinness World Records' 2009 list of the 50 best games of all time.
10. ... WHILE MARIO KART 64 KICKED RACING INTO AN EVEN HIGHER GEAR.
When Super Mario Kart's follow-up for Nintendo 64 hit the shelves, one thrilled critic called it “the hottest thing to hit go-karting since … well, since the original Mario Kart for the Super NES,” featuring “some of the most mind-bending racetracks you've ever seen.” It sold over a million units within a few months of its U.S. release and was part of a new generation of racers that, according to one industry expert, had the processing power to “[afford] a realism you couldn't have before.”
The game also ushered in a new era for the Mario gang, as it presented, alongside Super Mario 64, the new "3D" versions of Luigi, Donkey Kong, Wario, and Yoshi that would replace their previous hand-drawn selves in the Nintendo universe.
11. MARIO KART 64'S JAPANESE VERSION HAD (FAKE) SPONSORSHIPS FROM MARLBORO.
Presumably to avoid legal repercussions (and inadvertently promote teen smoking), the U.S. release of Mario Kart 64 dropped imagery from the Japanese version that spoofed such real-life brands as Marlboro, Mobil, and Goodyear.
12. THE GAME'S THWOMP CHARACTERS SOUND LIKE WARIO BUT COME FROM JAPANESE MYTHOLOGY.
The Thwomps and Whomps of the Mario universe (the latter first appeared in Super Mario 64) were inspired by Japanese nurikabe spirits that appear to block a traveler's way. To create the Thwomp sound effect for Mario Kart 64, game developers simply slowed down Wario's laugh.
13. IN MARIO KART 64, A RARELY-SEEN ANIMATION REVEALS DARK DAYS FOR LOSERS.
Many experienced players aren't aware of a particularly grim animation within the game that only results from a player character coming in fourth at the end of a tournament. If this happens—an outcome best achieved by placing fourth or lower on purpose throughout a tournament's races—the character comes into focus after the three winners have zoomed off in glory, drives away sadly while a minor key reprise of the victory theme plays, and, after scooting out of sight over a hill, is blown up by a Mini Bomb Kart.
14. BLUE SHELLS SOLVE BOTH TECHNICAL AND EXISTENTIAL PROBLEMS.
Speaking to Kotaku, Super Mario Kart and Mario Kart 64 director Hideki Konno explained that their team wanted the latter release to have the dynamic in which “everyone was in it until the end.” Unfortunately, they explained, “processing problems occurred that didn't allow us to do that,” and these issues made it difficult to accommodate having multiple racers all grouped together on a racetrack.
Their solution: the blue shells, which scatter the racers during moments when they're likely to be traveling in a clump that would otherwise overwhelm a Nintendo 64 processor. Kotaku also points out in a different article that the item “handily takes care of one of Mario Kart's biggest problems: being in first place is actually really boring.”
15. MORE THAN TWO DECADES LATER, THE MARIO KART FRANCHISE IS STILL THE CHAMP.
To date, the kart-racers have sold over 100 million game units, while Guinness World Records has honored this dominance with six separate nods, including “First Console Kart Racing Game,” “Longest Running Kart Racing Franchise,” and “Best Selling Racing Game.”
The neutral system
In distribution system three phase load is unbalance and non linear so the neutral plays an very important role in distribution system.
Generally, distribution networks are operated in an unbalanced configuration and also service to consumers. This causes current flowing through neutral conductor and voltage dropping on neutral wire. The unbalance load and excessive current in neutral wire is one of the issues in three phase four-wire distribution systems that causes voltage drop through neutral wire and makes tribulations for costumers.
The existence of neutral earth voltage makes unbalance in three phase voltages for three phase customers and reduction of phase to neutral voltage for single phase customers.
Multi-grounded three-phase four-wire service is widely adopted in modern power distribution systems due to having lower installation costs and higher sensitivity of fault protection than three-phase three-wire service.
The neutrals play an important role in power quality and safety problems. The multi grounded neutral system is the predominant electrical distribution system used in the United States.
It allows an uncontrolled amount of electric current to flow over the earth unrestrained, posing the potential of harm to the public and to animals causing electric shocks and is presumed responsible for undetected electrocutions.
The protective grounding used in low voltage, 600-volt and below, applications will be described and used to explain the hazards involved with the present day multi grounded neutral distribution System, used in the United States. This will allow the reader to see the parallels between the safe low voltage distribution system and the dangerous medium voltage multi grounded neutral distribution system.
The reasons for the development of the three phase, four-wire, multi-grounded systems involve a combination of safety and economic considerations. The three-phase, four-wire multi-grounded design has been successfully used for many years and is well documented in the standards including the National Electrical Code (NEC). It is crucial decisions to adopt Multi Grounded Neutral System “save money” by the adoption of the multi grounded neutral electrical distribution system in the cost of the public's safety.
Multi Grounded Neutral System (MEN)
Figure on left shows the multi-grounded neutral systems commonly used by the electric utilities in North America. The neutral grounding reactor is used by some utilities to reduce the available ground fault current while at the same time still maintaining an effectively grounded system.
The multiple earthed neutral (MEN) system of earthing is one in which the low voltage neutral conductor is used as the low resistance return path for fault currents and where its potential rise is kept low by having it connected to earth at a number of locations along its length. The neutral conductor is connected to earth at the distribution transformer, at each consumer's installation and at specified poles or underground pillars. The resistance between the neutral conductor of the distribution system and the earth must not exceed 10 ohms at any location.
NEC Article 250 Part X Grounding of Systems and Circuits 1 kV and Over (High Voltage)
Multiple Grounding: The neutral of a solidly grounded neutral system shall be permitted to be grounded at more than one point. Multi-grounded Neutral Conductor: Ground each transformer, Ground at 400 m intervals or less, Ground shielded cables where exposed to personnel contact.
Single Grounded Neutral
Figure on left shows single grounded neutral which is different from multi grounded system. Figure shows the neutral also connected to earth, but the neutral conductor is extended along with the phase conductors. The configuration shown in figure allows electrical loads, transformers to be placed between any of the three phase conductors, phase-to-phase and/or phase-to-neutral.
This connection, phase to neutral will force electric current to flow over the neutral back to the transformer. So far, this electrical connection is acceptable, as long as the neutral is insulated or treated as being potentially energized, but modifications will be made in the future that will negate safety for the public and animals.
The ground connection would typically be located in the distribution substation. This may appear insignificant, but the differences are significant
Advantages of Multiple grounded neutral Systems
(1) Optimize the Size of Surge Arrestor:
Surge arresters are applied to a power system based on the line-to-ground voltage under normal condition and abnormal conditions. Under ground-fault conditions, the line-to-ground voltage can increase up to 1.73 per unit on the two, unfaulted.
Application of surge arresters on a power system is dependent on the effectiveness of the system grounding. The over voltage condition that can occur during a ground fault can be minimized by keeping the zero sequence impedance low. Therefore, optimization in sizing the surge arresters on the system is dependent on the system grounding.
An effectively grounded power system allows the use of a lower rated surge arrester. The lower rated surge arrester provides better surge protection at a lower cost. An effectively grounded system can only be accomplished using a properly sized, multi-grounded system neutral.
With Single Grounded Neutral System require the use of full line-to-line voltage rated arresters. This increases the cost of the surge arresters while at the same time reduces the protection provided by the surge arrester. In addition, if the fourth wire neutral is not multi grounded, it would be good practice to place surge arresters at appropriate locations on that conductor.
(2) The zero sequence impedance is lower for a multi grounded system than the single point grounded neutral system.
(3) Freezing and arctic conditions have an adverse impact on the zero sequence impedance. A multi-grounded system neutral will still lower the zero sequence impedance over a single point ground. In fact, without the multi-grounded system, it is more probable that insufficient fault current will flow to properly operate the ground fault protection.
(4) Cost of Equipment for the multi-grounded system is lower.
(5) Safety Concerns on Cable Shields.
Medium voltage and high voltage cables typically have cable shields (NEC requirement above 5 kV) that need to be grounded. There are several reasons for this shield: To confine electric fields within the cable To obtain uniform radial distribution of the electric field To protect against induced voltages To reduce the hazard of shock If the shield is not grounded, the shock hazard can be increased. With the shield grounded at one point, induced voltage on the shield can be significant and create a shock hazard. Therefore, it is common practice to apply multiple grounds on the shield to keep the voltage limited to 25 volts. This practice of multi grounding cable shields includes the grounding of concentric neutrals on power cables thereby extending the need for multi grounding of neutrals on the power system.
Disadvantages of Multiple neutral grounding
(1) Less Electrical Safety in Public and Private Property.
With a multi grounded neutral distribution system it is necessary to have an electrical connection to earth at least 4 times per mile to keep the voltage on the multi grounded neutral from exceeding approximately 25 volts making it safe for the linemen should they come into contact with the neutral and the earth.
As per NESC Rule 096 C in the section with the multi grounded neutral conductor connected to earth at least 4 times per mile and at each transformer and lightning arrester there are now multiple paths over and through the earth that the hazardous electric current can flow over continuously, uncontrolled.
The path that this current flow takes through the earth cannot be determined. We cannot put an isotope on each electron and trace its path as it flows uncontrolled through the earth. It is irresponsible to permit stray uncontrolled electric current to flow into and over private property.
The National Electrical Code (NEC) requires the neutral in the service disconnect and over current panel board to be connected to the earth also. Now the secondary neutral is connected to earth a second time. A parallel connection of the neutral to earth now exists permitting hazardous electric current to flow continuously uncontrolled over the earth.
(2) Earth Fault Protection Relay setting is complicated.
Advantages of Single Grounded Neutral System
(1) More Reliable and Safe System.
(2) Protection Relay Setting is more easy in Single Grounded Neutral:
Protective relays need to sense abnormal conditions, especially those involving a ground fault. The single point grounded system, with or without a neutral conductor, current flowing into the ground should be considered abnormal (excluding normal charging current). For sensing of ground faults are:
A current transformer in the location where the neutral is grounded can be used to sense the ground fault (zero sequence) current.
A zero sequence CT enclosing the three phase and neutral conductors.
Four CT residue circuit (Three CT residual with neutral CT cancellation).
Protecting against ground faults on a multi-grounded neutral system is more difficult than the single point grounded system since both neutral and ground fault currents must be considered.
Neutral current and likewise ground fault current can flow in both the neutral and the ground. So, We have must calculate both current as the amount of neutral current which may flow in the circuit, and the ground fault setting must be above this neutral current. This is self explanatory from Fig.
(3) Sensing of Ground Fault current:
While the sensing of the ground fault current in the single point grounded system is less complex than the multi grounded system, the amount of ground fault current on the single-point grounded system may be greatly limited due to the fact that all ground fault current must return through the earth. This is especially true where the earth resistivity is high, the soil is frozen or the soil is extremely dry.
Apple on Tuesday announced that iBooks Texbooks and iTunes U Course Manager, two education-oriented products from the company, are expanding into new markets around the world, including Asia, Latin America, and Europe.
With the additions, iBooks Textbooks are now available in a total of 51 countries, including Brazil, Italy, and Japan. In addition. iTunes U Course Manager is now available in 70 countries, including Russia, Thailand, and Malaysia."The incredible content and tools available for iPad provide teachers with new ways to customize learning unlike ever before," said Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. "We can't wait to see how teachers in even more countries will create their new lesson plans with interactive textbooks, apps and rich digital content."Apple first launched digital iBooks Textbooks in early 2012 , an idea that was a "vision" of late company co-founder Steve Jobs. The fullscreen textbooks feature interactive animations, rotating 3D diagrams, flick-through photo galleries and tap-to-play videos.There are now nearly 25,000 educational titles created by independent publishers, teachers and leading education service companies. New educational content is available from Cambridge University Press, Oxford University Press and Hodder Education, helping to cover 100 percent of U.S. high school core curriculum and the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) core curriculum in the U.K."Oxford University Press is using iBooks Author for Headway, Oxford's all-time best-selling English language series, to create engaging iBooks Textbooks for iPad," said Peter Marshall, Managing Director, ELT Division at Oxford University Press. "In releasing 13 new iBooks Textbooks, including 'Headway Pre-Intermediate,' the best-selling level in the series, we are enriching the language learning experience for students around the world."As for iTunes U, the Course Manager feature allows educators to quickly and easily share knowledge and resources directly with their class or to a global audience. By using Apple's free iOS application, users can access the world's largest online catalog of free educational content from top schools, leading universities and prominent institutions.iTunes U Course Manager also gives teachers the ability to integrate their own documents as part of course curriculum, as well as content from the Internet, hundreds of thousands of digital books on the iBooks Store, over 750,000 materials from the existing iTunes U library, or any of the more than one million iOS apps available on the App Store."iPad is so much more than just a textbook or just a notepad for students--it's a powerful educational tool, a study partner, a window into the past and a glimpse of the future," said Sophie Post, fourth grade history teacher at UK's Falkner House school. "Teaching history was once a static timeline of events. In leveraging the entire educational ecosystem of iPad, creating my own iBooks Textbooks and iTunes U courses, and pulling in apps like History: Maps of the World, studying history has suddenly become a creative, dynamic and truly transformative experience for my pupils."
Data Use - Fine Particulate Air Pollution and Diabetes The Lancet Planetary Health – July 13, 2018
Using satellite-based Global Annual PM2.5 Grids from MODIS, MISR and SeaWiFS Aerosol Optical Depth (AOD), v1 from SEDAC to uncover the relationship between air pollution and type 2 diabetes.
Data Use - Closed Season - Land Subsidence and Groundwater Sensing Our Planet – July 3, 2018
Population data from SEDAC combined with NASA satellite imagery to examine groundwater storage and land subsidence in Mexico.
Data Use - Population, Storm Energy and Tornado Casualties Geophysical Research Letters - April 30, 2017
SEDAC Gridded Population of the World (GPW) v4 data were used in an examination of the population and energy elasticity of tornado casualties.
Map Gallery - Urban Spatial Data Historical Urban Population: 3700 BC - AD 2000
A map collection featuring historical urban population from 3700 BC to 2000 AD for the world.
Map Gallery - India Data Collection India Winter Cropped Area, 2016
A new map collection featuring annual winter cropped area for India (2001-2016).
Map Gallery - Satellite-Derived Environmental Indicators Global Annual PM2.5 Grids from MODIS, MISR and SeaWiFS Aerosol Optical Depth with GWR, 1998-2016
A map collection featuring data derived from satellite observations such as Global Annual PM2.5 Grids from MODIS, MISR and SeaWiFS Aerosol Optical Depth (AOD) with GWR, 1998-2016.
Tools and Apps - GMIS and HBASE from Landsat Global Man-made Impervious Surface (GMIS) and Global Human Built-up And Settlement Extent (HBASE) datasets from Landsat are available via mapping tool.
Tools and Apps - Population Estimation Service (PES) v3 The Population Estimation Service (PES), v3 is a Web-based service for estimating population totals, basic demographic characteristics, and related statistics within a user-defined region.
Tools and Apps - SEDAC Hazards and Population Mapper (HazPop) The Hazards and Population Mapper (HazPop) is a free mobile application that enables users to easily display recent natural hazard data in relationship to population, major infrastructure, and satellite imagery.
Theme - Applications of Satellite Remote Sensing Find data sets, maps, map services, featured uses of data and other resources related to Applications of Satellite Remote Sensing.
Theme - Biodiversity Conservation and Protected Areas Find data sets, maps, map services, featured uses of data and other resources related to Biodiversity Conservation and Protected Areas.
Theme - Land Use and Land Cover Change Find data sets, maps, map services, featured uses of data and other resources related to Land Use and Land Cover Change.
Resource - GMIS and HBASE: Data Products from NASA SEDAC A brief video introducing the Human Built-up and Settlement Extent (HBASE) and Global Man-made Impervious Surface (GMIS) data sets and how to use the mapping tool to visualize the data.
Resource - Webinar: People and Pixels Revisited This cyberseminar looked at future directions for the integration of remote sensing into social science research.
LUBBOCK, Texas — A Texas man has been fired from their job at the Children's Home of Lubbock for their “lifestyle choices” after introducing a group of the home's teenage boys to their fiancé during a day trip earlier this month.
Casey Stegall, an openly gay human development and family studies major at Texas Tech University, says they “got fired just for me being who I am,” reports the Lubbock Avalanche-Journal.
A year after being hired and spending week after week caring for the children living at the home, they were dismissed for circumstances revolving around what Lynn Harms, president of the organization, called Stegall's lifestyle choices. “As a faith-based, church-related outreach providing welfare services, if you will, to children and families, there is a set of biblical values that we adhere to and live by,” Harms said. “When you are implementing life training and so forth — particularly with children — to put a confused message out there is counterproductive.” In Stegall's eyes, it was discrimination, but in the eyes of the law, it's legal.
Stegall says they were accused of public displays of affection with another man, and fired without an opportunity to defend himself.
Harms said that modeling a lifestyle not in line with the organization's interpretation of the Bible is not acceptable, and new employees are briefed on the Children's Home's values during orientation.
“If you want to try to force our culture to meet your expectations, that's not going to go well,” Harms said. “I don't feel like the culture here has to meet an individual's desire for the world to be different.”
In this video from the Lubbock Avalanche-Journal, Stegall discusses their ordeal:
Although the Children's Home of Lubbock is funded in part by the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services, state law does not currently protect employees from discrimination based on their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Stegall says they have been struggling to find a lawyer to represent their case, even though they know it's likely that they would lose in court.
This Story Filed Under
(CNN) -- As the Olympic torch makes its way westward through London, Paris and San Francisco on its way to Beijing, it has been attracting well-financed, organized protests representing various single-issue groups that normally do not even work together.
L. Ling-chi Wang: "Humility and compassion, not hypocrisy and self-righteousness, is what is needed."
Among these groups are various factions of the Free Tibet movement, the groups against genocide in Darfur, global warming, Burma's military dictatorship, job loss in the U.S., and such diverse groups as the Falun Gong and Taiwan independence activists.
The Beijing Olympics is a godsend for these groups because it affords them the opportunity to disrupt the torch relay.
The media, as usual, have seized the opportunity to pour fuel onto the fire. Politicians are tripping over each other in their eagerness to condemn China, to call for boycotts, and to claim the high moral ground, even though the United States has been treated as a rogue state worldwide because of our invasion of Iraq, and our unlawful detention, torture, rendition, etc.
Sadly, most Americans know little about international issues and for that matter, China, as demonstrated by the conspicuous absence of information regarding historical context and complexity. Instead, the media, politicians and organized groups prefer to use only sound bites and, frequently, disinformation to perpetuate ignorance, instill fear, and incite racial hostility, or worse, hatred toward China.
What they do know is this: Just about everything they use and wear daily comes from China. Even the new section of the San Francisco Bay Bridge is being made in Shanghai.
What they also don't know is how Chinese in China are viewing and preparing for the Olympics in August. Not since the 10-year nightmare of the Cultural Revolution have the Chinese been more dedicated to and collectively mobilized for a national project: to host the first Olympics in China.
'The Situation Room' Wolf Blitzer interviews L. Ling-chi Wang about anti-China protests.
5 p.m. ET Wednesday see full schedule »
This project aspires to engage the world and to incentivize further reform in China. More than 200 million Chinese, for example, are learning English and the torch relay will be greeted by all China's provinces and major cities before reaching Beijing.
China, like many countries in the world, including the U.S., has problems. It has much to learn from the rest of the world. For example, China has yet to learn how to understand and treat its minorities -- such as Tibetans, Uighurs, Muslims, Hmongs -- as equals.
In this respect, they are not that different from us. We are still learning how to treat minorities such as Native Americans, African-Americans, Latinos, Chinese-Americans and others as equals.
Humility and compassion, not hypocrisy and self-righteousness, is what is needed.
I am not opposed to free speech and legitimate protests against China's wrongdoings. However, I am opposed to using the Olympics to demonize China and its people and disruptive, confrontational, and violent tactics. Such actions have the effect of desecrating the Olympics and humiliating and insulting the people of China. No good can come of them.
Protests and confrontations along the torch route may even incite Chinese xenophobia and nationalism and result in decisions to retreat from its increased openness to and engagement with the West.
If this should happen, it will be a major setback for the 1.3 billion people in China and for world peace and prosperity.
L. Ling-chi Wang is professor emeritus of Asian American & Ethnic Studies at the University of California, Berkeley.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer. E-mail to a friend
All About China • Olympic Games
This post has been updated to include Jason Dworkin's answers to questions from readers.
As we enter the third day of the shutdown, hundreds of thousands of federal government employees remain furloughed. These workers have a wide array of jobs from park rangers and lawyers, to animal keepers and economists.
Here's your chance to find out who they are and what they do. Today, Jason Dworkin, chief of astrochemistry at NASA, shares what it's like to be a scientist at the agency.
What have you always wanted to know about NASA? Leave your questions for them in the comments and they will return later this afternoon to answer selected questions right here in this post. Jason will try to respond to as many relevant questions as they can.
Name: Jason Dworkin
Agency: NASA
Title: Chief of astrochemistry; director of Astrobiology Analytical Lab; project scientist for OSIRIS-REx
Status during shutdown: On call
Explain to us what your job entails.
I have three primary responsibilities.
First, I perform research on meteoritic organic compounds important for life. This entails running a research laboratory akin to the things you see on forensic crime show.
Second, I am the chief of astrochemistry, which is a department at NASA Goddard, which involves helping members of the organization make connections, write proposals, nurture junior scientists, maintain high performance standards.
Third, I am the project scientist for OSIRIS-REx. This is a mission to return a sample of asteroid Bennu for scientific study. We launch in 2016 and return the sample in 2023.
You perform research on meteoritic organic compounds important for life. What exactly does that mean?
I study organic compounds from meteorites, how the Earth was formed and how life arose. Not just the Earth, but the solar system – Mars, Europa.
Here's a longer explanation:
What does a typical day look like?
I typically work 10-12 hours/day with numerous meetings, telecons and e-mail. Surprisingly, in a mission or organization communication is harder than engineering or science. Beyond that, there is no typical day.
Here are Jason's responses to a few questions from the comments below.
Jessica Stahl: “On call” during the shutdown – what kind of astrochemical emergency might get you called to duty?
Jason Dworkin (JD): There are a number of labs in my organization with dangerous chemicals. In the highly unlikely event of a natural disaster or some other way for chemicals in storage to breach, I can be contacted by first responders to aid in understanding the hazards and in securing the equipment. In addition, there are some lab machines which, even in standby may sound an alarm requiring attention to prevent damage every month or so.
Jessica Stahl: A mission like the OSIRIS-REx takes so long – launching 3 years from now, 2 years in transit before it even gets to anything, and returning to Earth in 2023. It always seems to me that NASA scientists must have unending patience. Does it get frustrating that things like that take so long to pay off? Are you working continuously on the project in that time or is it in stops and starts?
JD: Yes, planetary missions take a long time, but the rewards are high. Since there is no chance of repair, everything must be thought out well before launch. This phase of the mission is planning and preparing for an external review which will demonstrate that we are ready to start building hardware. My time on OSIRIS-REx will go up and down as I am needed throughout the project. Most science is a long game, not just NASA work. Research can take years to show a definitive result. But the ability to discover and share something that has been unknown to humanity is thrilling.
-bc-: Are there any other plans for sample return missions to other objects in the Solar System?
JD: Samples from the moon returned by Apollo and the Soviets, samples of the solar wind were returned by NASA's Genesis mission and samples of comet Wild 2 were returned by NASA's Stardust mission. I have had the privilege of working on both Stardust and Apollo samples. Currently there is desire to return samples from many places, principally Mars, but currently no funded projects to do so.
ScienceTim: OSIRIS-REx is kind of a long way from launch, but not infinitely long — only three years away. If the shutdown extends as long as four weeks (a modern record!), how might that one-month delay affect the ability to meet the launch window for the target asteroid?
JD: There should be sufficient margin such that we will not miss our launch window (though at a cost of money, risk, and/or degradation of the science return). I hope the same can be said for MAVEN.
Summakor: How is your work performance evaluated?
JD: Performance is primarily evaluated based on publications, presentations at scientific conferences, awards, and the ability to secure funding for research. Under full cost accounting, all NASA scientists are required to obtain funding for 2040 hours of labor for themselves each year (plus the cost of experiments, supplies, travel, overhead, and staff).
itsjustridiculous: How many billions of dollars could the US government save if it shut down NASA permanently? Do we really need to know if we can grow tomatoes on Jupiter? We live on Earth, we have tomatoes here.
JD: Exploration (of science, space, new lands, etc.) is the pursuit of powerful and prosperous nations. If you believe that the United States of America is no longer powerful or prosperous, then perhaps we should eat our seed corn as you suggest. I hope that you believe, like I do, that America's best days are not behind us and that it is still worth investing in the future.
Quanta: It appears that increasingly more space exploration and work is being taken over by private-sector companies, as evidenced, as just one example, by launches of space vehicles to deliver materials to the space lab. It once was believed that space work was so demanding and resource hungry that only the government — NASA in particular — could ever be a serious player. My own projection is that private-sector organizations will continue to carve out more and more of the space industry to itself, arguably doing so more efficiently and effectively, with every bit the same level of quality outcomes to space advancement. What do you think?
JD: It is appropriate that as technology advances, cost decreases, and risk becomes acceptable more aspects of space exploration will become privatized. What an exciting time when undergraduate students can explore planets with spacecraft they have designed! In the meantime, I believe it is important that NASA employ scientists who are versed and active in state-of-the-art science to provide advice on how to most efficiently enable the Nation's goals in scientific exploration of Earth and space.
SandraCS: What do you think are the public policy implications of your work or do you think this work serves more to add to our base of scientific knowledge? How critical to or is there a link from this type of research to our current challenges related to climate change? Finally, how do you develop a “big picture” perspective with respect to your research? I can imagine that laboratory research can at times be so granular that I often wonder how scientists are able to take a step back from this type of work to be thinking of larger science/societal questions, impacts, etc. Do you think that has more to do with education/training, personality/approach or other factors?
JD: Asteroid Bennu, the target of OSIRIS-REx, has an about 1 in 2500 chance of impacting the Earth in the late 22nd century. Understanding the chemistry of the asteroid can help scientists better predict deviations to the orbit of this and other asteroids. Beyond that, the majority of my work merely expands human understanding of our place in the cosmos. It helps inform the public and our leaders and makes sure that our missions of space exploration are designed to ask the right questions. Nothing to do with climate change or saving lives or property today. I find that the best way to develop a big picture perspective is to present research results at interdisciplinary conferences and to share results with the public.
“We call on the president to sit down with us, Harry Reid to sit down with us, and let's resolve this problem,” they said.
But in their efforts to unify restive Republicans, House leaders were only widening the partisan divisions. Behind closed doors on Thursday, they laid out their demands for a debt ceiling increase that include the health law delay, fast-track authority to overhaul the tax code, construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline, offshore oil and gas production and more permitting of energy exploration on federal lands.
The legislation would also roll back regulations on coal ash, block new Environmental Protection Agency regulations on greenhouse gas production, eliminate a $23 billion fund to ensure the orderly dissolution of failed major banks, eliminate mandatory contributions to the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, limit medical malpractice lawsuits and increase means testing for Medicare, among other provisions.
Even with that legislative Christmas tree, many Republican backbenchers balked. After introducing the measure to their divided troops, a sheepish speaker of the House faced the press with a grimace. “Oh, this ought to be a blast,” Mr. Boehner sighed as they opened a news conference for questions.
Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York, the No. 2 Democrat, derided the proposal. “The House is attaching the Republican Party platform to the debt ceiling,” they said. “In a week full of absurdities, this one takes the cake.”
Republican divisions in the Senate burst into full public view on Thursday. Incensed that hard-liners in their party were slowing final votes on legislation to keep the government open, Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, went to the Senate floor to accuse two fellow Republican senators, Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah, of grandstanding for the benefit of their conservative-activist followers.
“Y'all have sent out releases and e-mails, and you want everybody to be able to watch,” they charged.
Economists of all political persuasions have warned that a failure to raise the debt ceiling by the Treasury's deadline of Oct. 17 could be catastrophic. The world economy's faith in the safety of Treasury debt would be shaken for years. Interest rates could shoot up, and stock prices worldwide would most likely plummet.
Seizure of Koza-İpek entirely legal, no government involvement: PM Davutoğlu
ANKARA
The process leading to the appointment of a board of trustees to manage the Koza-İpek Group, which has seen 23 of its companies seized by a local court as part of a crackdown on followers of the government's ally-turned-nemesis Fethullah Gülen, is “entirely legal,” Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu has said.Davutoğlu's remarks late on Oct. 29 came hours after dailies Bugün and Millet were taken over, with their printing halted in the late hours of Oct. 28 and riot police storming their sister TV stations and forcing them off air.“Directly accusing the government and the executive body during the legal process is not right,” they said in an interview with private broadcaster NTV. Riot police had fired tear gas and water cannon while storming the Istanbul offices of two TV stations owned by Koza-İpek, triggering brawls with staff and demonstrations in protest.“I'm stating very openly and clearly that this is an entirely legal process. Any intervention from our side is out of the question,” Davutoğlu said, indicating that if they had planned to be involved in such an affair they would not choose the days in the run-up to the Nov. 1 snap election.“It would not be right if you judge every decision by the judiciary according to your own point of view, or if some professions are perceived as ‘untouchable.' Of course there is press freedom in Turkey, this should definitely be respected,” they added, urging everyone to be “respectful” of the ongoing legal process.Earlier, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan seemingly justified the appointment of the trustee board to manage the Koza-İpek Group.“There are different things behind the support [for the group],” Erdoğan said late on Oct. 28. “The reason for the appointment of a trustee board should be considered thoroughly because its top man is on the run,” they told broadcaster Kanal 24.Referring to Koza-İpek CEO Akın İpek's claim that there was no irregular transfer of money abroad, Erdoğan questioned why in that case they are now “on the run.”
Remember when you were young, bratty and complaining about something stupid? Maybe your brother got to stay up later than you because they were older, maybe you were upset because nobody would watch you dive into the swimming pool or maybe you were even angry because your sister's hot dog was cut into 5 pieces while yours was cut into only 4 pieces.
So, you unleashed the favorite complaint of small children, “That's not fair!” Then, almost inevitably, some adult responded by saying, “Life's not fair. Get used to it.”
Now, if you were denied that formative experience, maybe it would explain why you're one of the losers who run around crying about “white privilege.” I say that because whining about “white privilege” is nothing more than the liberal equivalent of saying, “Life is not fair.” That's pretty appropriate since liberals like to think of themselves as sophisticated, but their thought processes are as simple as those of children.
Supposedly, white people have all these “privileges” which are so trivial they're practically meaningless. Here are some very representative “white privileges” I actually took from a liberal article that scored high in the Google search rankings with my comments following.
1. I can if I wish arrange to be in the company of people of my race most of the time. (Wait, what?)
6. I can turn on the television or open to the front page of the paper and see people of my race widely represented. (Hooray, it's all the Hillary Clinton, Bruce Jenner and Lena Dunham we can stand!)
26. I can easily buy posters, post-cards, picture books, greeting cards, dolls, toys and children's magazines featuring people of my race. (Wow, what a burden this must be.)
35. I can take a job with an affirmative action employer without having my co-workers on the job suspect that I got it because of my race. (Well, let's stop discriminating against white people with Affirmative Action and no one will have to wonder about that.)
50. I will feel welcomed and "normal" in the usual walks of public life, institutional and social. (That sounds like a personal problem, not a race problem.)
Of course, it's very easy to blow holes in this silliness.
For example, who's more “privileged?” Eric Holder or the white guy working as a greeter at Wal-Mart? Who has more “privilege” in life, Sasha Obama or a white child of the same age whose father is a gardener? Who's the more privileged one? Oprah Winfrey or one of the white housewives who watches their show? Spike Lee or a white guy who delivers their pizza? Al Sharpton or a white factory worker who'd go to jail if they didn't pay their taxes for years?
This is where most people stop when they talk about “white privilege,” but there's a more important point to be made. Not only is life not fair, it's unfair for so many different reasons that it's impossible to make it fair.
There's no way to make life into a video game where every person starts at the exact same point, with the exact same resources.
For example, if you want to talk about privilege, what about “black privilege?” Barack Obama wouldn't be President of the United States without it. So, what are some “black privileges?”
* How about being more likely to be hired for diversity purposes if you're good?
* You're less likely to be fired if you're a terrible employee because businesses feel like they need a longer paperwork trail to fire a black guy.
* You can chalk up complaints made about you by white people to racism.
* Affirmative Action and race-based preferences mean you may get jobs or get into universities over more qualified applicants.
We could go on and on with this – and we could do this for just about every group you can imagine. For example, what about “female privilege?”
* Men are expected to pick up checks on dates.
* You're more likely to graduate from college if you're female.
* The homicide rate is much higher for men than women.
* You're more likely to get the kids after a divorce.
Of course, you could just as easily do the same thing with men.
* You can have sex with a lot of different women without being labeled a slut.
* You don't have to worry about being raped on a date.
* You're more likely than a woman to be chosen as a leader.
* You don't need to wear make-up to look your best.
On the flip side, we could just as easily come up with disadvantages for almost every group. For example, pretty much anyone who's poor or middle class would rather be rich. That's understandable. But, rich people have issues, too.
* They're more likely to be audited by the IRS.
* They don't always know if their friends or partners like them for themselves or for their money.
* People are always trying to talk them into loaning or giving them their money.
* Having plenty of money can demotivate people and make them lazy.
Of course, we can go even further than that. What about genetic gifts or luck?
* If Lebron James was 5' 8" instead of 6' 8," not only would they not be a great basketball player, they wouldn't even be in the NBA.
* Talented though they may be, if Megyn Kelly were a 5 on a 10 scale instead of looking like a Greek goddess, they wouldn't have a show on Fox News.
* If Albert Einstein didn't have a genius level IQ, they would have just been some eccentric guy with weird hair.
* If Bill Gates had been fascinated by trains instead of computers, chances are he'd be an executive at a railroad today instead of a billionaire who revolutionized computing.
If you want to go even further, if you're at college, you're privileged compared to the people who only have high school educations. Having two parents? That's a much bigger factor than any racial or sexual difference. If you really want to get down to the nitty gritty, you can say EVERYONE living in America today is privileged. How does living here compare to being in, let's say, Afghanistan? We also live in an incredible point in history where we have opportunities that would boggle the mind of previous generations. If you were born 1000 years ago, you'd probably be a subsistence farmer hoping to scratch a living out of the dirt for one more year because that's what almost everybody did.
This is why it's so silly to talk about “white privilege.” It requires you to block out a hundred other pluses and minuses you have in your life, narrowly focus on a so-insignificant-you-can-barely-see-it set of advantages you think someone else has, and then hold a little pity party for yourself.
It really is the adult equivalent of the four year old crying that they got “less” than their sister because their hot dog was cut into five pieces while theirs was cut into four. Children who do that just need to be educated. Adults who still think like little children instead of taking responsibility for their own lives are losers. So, don't be a loser. Stop obsessing over how many hot dog pieces someone else has, take responsibility and do something great with your own life instead.
Omega Pharma-QuickStep has pinpointed Matteo Trentin as the rider most likely to lead out Mark Cavendish at the Tour de San Luis, which starts on Monday. The event marks Cavendish's first race for the Belgian team since their move from Sky at the tail end of 2012. Related Articles Cavendish to target Tour de France stages and the green jersey
Contador and Cavendish headline at Tour de San Luis
Hushovd heads to San Luis for comeback race
Cavendish opens their Omega Pharma account at the Tour de San Luis
Speaking to Cyclingnews before a five-hour training ride in the hills around San Luis, Martin Velits confirmed that Trentin's speed and experience made them the best candidate, although they indicated that the team would work en masse to help Cavendish win.
"We've Trentin, and he's pretty fast and had some good lead-outs last year. We've a couple of fast guys who can take over inside the final 3 kilometres," Velits told Cyclingnews.
"We had two training camps when we practiced team lead-outs and time trialing," they added.
"We've done a lot of drills and I think everyone is ready. I'm not the guy who will be there to help in the last kilometre. I'll be the guy who helps control the race in the begging and then maybe have a job in the last 5 kilometres."
Legs permitting, Cavendish has a strong chance of picking up the first two stages of the race, should they end in bunch sprints. However Velits warned that controlling the race with six-man teams could be a major factor. While some of the national teams in the race have been allocated seven spots in the race, the WorldTour teams have been awarded just six.
"It will be about controlling the race in the sprint stages. It will be difficult to control with six men, there are some teams with seven but there are more WorldTour teams here so hopefully that means that the race will be more controlled.
"Hopefully from day one we can get some help from teams with sprinters or from the teams with GC guys who don't want big breaks to get away. After day one, it all depends, because if we win I don't think we'll get much help. But if we don't win then I still expect us to get some help."
Team director at the race, and former pro-rider, Davide Bramati, added: "We know already the parcours and the road here even if there are slight changes. The course is difficult, with uphill finishes, a time trial and few stages for the sprinters. We will see day by day how to interpret the race. We have good riders and it would be great to start our season with a good result."
The price is (almost always) right. (Brent Lewin/Bloomberg News)
Two years ago, the Washington state began an unprecedented policy experiment by allowing large-scale production and sale of recreational marijuana to the public. The effects on public health and safety and on the relationship of law enforcement to minority communities will take years to manifest fully, but one impact has become abundantly clear: Legalized marijuana is getting very cheap very quickly.
Marijuana price data from Washington's Liquor and Cannabis Board was aggregated by Steve Davenport of the Pardee RAND Graduate School and Jonathan Caulkins, a professor at Carnegie Mellon University. After a transitory rise in the first few months, which Davenport attributes to supply shortages as the system came online, both retail prices and wholesale prices have plummeted. Davenport said that prices “are now steadily falling at about 2 percent per month. If that trend holds, prices may fall 25 percent each year going forward.”
Although some observers will be surprised by these sharp price declines – perhaps particularly some investors in the emerging legal marijuana industry – seasoned drug policy analysts have long predicted this effect. As noted by Caulkins and their colleagues in the book "Marijuana Legalization: What Everyone Needs to Know," prohibition imposes many costs on drug producers. They must operate covertly, forgo advertising, pay higher wages to compensate for the risk of arrest, and lack recourse to civil courts for resolving contract disputes. Legal companies in contrast endure none of these costs and also can benefit from economies of scale that push production costs down.
Falling pot prices create winners and losers. Because state taxes are based on a percentage of the sales price, declining prices mean each sale puts less money in the public purse. On the other hand, bargain-basement prices undercut the black market, bringing the public reduced law enforcement costs, both in terms of tax dollars spent on jail and the damage done to individuals who are arrested.
For consumers who enjoy pot occasionally while suffering no adverse effects from it, low prices will be a welcome but minor benefit; precisely because they consume modest amounts, the price declines are only a modest win. On the downside, young people tend to be price-sensitive consumers, and their use of inexpensive pot may rise over time, as might that of problematic marijuana users.
1 of 14 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × An insider's look at pot farming around the world View Photos A few places where cannabis is farmed for medical or recreational use. Caption A few places where cannabis is farmed for medical or recreational use. July 1, 2014 Bob Leeds, a recreational pot grower in Seattle and owner of Sea of Green Farms, inspects “clone” plants growing under lights. The clones will develop into plants that produce the "flower" required to make potent recreational marijuana. Ted S. Warren/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
How cheap can legal pot become? Says Caulkins, “It's just a plant. There will always be the marijuana equivalent of organically grown specialty crops sold at premium prices to yuppies, but at the same time, no-frills generic forms could become cheap enough to give away as a loss leader – the way bars give patrons beer nuts and hotels leave chocolates on your pillow.”
Keith Humphreys is a professor of psychiatry and mental health policy director at Stanford University.
Media playback is not supported on this device Vettel goes for a spin around New York
Fresh doubt has been cast over whether next year's Grand Prix of America will go ahead as planned in New Jersey.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone told BBC Sport the race would "definitely" not happen, before saying that it would if the track were ready in time.
Race president Tom Cotter insisted the track was ahead of schedule.
But on Saturday, when asked by the BBC News Channel's Inside F1 programme if New Jersey would happen, Ecclestone said: "No. Definitely, no."
It is the second time in two months the F1 chief has expressed reservations about the race.
"We'll have to see, I need to go and have another look," Ecclestone said. "What I've seen up to now, and what's been going on, I'm not quite as sure as they are.
"If they can get it completed and confirm to us it will be done, for sure, they'll be on the calendar."
Sebastian Vettel on the New Jersey track being ready "If they can do that (the Freedom Tower) in one year, it shouldn't be a big problem to lay some Tarmac and put some fences up."
Previously, at the Chinese Grand Prix in April, also in a BBC interview, Ecclestone said: "Maybe the New York race will be 2013. It's if they're going to finish everything - it's a case of when."
The event, which runs along a street course overlooking the Hudson River and Manhattan skyline, is planned to be twinned with the Canadian Grand Prix next June.
Cotter said it would run the week after the Montreal race.
The New Jersey organisers held a promotional event last week at which world champion Sebastian Vettel drove the track layout in a road car.
The Red Bull driver said: "The circuit is not anywhere near close to being ready, but as I said, it would be great.
"I think you can do a lot in one year. It was exactly one year since I last went to New York. They are building the Freedom Tower in Manhattan, and it's nearly done.
"If they can do that in one year, it shouldn't be a big problem to lay some Tarmac and put some fences up."
On the subject of a potential grand prix around the Olympic Stadium in London, Ecclestone said: "We're talking."
They added that it was "a couple of years away" before it could happen.
BBC F1 co-commentator David Coulthard was in New Jersey for the promotional event and drove the track.
They said: "They think they're ahead of schedule. They're talking about 12 months from now, but it's a lot of work - the road is so bowed in the middle. That's the main thing they have to do to have a proper street track."
I have no major objections to this paper aside from a few typos and a couple of issues.
E.g.: "merely presents it is a more useful form": Change is to "in"
An issue that I can see coming up is related to this sentence: "Gathering the photos would have taken up a lot of hard drive space but could be done in a future scraping". You should mention possible legal problems arising from releasing users photo.
Also you should update this sentence: "Presenting the data at city-level would however take too much space because there are 8,570 different cities in the dataset". As there are no city-level data in the updated dataset, you cannot present it in the paper (or else you'd violate the open sharing philosophy that you're embracing and revert to the old system). Instead, state the real reason why you cannot present the data at city-level, that is it had to be removed from the data file due to legal issues related to privacy laws.
I didn't see the new data file but I suppose it still has the country-level info, otherwise it'd not make sense to publish table 1.
When Tanya Huether lost thousands of dollars in electronics after a break-in this week, they were determined to get their valuables back.
Huether's dogged sleuthing paid off, eventually not only recovering their items, but leading police to a cache of goods from break-ins across the region and the arrests of four people.
article continues below
Huether, a Lacombe, Alta., resident, was staying with friends on Saanich Road on Monday when the home was burgled. Thieves stole Huether's iPad, MacBook Pro, $500 camera lens, a camera backpack - totalling almost $4,000 - and their friend's backpack with valuable research items.
Huether, a 33-year-old university recruiter, reported the burglary to Saanich police and cancelled their flight back to Alberta.
The thieves had disabled the Track My iPad app, but didn't know about the Track My Friends app, GPS-based software that allows friends with the same application to track each other.
They also didn't turn off the iPad, which would have made it untraceable.
"So they were smart, but not smart enough," they said.
Them tech-savvy brother, Steve Huether, traced the iPad to a Langford apartment building. Tanya Huether and Dale McCreery, the friend whose backpack was stolen, went to the building and searched dumpsters for their stuff.
They called Saanich police, who told them that without pinpointing a suite, there wasn't enough evidence for a warrant.
At 6 a.m. Tuesday, Steve Huether told their sister they had tracked the iPad to another apartment, at 611 Admirals Rd. in Esquimalt. The location was so accurate that using their iPhone, Tanya Huether could track the iPad to one of the three balconies to the right of the building's front entrance.
The bottom suite was for rent, so they knew it was either the second-or thirdstorey suite.
"At the time, I was thinking, 'I really want my iPad.
I know it's there,' " they said.
McCreery, 30, said the two felt close, but not close enough. "Without concrete proof it was in one suite or another, the signal wasn't strong enough to track it to one apartment," said the University of Victoria masters student. "We knew that unless we found something, it wouldn't be enough for a warrant."
On a hunch, Tanya Huether checked cars in the parking lot and saw their camera backpack inside a Jeep. "I said, 'We've got them,' " Huether recalled.
They called Victoria police, who linked the car's owner to tenants on the second floor. Officers arrested four prolific offenders: two men, one from Esquimalt and one with no fixed address, and two women, one from Esquimalt and one from Saanich. They are facing charges of possession of stolen property.
Police found Huether and McCreery's items among a trove of belongings from thefts across Greater Victoria: boxes filled with credit cards, large plastic tubs of laptops, guitars and three litres of gamma-hydroxybutyric acid (GHB), commonly known as the date-rape drug.
Huether and McCreery talked to tenants of the building, who expressed gratitude that the suspected criminals were being hauled out.
One elderly woman watched the female resident being loaded into a police cruiser and said, "Can they see out of there? Because I'd like to give them the finger one more time," McCreery said.
Victoria police said it will take weeks to catalogue the evidence and attempt to return items to the rightful owners.
Tanya Huether is back in Lacombe, revelling in the triumphant feeling that "for once, the good guys win." kderosa@timescolonist.com
Here's a post from one of the burglary victims:
http://www.reddit.com/r/VictoriaBC/comments/yasti/be_followed_by_some_sweet_sweet_justice/
So, day before yesterday evening myself and some friends got back to where we were staying to discover that it had been burgled, and not by no cat. About six grand worth of stuff was missing, including my backpack. The crooks thought it was their lucky day, but little did they know that THE TRIUMVIRATE OF JUSTICE was about to rain on their pitiful parade. Unbeknownst to them, there was more than standard issue tracking software installed on the i-pad they had surreptitiously swiped, and though they thought their tracks were covered, they stood out loud and clear. After the constabulary had assessed the damage, two friends and myself headed out to stake out the apartment building pegged as the probable lair of these Victorian ne'er-do-wells. We checked all the dumpsters in the area, and looked in all the vehicles, but turned up nothing, and the i-pad was no longer giving us a location. Nevertheless, we resolved to return in the early morning hours, should these criminals attempt to leave the premises with our property. At five a.m. our local eye in the sky tech wizard a.k.a. Oracle, informed us of movement, so six a.m. found us at yet another location, where through some diligent police work, one friend thought they saw a familiar vehicle from the night before, and a closer observation revealed their backpack in the back seat. At that point we called in the locals to take out the trash, which they did - arresting a handful of individuals, seizing a pair of villainous vehicles (we laughed as they were towed), and gaining access to an apartment frequented by a malicious band of (reputed) meth-dealing miscreants (in Esquimalt). Sweet sweet justice. The story continues to unfold, and a lot of property has yet to be recovered, but rest assured that when trouble strikes, WE may just possibly be there. ready. waiting. All in all a better ending than we were expecting.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Modern football has plenty of irritiations. But is there anything more frustrating than the classic last-minute injury?
You know the one we mean. That innocuous-looking 89th minute knock which means a player has to go down and seek treatment - which only ever happens if the player is happy with the scoreline.
Many times, we've seen one of these mysteriously painful injuries occur - and desperately wanted to pick up the "injured" player, dump them on the sidelines and let the game continue.
That's why Al Ahly's Saad Samir might now be our favourite player.
Al Ahly are currently going for the Egyptian title, so were desperate to win their most recent game against El Gounah - who would have been very happy with a point.
As you can see in the clip above, the score was 1-1 when an El Gounah player went down with what appeared to be cramp. And just check out how Samir reacted.
Not prepared to have the game delayed while their team chased a winner, they just picked up the injured player and dumped them off the pitch.
It didn't go down too well with the opposition - but for us?
Saad Samir: you're our hero.
When I heard that the internationally acclaimed singer, songwriter and record producer Lorde was reconsidering a decision to play in Israel I had a gut feeling that they would cancel the show. This weekend, they did just that. “[I]'ve received an overwhelming number of messages and letters and have had a lot of discussions with people holding many views, and i think the right decision at this time is to cancel the show,” they said in a statement.
I believe history will look back at their decision as an important step on the path to freedom, justice and equality in Palestine/Israel.
Palestinian rights activists were quick to show their support. But not everyone agrees with Lorde's decision, and a glance at social media reveals the beginnings of the backlash that has already begun from Israel supporters. Roseanne Barr called Lorde a “bigot”, while others have slammed them for giving in to BDS “pressure” — curious language given they responded to a letter from fans and decided to forgo what would have surely been a lucrative concert.
If anything, the incentives were structured very heavily in favor of them playing Tel Aviv, as they are for every artist facing the decision to forego a lucrative opportunity. Any pressure they faced came only from their own conscience after learning, weighing and discussing the issue carefully. Lorde also seems to have taken into consideration the requests of fans, like an open letter by Jewish and Palestinian New Zealander fans of theirs requesting they cancel their show, which is well worth reading.
Still, many have questioned their decision. One of their Israeli concert producers found a way to insult them in the process of explaining their decision, saying they were “naive to think a singer of their age could handle the pressure.” Keep in mind, Lorde is 21, and in Israeli society, 18-year-olds are conscripted and deemed perfectly capable of handling the responsibility of making life and death decisions while armed with heavy machine guns frequently directed toward Palestinian children. Not only is Lorde an adult fully capable of making their own decisions, they made the right one and a much wiser one than some other artists who have regrettably failed to heed the boycott call.
I believe that all artists should make the same decision Lorde did. And it has never been more urgent for them to do so than now.
Let's take a moment to review the context in which Lorde's decision took place. In the days and weeks ahead of this decision, President Trump made their Jerusalem declaration. The Israeli response to ensuing Palestinian protests have been typical of its brutal military occupation.
A few cases in particular are worth reflecting on. Take the murder of Ibrahim Abu Thuraya for example. A double amputee, Abu Thuraya had lost both legs in an Israeli airstrike a decade prior. Last week, they were shot by an Israeli sniper in the head while protesting inside the encaged Gaza Strip.
It should go without saying that there is no reason whatsoever to use lethal force against an unarmed double amputee. It should go without saying that their murder should shock the public conscience. But it didn't. As per usual, the Israeli military investigation found no wrongdoing and Israeli society didn't even blink. Some have even claimed Abu Thuraya was a terrorist; a wheelchair-bound man who provided for their family by washing cars and was known for climbing a power tower to display the Palestinian flag on high during protests really just had it coming to him.
Next, consider the case of Ahed Tamimi, also developing while Lorde was weighing this decision. Ahed, a girl of 16 from the village of Nabi Saleh, has been part of a family that has been at the forefront of protests against the Israeli occupation. For years, their village has protested the encroachment of an expanding illegal Israeli colony onto their land and Israeli soldiers, the henchmen of occupation, routinely use violence to repress the villagers on a weekly basis. Ahed has watched several of their family members die at the hands of this violent Israeli repression over the years and watched others get dragged away to Israeli prisons.
Last week, a video of Ahed slapping an Israeli soldier in front of their house went viral. Shortly before that recorded moment, Israeli soldiers had fired a rubber coated bullet into the face of one of their younger cousins, 14 year old Mohamed. The bullet was fired at a close enough range to shatter Mohamed's jaw, leaving blood pouring from their face and resulting in emergency surgery to reconstruct their jaw and a medically induced coma. After the video of Ahed hitting the soldiers went viral, Ahed, their cousin and mother were arrested and are being held, for days now, without charge.
Meanwhile, what was the response in Israeli society to video of a girl who has lost so much putting their lives on the line before a soldier, who could take it in an instant? It was not to ask “How dare we?” but rather “How dare she!”
Israel's Defense Minister, a settler himself, declared “Everyone involved, not only the girl but also their parents and those around them will not escape from what they deserve.” Israel's Education Minister Naftali Bennett, the guy responsible for educating Israel's children, said this Palestinian child should spend the rest of their days in prison. This is the same Minister who said that an Israeli soldier, Elor Azaria, who committed cold-blooded murder captured on video, should not serve a “single day in prison”. But that wasn't even the worst of it. Michael Oren, a Knesset member and former American and Ambassador to the US questioned whether the Tamimis were even a real family, and focused on Ahed's suspicious American clothes. Apparently, Palestinians that don't fit neatly into the racist stereotypes in Oren's mind must be mythical.
Judging by the words of their leaders and the press, Israelis by and large were unable to see this moment in Nabi Saleh for what it was: an instance of a brutal military occupation. Instead, they saw an unarmed 16 year old girl as the aggressor, and the heavily armed agent of occupation, whose army kills and arrests their family members and facilitates the theft of their land, as, somehow, the victim. “When I watched that, I felt humiliated, I felt crushed,” said Miri Regev, an Israeli Cabinet minister and former military spokesperson, who called the episode “damaging to the honor of the military and the state of Israel.” Think about that for a moment. Israelis, with the world's largest per capita nuclear arsenal and one of the most capable and powerful militaries in the world that wields its advanced planes, tanks and ships against stateless Palestinians, was left dishonored, crushed and humiliated, not by another army but by the empty palms of a 16 year old girl.
Things like the reactions of Israelis to Ahed Tamimi or their lack of response to the killing of Abu Thuraya demonstrate how the Israeli conscience, when it comes to the Palestinians it controls, has withered, rotted and died.
And it is moments like this that demonstrate exactly why the decision Lorde made is so important and justified.
Israeli leaders argue to their people that their policies and behavior toward the Palestinians are justified. They are aided and abetted in this enterprise by an international community that instead of sanctioning Israel has trade relations with them, and by a United States which instead of holding Israel accountable for its violations, continues to send $3.8 billion in aid year after year.
In other words, Israeli society is being told both internally and externally that their brutal oppression of Palestinians is A-OK. If Israelis are ever going to end their oppression of Palestinians, it needs to start with dramatic wake-up call to Israeli society, leading to a realization that there are costs to denying freedom and equality to millions of Palestinian human beings. Palestinian civil society has embraced non-violent economic action in the form of BDS as tactics to convey this message and calls for international solidarity in doing so.
Lorde's choice to heed this call helps send Israel the message that this situation is not normal and cannot be normalized, and that they cannot continue to ignore the injustices that they visit upon Palestinians. They join a growing list of artists and performers who have made the same decision, and many more will follow in their footsteps.
Just as in the case of South Africa, artists have an important role to play in the quest for peace and justice. And, just as in the case of South Africa, some of the same arguments that defenders of Apartheid South Africa used unsuccessfully against BDS efforts then are being recycled today to defend Israel's apartheid policies in the West Bank. These efforts, too, will be unsuccessful.
One of those arguments deployed against Lorde's decision has come from the “Whataboutist” camp. On Twitter, opponents were quick to point out that the singer is canceling their concert in Israel but not in Russia, also guilty of human rights abuses, and thus their boycott efforts and those of BDS more generally are hypocritical. This too is recycled South African Apartheid regime propaganda. In those days, anti-boycott advocates would point to other countries in Africa and Asia with poor human rights records, just as Israel defenders engage in whataboutery today to displace responsibility for the denial of Palestinian rights. The truth is, Apartheid South Africa did not have the worst human rights record in history, but it was the worst human rights abuser of native South African blacks. Likewise, Israel may not be the worst or only human rights abuser in the world today, but it is the worst human rights abuser of Palestinians.
Tactics like boycotts are specific to the context and are deployed for their utility. These tactics were embraced by Palestinian civil society, and increasingly international civil society, because the international state system has failed to hold Israel accountable for its violations. Unlike Russia or other states like North Korea, Myanmar or others where the US and others have deployed economic sanctions, Israel receives billions in weapons from Washington and receives blanket protection at the United Nations. With that said, should an oppressed population anywhere in the world organize a call for international solidarity against their oppressors who are flouting international law and have nonetheless found a way to evade any accountability from the state system, like sanctions or arms embargoes, then cultural icons should heed their call, just as they did for South Africans and just as they should for Palestinians.
One day, freedom, justice and equality will finally reign for Israelis and Palestinians alike. Then we can all sing and dance without a backdrop of racism, discrimination and brutality. I dream of the first concert in my homeland after freedom, when all the artists who boycotted can finally come back and play. I look forward to seeing Lorde there as part of a historic line up alongside Roger Waters, Lauryn Hill and many, many more.
This freedom concert will be well worth waiting for precisely because freedom is something well worth fighting for.
Yousef Munayyer, a political analyst and writer, is Executive Director of the US Campaign for Palestinian Rights.
This story "Thank You, Lorde, For Standing Up For Palestinian Human Rights" was written by Yousef Munayyer.
A UK tourist has been arrested and charged in Dubai for having “extramarital sex” after they reported being gang raped by two British men.
The 25-year-old woman was on holiday in the United Arab Emirates when the alleged attack took place last month, according to “Detained in Dubai,” a UK-based organization that “assists people who have become victims of injustice” in the UAE.
Upon reporting the rape to local police, the woman was allegedly arrested for breaking Emirati law against extramarital sex, and faces years in prison or severe physical punishment, including flogging and stoning to death, if convicted.
Read more
The unidentified woman's passport was confiscated by authorities before they were released on bail, while their alleged attackers have since flown home to Birmingham, according to The Sun, which reportedly spoke to a family friend of the victim.
The charges have been confirmed by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, says Detained in Dubai, who reiterated that “if the facts bear it out, [the case] deserves the utmost concern.”
"The UAE has a long history of penalizing rape victims," says Radha Stirling, founder and director of Detained in Dubai.
"Police regularly fail to differentiate between consensual intercourse and violent rape. Victims go to them expecting justice, and end up being prosecuted,” Stirling added.
“They not only invalidate their victimization, they actually punish them for it."
READ MORE: Two Saudi women jailed for driving freed from prison
All sex outside of marriage is illegal in the UAE, “irrespective of any relationship you may have with your partner in the UK” according to the British government's foreign travel advice for the middle eastern country.
“It's against the law to live together, or to share the same hotel room, with someone of the opposite sex to whom you aren't married or closely related,” reads the advice before warning that tourists “run the risk of prosecution, imprisonment and/or a fine and deportation” if they're found to have broken the law.
