You know a genre has arrived on the global stage when the Japanese music industry does something incomprehensible with it. Tokyo trio Babymetal graft robotic metal drumming and grim guitar crunch onto maniacally cutesy, achingly sentimental tunes, sprinkle them with goofy sugar-rush techno, and crown them with the gleaming superhuman voice of a computer-assisted teenager backed by two gleefully shrieking little girls—and by the awesome power of the J-pop idol machine. Lead singer Su-Metal is 17, while sidekicks Yuimetal and Moametal (credited with “scream, dance”) are both 15, so Babymetal seem due for their first personnel change since forming in 2010—unless their success in the States, where members of pop groups aren't seen as quite so interchangeable, buys them a reprieve. On this tour to promote the U.S. release of their self-titled 2014 debut, they're backed by a four-piece live band, and their Chicago date sold out in 30 minutes. Babymetal may owe their audience here to novelty, but at least they're genuinely novel. “Gimme Chocolate!!” opens with swooping, stuttering trance keyboard and the sidekicks chirping through what sounds like a nonsense playground chant, all set to viciously compressed gunmetal chugging—and then Su-Metal explodes into the song with an absurdly sunny chorus. The beautiful, brutally catchy “Megitsune” alternates between high-powered jets of frothy synth and what might be koto and shamisen (or electronic approximations), conjuring a sort of ersatz Japanese folk whose ghostly melancholy even colors the song's gurgling, down-tuned deathcore breakdown. Elsewhere the album dips into sentimental piano balladry, fake trap rap, vacuum-cleaner death growls, imitation harpsichord, farty underwater dubstep, and reggae that sounds almost sarcastic. As frisky and accessible as this stuff is, it can match the murkiest, most tangled avant-garde metal for sensory overload. “How in Sam Hill did this come to exist?” your brain may ask. Precision-engineered, big-dollar pop product isn't supposed to scramble genres like a preschooler building a Lego fortress for Darth Vader and then crashing Barbie's Glam Convertible through it. But once you get done standing there with your mouth hanging open, you'll be smiling till your face hurts. —Philip Montoro
An influential body of rabbis passed a resolution last week calling for synagogues to be “explicitly welcoming” to transgender people.
As the country debates which bathrooms transgender people can use, the rabbis of Conservative Judaism officially declared their support of transgender rights.
Three Christian denominations and two other Jewish denominations have made similar statements in favor of rights for those whose gender identity does not match their sex identified at birth.
[Barber refuses to cut transgender Army veteran's hair, citing the Bible]
The rabbis' resolution begins by stating, “Our Torah asserts that all humanity is created b'tzelem Elohim, in God's Divine Image.” It discusses historical evidence of “non-binary gender expression” in Jewish texts dating back to the third-century Mishnah, and points out current-day discrimination against transgender Americans in employment, medical care and voting rights.
The Rabbinical Assembly called on synagogues, camps, schools and other institutions affiliated with the Conservative movement to make sure their facilities meet the needs of transgender people and to use the names and pronouns that people prefer. It also encouraged Conservative institutions to advocate for national and local policies on behalf of transgender people.
[I'm a transgender Christian in North Carolina. My faith should not stop at the bathroom door.]
“That is always the first job of the religious community, the faith community: to bring our Jewish values to bear on our real-life situations and the real people around us,” said Rabbi Julie Schonfeld, the executive vice president of the organization of 1,700 rabbis.
The Conservative branch of Judaism, less stringent than the Orthodox, is the second-largest denomination in America. The largest, the more liberal Reform movement, passed a similar resolution last year, and the small Reconstructionist movement is similarly supportive.
Michael Toumayan, the pro-LGBT Human Rights Campaign's Religion and Faith Program Manager, said that among Christian denominations, the Episcopal Church, United Church of Christ and Metropolitan Community Churches have stated their support.
Schonfeld said they did not hear of any synagogues that opposed the rabbis' statement. And several people in the transgender and nonbinary community applauded the resolution on Twitter.
Today I can truly be trans and a Conservative Jew. I can't express how much this means. Yasher koach @RabbiAssembly. https://t.co/PT0qiPSnEU — Max Guttman (@maxwellhallel) May 28, 2016
An important step forward for our community with @RabbiAssembly's resolution on rights of trans & nonbinary Jews. https://t.co/H8umwRNCPw — aryeh. (@aryeh__) May 28, 2016
alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alri https://t.co/fgiSGQYOdt — ✨alyson✨ @ a-kon27 (@pocketcos) May 27, 2016
Schonfeld said Conservative synagogues may find ways to be more welcoming to transgender people within the community's religious life — for instance, using someone's preferred name when they or they are called to the Torah.
“I don't believe there was opposition to it at all. I think it really comes out of a basic set of values, to see the infinite and equal worth in every human being. I think it speaks very directly to Jewish values,” they said. “This is one of the examples of how the Torah's fundamental values keep reasserting themselves as society grows and matures.”
Want more stories about faith? Follow Acts of Faith on Twitter or sign up for our newsletter.
‘I never wanted to be gay': Christian musician comes out, in moving letter to fans
Methodists call themselves the ‘church of the big tent.' A pro-gay marriage minister literally camped outside.
Stop assuming that families with lots of children are religious
A D.C. Superior Court judge has ordered a veteran and activist accused of openly carrying a shotgun in D.C.'s Freedom Plaza held without bond.
WASHINGTON – A D.C. Superior Court judge has ordered a veteran and activist accused of openly carrying a shotgun in D.C.'s Freedom Plaza held without bond.
During a preliminary hearing Monday, an attorney representing Adam Kokesh argued that the stunt — filmed and posted on YouTube — was nothing more than political theater.
The judge disagreed, ordering that Kokesh be held until their next court appearance.
“I consider your client to be a very dangerous man,” the judge said. “This is not a political statement.”
Kokesh had been arrested and charged with drug-related offenses in Fairfax County, Va., earlier in July.
 They are expected back in a D.C. courtroom Aug. 13.
See the video from July 4 here:
Related Story:
WTOP's Dick Uliano contributed to this report. Follow @WTOP on Twitter.
Two Ripon 18-year-olds are expected to face charges after each showed up Sunday at Ripon Medical Center with gunshot wounds.
The teens, who have not been identified pending charges being filed, apparently both were injured when one unintentionally fired a handgun.
Neither wound was considered life-threatening.
According to a press release from the Ripon Police Department, the incident occurred early Sunday morning at a residence in city limits.
The police were notified of the situation at 3:30 a.m., after the two male subjects arrived via a private vehicle at Ripon Medical Center.
This led to an investigation by both officers from the Ripon Police Department and deputies from the Fond du Lac County Sheriff's Department.
“The two male victims, both 18 years of age, were treated and transferred to a trauma center,” according to the press release. “One had been shot in the hand while the other had received a gunshot wound to the leg. Both were struck with the same bullet.”
The press release goes on to add that “criminal charges are expected to be requested from the Fond du Lac County district attorney.”
Read the full story in the April 2, 2015 edition of the Ripon Commonwealth Press.
I spent 34 years of my life playing a role, constantly adjusting myself to fit others' perceptions of me just to remain safe. The few times I let the mask slip, I was punished for it. A bully constantly hitting at perceived femininity turns into a rape threat. Telling a girlfriend of my soft spot for wearing girl's clothes turns into a locker broken into and property damage. Telling a future spouse the same turning into a promise to never ever speak of it again, I loved them so much, I made it 15 years.
The sheer toll of gender dysphoria is hard to completely feel until you're mostly free of it. Having transitioned and lived now as a person more closely resembling my inner self, I look back now with horror over how I let dysphoria rule over me.
I was not a good person before I transitioned. I mean that. I never broke the law or anything. I didn't have a substance abuse problem, I never did drugs, I only had one sexual partner in my life. By all appearances I did everything right. But truth is I was empty. If you knew beyond initial appearances, you'd have thought I was lazy and inattentive. Guilty as charged.
You know… it's impossible to describe gender dysphoria in a descriptive way and I think that's part of the issue at play here. Those who want to exclude trans women from “real” womanhood like to equate dysphoria with feelings, but is this accurate? I think dysphoria *provokes* feelings but isn't necessarily a feeling unto itself. My own dysphoria felt like a constant buzzing in my head, like a swarm of bees. You know that sense you get that a situation isn't quite what it seems? It's a bit like that but it's constant and rises and falls in intensity.
The feelings provoked by my dysphoria include disgust, shame, and guilt mostly. Shame that my body has betrayed me in such a basic way. I'm not stupid or delusional, I knew from a very early age that I wasn't supposed to be this way. I tried very hard not to succumb to what I really wanted. When I would daydream about being assigned female at birth, being free of my body's prison, I'd feel guilt afterwards. “Boys aren't supposed to dream about being a girl, you gross fuck.” Disgust was a constant. Disgust at my body hair, at my receding hairline, at my flat chest, at my height, at my dick. I'm a woman with a dick and that's exactly as embarrassing as it sounds, trust me.
BY: Follow @LizWFB
An Obama administration program to encourage the use of electronic health records made over $729 million in erroneous payments, according to a new audit.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services also paid dead doctors for enrolling in its program, the audit, released by the agency's inspector general Monday, revealed.
"From May 2011 through June 2014, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services paid an estimated $729 million in Medicare electronic health record incentive payments to eligible professionals who did not comply with Federal requirements," the inspector general said. "In addition, it paid $2.3 million in inappropriate electronic health record incentive payments to eligible professionals who switched incentive programs."
The incentive programs were created under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, commonly known as the stimulus package, signed by former President Barack Obama in 2009.
Beginning in 2011, Medicare and Medicaid paid hospitals, as well as doctors, podiatrists, optometrists, and chiropractors up to $43,720 each for meeting several requirements that demonstrated their "meaningful use" of electronic health records. The programs spent $6 billion during the first three years.
The inspector general found the government has "conducted minimal" oversight over whether doctors met program requirements, leaving the program "vulnerable to abuse and misuse of Federal funds."
The inspector general said doctors who received $729 million were ineligible because they did not use certified electronic health record technology enough, or did not have documentation to back up their claims. Requirements for the program include providing patients with their health information online.
The government also overpaid doctors who were enrolled in incentive programs for both Medicare and Medicaid by more than $2.3 million. Doctors cannot receive payments from both programs during the same year.
In addition, the inspector general identified one deceased doctor who was paid $11,760, and two deceased doctors who are still active in the government's payment systems. Eleven dead doctors were deactivated from the program from than two months after they had died.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services agreed with most of the audit's findings, but only partially agreed that it needs to attempt to recover the $729 million in ineligible payments.
Patrick H. Conway, then-acting administrator for CMS, replied for the agency in February, saying, "CMS has implemented targeted risk-based audits to strengthen the program integrity of the EHR Incentive Program, and continues to perform these targeted risk-based audits in 2016 and 2017."
The inspector general said the agency should continue to try to recover the $729 million and that the agency's internal audits are not working to uncover abuse within the programs.
"After reviewing CMS's comments and having followup discussions with CMS officials, we maintain that the targeted risk-based audits are not capturing errors such as those identified in this report," the inspector general said.
BRUNSWICK, GA. | Glynn County police answering a 911 call Friday night found a woman dead and subsequently arrested their husband.
The officers responded about 8:35 p.m. to a call from the 200 block of Willow Road in which a man could be heard shouting for help, Glynn County police Capt. Marissa Tindale said in a release.
A man at the residence said their wife and had been shot, and officers located Michelle Morgan, 48, in a bedroom dead of a gunshot wound to the chest, Tindale said.
The woman's husband, Douglas Morgan, 55, told police the shooting was accidental, Police Chief Matt Doering said.
After working through the night, investigators charged Morgan with murder early Saturday morning, Doering said.
Anyone with information in the death is asked to call investigator Stephanie Oliver at (912) 554-7825.
The day is drawing near for our friends across the pond – Chromecast is all set to go on sale tomorrow, March 19th. In fact, it has already started showing up on the web at sites likes PC World and Currys for £30.
This is right in line with a leak we saw from Dixons earlier this month that stated the prospected launch date, which has now been essentially confirmed by these listings. We've also gotten eyes on an internal product launch document from Currys that reaffirms this.
At this point, it's still unclear whether or not Google plans to sell the streaming HDMI dongle through the Play Store, but I suppose we'll know soon enough. Either way, there's finally a way to get a Chromecast without having to import it from the US.
[Thanks Robert Best, Andy Price, Greg Hesp, and Anon!]
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.
A world record for the number of dominoes toppled was set when 4.3m fell during a two-hour TV show.
More than 85 people from 13 countries took part in the challenge, which took eight weeks to set up and was a year in the planning.
Acrobat and former Miss Finland, Salima Peippo, toppled the first domino while suspended from the ceiling by ropes.
The aim of Domino Day 2008 was to break ten world records made in previous years.
According to the organisers the 2008 attempt required 9,500 sq m (31,168 sq ft) of space, more 250 different types of domino, 300 mechanics, 100 decor pieces, 1500 turning fences and more than 5,000 square m (16,404 sq ft) of floor paint.
LICENSED BY ENDEMOL NEDERLAND BV
Jon Stewart let CNN have it over its erroneous reporting that an arrest had been made in the case of the Boston Marathon bombing. Stewart mocked how much CNN kept boasting of its “exclusive reporting,” which turned ot to be exclusive “because it was completely fucking wrong,” and was even more blown away by how CNN was subsequently backing away from and questioning that very report. Stewart described this as the network “shit[ting] in their own mouths,” christening CNN “the Human Centipede of News.”
RELATED: Jeff Zucker Attributes CNN Criticism To Jealousy: ‘Just Because Jon Stewart Makes Fun Of It Doesn't Mean He's Right'
Stewart played a variety of clips in which Wolf Blitzer touted the network's “exclusive reporting” on the arrest. Stewart said, “It's exclusive because it was completely fucking wrong!” They also got in a veiled swipe at new CNN head Jeff Zucker for claiming Stewart to be a jealous competitor.
Stewart asked, “Did any of your sources end their tip-offs to you with the phrase ‘Ba ba booey?'” And when CNN just dropped the story altogether, Stewart called it a “news story as imagined by M. Night Shyamalan.”
But perhaps the best part for Stewart was the hour-long gap between the initial breaking news and the eventual confirmed walk-back in which CNN anchors attempted to clarify and walk back the report of the arrest. Stewart viewed this as CNN removing the middle-man and realizing they can “shit in their own mouths.” Or, as Stewart more colorfully put it, “the Human Centipede of news.”
Stewart then brought on correspondent John Oliver who, with the help of Jessica Williams, narrowed the identity of the bombing suspect down to either a “dark-skinned male, possible white, or maybe a woman,” “a fat Hispanic baby,” or “a dog on its hind legs wearing glasses and a hat.”
Watch the video below, courtesy of Comedy Central:
—–
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Police have released the dash-cam footage of their response to a veteran's violent suicide outside of a Veteran Affairs clinic in New Jersey.
On March 19th, Charles R. Ingram III, 51, was airlifted to the Temple Burn Center in Philadelphia after setting themselves on fire outside a Northfield, New Jersey VA clinic, according to Press of Atlantic City.
The incident has received very little attention with the media and was not even covered by the local television news.
The Wilmington VA Medical Center issued a statement saying it was “saddened to learn about the tragic incident that took place outside of the Atlantic County Community Based Outpatient Clinic. … Our thoughts and prayers are with the victim's family, friends and neighbors.”
Ingram apparently used gasoline as the accelerant to set themselves on fire at the VA clinic.
It is not known what Ingram's motives were at this time as they did not leave a suicide note and their family has declined to speak with the press.
It can be speculated that it was done in protest of the Veterans Affairs' widely publicized mal-practice and neglect of veterans that have occurred in recent years.
The most notably incident of a person setting themselves on fire in protest was in 1963 when a Buddhist monk, Thích Quang Duc, burned themselves to death at a busy intersection in Saigon, Vietnam.
Thích Quang Duc was doused in gasoline and set aflame by a fellow monk while several photo journalists captured their suicide protest with pictures – making it one of the most historical matyrdoms.
John F. Kennedy said in reference to a photograph of the fire, “No news picture in history has generated so much emotion around the world as that one.”
The Northfield police are investigating the incident with the assistance of the VA medical center.
© 2016 Bright Mountain Media, Inc.
All rights reserved. The content of this webpage may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written consent of Bright Mountain Media, Inc. which may be contacted at info@brightmountainmedia.com
The White House is now fighting a three-front war: Iraq, Afghanistan and Fox News.
I found myself in the middle of that conflict on Sunday when my interview with Anita Dunn aired on CNN's "Reliable Sources." Within hours the thing went viral; stories and video of the White House communications director's remarks spread to the Huffington Post, Daily Beast, Media Bistro, Politico, Mediaite, Hot Air and many other sites.
I had thought Dunn might try to smooth things over with the country's highest-rated cable news network, as guests often do in front of a television camera, but instead they were determined to ratchet things up: "The reality of it is that Fox News often operates almost as either the research arm or the communications arm of the Republican Party. . . . Take their talking points and put them on the air. Take their opposition research and put them on the air, and that's fine. But let's not pretend they're a news network the way CNN is."
I don't think they were freelancing; there are meetings in every White House about what message to put out on the Sunday shows.
Dunn acknowledged that the president had intentionally stiffed Fox for this reason when they did that Sunday morning blitz a few weeks back, but added: "Obviously he'll go on Fox because they engage with ideological opponents. . . . When they go on Fox, they understand that they are not going on -- it really is not a news network at this point. He's going to debate the opposition."
Leaving aside the distinction between Fox reporters and the likes of O'Reilly, Hannity and Beck--Dunn admitted that Major Garrett is a fair journalist--does this sort of frontal attack make political sense? Could Obama score points with part of Fox's audience by engaging, as they did by going on the "Factor" during the campaign? Or does the cable channel provide a useful foil for a Democratic administration?
Plus, if you look at MSNBC's lineup after 6 p.m., Fox isn't the only network that goes heavy on the opinionated hosts.
At the Nation, Ari Melber calls Dunn's criticism "a big departure from how most of the Democratic establishment engages Fox. It's been a long time coming.
"While rank and file Democrats view Fox News as an obviously hostile force, elected Democrats have long struggled over whether to engage or fight the channel. In fact, the Democratic establishment even agreed to empower Fox as an official host and moderator of a debate during the presidential primaries -- but that bit of self-handicapping was scuttled after a coalition of progressive bloggers and activists objected. By the homestretch of the presidential campaign, Obama's campaign dialed up the heat, aggressively confronting Fox with pointed barbs from senior staff, surrogates and sometimes the candidate. (And who can forget Robert Gibbs turning the tables on Sean Hannity on Fox last October?)
"When campaign mode ended, however, the Obama team initially struggled with how to counter Fox from inside the White House. There was a wave of Obama-resentment for Fox to ride -- and sometimes stoke off-camera -- and presidents typically stay above the fray of media criticism."
Washington Monthly's Steve Benen says Dunn offered a reality check:
"I don't doubt these comments will cause a stir at the GOP news network, but given how obviously, painfully accurate Dunn's observations are, I'm actually looking forward to seeing how the channel denies what is plainly true.
The next time a patient at Hotel-Dieu Grace Healthcare requests a medically-assisted death, CEO Janice Kaffer may have to hit the 401 to find a hospital to perform it.
A terminally ill patient at Hotel-Dieu who asked to die last September became the latest “hot potato” under the law that legalizes assisted suicide but doesn't require religious health-care organizations to provide it.
Hotel-Dieu, which is Catholic, refused to perform the procedure. Windsor Regional Hospital, which does perform it, refused to accept a patient transferred from Hotel-Dieu.
The patient withdrew the request and died later, naturally, at Hotel-Dieu.
But if the patient hadn't withdrawn the request and had wanted the procedure in a hospital, “it would have been extremely difficult for us and for the patient because it would have required a transfer out of the community,” admitted Kaffer.
“The worst-case scenario is we would go along the 401, quite frankly, to see if we could find a partner that would support the patient,” they said.
“It illustrates the real problem for people in facilities that get a free pass on medical assistance in dying,” said Shanaaz Gokool, CEO of Dying with Dignity. “They're treated like a hot potato.”
The request, the first that Hotel-Dieu has received, was discussed at a meeting with the Erie St. Clair Local Health Integration Network, which oversees local health care. Dying with Dignity, which is investigating how hospitals that don't provide the service handle requests for it, obtained meeting documents under Ontario's Freedom of Information Act.
Hospital staff had determined that the patient, who is not identified, was competent to undergo an assessment for the procedure. But, said Kaffer, “because we're a faith-based organization, we have been very clear … we always knew we would not be providing the actual procedure.”
Hotel-Dieu is the only hospital in the city that provides palliative care, where most requests for assisted dying are expected. But its policy is to ask other hospitals and the Community Care Access Centre to accept patients.
However, Windsor Regional administers assisted death only to its own patients and “therefore this patient was left without options for their request to be granted,” the documents state.
The CCAC would have provided care in the patient's home if a doctor had been found to perform the procedure at home.
The hospitals are blaming each other.
Windsor Regional isn't the problem, said hospital president and CEO David Musyj.
“Why does a denominational hospital have the ability to refuse to provide this service?” they asked. “I'm Roman Catholic, (but) as CEO of a hospital I have to ensure we comply with the law.”
Windsor Regional has performed less than five medically-assisted deaths. This was the first request to provide the service for a Hotel-Dieu patient.
Transferring a patient to Windsor's only acute care hospital for the procedure “doesn't make sense,” they said. The hospital has already struggled with a shortage of beds because of a severe flu outbreak.
The two hospitals transfer patients to each other daily, Kaffer countered, because each offers services that the other doesn't.
“To select this particular service and say we have an obligation to provide it — knowing we can't — is disappointing.”
The issue “needs to be addressed, clearly,” said LHIN chairperson Martin Girash, a former Windsor Regional CEO.
Hotel-Dieu's refusal to provide assisted death makes it “very difficult” to provide comprehensive service for patients and imposes a “burden” on other health-care organizations, they said. But, they said, “the legislation says we must respect that value system, so we have to address it.”
They also understand Windsor Regional's real concern: “being labelled the place to go to die.”
But everyone can't do their own thing, they said.
“Problems have to be addressed in a collaborative way,” they said.
Hotel-Dieu and others that don't provide the service must tell patients before they're admitted, they said. Those who do provide it, including Windsor Regional, must work together to determine who will provide it in cases like this.
“Then Windsor Regional will be part of this, I'm sure,” they said.
More than two years after the Supreme Court of Canada ruled unanimously that patients have a right to assisted death, local health care “got caught” unprepared, Girash admitted.
There should be no exemptions for religious health-care organizations, said Gokool.
“We're talking about public health-care facilities that are receiving public funds to provide public health care, and medical assistance in dying is public health care,” they said.
Across the country, patients are being shuttled among hospitals, hospices and their homes, they said. Some secular hospitals can't accept others' patients because they don't have enough beds. Pembroke, Elliot Lake and Mattawa have only religious hospitals, “so where are you going to go?” they asked.
An 84-year-old man whose request for an assisted death in a Catholic hospital in Vancouver last August was refused suffered agony in their final hours because there was inadequate pain control during the ride to another hospital.
“It's wrong,” Gokool said. “We're talking about people who are so vulnerable. My goodness, at the end of your life, you're already dealing with the fact that you're not going to recover, trying to have these conversations with your family. To be treated with such indignity, it's the lowest standard of care.”
Eighty per cent of medically-assisted deaths occur at home, but not everyone wants to do it at home, they said.
Ontario must establish a protocol to ensure patients can get assistance dying in publicly funded institutions, they said.
The health minister's office did not respond to a request for comment.
Hotel-Dieu was concerned about the family creating “a public situation,” according to the documents on the case here.
“We wanted to be able to counsel and support the patient without it becoming a public discussion,” said Kaffer.
ajarvis@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/winstarjarvis
Charges could soon be laid against The Courier-Mail for allegedly breaching the Family Law Act during its coverage of a custody battle over four Italian sisters.
The Australian Federal Police launched an investigation into the Queensland newspaper after it last year published the names and photographs of the sisters at the centre of the international dispute.
The Courier-Mail's coverage of the custody dispute on May 15 and 16, 2012.
After eight months, the AFP has handed a brief of evidence to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions and the two bodies will work together to decide if charges should be laid. One insider said it was "highly likely".
Photos of the girls were published on the front page and inside The Courier-Mail on May 15 and 16 last year, prompting a complaint from the Chief Justice of the Family Court.
Fair enough: Mad Men has been on for a long time, and there was bound to be a backlash at some point. What's interesting to me, though, is the form the backlash has taken. Over and over, people are saying: okay, we get it. The symbolism is heavy-handed. Parallel plots are too elaborately coordinated. Everything is becoming too simplistic. A recent manifestation of the backlash in the New Yorker has claimed that Don Draper is less a character than a “thesis statement.”
In other words, the show is being castigated for remaining true to its original vision and for continuing to explore the same themes it's always focused on. And again, fair enough: people are allowed to get tired of things. Yet it seems to me that there's always an underlying demand, an unspoken grievance motivating these complaints. “Yes, yes, we get it, we realize that Don Draper is a terrible fraud, a pure surface whose success is an indictment of the system they operate in — so can you please get back to plotlines that allow us to view them as a charismatic character with real depth?” “Yes, yes, we understand, the system is rigged so that do-nothing old white dudes continue to triumph over more talented young people and particularly women — so now that we've acknowledged that, can you give us a fantasy portrayal where Peggy is totally put in charage and succeeds brilliantly?” “Okay, God, we hear you, we know that the advertising milieu is so toxic that even an apparently innocent character is ultimately pulled into the self-centered scheming — but why did you have make Megan seem to be more or less a naturally good person at first and deprive us of the fantasy that everyone is always-already a backstabbing social climber?”
As Gerry Canavan said on Twitter yesterday, Mad Men, like other “high quality” shows, succeeds because its audience doesn't understand it. They tune in for the suave Don Draper, and they resent being deprived of that fantasy — even though the entire work of the show has always, from day one, been to deprive us of that fantasy. They tune in looking for a soap opera filled with sexy people and elaborate sets (and “fan service” such as more screen time for Peggy or the triumphant return of Sal), and they resent that the show has a moral critique of the milieu it's documenting. If you really “got it,” you'd either stop watching — or start watching the show differently. As it stands, the backlash seems to be driven by the fact that the show's viewers simply don't want to “get it.” And the fact of that paradoxical combination of addiction and resistence makes me wonder if Mad Men will turn out to be the most interesting and artistically successful example of the early 2000s “high quality cable drama” genre.
In 2014 our CEO, Adam Nash, caused quite a stir when they said “In the next 10 years, everyone will be using some form of automated investment service.” Frankly, many market analysts thought they were nuts. Twenty-five years in the venture capital business leads me to believe Adam is right. As a matter of fact, I think automated investment services will ultimately attract more than $2 trillion of assets. So what leads to the enormous difference of opinion Adam and I have with market analysts?
In my experience, industry observers consistently make the same mistake. They evaluate innovations based on their magnitude of adoption, rather than their rate of adoption. Put another way, they over-emphasize the current size of the new market, and don't pay enough attention to how quickly the new market is growing. Very often, that results in them missing the obvious fact that the new market, though currently small, is on a growth path that will have it soon eclipsing the status quo with which it is competing. I saw this analytical failure over and over in my days as a venture capitalist, and I am seeing it again as Chairman of Wealthfront.
Amazon, Facebook or Airbnb are great examples of this phenomenon. The early articles about these companies almost all said they were interesting ideas, but unlikely to beat their much larger competitors (Barnes & Noble, Myspace and hotels respectively). You seldom if ever heard about the rate of adoption of these new entrants vs. their competitors.
Innovations Spread Faster Today
That was a big mistake, because innovations are being adopted at an increasingly rapid rate. For almost 20 years, Mary Meeker, formerly of Morgan Stanley and now a partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, has published a report on the state of the Internet. My favorite chart from their fantastic reports is a graph that compares the rate of adoption of new technologies over time.
As you can see, the slopes of the adoption lines keep increasing as we move through time from left to right. In other words, each new technology that succeeds is adopted at a faster rate than previous new technologies. It took the clothes washer six decades to do what the cell phone was able to do in just one.
We see the same dynamic in the investment space. Consider the graph below (drawn with a log scale), which shows adoption rates for three forms of “passive investing.” You can see that ETFs were adopted at a faster rate than index funds. And automated investment services are being adopted at a faster rate than ETFs. When a new product has a faster rate of adoption than its predecessor, it invariably results in an even larger total market. For some reason market analysts seldom learn this lesson – despite overwhelming evidence.
It's important to understand that when I use the term automated investment service, I mean fully automated, software-based services like the ones offered by Wealthfront, Schwab, Blackrock and Betterment. As we explained in Not Everyone Wants to Manage Their Own Investments, there is a tremendous difference between an automated investment service and a technology assisted advisor like Vanguard's Personal Advisor Service. Vanguard offers tremendous value, but it only uses software to open an account and even that isn't fully automated. Technology assisted advisors are a cost effective alternative for older investors, but not likely to be replicated by others due to Vanguard's not-for-profit business model.
Innovations Evolve Faster Than You Think
One of the main reasons market analysts continue to underestimate innovators is they assume innovators will not move beyond their initial products. In fact, innovators not only move beyond their initial products, they move beyond them rapidly. Believe it or not few people foresaw Amazon moving beyond books. Mutual fund market analysts couldn't imagine an index fund for something other than the S&P 500. Last month Wealthfront surprised analysts when we announced our intention to apply artificial intelligence to our clients' vast trove of accessible behavioral data to deliver sophisticated financial advice. I say “surprised” because the vast majority of these market analysts thought we would continue to just offer an investment management service. We find this fascinating since we have said from the beginning that our mission is to democratize access to sophisticated financial advice.
Perhaps innovation is being adopted at a more rapid rate because software can be enhanced so much more quickly than previous hardware-based innovations.
The Technology Adoption Life Cycle
The classic argument in favor of using current magnitude to evaluate a new business is the question: If it's so great then why doesn't everyone use it now? We hear this all the time at Wealthfront. How compelling could automate investment services be if they represent only $13 billion of managed assets out of a total market of more than $16 trillion? Geoffrey Moore definitively answered this question in their groundbreaking book Crossing the Chasm.
The book's well-proven premise is every new technology has a similar adoption cycle no matter how great it is. Start-up products initially appeal to “innovators,” people who want to try every new thing, but who are seldom willing to spend very much (if anything) for products that interest them. Then come the “visionaries,” early adopters willing to take a chance on a new product if it solves a burning problem. All they need is a proof of concept to take the leap of faith. After the visionaries come the “pragmatists.” They buy only after friends or colleagues have recommended it – no matter how well a product serves their needs. Typically, the pragmatists or the “early majority” represent by far the largest market segment. The “late majority,” conservatives who buy only after a product has become the standard, follow the early majority. Finally come the “laggards,” who never buy.
The problem is you first have to build a very large base of early adopters to generate the references pragmatists require. You also need to build out the capabilities of your product to address a larger audience. That takes time, and unfortunately there is no way to shortcut this process.
A Niche Market is the Key to the Mass Market
Name a successful tech company. The overwhelming odds are it followed Moore's advice.
Facebook started with students at Ivy League universities. eBay focused first on collectibles. LinkedIn's initial target was execs in Silicon Valley. Google's early ads only appealed to start-ups that couldn't afford the minimum order size associated with banner ads. Amazon started with books.
Over time each company added functionality and addressed a broader audience – but over time, not from the beginning. Attempting to start with the largest market – the pragmatists – would have been met with failure because this audience doesn't care how well your product addresses their pain. They only care about references, which take time to build.
The only path to success I know is to start with the early adopters who are desperate for your product and build references among them to address adjacent markets. Adjacent markets typically require additional features. It is those additional features that are required to build the “whole product.” The beauty of software, unlike people-intensive businesses, is it constantly improves over time. For some reason market analysts like to evaluate software-based businesses as though their products will remain in their initial form.
Innovation Will Accelerate
Clearly, history is repeating itself. Automated investment services are being adopted at twice the rate ETFs were at the same point in their life cycle. If the past is any predictor of the future then this is likely the start of something big and it's going to happen faster than most people appreciate. Maybe this time, analysts won't be the last ones to figure it out.
Disclosure
Nothing in this article should be construed as tax advice, a solicitation or offer, or recommendation, to buy or sell any security. Financial advisory services are only provided to investors who become Wealthfront clients. Product screenshots and projected returns do not represent actual accounts and may not reflect the effect of material economic and market factors. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Actual investors on Wealthfront may experience different results from the results shown.
The darling of Philly burlesque, Miss Rose, brings back their Sexploitation Follies to Philamoca for the holiday season and this time she's adding in a bit of the ultra-sexy(!) with a Stanley Kubrick themed show on Saturday, December 21st.
Hosted by the vivacious Iris Explosion with Kittening provided by Asha Lo, Miss Rose and their lovely Lolitas Minnie Tonka, Hayley Jane, Dottie Riot, Miss Mary Wanna, Talia Zatanna will be taking if all off in this tantalizing show that is sure to have you hooting and hollering more than than Major “King” Kong riding an atomic bomb into oblivion!
Kubrick Burlesque will take place in the Eraserhood at Philamoca (531 No 12th St). Tickets are $12 in advance (or $15 at the door) and can be purchased here.
Doors open at 9pm, show starts at 9:45pm. Don't miss out on this thrilling and seductive event!
For more, check out the Facebook event page.
0 Raccoon knocks out power to nearly 39,000 in Seattle
Power is back on for nearly 39,000 Seattle City Light customers after a raccoon got into an electrical substation and knocked out power.
The outage covered a wide area from Fremont to Magnolia starting around 2:45 a.m. Wednesday.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Jeffrey Pierce, who lives in Fremont, said they woke up to the sound of an explosion. They walked to a nearby power substation and saw crews walking around inside the fence.
“I realized there were two workers in hard hats with flashlights with a raccoon between them,” said Pierce. “They were like, 'This guy is really dazed,' and I was like, 'He is?' And they said, 'Yes, he's the one that knocked out all the power,' and I was amazed.”
Seattle City Light spokesperson Scott Thomson later told KIRO 7 that the raccoon responsible for the outage was electrocuted and was not the same one whom neighbors saw.
One of the homes affected by the outage belongs to Athima Chansanchai.
Chansanchai, who lives in Fremont, realized that the power was out when their smoke detector started going off just before 3 a.m.
“Everything was completely dark, completely still,” said Chansanchai. “I looked outside and I realized all the lights were out.”
They said their biggest concern was the food in their refrigerator going bad, because at one point crews estimated that power wouldn't come back on until about 9 a.m.
“When I realized this might last more than an hour so I start moving things from the fridge to the freezer,” said Chansanschai. “Eggs, cheese and stuff like that.”
Seattle City Light got electricity restored to all customers by about 5:30 a.m.
An animal entered one of our substations causing this most recent outage. Still investigating and hope to get everyone powered up asap. — Seattle City Light (@SEACityLight) May 11, 2016
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Google (s GOOG) took a first big step Monday towards unifying all its messaging products by integrating Google+ Hangouts directly into GMail. The group video chat will replace the traditional 1:1 video calling experience offered by Google Talk. From the announcement blog post:
“Unlike the old video chat, which was based on peer-to-peer technology, Hangouts utilize the power of Google's network to deliver higher reliability and enhanced quality. While all Gmail users will experience these benefits, if you've created a Google+ profile you can invite up to nine other participants to your video meetings and take advantage of advanced features like screen sharing and integrated Google Docs collaboration.”
Advertisement
That being said, people will still be able to make video calls with Hangouts if they haven't signed up for Google+ yet, but they're going to be presented with a light version of the Hangouts client that only allows 1:1 video calling. The new feature will be rolled out to personal GMail accounts first, and then come to Google apps accounts in the coming weeks.
Google representatives first mentioned at last month's Google I/O conference that the company was working on merging its various messaging, voice and video products. Making these products more appealing and less confusing to consumers is an obvious reason for this step, but Google is also working on advancing the core technology of its voice and video messaging clients. The next generation of Hangouts will be powered by WebRTC, which will make it possible to use video chat directly in the browser without the need for any plug-in.
ISS Missing Door for the Toilet A matter of privacy by G B Leatherwood
A century and a half later, we have a different crew of pioneers, only the frontier they are crossing is 60 miles “up” instead of “west.” But the issue is just the same—privacy. From the earliest days of astronauts and cosmonauts living off the earth in Skylab, International Space Station , one of the most sought after privileges is privacy. Astronauts have said that even a curtain to pull across their bunk is critical for their sanity.
And what do they do about those same bodily functions that still must be taken care of no matter who or where we are? We've read about the extreme gyrations and contortions space farers must execute when they have to use the bathroom.
Now, in just the past few weeks, a new set of equipment has been carted up to the International Space Station ( ISS ) installed so the full complement of six people can live, work, and play there for a long period. The new toilet/commode is not just a place to receive waste products, but has a very serious purpose on which long-term space voyages might depend. Down here we call it recycling, but instead of making second or third uses of paper, plastic, glass, and cardboard, the recycled material will be human byproducts including urine, sweat, and saliva. The new equipment allows the crew to capture their waste material, run it through the mechanical and chemical processes to extract the unusable parts and turn what's left into that most critical necessity, pure water.
So where does the privacy issue come in? Well, when the new equipment was being installed, the crew noticed a million. “Oh, well,” they said, “it's just temporary. We'll hang the curtain later.” Like February or March, so we're told.
Gee, wouldn't you think that for 19 mill those pioneers could at least have a little privacy? We never hear about it, but when the wagon trains were working their way West, the folks must have had to find some way to, well, take care of their bodily functions. The men, of course, because of their somewhat different physiques, might not have had much trouble taking care of business, but for the women it was a different story. Crossing the vast plains of what is now Texas, Kansas, Nebraska, and then the great deserts of the West with nary a tree or bush in sight must have caused some concern. But we never hear about it, so those hardy folk must have found some way to preserve their dignity and their privacy.A century and a half later, we have a different crew of pioneers, only the frontier they are crossing is 60 miles “up” instead of “west.” But the issue is just the same—privacy. From the earliest days of astronauts and cosmonauts living off the earth in Skylab, Mir , and now the , one of the most sought after privileges is privacy. Astronauts have said that even a curtain to pull across their bunk is critical for their sanity.And what do they do about those same bodily functions that still must be taken care of no matter who or where we are? We've read about the extreme gyrations and contortions space farers must execute when they have to use the bathroom.Now, in just the past few weeks, a new set of equipment has been carted up to the ) installed so the full complement of six people can live, work, and play there for a long period. The new toilet/commode is not just a place to receive waste products, but has a very serious purpose on which long-term space voyages might depend. Down here we call it recycling, but instead of making second or third uses of paper, plastic, glass, and cardboard, the recycled material will be human byproducts including urine, sweat, and saliva. The new equipment allows the crew to capture their waste material, run it through the mechanical and chemical processes to extract the unusable parts and turn what's left into that most critical necessity, pure water.So where does the privacy issue come in? Well, when the new equipment was being installed, the crew noticed something was missing . A door, or rather, a curtain that could be pulled across the facility when it was in use. And get this: the whole contraption cost US$19 million. That's right,. “Oh, well,” they said, “it's just temporary. We'll hang the curtain later.” Like February or March, so we're told.Gee, wouldn't you think that for 19 mill those pioneers could at least have a little privacy?
Imaginary Brick Wall was one of the only publications to have Gary Sanchez ranked #1 overall in the New York Yankees farm system coming into 2016. When I say “Imaginary Brick Wall,” of course, I mean me. And when I say “publication,” I mean this here blog. I'm just trying to class this joint up a little bit. Baseball America, Fangraphs, and MLB.com all had Jorge Mateo #1. Baseball Prospectus, ESPN, and Prospect361 went with Aaron Judge. I only mention those other websites due to how much I respect them, not to denigrate them. But nanny nanny poo poo … I beat them. Let's give them another shot to take the crown this year, as I'm going to make this New York Yankees prospect ranking an annual thing. Here is the 2017 Top 10 New York Yankees Fantasy Baseball Prospect Rankings:
1) Aaron Judge OF – The 44% K rate in their MLB debut have people jumping ship faster than Jack and Rose did from the Titanic. Incidentally, Judge is about the size of the Titanic, and in fairness to the ones jumping ship, that scary K rate just might be the tip of the iceberg. I guess in this analogy that makes me the weird violinist who is pretending all is well. But Judge struggled in their promotion to Triple-A in 2015 too, before slashing .270/.366/.489 with 19 homers and a 98/47 K/BB in 93 games there this season. They have shown an ability to make adjustments against more advanced pitching. And you have to remember that all of New York's minor league affiliates are pitcher's parks in pitcher's leagues. Judge had the 4th highest OPS in the entire International League. They also displayed their monster raw power, exit velocity, and plate discipline in the Majors even with the strikeouts, and should have the RF job locked upcoming out of Spring Training. I ranked Judge 25th in my End of Season Top 35 Fantasy Prospect Rankings.
2) Clint Frazier OF – Frazier is one Brett Gardner/Jacoby Ellsbury trade away from joining Judge in the Yankees corner outfield for years to come. They probably need more work at Triple-A anyway, as they put up a .657 OPS with a 36/7 K/BB in their 30 game end of season promotion there. The elite bat speed is their number one tool on the field. The elite red hair is their number one tool off it. I ranked Frazier 26th in my End of Season Top 35 Prospect Rankings.
3) Gleyber Torres SS – Torres will likely be the Yankees #1 ranked prospect in most of those asupervisorstioned publications. Their performance in the Arizona Fall League had scouts absolutely buzzing, as they slashed a ridiculous .403/.513/.645 with 3 homers and 4 steals in 18 games. While they are not projected to hit for monster power or rack up crazy steal totals, they should be a legitimate five category producers who can stick at shortstop. Whether they do stick at shortstop with Didi in town remains to be seen. I ranked Torres 34th in my End of Season Top 35 Fantasy Prospect Rankings.
4) Jorge Mateo SS/2B – It was not a good year for Mateo. They saw their numbers take a dip at High-A and was suspended 2 weeks for whining about not being called up to Double-A when they wanted to be called up. Even their stolen bases dropped from 82 in 2015 to 36 this season, and barring a trade, it is looking less and less likely that Mateo will stick at shortstop. Having said that, their raw talent and plus, plus speed are still there, so it is more likely this season was just a bump in the road rather than a representation of their true talent level. Prime Projection: 86/12/60/.269/.321/.396/33
ETA: Mid-season 2018. What team and position is anyone's guess.
5) Justus Sheffield LHP – I think Sheffield has gotten a little overshadowed by Frazier, but they may end up being the real prize from that Andrew Miller trade, especially in real life. They pitched solid all year in High-A as a true 20-year-old with a 3.19 ERA, 1.28 WHIP, and 8.9 K/9. They then closed their year out in impressive fashion by going 4 IPs, 2 Hits, 0 ER, 3 BB, 9 K against Double-A Reading in their wind tunnel of a stadium, helping to hold their impressive middle of the order (Alfaro, Cozens, Hoskins) to a 2 for 11 day. There is video of that entire start if you are interested. Prime Projection: 3.48/1.23/184 in 188 IP
ETA: Mid-season 2018. Wouldn't be crazy to see them get a cup of coffee in September this year.
6) Blake Rutherford OF – I would like to see more age appropriate production before fully jumping on the Rutherford bandwagon for fantasy. The traditional scouts seem to be in love with the kid, so maybe I'm just being too conservative. I ranked Rutherford 22nd on my Top 40 Dynasty First Year Player Draft Rankings.
7) James Kaprielian RHP – Kaprielian's velocity ticked up in pro ball after being drafted 16th overall in the 2015 draft and then they promptly got injured. The extra velocity seemed to turn them into an absolute beast, though, as they racked up the strikeouts when they did manage to take the mound. Their injury risk and lack of an extended professional resume is concerning, but the pitch repertoire of a mid-90's fastball, wipeout slider, slow curve, and changeup from a polished college starter is hard to pass up. Prime Projection: 3.59/1.25/167 in 174 IP
ETA: Could see a late season call up this year, but more likely to get their first extended action in 2018.
8) Dustin Fowler OF – Fowler might be one of the more underrated power/speed combo prospects going right now. As a 21-year-old in Double-A they put up a .281/.311/.458 triple-slash with 12 homers, 30 doubles, 15 triples, and 25 steals in 132 games. They have excellent raw tools and a smooth lefty swing that is geared for both average and power. They walked only 3.8% of the time, so there is still work to do, but they made contact at a high clip too (15% K%). I'm tempted to rank Fowler higher, and I may when I come out with my Top 100 this off-season. Prime Projection: 73/17/70/.270/.306/.420/18
ETA: 2018. Yanks are stacked in the outfield right now so it is really impossible to know how it is all going to shake out. Their ability to stick in CF will also play a big role.
9) Dillon Tate RHP – Tate dominated in their first two starts of the season before suffering a hamstring injury. When they returned, their stuff just wasn't the same and they got smacked around the rest of the way. The Yanks still took a chance on them in the Carlos Beltran trade, and it looks like it might pay off as they were back to hitting mid-90's with a wipeout slider in the Arizona Fall League. They have a long way to go to recover the prospect shine that made them the 4th overall pick in the 2015 draft, but I wouldn't count them out yet. Prime Projection: 3.72/1.27/165 in 182 IP
ETA: See James Kaprielian
10) Miguel Andujar 3B – Andujar has been on the radar of hardcore Yankees prospect fans since 2011 when they were a highly touted international signing. They finally broke out a bit this year at High-A where they slashed .283/.343/.474 with 10 homers and a 30/18 K/BB in 58 games. They struggled in their promotion to Double-A, but still more or less maintained their underlying hitting skills. I think there is a decent chance the Yanks use them as trade bait in the next couple years. Prime Projection: 68/19/74/.277/.330/.434/5
ETA: 2018
By Michael Halpern (@MichaelCHalpern)
Email: michaelhalpern@imaginarybrickwall.com
Twitter: Imaginary Brick Wall (@ImaginaryBrickW)
1 of 15 View Captions
Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune The death mask of Hyrum Smith in the LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday S Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune The death mask of Joseph Smith in the LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune The Book of Mormon in the LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday September 29 Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Exhibits inside the renovated LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Septembe Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune The Smith Patented Improved printing press E.B. Grandin Company used to print the first 5, Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Exhibits inside the renovated LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Septembe Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Exhibits inside the renovated LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Septembe Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Exhibits inside the renovated LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Septembe Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Exhibits inside the renovated LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Septembe Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Exhibits inside the renovated LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Septembe Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Artifacts from the Nuavoo Temple in the LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesda Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Exhibits inside the renovated LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Septembe Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Exhibits inside the renovated LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Septembe Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Exhibits inside the renovated LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Septembe Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Exhibits inside the renovated LDS Church History Museum in Salt Lake City Tuesday Septembe
The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- Plus-size retailer Torrid is launching its first international location in Canada.
The company says it will open in the new wing of the Toronto Eaton Centre on Sept. 1.
The retailer plans to launch three additional locations in Toronto later this fall.
Torrid is billed as the fastest growing retailer in the U.S. for young women sizes 12 to 28.
The retailer has more than 280 stores across the U.S.
The company currently ships to more than 150 countries and says it has a "significant online customer base in Canada."
"The vibrant Canadian market is the perfect fit with our expansion plans," Torrid CEO Lisa Harper said in a statement.
"We have a robust online business there and it makes perfect sense for our first international store to open in Toronto."
The death of Jim Clark shock the motor racing world to the core, just as the tragedies of 1955 and 1994. Twice World Champion and winner of the 1965 Indianapolis 500, this quietly spoken and reserved Scot was revered on both sides of the Atlantic. But for their untimely death in an unexplained accident during Hockenheim's Formula 2 race, Clark may well have won another couple of titles or more. “What can I or anyone else says,” wrote DSJ in the May 1968 issue of Motor Sport. “Mere words are inadequate to express our feelings.” The sport had lost one of its greatest-ever stars.
For all their success on the track and resulting life as a tax exile, Clark was somewhat shy and was happier on the family sheep farm in the Scottish Borders than in the public eye. They drove their father's car there from the age of nine and interest in the sport was only heightened by spectating at Brands Hatch while on a visit to the area and watching Giuseppe Farina race at Charterhall.
Without telling their parents of their wish to race, Clark began to compete during the mid-1950s and began to enjoy some regional success at the end of 1957 when driving Ian Scott-Watson's Porsche 1600S. Clark joined the newly formed Border Reivers Racing team for the following season and won 12 of the 20 races they started.
They switched from Jaguar D-type to Lister-Jaguar for 1959 and the success continued as Clark's reputation burgeoned. They also made their debut at Le Mans when sharing the tenth-placed Lotus Elite with Sir John Whitmore. It was Boxing Day 1959 before Clark first drove a single-seater racing car – their Gemini finishing eighth in the Formula Junior race – but they were already regarded as a talent in waiting.
They signed with Aston Martin for 1960 but introduction of the front-engine F1 challenger was delayed so Clark made their Grand Prix debut with Lotus at Zandvoort. Fifth next time out in the Belgian GP, Clark finished third in that year's Le Mans 24 Hours when sharing a Border Reivers Aston Martin DBR1/300 with Roy Salvadori. They drove a works Lotus 18-Climax for the balance of the season and excelled in F1, F2 and Formula Junior. They narrowly beat Dan Gurney in the F2 Kentish 100 at Brands Hatch and was crowned John Davy and Motor Racing British Formula Junior Champion –tying team-mate Trevor Taylor for the latter. They also finished third in the Portuguese GP as they completed a fine maiden F1 season eighth in the World Championship.
Clark concentrated on F1 during 1961 – the first season of new 1.5-litre rules. Ferrari dominated that year but Clark won the non-championship Pau GP and finished third in Holland and France when points were on offer. Fourth in the German GP, Clark diced with the Ferrari of championship leader Wolfgang von Trips during the opening laps of the Italian GP. However, they touched as they approached Parabolica for the second time. Von Trips's car was launched into the crowd killing the German and 14 spectators. Team-mate Innes Ireland won the final race of the year but was released as team owner Colin Chapman invested in Clark's youthful promise.
Undisputed team leader and now armed with the revolutionary monocoque chassis Lotus 25, Clark won the Belgian, British and United States GPs as they challenged Graham Hill for the 1962 World Championship. The title decider was the South African GP at East London and the rivals qualified on the front row of the grid. Clark steadily pulled away at the front of the field and was set to clinch a first world title before suffering an oil leak with 20 laps to go.
Runner-up in the 1962 World Championship, the Scot began their third full F1 season as a firm title favourite. They retired from the lead at Monaco before racing in the Indianapolis 500 for the first time later that week. Clark started America's richest race from the middle of the front row and remained in contention all day. Their Lotus 29-Ford was running second when race leader Parnelli Jones's Watson-Offenhauser started to leak oil. Chief Steward Harlan Fengler controversially decided not to show Jones the black flag and Clark was forced to be satisfied with an impressive second position. They returned to the series later that year to lead the Milwaukee 200 from start-to-finish – Jimmy Clark was now a superstar on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean. Clark made up for their disappointment in Monaco (a race they would never win) to dominate the rest of the 1963 World Championship. They won seven of the remaining nine GPs (finishing on the podium on the other two occasions) and clinched the title with three races to spare.
Clark qualified on pole position for the 1964 Indianapolis 500 but was forced to retire when their suspension failed while in the lead. They won three of the opening five GPs of the season but poor reliability hampered their title defence. That year's British Saloon Car Champion with a Lotus Cortina, Clark entered the final GP of the year in a three-way fight for the title with Graham Hill and John Surtees. They qualified on pole position for that Mexican decider and led with ease to all-but capture back-to-back championship wins. However, their engine was losing oil and it finally expired on the last lap – thus handing a dramatic World Championship success to Surtees. Clark was third in the final standings.
Such were the ambitions of Clark, Lotus and Ford that they missed the 1965 Monaco GP to race at Indianapolis for a third time. They qualified in the middle of the front row and led for 190 of the 200 laps as they clinched a famous win. Already winner of the opening South African GP, they returned to Europe and promptly won the next four qualifying rounds to be crowned World Champion at the Nurburgring – again with three races remaining. An utterly dominant year also included title success in the Tasman Cup and British and French F2 Championships.
Twice World Champion and acknowledged as F1's leading star, the introduction of new 3000cc F1 rules for 1966 rendered another title challenge impossible. Most of the season was spent peddling an underpowered 2-litre Lotus 33-Climax but Clark still managed to finish third in Holland. The complex and ultimately disappointing BRM H16 engine was finally ready by the end of the European season and it held together long enough for Clark to win the United States GP – one of only three points finishes that season. They also starred at Indianapolis once more by qualifying second but was beaten by Hill's Lola on Memorial Day.
Rather than persevere with BRM power in 1967, Lotus signed an exclusive deal with Ford and Cosworth to develop the new DFV engine. Clark also had a new team-mate with perennial rival Hill joining from BRM. The Lotus 49-Ford was introduced at the Dutch GP with Hill qualifying on pole position and Clark winning after the Englishman retired. Further victories in the British, United States and Mexican GPs confirmed their place as F1's greatest star but crucial retirements restricted them to third overall. That season also included their remarkable comeback drive at Monza when Clark recovered a full lap lost in a pitstop to only lose victory by running out of fuel at the last corner.
Now a tax exile living in Paris and with their car and engine fully sorted, Clark converted pole position for the South African GP into victory at the start of 1968. That established new F1 records for both qualifying and race wins and lay the foundation for another expected title charge. However, before the Grand Prix circus reconvened, Jim Clark was dead. Uncharacteristically off the pace during qualifying for the F2 Deutschland Trophy at Hockenheim, Clark was running eighth after four laps of the wet track when their Lotus 48-Cosworth crashed into the trees at high speed with its driver killed instantly.
The Supreme Court of Canada issued a landmark decision this morning on the enforceability of forum selection clauses in online contracts, rejecting Facebook's effort to block a privacy class action lawsuit in British Columbia on the grounds that its own contract specified that legal actions be brought in California. A divided court ruled that the unequal bargaining power between consumers and companies such as Facebook – combined with the importance of privacy rights – meant that the clause should not be enforced and that the lawsuit should proceed in Canada.
The decision represents a clear recognition that courts should not be quick to allow companies to contract out of important rights by ousting local laws through forum selection clauses. More broadly, the terms found within non-negotiated take-it-or-leave it clickwrap contracts should not always be enforced by the courts, particularly where important rights or remedies might be lost by doing so. While forum selection clauses are an obvious mechanism for restricting rights, the reasoning might also be applied to other online contractual terms that seek to override important laws and protections. These could include contractual terms that seek to override copyright user rights such as fair dealing or local consumer safeguards.
The background of the case involves a privacy class action lawsuit over a Facebook “sponsored stories” program that no longer exists. The trial judge noted that the heart of the case is whether online terms and conditions override domestic legal protections (in this case, the B.C. Privacy Act). The trial court judge ruled that the terms did not, citing provisions in the B.C. Privacy Act that confer exclusive jurisdiction on the B.C. Supreme Court. The B.C. Court of Appeal rejected both the analysis of the BC Privacy Act and the broader public policy considerations of whether online terms should trump local law. The appeal court ruled that the Facebook terms were “valid, clear, and enforceable”. It then fell to the plaintiff to demonstrate why the court should decline to enforce the forum selection clause. The court cited as a possible example evidence that the case could not be heard in the California court (which would have the effect of creating a limitation of liability for Facebook). Without such evidence, the court ruled that the Facebook terms were binding. Moreover, it rejected the argument that the B.C. Privacy Act is intended to trump valid contracts.
The Supreme Court of Canada ruling overrules the B.C. Court of Appeal, holding that the forum selection clause was enforceable. The majority ruling comes from two written decisions:
Justices Karakatsanis, Wagner and Gascon writing one set of reasons and Justice Abella the other.
The Karakatsanis, Wagner and Gascon ruling emphasizes the uneven bargaining power between the parties:
The grossly uneven bargaining power between the parties and the importance of adjudicating quasi-constitutional privacy rights in the province are reasons of public policy that are compelling, and when considered together, are decisive in this case.
While supporters of online contracts frequently cite the need for certainty, the court notes that there may be other factors to consider (happily citing directly from the CIPPIC intervention):
Irrespective of the formal validity of the contract, the consumer context may provide strong reasons not to enforce forum selection clauses. For example, the unequal bargaining power of the parties and the rights that a consumer relinquishes under the contract, without any opportunity to negotiate, may provide compelling reasons for a court to exercise its discretion to deny a stay of proceedings, depending on the other circumstances of the case. And as one of the interveners argues, instead of supporting certainty and security, forum selection clauses in consumer contracts may do ‘the opposite for the millions of ordinary people who would not foresee or expect its implications and cannot be deemed to have undertaken sophisticated analysis of foreign legal systems prior to opening an online account' (Samuelson-Glushko Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic Factum).
The majority concludes that Douez met the burden of establishing that there is strong cause not to enforce the forum selection clause. The reasons include unequal bargaining power and the importance of privacy as a quasi-constitutional right. On unequal bargaining power, they cite my colleague Marina Pavlović in stating:
Despite Facebook's claim otherwise, it is clear from the evidence that there was gross inequality of bargaining power between the parties. Ms. Douez's claim involves an online contract of adhesion formed between an individual and a multi-billion dollar corporation. The evidence on the record is that Facebook reported almost $4.28 billion in revenue in 2012 through advertising on its social media platform. It is in contractual relationships with 1.8 million British Columbian residents, approximately forty percent of the province's population. Ms. Douez is one of these individuals. Relatedly, individual consumers in this context are faced with little choice but to accept Facebook's terms of use. Facebook asserts that Ms. Douez could have simply rejected Facebook's terms. But as the academic commentary makes clear, in today's digital marketplace, transactions between businesses and consumers are generally covered by non-negotiable standard form contracts presented to consumers on a “take-it-or-leave-it” basis (Pavlović, at p. 392).
On privacy, the court discusses its importance as a quasi-constitutional right and is particularly sensitive the privacy challenges that arise from the Internet:
Canadian courts have a greater interest in adjudicating cases impinging on constitutional and quasi-constitutional rights because these rights play an essential role in a free and democratic society and embody key Canadian values. There is an inherent public good in Canadian courts deciding these types of claims. Through adjudication, courts establish norms and interpret the rights enjoyed by all Canadians.
At issue in this case is Ms. Douez's statutory privacy right. Privacy legislation has been accorded quasi-constitutional status. This Court has emphasized the importance of privacy – and its role in protecting one's physical and moral autonomy – on multiple occasions. As the chambers judge noted, the growth of the Internet, virtually timeless with pervasive reach, has exacerbated the potential harm that may flow from incursions to a person's privacy interests. In this context, it is especially important that such harms do not go without remedy.
The majority adds that there are additional factors that weigh toward non-enforcement, including the interests of justice (it wasn't clear that a California court, which was designated in the Facebook clause, would even hear the case) and the convenience and costs associated with litigating there.
Justice Abella joined the majority with reasons that adopted an even stronger position against the enforceability of the Facebook contract. While Justices Karakatsanis, Wagner and Gascon ruled that the clause is enforceable under contractual doctrine but that Douez met the burden of showing strong cause that it should not be enforced, Justice Abella concluded that it was not enforceable at the first step of inquiry, emphasizing the non-negotiated nature of online contracts. They state:
I accept that certainty and predictability generally favour the enforcement at common law of contractual terms, but it is important to put this forum selection clause in its contractual context. We are dealing here with an online consumer contract of adhesion. Unlike Pompey, there is virtually no opportunity on the part of the consumer to negotiate the terms of the clause. To become a member of Facebook, one must accept all the terms stipulated in the terms of use. No bargaining, no choice, no adjustments.
Justice Abella then asks the question that many consumers may ask in the context of online contracts:
What does “consent” mean when the agreement is said to be made by pressing a computer key? Can it realistically be said that the consumer turned their or their mind to all the terms and gave meaningful consent?
Them conclusion:
In general, then, when online consumer contracts of adhesion contain terms that unduly impede the ability of consumers to vindicate their rights in domestic courts, particularly their quasi-constitutional or constitutional rights, in my view, public policy concerns outweigh those favouring enforceability of a forum selection clause.
Justice Abella's analysis then turns to the importance of privacy and the “grossly uneven bargaining power” in concluding that the forum selection clause in the Facebook agreement is unenforceable as a “classic case of unconscionability.”
There is a dissent from Chief Justice McLachlin and Justices Moldaver and Côté. They emphasize the importance of forum selection clauses, arguing that the default should be that they are enforceable, particularly in the online environment (citing an article I wrote many years ago about the challenges of Internet jurisdiction). They note that many companies large and small rely on the clauses and that :
The overwhelming weight of international jurisprudence shows that, far from being a subterfuge to deny access to justice, forum selection clauses are vital to international order, fairness and comity.
The dissent also argues that there was no evidence of the state of California law nor of the hardship in litigating there.
With the majority ruling against the enforceability of the forum selection clause, the court has demonstrated their discomfort with non-negotiated online terms that place consumers at a significant disadvantage and may result in a loss of rights. While forum selection clauses are an obvious manifestation of that, the reasoning might also be applied to other online contractual terms that seek to override important laws and protections. These could include contractual terms that seek to override copyright user rights or local consumer safeguards. The decision will undoubtedly have a significant impact on online contracting in Canada, forcing many online companies to reconsider whether their agreements are fully enforceable and emboldening consumers to stand up for their rights.
Back in mid-November, we heard that the French finance regulator had accused five Ubisoft executives of insider trading, including the head of Ubisoft Montreal. The issue arose back when five executives sold shares in Ubisoft prior to the announcement that Watch Dogs would be delayed, after which Ubisoft's shares dropped in value. At the time, these allegations were denied but today, those involved were fined €1.2 million.
The Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) handed down the fine earlier today but as Ubisoft has told Kotaku, the publisher will be appealing the judgement and believes that those involved did not intentionally commit any crime: “Ubisoft acknowledges the AMF's decision, but continues to assert that the people involved acted in good faith. We are convinced that these team members did not intentionally commit any acts contrary to market regulations.”
For those who perhaps don't know, the AMF is specifically accusing these execs of having prior knowledge of the Watch Dogs delay and then taking advantage of that privileged information to sell their shares before the value dropped. In the case of Watch Dogs, the delay announcement caused Ubisoft shares to take a 25 percent drop in value.
Ubisoft is arguing that due to the processes and timetables involved in game development, those involved could not have known about the delay at the time they sold shares. Apparently, the decision to delay Watch Dogs was only made on the 11th of October 2013, just six weeks before the game was originally supposed to release. It is Ubisoft's belief that the AMF is misunderstanding how game development works and they will try and prove that during the appeals process.
KitGuru Says: The most intriguing part about this for me is that Ubisoft only decided to delay Watch Dogs a mere six weeks before it was originally supposed to release. That seems to be cutting it pretty close in my opinion but then again, 2013/2014 weren't great years for Ubisoft in general and I imagine policies on this sort of thing have changed at the publisher since then.
Robert Podgurski – The Sacred Alignments & Dark Side of Sigils
Robert Podgurski, author of The Sacred Alignments & Dark Side of Sigils – a truly excellent book, is our guest in podcast episode 143.
Robert Podgurski has been researching and working with the Enochian system, the techniques of Austin Osman Spare, and other forms of magickal practice for over 30 years and has published a number of essays on magick and the occult, as well as their own poetry. He's also conducted lectures and workshops throughout the United States.
The Sacred Alignments & Dark Side of Sigils represents a groundbreaking study in modern magick and the exploration of consciousness. In this book, Robert Podgurski describes the discovery of the Grid Sigil and its uses as they initially intuited them. This particular sigilic tool bridges the gap between Enochian Magick and Austin Spare's unique system of sigilization. However, the Grid Sigil is not so much the primary focus of this book as is the elaboration upon the methodology and underpinning elements developed in support of this discovery that should prove to be of key interest to practitioners and researchers of western esotericism. And it is ultimately the goal of the author to provide other aspirants with their unique perspective on this complex framework as a means to promote and inspire innovations in new-aeonic magick. Furthermore, unlike many new age and modern metaphysical works prevalent today The Sacred Alignments & Dark Side of Sigils is bolstered by over 25 years of well documented research into Hermeticism, Enochian Magick, Eastern theories of Yantra and Tantra, as well as Geomagnetism, Sigils, etc. The scholarly dimension of this book should appeal to serious students of Renaissance occultism as well as to modern Thelemic magicians.
Robert's book, The Sacred Alignments & Dark Side of Sigils, introduces the reader to the Grid Sigil – an original and innovative magical tool that is designed not only to focus and empower internalized workings but also to play an active part in external applications such as dowsing and elemental workings. The “Sacred Alignments” of the title explores the pathways that exist between the Grid Sigil and other forms of magick: principally Enochian but also those of Crowley, Spare, Bertiaux, and others. In addition to providing a practical exposition of Sigil Magick, “The Sacred Alignments” offers a scholarly exploration of its diverse roots and inspirations, from the thought of Robert Grosetteste and medieval Western concepts of the Divine Signature, to Eastern antecedents such as Tantric Philosophies of Yantra and Mandala. The work is illustrated with black and white and color plates and also serves as a celebration of magick as an artful endeavor.
“… I do believe that one of the objectives of this book, as would be the case for any text of magick, is to bring all or at least some of the reader's previous notions of magick to task and to hopefully initiate a process of introspection and re-evaluation thereof. Hopefully the reader will bring the precepts of this book along with their own perceptions under scrutiny. So I have developed this study not just as a modern how-to manual, but as a critical and historical study of the earth's grid, i.e. the geomagnetic web, sigils and evocation and mantra as they all relate to my recent discovery of the Grid Sigil… Ultimately, the use of the Grid Sigil is aimed at affording a higher sense of the interaction between the weave of celestial and terrestrial energies as they exist and the aspirant's place within this great tapestry. The sigils of the Grid are the building blocks of the language of the matrix itself.” – Robert Pogdurski, excerpt from the Preface, p.13-14, The Sacred Alignments & Dark Side of Sigils
Robert's book is perhaps the most original and innovative magickal text that I've encountered in some time. It's clear that they spent decades working on the material and has delivered something truly worthy of your attention. The depth of their work, both philosophically and practically is impressive, as is the physical presentation. I highly recommend their work.
intro music by HipGnosis and Paul Avgerinos
outro music – “Afterlife” by Mountain Mirrors
BRADENTON, Fla. — Infielder Jung Ho Kang will begin their big league career as a utility player, but the Pirates do not plan on them staying in that role forever.
“We believe we've brought in a player who's going to be an everyday player,” manager Clint Hurdle said Monday. “When that happens, we don't know. We want to prepare them for a starting role, see how the season plays out, see where they can fit and what they can add. Everybody's vision down the road is for this man to post up and become a regular player in the Pirates' lineup.”
Kang played shortstop in South Korea and also has experience at third base. The Pirates also want to test them at second base during spring training.
“It's not something I can decide,” Kang said through translator Jae Han. “Whatever the team asks for, I'm going to prepare for it and be ready for it.”
Kang, 27, is on a four-year contract. Shortstop Jordy Mercer, 28, will enter their first year of arbitration eligibility after this season. Third baseman Josh Harrison, 27, is under team control until after the 2017 season. Second baseman Neil Walker, 29, will be a free agent after the 2016 season.
• Utilityman Sean Rodriguez made the day's best defensive play during an infield drill on Field 2. Playing shortstop, they snagged a hard-hopper bare-handed and fired a bullet to first base on the run. “It was phenomenal. It was filthy,” Hurdle said. “He's got that one in their back pocket now.”
• Hurdle said Radhames Liz will be stretched out to at least three innings/50 pitches during camp, but indicated the right-hander will be used out of the bullpen during the season. Liz, 31, started 21 of their 28 career outings, but has not pitched in the majors since 2009.
• The first full-squad workout will be Tuesday morning. On Monday, Hurdle said all the players were expected to report on time. Two groups of pitchers, including Gerrit Cole and Francisco Liriano, are slated to throw live batting practice.
• Owner Bob Nutting is scheduled to address the team Wednesday morning at Pirate City.
“I think my husband may be bisexual. What do I do?”
“My wife has recently admitted they are bisexual. Does this mean she'll leave me?”
I get many letters from all kinds of people – gay, straight, men, women, and everything in between – who suspect their husbands, wives, partners may be secretly bisexual, or have discovered that they are bisexual.
What can you do as a spouse or partner to help your bisexual mate?
The first thing is to understand that bisexuality is not a death sentence. It need not be a relationship-ending fork in the road. Nor does it mean that your partner has been lying to you all this time, either.
Unlike other sexual orientations, bisexual desire often rises up from some unknown source, usually unbidden, insinuating itself into the otherwise calm waters of the unsuspecting person's psyche.
I told my wife that I'd had sexual experiences with men as soon as we started sleeping together. I did not identify as bisexual at the time, however. Back then (it's been over 20 years) I defined my experiences with men during my teens and twenties as “experimentation,” the end result of which was my conclusion that I am straight, pretty much.
For the first 12 years of our marriage I did not have a single bisexual urge. Nothing. I was a heterosexual man, married with two kids. And then one morning I awoke to find that it had come back. The only way to describe it would be to say that my bisexuality had been in remission. Along with this unexpected, renewed desire for men came all my old questions: Why now? What does this mean? And the most damaging of them all: What's wrong with me?
Through my counselling practice and the support groups I organize and facilitate, I've since heard many other bisexuals express the same thoughts, having gone through a similar line of questioning. I've heard how an early childhood trauma may have caused their bisexuality; an abusive or distant parent; an inadvertent encounter which had left an indelible stain.
When I recently brought these ideas up to a counsellor who deals with childhood abuse, they responded to me by saying: “Why is it heterosexual survivors of childhood abuse don't blame their heterosexuality on the abuse?”
There is a pervasive belief among bisexuals that there must be a reason for our bisexual urges, the underlying belief being there is something wrong with our desires: “This must be a pathology of some kind,” we think. “Somewhere along the way my wires must have gotten crossed. All I have to do is find out how this disconnect came about, and I'll be cured!” That's what I thought.
This, despite study after study that shows there are many more self-identified monosexuals who have bisexual leanings than not, and that bisexuals in fact comprise the largest group within the LGBT crowd.
As previously discussed, bisexuals have much higher levels of anxiety, depression, self harm and suicidality than any other sexual orientation. One of the biggest sources of these internal stressors for bisexuals is the conflict between coming out as bisexual, or questioning, or confused, to a spouse or partner.
“This is not what I signed up for!” one woman told their wife upon discovering they are bisexual. Would they have responded the same way had they learned their wife had cancer? Or was dealing with depression? Or had lost their job?
Of all the unexpected circumstances which take us by surprise along the road through life, bisexuality is not something to fear.
Here are some tips on what you can do if you discover your partner is bisexual:
It's important to recognize and understand how difficult it is for bisexuals to open up about their feelings – especially to loved ones: they do not want to lose you, but fear they will. Intimacy is created by revealing secret, often scary aspects of ourselves to another. Opening up and allowing ourselves to be vulnerable in this way is a huge risk. Please honour the courage it takes to do this, and the trust required on their part. Treat him/her with respect, love, caring, sympathy.
Acceptance is the biggest issue for bisexuals, with self-acceptance being the most difficult. Once a person comes to accept his/her bisexuality, the next hurdle is gaining acceptance by close friends and loved ones. As a spouse/partner, it is vital that you reassure your partner that you love him/her regardless, and that you are willing to work this through, together.
Do not take your partner's bisexuality personally. It is not about you. It is not about something you did or did not do or say or think. Refrain from blaming yourself or your partner: there is no need for blame.
Keep the lines of communication wide open. Take an interest in what has been going on with your partner internally. Be proactive and brave enough to discuss the details without anger or resentment: ask questions about the nature of his/her desire; how long it's been going on; what – if anything – they'd like to do; if they've already done some experimenting.
See this as an opportunity for both of you to live with greater authenticity, rather than a burden. Change is the only constant in your life. Having a bisexual partner can lead to all kinds of new, exciting, unexpected experiences. It can be a time to deepen and strengthen your relationship; renew your interest in each other; allow for your own pent-up sexual desires to come forth.
Here is an excerpt from an email I received recently from Gary, in the UK:
“I am a married bisexual man and came out to my wife (of 27 years this year) around 8 years ago when I was 46…. Much of what I've read on your site strikes a very loud chord with me and I count myself to be very lucky to be married to a woman that has not only been involved in the facilitation of my journey over the last 8 years, but has expressed on numerous occasions that I am a better person now that I am able to fully own my sexuality. In their words, I am flourishing!”
Of the couples who stay together despite the admission of bisexuality – even if it's after the marriage – many report the same kinds of mutually-beneficial experiences. There is nothing more enjoyable than a spouse who is happy, healthy, authentic, and thriving.
It's important to understand that not everyone who identifies as bisexual feels the need to act on it. So nothing more need happen other than your partner has come to realize this. I've met self-identified bisexuals who have never had sexual relations with the “other” sex (depending on if they are gay/straight). Nor do they feel the need to. It is enough for them to know and to acknowledge publicly that they have the potential for sexual and intimate connections with both (all) sexes.
During a book signing I was doing for “Confessions of a Bisexual Husband”, one male/female couple in their forties sat next to me to tell me their story: ten years before, when they'd just started going out, the man was determined to start their relationship on a solid footing. They called the woman, their voice shaking, their terror palpable to her: “I have something I need to tell you,” they said.
“What is it?” they asked, scared and concerned, wondering if this was it.
They hemmed and hawed, until they finally came out and said it: “You need to know that I'm bisexual,” they said, waiting for them to hang up.
“Okay. Is that it?” they asked, confused.
“Yeah, that's it,” they said, equally perplexed. “You don't think it's a big deal?” they asked.
“I love you and I want to be with you. I thought you were going to tell me you had a terminal disease and only had a little time left, or you didn't like me and you wanted to break up. You sure that's all you want to say?” they pressed.
They've been together ever since. We all go through difficult times with family members, partners, friends. An admission of bisexuality need not be one of those times.
Acknowledging the ability to form intimate emotional and/or physical connections regardless of sex or gender is a beautiful thing. We could all benefit by allowing ourselves that much potential for love. I suggest you follow your bisexual partner's lead by taking their hand and willingly, lovingly, happily, enthusiastically walking with them through this adventure we call life, and be open to whatever may come.
Share. Point Break meets Left 4 Dead but loses some polish. Point Break meets Left 4 Dead but loses some polish.
I've owned a copy of PayDay: The Heist for a while -- nearly a month, in fact -- and although I've played plenty of other games since this download arrived, PayDay memories still bring a smile to my face. Nix getting killed outside the bank vault over and over again, exchanging my first hostage for a teammate, Ben Dickens and I are massacring a SWAT team while monitoring the second floor of a drug den -- this game turned the IGN office into a screaming match. PayDay: The Heist is stiff and unintuitive in spots, but the overall package is a fun and a welcome addition to the PlayStation Network.
PayDay: The Heist Video Review
If you've seen Point Break or played Left 4 Dead, wrapping your head around PayDay: The Heist is easy. A cooperative first-person shooter, PayDay casts you and three bots or online friends as thieves and gives you six different jobs to go out on. Missions range from a bank heist to breaking out a prisoner to getting away from a job gone wrong, and enemy tactics change depending on how you're tackling a job.
When I first started playing, I assumed these situations would get stale as the mission objectives don't change -- you're always doing the same action in the same place -- but PayDay keeps it interesting with its dynamic leveling system. Your character evolves as you play and that tweaks the game's various heists. Each time you level up, you unlock a new weapon, item or bonus from the experience tree you have active. See, there are three trees and you can switch between them at any time. This is important to point out in the review because PayDay never explains this system in the game. I had to call the folks behind PayDay to get an explanation of how the trees work. PayDay's menus tend to just throw text at you and leave you to figure it out. I'm sure most people will do just that, but I know some folks will just walk away in frustration.
That's a shame because the skill trees are worth getting to the bottom of -- there are more than 140 levels to achieve. Once you get an established crew together, you can build teams where everyone has a specialized function. You can have a medic, an ammo man, a dude whose sole job is to handcuff hostages; it all depends on which tree a given player has been investing in. That kind of role-playing is great for people who want to nerd out and plan missions.
Playing heists over and over again is the point of PayDay. Each time I started a job, I was out to do better than the time before. I'd warn new teammates about faulty drills, coordinate taking out security cameras, and call out cops that needed to be wiped out. It was actually a bit creepy (yet thrilling) how well my friends and I transitioned into the role of criminals. We'd pull our guns, put on our clown masks, and begin working as a unit. Cue the in-office screaming and me loving the atmosphere.
Get off my roof.
But make no mistake about it, the "we" was a big part of the good time. PayDay: The Heist packs a single-player option that pairs you with AI teammates, but it's only good for getting to know the maps and working on leveling up. The game shines when you play it with friends using headsets, and even then, dumb enemies and stiff gunplay can spoil some people's good time.
PayDay really stumbles when it comes to presentation and polish. Objectives populate every map and change as the job progresses (go here, bomb this, capture that). However, the game doesn't bother explaining them all that well. There's a part in the first mission where you have to wait for a fire to eat through a bank vault's ceiling, and every time someone new played with me, they'd think we missed something or screwed something up as the fire just burns and burns and burns. There's no countdown, and the majority of the references to the process are in-game audio lines that get lost when players are jabbering at each other.
The game just feels clunky at times whether it's an enemy spawning from thin air or someone clipping through a wall.
Rep. Louie Gohmert (R) on Monday defended former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin's (R) portrayal in a Saturday Night Live sketch from 2008 that poked fun at Palin's foreign policy views concerning Russia.
“There's many in the United States that actually believe Sarah Palin said, ‘and I can see Russia from my house,'” Gohmert said on the House floor. “It was a very clever sketch, it was funny. I laughed when I saw it. But I also knew how intelligent and what a great leader and Governor Sarah Palin had been and what a great leader they are.”
In the SNL skit, Tina Fey plays Palin and pokes fun at the governor's response to an interview question from ABC's Charlie Gibson about how their proximity to Russia in Alaska gives their insight into the country.
“They're our next door neighbors and you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska, from an island in Alaska,” they said in the interview.
Gohmert said they wanted to make sure people had an accurate understanding of Palin's foreign policy chops.
“I just wanted to set the record straight so people will understand and the Congressional Record will properly reflect how prescient that Sarah Palin has been in the past,” they said Monday.
Watch their speech on the House floor via Raw Story:
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Drought in Australia has been made worse by climate change according to researchers
The remnants of burnt carbon have been causing Australians all over the world to hang their heads in shame in recent days.
But the painful loss of the Ashes, cricket's most ridiculous trophy, to England, isn't the only CO2 related problem facing the Lucky Country.
The Australian government's announcement of an emissions reduction target for 2030 has been met with the international political equivalent of "meh".
Prime Minister Tony Abbott said their plan, to cut carbon by at least 26% of 2005 levels by 2030, was "fairly and squarely in the middle of comparable economies".
Err, not really.
Australia has chosen to use 2005 as its base year, coincidentally the year its emissions peaked. But if you make a comparison with 1990 as a baseline year, a clearer picture emerges.
Figures from the Australian think tank, the Climate Institute show that Mr Abbott's new plan will cut emissions by 20% of 1990 levels by 2030. The US on the same basis will cut by 32%, the EU by 40% - and the UK will have reduced carbon dioxide by 66%.
The only countries to do less than Australia in this analysis, are Canada and New Zealand.
Commentators were quick to put the boot in to the Abbott plan.
The message from Australia's neighbours in the Pacific was even stronger.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Australia is one of the world's biggest coal exporters
"Australia's weak target is another serious blow to its international reputation," said Tony de Brum, Foreign Minister for the Marshall Islands, who argued that the plan sent a serious shudder through the Pacific.
"If the rest of the world followed Australia's lead, the Great Barrier Reef would disappear. So would my country, and the other vulnerable atoll nations on Australia's doorstep."
Given the Abbott government's track record on repealing the country's carbon tax and lowering its renewable energy target, their low ball carbon target is hardly a surprise.
Despite the poor reception for the plan, there is a slight silver lining to the dark carbon clouds.
Australia's commitment means that a new global compact on climate change is more likely to be agreed this December at a crucial UN meeting in Paris.
Anyone remembers the Kyoto Protocol? The world's first significant attempt to rein in carbon emissions was signed, amid fanfare, back in 1997 and came into force in 2005.
But crucially the treaty was rejected by the US and Australia, initially. It also didn't include restrictions on CO2 from China and all other developing nations.
Hill of beans
Right now, four months ahead of Paris, the US , EU, China, Australia and around 50 other countries, representing over 60% of emissions, have pledged to rein in their carbon as part of a new global compact on climate change.
Critics will say, rightly, that it doesn't amount to a hill of methane-infused beans in keeping global warming below 2C, the accepted threshold for dangerous consequences.
Negotiators are aware of this - and are already seeking to ensure that a deal in Paris will have a mechanism to review and ratchet up contributions of countries like Australia.
UK climate secretary Amber Rudd recently outlined their preference for this idea, when questioned by the House of Commons Energy and Climate Change Committee.
"We want 194 countries signed up to keeping two degrees within reach," Ms Rudd told the MPs.
"And then, on top of that, I would like to see five-year reviews in which there will be an aggregate look at how we're doing."
And who knows, if public opinion in Australia is to be believed, there seems to be greater appetite for action on carbon than Mr Abbott has pledged.
Climate change could become the big issue in the next general election down under. And where Australia leads, the world may follow.
Follow Matt on Twitter.
Once in a while you see cars that leave you wondering what exactly the owner was trying to accomplish. Then there are those cars that literally make you question what planet you are on, and how in the heck you arrived there. Today we have one of the latter.
Recently this “submersible-car-ship?” was spotted at a Wendy's Restaurant in Ohio and posted up by “B3passatBMX” from VWVortex.com. They were wondering what the heck they had just witnessed, because we all know that “what has been seen, cannot be unseen”. Luckily for us, they grabbed photographic evidence of the “jet-vehicle-hover-plane?” because there is absolutely zero chance of the world believing this story otherwise. Now…. what they found sitting in this parking lot was truly amazing, almost beyond words. It was something so futuristic, yet retro, yet gangsta, that you aren't sure what planet it was from or where it may have landed. Is it from the future? Could it be from the distant past? Nobody actually knows. All we know is that its home base in Ohio, and it appears to have once sported wings. Yes, I said wings. Also, notice the crazy blower-style drive belt inside, and fully custom hubcaps. The word on the streets is that it had a VW engine tucked underneath it, but who really knows. It may be a decoy so that you don't notice the turbo rocket booster packs.
That being said, please enjoy the beauty that is this wonderous space-time-traveling-plane-car-ship, because it may be the only photographic evidence that it really exists. If you have any further information on this …… “car”, please enlighten us. Clearly somebody put a LOT of time and effort into this for a reason, and I personally would LOVE to see and learn more about it and it's builder.
UPDATE: WE NOW KNOW THE TRUTH – This is the Ben-Dera Ford
Pictures Credit:
http://forums.vwvortex.com/showthread.php?5000902-What-the-hell-did-I-just-see-!
>> More from Pippen: Bulls' D the key in the postseason
When the 2011 NBA Playoffs are said and done, it's the Chicago Bulls who will be going home with their seventh world championship.
Yes, I'm biased because they are my team. But stop rolling your eyes, because this is a decision based on a large body of work, one which resulted in Chicago finishing an NBA-best 62-20.
When you take into account how their regular season went, finishing with the best record in the league, it's not hard to see why the Bulls are considered a favorite. On top of that, they are playing as well as anyone in the league right now, having won nine in a row. Under Tom Thibodeau, they have become the best defensive team in the league.
The Bulls have continued to get better and better, they have the hands down MVP of the league in Derrick Rose, and they get plenty of help from the likes of Luol Deng, Joakim Noah and Carlos Boozer. They've faced the adversity of injuries and hardly missed a beat.
Chicago hit the All-Star break and kicked into another gear, compiling a record of 24-4 since then, best in the NBA. They've constantly been on the uptick and I simply don't see another team in the NBA who has been as consistently great.
So above is my 2011 NBA Playoffs bracket, with an explanation on a few of my predictions to follow.
-- The biggest obstacle for Chicago to overcome in getting to the NBA Finals will be either the Miami Heat or Boston Celtics. Fortunately, the Bulls won't have to go through both teams as they'd meet whoever survives in the Eastern Conference Finals, assuming they can get past Indiana and either Orlando or Atlanta.
I think that the Celtics are susceptible to a first round upset. Heading into their game with Chicago last week, New York had won seven games in a row. They seemed to be coming together after an adjustment period following the trade for Carmelo Anthony and hitting a little rhythm. The Knicks are a scary team to face in the playoffs with two legitimate scorers. Even without Amar'e Stoudemire in the lineup, they were very competitive against the Bulls. They appear to be healthy now and adds that extra dimension that will cause Boston a lot of trouble, especially now that they no longer have Kendrick Perkins. They did a lot for them defensively and helped clog up the lane. I'm not sure Shaquille O'Neal or Jermaine O'Neil can replicate the presence that they brought to the table.
With their ‘Big Three' of Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce and Ray Allen, not getting any younger, yet still providing a more than formidable core, it might be a make or break postseason for Boston. If they do get knocked out early, the Celtics' management will have some tough decisions to make on whether they want to keep that team together or not.
-- I like the Miami Heat to get past the Philadelphia 76ers in the first round, but that's not going to be any walk in the park. Doug Collins has Philly playing very well right now and like the Bulls, they too are very tough defensively. It took some time, but Collins has them performing the way they expect them to perform and it has brought on the results. But unless they can steal a victory in Miami, it's probably going to be an uphill battle for them.
-- If it is the Bulls and Heat in the conference finals, I like Chicago in a seven-game, hard fought series. Both teams have a lot of pressure on them to get to this point, with the Bulls having the best record in the NBA and Miami having all of the expectations dating back to last summer.
The teams had the chance to get to know each other this season, with the Bulls sweeping the season series, 3-0. So the familiarity is there and Chicago has demonstrated the ability to defend them. Though LeBron James and Chris Bosh are new to Miami, they were with Eastern Conference teams before, so the Bulls have a feel for their style of play and what they bring to the table. The same goes for Dwyane Wade.
The success Chicago had against Miami this year will give the Bulls confidence. Even though the team can't take any of those 62 wins into the playoffs, accomplishments like that give you an edge.
-- The Spurs were outstanding in the regular season as well, and I think a lot of the credit goes to coach Gregg Popovich. He's had them ready all year long. They got off to a great start, but then stayed focused and maintained it. They slowed down a little bit in the second half, which enabled the Bulls to catch them. What they lack, though, is a Derrick Rose-type star player. They don't have a LeBron or Kobe, and while it has always been like that for San Antonio, they've still found a way to get it done. But I don't think they are going to be strong enough to fight off some of the younger teams, specifically the Oklahoma City Thunder. It will be a challenge for them physically to keep up with that team in a potential second-round series.
-- As for the Thunder, they have two young stars in Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook. They acquired some valuable postseason experience last year in facing the eventual champion Lakers. Plus, with the acquisition of Perkins, they now have some size to add to their core. He's a great complementary player who doesn't demand a lot of shots, but works hard and helps their team win. Durant, who can score at will, is another player who has had an MVP-type year and I know he'll be up to the challenge. They are a high powered offensive team that can easily put 100-plus points on the board. If they can do that in the playoffs, it might make up for where they lack defensively.
-- It wasn't easy picking against the Lakers in the West, but the health of Andrew Bynum and their knee is a concern. If we know for certain Los Angeles is 100 percent healthy, then maybe I change my prediction. But with injuries, they lack that chemistry and are not at the level they have been the last two seasons. The Lakers came out of the All-Star break red hot, but then took a step back with a losing streak before the end of the season. They seem a little bit vulnerable and I expect some of these younger teams to push them. Bynum will be the key to their success. If he's fully healthy, they could run the table.
-- If when the NBA Finals get underway in June it does end up being the Chicago Bulls and Oklahoma City Thunder, you couldn't help but take note of the changing of the guard in the league. These are two teams we'll hear a lot from in the future, as well as the Heat, who are still reasonably young. The good thing about the NBA right now is that no one team has dominated all season long. I'm not sure I would call that parody, but it allows younger teams who are on the rise the ability to put themselves in a position to content for a championship.
Last minute holiday shopping? Yeah, we get it, and we get that at this point it's not a good idea to pretend you're going to find the most perfect, personal, and heartfelt present ever. What you can do is order a gift card. Luckily, Walmart's online store is selling a $50 iTunes gift card for $40. It's an electronic card, so unless your email provider suddenly starts charging per-email you won't have to spring for delivery costs either. If you're tossing other things in your cart, the purchase will also count towards free shipping.
We've seen gift cards at a discount before, but usually not this steep. Walmart says supplies are limited, so while you may have put off your shopping before, you really shouldn't do the same now.
I never had the seventh grade emo phase. I grew up listening to songs from every genre, but I had never really heard of Panic! At The Disco, except for a passing mention here and there from friends.
I'm not sure what possessed me to buy tickets to the show. I think it was hearing Brendon Urie sing “Bohemian Rhapsody”. After some Googling, I realized that Panic! At The Disco today is not the same one it was back in seventh grade, so I decided to take a chance on it.
I don't remember when tickets went on sale, but I'm pretty sure it was the craziest ticket buying experience of my life. Figuring that if it didn't sell out, it would almost sell out, my sister and I went online the second tickets went on sale. After a lot of waiting and not understanding what was going on with the website because so many people were on trying to get tickets, we ended up with four floor tickets, in the VIP section, row U, for the March 4 concert at the DCU Center in Worcester, MA (pronounced Woosta, not Worchester – trust me). We were promised some merch with our tickets, as well as a separate VIP entrance. No meet and greet though, and definitely no backstage access.
After tickets were bought, we had a few months to go until the concert, so life went on. Until finally it was March 4. One of us got sick last minute, so we were just three in the end. Doors opened at 6 p.m.; we arrived at the venue around 6:20 or so. Winter had decided to wreak some last minute havoc, as it was FREEZING – like 9 degrees Fahrenheit. Thankfully, since we had the separate VIP entrance, not even 5 minutes later, we were inside the venue and heading to our seats. We had to pick up our VIP merch by 9, but there was such a long line, we made a beeline to our seats and got the merch later on (which was pretty nice). Our seats were great. About 22 rows back from the stage, we had a good view.
The first band up was Saint Motel; they went on at 7 p.m. Having never heard of them, I wasn't sure what to expect. They had their banner up and ready to go, along with all of their instruments, but that didn't really give me a good idea of what they were about. I did see something that was kind of 70's inspired, which is actually what their music sounded like to me. Their sound was very reminiscent of the disco era, and even the screens and their clothes reflected that. Their set was short, but fun. They had a great energy and I was up and dancing not even halfway into the first song, as were the girls who came with me. We stayed up and dancing for the rest of the set.
At 7:30, they were off the stage and 20 minutes later, MisterWives came on. One of the girls with me was very excited about this band. Like Saint Motel, I'd never heard of them, but was willing to give them a shot. Their energy was contagious. Their set had a lot of brights, flashing lights, which enhanced the performance instead of taking it over. They also had the audience on their feet and dancing, except they had a much bigger audience than Saint Motel, because so many more people had arrived in anticipation of seeing Brendon Urie onstage.
At 8:50 PM, 10 minutes before Panic was to go on stage, the screens all lit up with a countdown. There was also a dance-off that took place between a girl on the floor and a guy up in the bleachers. To be honest, I'm really not sure who won, but it was a fun distraction while waiting for the reason we were there to start.
As the countdown got closer and closer, the excitement in the room mounted, and I definitely felt it, too. When the clock hit 0, the show started and it was not subtle. Everyone came out on stage and immediately started performing the first song, as gold streamers were fired into the audience; I actually caught one. Let me tell you, I've been to a lot of concerts and I've seen a lot of great, energetic performers, this one was different. As far as performances go, this was definitely the best I have ever been to. The lighting was perfect (I kept wishing I had my camera and a photo pass) and the screens complemented the song being performed at the time. What surprised me the most was Brendon Urie. Where I was expecting to find someone who would just dance around a lot and not really focus on the music, I saw an amazing musician (who just happened to dance around a lot). My favorite moment was “Bohemian Rhapsody,” but I was up and dancing the entire show and having the time of my life.
The show wrapped up at 10:30; Panic! At The Disco was on stage for a solid hour and a half and in that entire amount of time, Brendon Urie spoke for less than a total of 5 minutes. The entire show was focused around giving the audience as enjoyable an experience as possible. Now I can finally say I saw Panic! At The Disco for the first time and loved it!
–
Post by Karen Shalev
Have you recently seen Panic! At The Disco? Comment below.
Like Concert Crap on Facebook
Subscribe to our Youtube
Follow Concert Crap on Instagram
Follow Concert Crap on Twitter
Follow us on Snapchat: @ConcertCrap
Or click the “Follow” link on the bottom right corner and type in your email to get updates sent directly to your inbox.
#ConcertCrap
Advertisements
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- The New England Patriots have had several draft picks emerge as top contributors who were never invited to the NFL combine, a group including receiver Julian Edelman, offensive tackle Sebastian Vollmer and safety Duron Harmon.
Rookie offensive lineman Ted Karras could be on their way to adding their name to the list.
“It wasn't the greatest feeling to be left out,” Karras said with a smile this week. “But I had a plan and stuck to it, and was fortunate enough to be in the situation I am now.”
Rookie Ted Karras has impressed the Patriots with their toughness and intelligence, offensive line coach Dante Scarnecchia said. Mark J. Rebilas/USA TODAY Sports
Karras, out of the University of Illinois, was selected in the sixth round (221st overall) after catching the eye of offensive line coach Dante Scarnecchia at their pro day and playing in the East-West Shrine Game.
Scarnecchia later said that Karras' size (6-foot-4, 305 pounds) and physicality were traits that the Patriots liked, and their intangibles also were high.
“He's a unique kid in a lot of ways,” Scarnecchia said in the weeks after the Patriots drafted Karras. “Unbelievable work ethic, really a good person [and] very, very tough. Not as athletic as some, but he's smart and always going to be in the right position.”
Karras' primary position is right guard, but they also have experience at center. Their family's history in football is well documented, as their great uncle, Alex, was a four-time Pro Bowler with the Detroit Lions before going on to a successful acting career.
Karras, 23, shares their “football journey” with ESPN.com:
When they first started playing football: “Third grade. I tried a bunch of other sports and nothing really caught my attention. I always wanted to play [football] and my mom finally let me, maybe a bit too soon as an 8-year-old.”
First position: “Nose tackle.”
Favorite teams and players growing up: “The Chicago Bears and Olin Kreutz. They had a unique name, and as a lineman as a kid, you find one that you like. They were a really good player.”
Role models growing up: “My dad [Ted Jr.] and grandpa [Ted], a lot of the males in my family. I've also had a lot of great coaches. I was very fortunate. My high school coach, Mic Roessler, was a big influence on me -- I played up on varsity as a sophomore and they kind of taught me what it was like [to play] up until that point what I thought was big-boy football. They really turned me into a pretty aggressive player.”
Top memories at Cathedral High School in Indianapolis: “I have five of my high school teammates who flew in [Thursday] night to see the game. We won two state championships; I still talk about my high school a lot; we won eight out of 10 state championships. It's a great school. I didn't know much about Indianapolis when I moved there, and through our church there were two Catholic schools [to choose] -- it was Cathedral or Bishop Chatard, where the Martins went [NFL players Zack and Nick].”
Enrolling at University of Illinois: “It was two hours away from Indy and I knew I wanted to play in the Big Ten. I only had one other offer, Indiana. My mom is an Illinois alum and I just really liked Coach [Ron] Zook when I showed up. I think I committed in like an hour.”
Top football memories at Illinois: “Beating Minnesota when they were ranked 16th, at home, our homecoming [in 2014]. That was probably our biggest win. Or Nebraska our senior year. We did what we could at Illinois.”
Drafted in sixth round by Patriots (221st overall): “I was really hoping to be drafted but I didn't know going into the day. It was crazy, we had about 40 people at the house, family and friends. Regardless of what happened, we were going to enjoy the day. Then to be drafted by the Patriots, it was great. … It's been really fun, to live your dream out every day and play in the NFL.”
Carrying on their family football tradition: “That is a big deal to me. My grandpa died in January, so they didn't get to see, but I thought it was cool when we played the Bears [in the preseason] because they had played for them for six years. I knew they were looking out.”
What they love about the game of football: “I like the team aspect. I think it's the greatest team game. And I love the fact that you have to physically sacrifice yourself for the team, I think that's a really cool aspect that instills values in you that no other sport did, at least for me.”
Summing up their football journey: “Very blessed. I always just try to enjoy the day. To continue to be wanted on a team is an honor to me, and I just try to go hard every day.”
Anthony J. Moschetto is a Long Island cardiologist with more than a quarter-century in practice.
The 54-year-old doctor is also, according to Nassau County police officials, “a hidden monster.”
Anthony J. Moschetto in a photo provided by Nassau County, N.Y., police. (Nassau County Police Department via AP)
Investigators believe Moschetto sought to have a fellow cardiologist assaulted or killed in a plot that was discovered during a months-long investigation, authorities announced.
Moschetto now faces several charges, including conspiracy and arson, officials said in a news release. They were arraigned Wednesday and is due back in court later this month, a spokesperson for the Nassau County, N.Y., District Attorney's Office said in an e-mail.
A telephone message left for Moschetto's attorney was not immediately returned Wednesday evening.
“What started as a routine investigation into the sale of prescription drugs revealed itself to be an even graver and more complex case with very serious allegations involving arson, assault weapons and even a murder plot,” Acting District Attorney Madeline Singas said in a statement. “Doctors are supposed to ensure the health and well-being of people, but Dr. Moschetto is alleged to have replaced that responsibility with brazen, callous and criminal acts.”
Acting District Attorney Madeline Singas at a news conference. (Courtesy of the Nassau County District Attorney's Office)
Moschetto and two others defendants were arrested in connection to the investigation that began in December, the statement said.
Here's what officials said about the alleged scheme involving the other doctor, according to the Associated Press:
Moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said. “He was willing to pay $5,000 to have them beaten and put in the hospital for a couple of months and pay $20,000 to have them killed,” Nassau County Assistant District Attorney Anne Donnelly said of Moschetto's intentions. “He wanted to put them out of business so they could get their business.”
Authorities executed search warrants this week, and recovered weapons — including knives, guns and a hand grenade — from Moschetto's home.
The AP noted that charges for the cache had not yet been announced Wednesday.
“Dr. Moschetto is a hidden monster living in the North Shore area who has no respect for law and life,” said Nassau County Police Department Acting Commissioner Thomas Krumpter, according to AP. “He had enough weapons to provide a small army means to wreak harm.”
Today's cover: A wealthy Long Island cardiologist allegedly tried to kill a rival doctor http://t.co/lYVFDzQN9p pic.twitter.com/zeXeZCk7hB — New York Post (@nypost) April 16, 2015
More on Morning Mix:
It's a girl! (And a girl!) (And a girl!) (And a …): All-girl set of quintuplets born in Texas
Police link two more men to spring break gang rape watched by hundreds
Cop accused of brutally torturing black suspects costs Chicago $5.5 million
If there is one law of politics the Clintons know better than anyone, it is the power of perception. Their masterful ability to twist, bend, and manipulate the truth -- even something as basic as the word “is” -- has afforded America's Power Couple a Teflon-like resistance to scandal and corruption that is the envy of less savvy politicos. In Clinton World --where both public and professional personas follow a meticulously crafted storyline that has been thoroughly polled and vetted -- nothing is left unscripted; least of all, Hillary's political swan song.
The location of New York's tiny Roosevelt Island for Hillary's first major rally of their 2016 presidential campaign, offers a small taste of how heavily the Clinton handbook will play into their campaign. Not to be interrupted by the riff-raff of New York City, limited access to “Hillary Island” allowed for total attendance control; described by The Daily Beast as a “pleasant little police state.” The island's namesake, Franklin D. Roosevelt, and its Four Freedoms Park provided the perfect backdrop for Hillary's reinvention from cloistered liberal elitist to American populist hero.
If successful, the transmogrification of one of the Washington Establishment's most entrenched fixtures into a working class hero, will be the Clinton PR machine's magnum opus. However, even it faces the limitations of how much the public is willing to swallow in order to believe such a contrived narrative. In the end, Hillary's greatest hurdle to the White House may prove to be Clinton herself. Indeed, “Hillary vs. Hillary” may prove just as exciting a bout as the likely Main Event between them and the GOP nominee.
Unlike Barack Obama in 2008, Hillary does not have the benefit of a clean slate when it comes to public service on the national stage. Whereas Obama could skate by on superficial campaign promises, Hillary's new populist rhetoric clearly clashes with a very public legacy both in office and out, that is decidedly Establishment in nature.
In fact, little about the Clintons' posh lifestyle, and their phobia of anything outside their neatly manicured sphere of influence, demonstrates any genuine connection with “the people” Hillary now champions. If a campaign could be run on clever Internet memes and social media alone, they would prefer such managed, strategic “interactions” to the unpredictability of public appearances. Such a framework reduces the risk of uncomfortable outbursts from a clearly out-of-practice Clinton, like that in New Hampshire recently when they barked at an adoring fan to get to the “back of the line” when they asked for an autograph.
Even Hillary's campaign speech on Saturday, light as it was on substance, illustrated how out-of-touch they are with their own policies as a “leader.” Not wanting to waste an opportunity to slam the Supreme Court's Citizens United ruling, Hillary called for constitutional action to “stop the endless flow of secret, unaccountable money,” which they claim is “corrupting our political process.” Never mind that Hillary is facing serious ethical questions about their own “endless flow of secret, unaccountable” foreign money, totaling in the tens of millions of dollars into the coffers of the Clinton Foundation, even as they negotiated with those very countries as Secretary of State.
Hillary also remains stubbornly tone deaf to the criticism of calling for greater transparency, when, as Secretary of State, they intentionally ignored such laws. To the average citizen, who expects government officials to be accountable to the law, such hypocrisy is obvious; in Clinton World, Hillary is the victim.
Instead of responding in a manner reflective of a true People's Champion, Hillary treated the e-mail scandal as a joke; a “distraction” orchestrated by their enemies. For those who have followed the Clintons over the years, it was simply another vintage-Clinton maneuver; one which National Journal writer and long-time Clinton reporter Ron Fournier called the “predictable, paint-by-numbers response from the Bill and Hillary Clinton political operation” -- deny, deflect, and demean.
The next 16 months for Team Hillary will be less about any substantive plans for rescuing America from the abyss; and more about a continuous reeducation campaign to persuade voters they are not the out-of-touch elitist from Chappaqua who has not driven a car in 20 years, but instead, the hip, pantsuit-wearing grandma ready to carry the presidential banner for all American women into the Oval Office.
There is an Aesop's Fable that comes to mind here. A farmer finds a viper freezing in the snow and places it in their shirt to save it from dying. Revived by the warmth, the viper resorts to its true nature, turning on its benefactor with a fatal bite. “Oh!” cries the farmer, “I am rightly served for pitying a scoundrel.” Some may genuinely buy into Hillary's conversion fairytale, and others may feel they deserve the White House as a matter of Manifest Destiny. But the essence of the Clinton fable is well-established and no amount of pity, or forced perception, will change the inevitability of corruption and ethical misconduct to come with another Clinton in the White House. They cannot help it. It is their nature. Shame on us if we succumb to its siren song.
PARIS (Reuters) - France's unemployment rate jumped back in the third quarter to its 2013 peak, compounding the woes of the unpopular government struggling to pull the euro zone's second-largest economy out of stagnation.
A logo is seen on the entrance of a Pole Emploi office (National Agency for Employment) in Champigny sur Marne, eastern Paris in this November 19, 2014 file photo. REUTERS/Charles Platiau/Files
Socialist President Francois Hollande, whose popularity has been dragged down to record lows by unemployment and earlier rounds of tax increases, said they would not run for re-election in 2017 if they failed to cut the number of jobless by then.
The jobless rate rose to 10.4 percent in the third quarter, back to its level the second quarter of 2013 - a rate last seen 16 years ago. It was the strongest rise in nearly two years and hit youths hardest, with nearly one in four out of a job.
Unemployment was 9.7 percent when Hollande came to power and 8.2 percent when predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy - now making a comeback with the aim to be the center-right's candidate in 2017 - was elected in 2007.
The worsening in the unemployment rate, after three quarters of stability, comes at a moment of growing tensions between the government and employer groups over how to create jobs.
French retailers said on Wednesday they were freezing the implementation of contracts to recruit 30,000 in subsidized jobs over three years to pressure the government to cancel a fresh 50 percent hike of the tax paid by retailers operating large commercial surfaces.
The government criticizes the lack of job creation in the private sector despite plans for 40 billion euros in tax cuts over the next three years, while employers say there is still too much red tape and taxation.
Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron, who next week unveils plans to open up regulated professions and ease up some labor rules, told an entrepreneurs' conference on Thursday it was time for change.
“In France we have for too long mixed up two things: we wanted to protect jobs, we wanted to protect what is there rather than protect the men and women who take risks,” they said.
Accord to data compiler Markit's November survey of business activity, employment continued to fall in November in France for the 13th month in a row but at the slowest pace since August.
France's unemployment rate is calculated by the official INSEE statistics office according to International Labour Organisation methodology also used by its EU peers.
The country's monthly count of jobless claims, which uses different methods and is based on people registered at the national unemployment agency, shows fresh record highs nearly every month.
While campaigning in Iowa on April 14, Hillary Clinton called for getting unaccountable money out of politics "once and for all, even if it takes a constitutional amendment," according to MSNBC's Ari Melber Clinton said that fixing our political system, and counteracting the influence of money in it, would be one of the four big fights of their campaign. The other three — strengthening the economy, helping families, and protecting the country from threats — provided what was our first glimpse into Clinton's 2016 campaign agenda and message.
Clinton is still going to raise a ton of money for 2016
Don't let these comments make you think that Clinton is renouncing big-dollar fundraising. The combined Clinton operation, including their campaign and outside groups supporting her, "is expected to be a $2.5 billion effort," Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the New York Times have reported.
Of course, Clinton has to compete in our existing system of lax campaign finance laws. And they aren't delaying their campaign launch for months so they can keep personally raising huge donations for a Super PAC, like Jeb Bush is. (Since they have declared their candidacy, they can only ask for a few thousand dollars from each donor — though the donors can still give pro-Clinton Super PACs unlimited amounts on their own.)
Still, Clinton and their husband's history of big-dollar fundraising from deep-pocketed donors — both for their own campaigns and for their charitable foundation — will leave many skeptical of their newfound commitment to the cause of campaign finance reform.
But at a moment when the party is searching for issues that will mobilize and unite liberal activists, campaign finance reform seems one logical choice. President Barack Obama, for one, told Vox in an exclusive interview that he'd "love to see" a constitutional amendment to reverse the Citizens United v. FEC decision.
What such an amendment might look like
Last fall, Senate Democrats responded to activist enthusiasm on the issue by unanimously backing a constitutional amendment to reform the system. And their proposal — which got no Republican votes — didn't merely reverse the Citizens United v. FEC ruling, but went back decades further.
REFORMERS THINK THE SUPREME COURT HAS DEFINED CORRUPTION TOO NARROWLY
Since 1976, when the Supreme Court has considered whether certain restrictions on election spending are constitutional it has taken two main things into account. On the one hand there's the First Amendment right to freedom of speech — which the Court believes includes the spending of money on elections — and on the other hand there's a governmental interest in preventing corruption or the appearance of corruption.
The problem, as campaign finance reformers see it, is that for decades the Supreme Court has defined speech too broadly and corruption too narrowly. It has ruled that laws capping how much an individual or group can donate to a particular candidate are acceptable, because they help prevent corruption. However, overall caps on the amount any candidate or corporation spends on elections are unconstitutional, because they muzzle speech without specifically preventing corruption. (The court's narrow definition of "corruption" has consistently been disputed by some justices in the minority.)
So the Democrats' proposed constitutional amendment specifically says that both Congress and state governments can limit the "raising and spending of money" meant "to influence elections." It lists several rationales for doing so — advancing "democratic self-government" and "political equality," and protecting the "integrity" of the political process. However, it only says that "reasonable limits" are acceptable — so if the amendment is ever enacted, there would undoubtedly be court battles over which restrictions are reasonable or unreasonable.
Republicans have argued that this amendment would alter the Bill of Rights for the first time in history. However, the amendment itself wouldn't actually have altered any text in the First Amendment, or the Bill of Rights more generally. Instead, it would have shot down the current Supreme Court majority's interpretation that the First Amendment prevents caps on election spending. Much of this interpretation was laid out in the 1976 case Buckley v. Valeo, and it was expanded on by several more recent Roberts Court rulings. But the interpretation has always been controversial, even within the Court itself — the recent major campaign finance rulings have all been 5 to 4.
The challenges ahead for campaign finance reform
To pass even a law reforming campaign finance, like the 2002 McCain-Feingold law, some bipartisanship is necessary. A constitutional amendment is a much bigger lift — requiring two-thirds approval in the House and Senate, and further approval from 38 states.
And the biggest problem that has dogged campaign finance reform activists is polarization. The issue has become completely polarized by party, with Republicans overwhelmingly opposed to more restrictions. Indeed, when the proposed constitutional amendment went before the Senate, every Democrat present voted yes and every Republican present voted no. Clinton's support of the issue won't change that key fact — indeed, it may even make Republicans more adamant against the proposal.
WATCH: 'Making politicians listen to citizens'
Editor's Note: This commentary is part of a series presented in conjunction with the Center's feature exhibition, Headed to the White House
Insulation from the winds of political change. Protection of minorities from the majority's tyranny. Such is the jargon describing the United States Supreme Court's role in government. Once a judge ascends to our highest court, firmly seated to exercise life-long power, the judge is expected to embrace a duty of impartiality, rendering decisions reflecting “neutral” legal principles, not partisan politics.
The reality of judging presents something quite different from this pristine vision. Even in uneventful presidential elections, entanglements emerge between the Supreme Court and politics. But the current election season has produced an alchemy that promises the presidential election extraordinary influence on the Court's membership and decisions. What makes for special circumstances? Answer: a particularly polarized electorate, the presumptive selection of an outsider candidate for the Republican Party, Justice Antonin Scalia's death, an aging Court, and the Republican Senate's unusual success in avoiding confirmation hearings to fill the Scalia vacancy.
Assuming, as appears most likely, that the general election will present Donald vs. Hillary, let's consider how these candidates will approach judicial appointments. We should also evaluate the likely fate of President Barack Obama's pick for Scalia's replacement, Judge Merrick Garland. To process all this properly, let's begin by studying what the Framers intended for our Constitution's judicial appointment process.
The bottom line about judicial appointments in our constitutional scheme: politics are baked into the cake! Our Framers envisioned that the President's nomination of a particular candidate might encounter a shove-back from the Senate, which has power to reject nominees. This is not “new” news: even in the early 1800s, Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall propelled the Court into bitter political disputes, particularly those concerning the reach of federal power. Since then, the Court has dealt with issues touching an array of controversies: continental expansion, Native American rights, slavery, segregation, abortion, homosexual rights. As Alexis de Tocqueville observed, political issues often become legal issues in the United States. And it is the Supreme Court's job to settle the hardest ones.
Highly politicized confirmation battles are therefore an integral part of the constitutional design. Significantly, this political quality to a judge's job does not end upon confirmation. Although federal judges hold a duty of impartiality, our governmental processes send a different message. For years after confirmation, a judge carries the baggage of the confirmation ordeal. Why else do newspaper reports describe judges with a modifier: Judge X, a Bill Clinton appointee, Judge Y, a George H.W. Bush appointee, Judge Z, an Obama appointee? These media reports suggest that that the President will be getting something during the judge's tenure. That “something” is presumably ideological loyalty, which the President might expect in return for the precious gift granted to the judge: a life-long, prestigious judicial appointment. Ordinary rules of human interaction suggest that the candidate's duty of loyalty and gratitude to the President will linger after the judge's initial oath in office. Whoever wins the upcoming presidential election hopes to enjoy this reward from their or their judicial picks. Sometimes justices disappoint their nominating President, but usually not.
What then would be the effect of Trump and Clinton on the Supreme Court? Considering Trump first: in an unusual maneuver, Trump listed eleven potential nominees to the Court. All are conservative; all are white; all are (roughly speaking) a Scalia clone. The net result would be a similar Court to Scalia's Court: four reliable liberals, four reliable conservatives, and middle-of-the-road Justice Anthony Kennedy controlling many case results.
Trump's move is intriguing. Are they asking the American people to vote to “elect” or endorse this slate of potential justices? Surely that's inconsistent with the Constitution's view that the Supreme Court should be above politics and majority preference. Or—more likely—is they simply telling voters that they favor a conservative Court? A look at their list sends a clear message that they intend to nominate deeply conservative, white people to fill vacancies.
If Clinton—not Trump—wins, several scenarios might unfold. Immediately after the election, the lame-duck Republican leadership may fear that Clinton would choose a younger, more left-leaning nominee than Merrick Garland. If the Democrats win the Senate, this Clinton nominee might sail through to confirmation after everyone takes office. The safer route for the lame-duck Senate might be to proceed on Garland, a potentially more consensus nominee than a Clinton pick. This scenario could also play out before the election if Republican leadership concludes that Trump lacks sufficient popular support to defeat Clinton.
A Supreme Court with Garland would be more left-leaning than with Scalia. That said, Garland has tended to support law enforcement in criminal cases, and their views may not be far from Scalia's. Justice Scalia had a mixed record on criminal matters, including votes supporting criminal defendants on search and seizure rights, sentencing, and statutory interpretation. In terms of work product, Garland would likely write fewer dissents than Scalia. Scalia's dissents were numerous and forceful, representing their most compelling contribution to our national jurisprudence. Garland tends more toward calm consensus.
If the lame-duck Senate refuses to proceed on Garland's nomination, then Clinton could either embrace Garland's nomination or nominate someone else. So far, Clinton has been cryptic, saying only that they support President Obama's chosen course. This approach contrasts with Bernie Sanders' more strident declaration that they would nominate only a candidate promising to overrule the campaign finance decision, Citizens United.
Whatever the election's outcome, the next President surely will have a significant, long-lasting impact on the Supreme Court. The current Court contains several elderly justices whose tenure may be ending soon. The oldest justices include two liberals (Justices Ruth Bader Ginsberg (83) and Stephen Breyer (77)) and the centrist Justice Kennedy (79). An ideological shift in the Court's membership will alter constitutional law on our most vital issues, affirmative action, abortion rights, immigration, health care, and regulation of corporate money in political elections … just to name a few.
Laura E. Little is the Charles Klein Professor of Law at Temple University's Beasley Law School, where they specialize in federal courts, conflict of laws, and humor and the law. Them writings on these topics can be found here . Professor Little's new book on humor and the law is expected from Oxford University Press in 2017.Editor's Note: Commentaries appearing on Constitution Daily reflect the opinions of their authors, and not those of the National Constitution Center.
Recent Election Stories on Constitution Daily
The next President and foreign affairsThe history of women in politicsCompeting visions of the American presidency
Gov. Scott WalkerÂ (R-WI) reacted Wednesday afternoon to the super-close state Supreme Court race — in which liberal-backed challenger JoAnne Kloppenburg now leads incumbent conservative Justice David Prosser, thanks to popular reaction against Walker's anti-public employee union legislation. Walker's response: Blame it on Madison — which they said is in a “very different world” from the majority of the state.
WisPolitics reports:
Gov. Scott Walker said this afternoon that the spring election results show there are “two very different worlds in this state.”
“You've got a world driven by Madison, and a world driven by everybody else out across the majority of the rest of the state of Wisconsin,” Walker said at a press conference in the Capitol.
“For those who believe it's a referendum, while it might have a statewide impact that we may lean one way or the other, it's largely driven by Madison, and to a lesser extent Milwaukee,” they also added. “But those Senate recall elections on both the Democrat and Republican side aren't being held in Madison, they aren't being held in Milwaukee.”The state capital city of Madison, a liberal college town and Democratic stronghold, has been the site of massive protests against Walker for the past month and a half, often numbering in the tens of thousands.
Out of Kloppenburg's roughly 740,000 votes, about 133,000 came from Dane County, and another 128,000 from Milwaukee County. They now lead by just over 200 votes in the current count. In those two counties, Prosser won about 48,000 and 99,000 votes, respectively, out of their 740,000 total. This in turn leaves about 479,000 Kloppenburg voters, and 593,000 Prosser voters, in the rest of the state.
So perhaps Walker has a point: If the state's two largest Democratic strongholds didn't count, perhaps they could get a majority.
Though even here, Walker's point on the district counts is not quite true — for example, Kloppenburg won a 60%-40% margin in the western Wisconsin district of state Sen. Dan Kapanke, one of the Republicans who have been targeted for recall.
As con season approaches with the all-time title bout between Pathfinder and D&D Next in its wake, it seems like a time to step back a little. Let's remind ourselves of the smaller, weirder aspects of RPG fandom. Although publishers willing to commission a large-scale print run are diminishing, the tools available today can more than make up for it. Crowd funding, PDF, POD options – not to mention Amazon and eBay – make it so the obscure titles aren't as obscure as they used to be; most are little more than a Google search away. Although we've put together only a taste of what's available in the market today, here is a sample of ten that might catch your interest.
1. After The Bomb
After the Bomb was originally a licensed Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles RPG product but when Palladium Books lost the license they made it more of a generic apocalyptic game. Either way, it was a lot of fun. You also have the side benefit of all of Palladium's books following generally the same system, thus allowing your character to sidestep into other settings. True story; my favorite character ever was an anthropomorphic T. rex from T.M.N.T. dropped into Palladium's kitchen sink RIFTS setting. They liked to eat the limbs of underlings that displeased him. Good times.
For all that, the Palladium system can be a bit of a nightmarish labyrinth of warmed over 1980s-era game design, though I've always thought they handled martial arts well. Having characters with varying number of attacks per round, everyone getting a defense roll, tons of situational modifiers, and everyone has enough hit points to suck up 10+ hits are all obstacles in a gunfight. But in a protracted martial arts duel, they are pretty much on topic and help build atmosphere. Also the Palladium system has stats for “roll with blow” and “backflip”. I think that seals the deal.
2. Spirit of the Century
Evil Hat Productions
Fate‘s successful Kickstarter last year has made them a very popular generic RPG from Evil Hat Productions with many settings here or on the way. However, before Evil Hat's ascension, there was a time when their main RPG was Spirit of the Century. A pulp-based setting with survivors of World War I out to Save the World, its ease of use and casual blending of magic and advanced tech earned it a special place in my heart. You play 1920s-ish adventurers organized into a Century Club. Not-Tarzan, not-Shadow, not-Rocketeer, and not-Houdini characters are encouraged and just scratching the surface of the available archetypes.
The best news, though, is that Fate has not forgotten Spirit of the Century in its new era. One of the first books released for Fate Core was The Day After Ragnarok, a book that is effectively a sequel to Spirit of the Century. Basically, Hitler starts Ragnarok and the heroes of Spirit of the Century manage to kill the Midgard Serpent by having not-Rocketeer fly a nuke into its mouth. The remnants and survivors of the Century Club are now released into a post-Ragnarok Cold War world where you're equally likely to be menaced by nazis, commies, and frost giants. Sounds like a fun Saturday night!
3. Blue Rose
Blue Rose is one of the more successful iterations of the once genre-crushing D20 system. When D&D Third Edition was first released, the powers that be decided its core system should be freely licensed to basically anyone who was interested. This somewhat quixotic decision did result in the D20 System being adopted or at least acknowledged by almost every RPG release of its time, but being as the license was free, it really didn't directly benefit the brand owners at all. Although it possibly spurred on sales of the core books, I doubt we'll see such an altruistic move by a game publisher again.
Blue Rose‘s version was called the True20 system and it was liked well enough to spin off into its own line. System issues aside, the reason why Blue Rose is interesting is that it was an attempt to grab the ‘other' side of fantasy gaming; the side with romances, semi-relevant religions, and conflicts that didn't always get resolved by rolling for initiative and then cutting each other until one person falls down. Can you do a high, romantic fantasy with the same basic engine as hack and slash D&D? Well, I think it's debatable, but I've enjoyed the games I have played and I really, really appreciate that Blue Rose is something a little different from the default.
4. Abney Park's Airship Pirates RPG
Myke Amend/Abney Park
If I invited you to play an RPG based on a steampunk band, I'm not sure how you would react. RPGs are obscure. Steampunk is at least semi-obscure and steampunk music is definitely obscure. Plus the era of “band goes on real life adventure” shows seem to have greatly diminished from its heyday of the Chipmunks, KISS, Josie and the Pussycats, JabberJaw, etc. So what are the odds of a band RPG being any good? (Although they are making a Jem movie, so maybe that genre is making a comeback.)
As it turns out, Abney Park's Airship Pirates RPG is actually a lot of fun. “Captain” Robert Brown, founder of the band, is actually into geeky things and has a large amount of involvement with the occasional spin off. It helps that Abney Park's music is less about an idealized Victorian era and more about a weird post apocalypse where everyone lives in the sky to avoid genetically-modified monsters that roam the land looking to kill people. The background story, in which the band gets a time-traveling ship and goes through history righting wrongs only to accidentally set up the most evil dictator ever, is wacky but not particularly overshadowing current events. The game also has surprisingly good rules for crewing a flying ship, creepy automaton-people, and a good variety of character backgrounds and tweaks to choose from.
5. Savage Worlds
PEG
Billed as fast, furious, and fun, Savage Worlds trades out much of the book-keeping of more complicated games to bring you a slim $10 full-color rule book. I don't know how much you know about RPG pricing but you can trust me when I say it's practically free as I am very trustworthy due to writing things on the Internet. The Savage Worlds rules are simple, so simple that it's pretty easy to convert almost anything to Savage Worlds as you only have a few things to worry about.
I have played games using the Savage Worlds rules a few times, and combat always kept moving, which was nice, as the more tactical RPGs can bog down here and there. A typical session covers a week in the first three hours and the last hour covers 5 minutes of combat. There are times where I do miss some of the meatier bits of combat (I generally lean towards the more intensive math / details in combat, personally) but there are some innovative bits to the system that keep things interesting. My favorite is exploding dice, which basically mean once you roll the highest on a die you get to roll it again, and if you hit max then you roll it again, on and on until your luck rolls out. Generally this has no impact on a session but once in a while the results are hilarious and memorable.
6. GURPS
The Generic Universal Role Playing System is the “evil twin” of Savage Worlds, emphasizing detail and nuances over ease of play. If you want to convert an alien or monster to GURPS then you will find rules for all of the weird stuff that sometimes gets lost in translation. Often in a gaming session you will hear people call out things like “Shouldn't I be immune to that? I'm a half-Orc and the book says they enjoy pain.” Or “My character's a war vet, so clearly they would know that they set up an ambush.” Then if you're running the game, you have to decide. Do you reward creativity? Or are the arguers skewing the game in their favor by being good at arguing and making connections?
GURPS avoids this by having rules for everything. Sure, your vampire drinks blood and runs fast, but can they disappear in the shadows? Are they allergic to garlic or flinch when they see a crucifix? Maybe they return from any death but decapitation. There are rules for all of this, with positive traits having a point cost and negative traits refunding points. The thing I like best about GURPS is that it pushes you to think deeper. Are vampires fertile? Can they withstand cold? Poison? Can they smell blood a block away or see in the dark? As long as you have time and energy you can make exactly what you want in GURPS.
7. The Queen's Cavaliers
Caoimhe Ora Snow
I don't own this game as The Queen's Cavaliers Kickstarter just went live, but they have been play testing at the local L.A. gaming cons for a few years now. This game has a somewhat narrow focus: a mildly magical and mildly anachronistic take on France-like nation full of swashbuckling and high adventure. In theory almost any RPG can handle something like this, but what I like about Queen's Cavaliers is the fact that the system has been built from the ground up with one particular genre in mind. I think that this leads to a much deeper experience as instead of playing a little side-game within the main game, as swashbuckling tends to be treated in RPGs.
Basically, the game uses a system wherein successes rolled in combat can be spent in various ways, with damaging your opponent only being one option (actually two options, as non-lethal damage is already available). You can use successes to charge up style points or advantage dice, which instead of immediately being used on an opponent can be used later for a big spectacular attack. This gives you a good reason to engage an opponent for a few rounds before devastatingly counter-attacking. Seems like a good way to capture the feeling of fencing without those crazy metal helmets and those weird white suits.
8. Warhammer 40K Roleplay
Fantasy Flight Games
You may, at some point in your life, find yourself at a convention where people are playing Warhammer 40K. This will involve tables full of large miniatures, a majority of which are tiny men in armor. That isn't the game I'm thinking of, though. Warhammer 40K also has a sizeable RPG line, full of beautiful art and tongue-in-cheek prose that keeps thing rolling. Titles include Dark Heresy, Rogue Trader, Deathwatch, and more, although they all take place in the same setting. The world of Warhammer 40K is well summarized be the somewhat infamous quote: “In the grim darkness of the future, there is only war.” Basically, the messiah arrived a few thousand years back, built the perfect society, leading humanity towards a golden age, but then they fell in battle. Then humanity tied their consciousness to their rotting corpse and used it to make a big beacon for people to travel through space. It's been a long time since then and things are really awful.
Warhammer‘s spaceships are massive, floating monstrosities that tend to be centuries old, if not older, since it's pretty difficult to find a shipbuilder these days. They're full of hundreds of people who live and grow old there on the ship, each performing some tiny duty that they barely understand. They actually have it good, though, since most people are starving or being eaten by monsters at any given minute. Not that the ship crew themselves are entirely safe, as most ships contain abandoned decks and levels that eventually fill up with savage cannibalistic descendants of lost crew, if not something worse. In summary, Warhammer 40K would be depressing to play in if it weren't so very depressing that it switches around to actually being quite funny in its own right.
9. Maid, the RPG
Star Line Publishing
Full disclosure: I haven't played Maid the RPG. I bought the book on a whim after hearing some whispers of its existence, and I've read through it, but no games yet. Given the somewhat-objectionable nature of some of the things in this book, I imagine I may never get a game together and even if I did, it might be uncomfortable. Still, the strangeness and perversity of this game makes it impossible for me to leave it out of this list. What other games let you start with a gimp as equipment? Has an optional effect called “I Peed A Little”? Or has Nymphomaniac, Sadist, Masochist, Womanizer, Exhibitionist, and… uh, “Likes them Young” as special qualities?
The core idea of the game is that you play anime maids trying to please and get closer to a somewhat-mysterious “Master”. Ways to do this includes accidentally getting undressed in front of the Master, accidentally kissing the Master, and “forcibly seducing” the maid to your right (not sure how this helps; I haven't played it). You can also wear battlesuits, ride motorcycles, go into outer space, kill your parents, be kidnapped, be a former prostitute, be a cyborg, have a “World-Rending Grudge Sword”, or learn a “World-Changing Song”. This just barely scratches the surface of the weird stuff in here; in an RPG imported from Japan. An RPG imported from Japan has to be good, right?
10. Wield
Another Kickstarter game I have play tested, John Wick's Wield starts out as a fairly standard fantasy world. Heroes find magic weapons, and the weapons have strong personalities and goals of their own. Both the weapons and the heroes grow in power and legend over time. This is all stuff you can do with almost any version of D&D. However, Wield has one big twist up its sleeve. Instead of playing the heroes, you play the weapons. You dole out powers to your hero as you see fit, allowing them to win battles but also giving them more control over you.
The group actually splits the roles; each player plays both a weapon and the wielder of another weapon. The players adventure together, but the weapons often have long and sometimes bitter histories with each other as they are essentially immortal. In the game we played, I was a barmaid who wished to be the greatest hero in the world. They were trapped with a “Cup of Water and Healing” that had basically no combat abilities whatsoever. The only solution, of course, was to use the invincible (and large) cup as a mace. This made the pacifistic cup very unhappy, resulting in the cup trying to kill the barmaid. Such shenanigans are the basis of a Wield game, and they are both unique and hilarious.
Previously by David N. Scott
10 Reasons You Should Be Watching NBC's Hannibal (Really!)
Eight Reasons You Should Care About the World of Darkness Reboots
Ten Things We Learned Attending L.A. By Night: The Grey Ghost Masquerade
10 Things Learned Shopping for a PS4 on Black Friday (At Midnight)
10 Things I Learned Running Game Demos at WonderCon
Like this article? rabble is reader-supported journalism. Chip in to keep stories like these coming.
Trying to support a family while holding down several part-time jobs. Accepting short-term contracts without benefits. Working full time but earning wages so low your annual income falls below the poverty line. Trying to survive month to month on inadequate unemployment insurance or social assistance payments. This is what life is like for many Canadians. Unfortunately, the numbers of financially disadvantaged Canadians continues to grow as precarious employment becomes the new normal.
Financial insecurity is at the root of many personal and societal problems. Individuals and families are liable to experience inadequate housing, greater food insecurity, poorer health, significantly greater health-care costs, bouts of depression and suicidal thoughts arising from hopelessness. While society is challenged by increasing homelessness, hunger, health-care costs, demands on judicial and correctional services. Yet, the solution to situational and chronic poverty is quite simple -- Canadians need a Guaranteed Livable Income (GLI).
The low income cut-off in 2011 for a single person living in a large urban centre was $23,289 before taxes. For two persons, it was $29,004. A family of four was $43,292. According to Statistics Canada, one in 10 Canadians live in poverty. That's 3.2 million Canadians, including 634,000 children.
In Ontario, a couple where both spouses are disabled receives $1,153 a month, or $13,836 annually, to live on from the Ontario Disabilities Support Program. In Alberta a single mother of one on disability receives $1,168 per month or $14,016 annually. This amount is topped up by child tax credits and GST rebates raising their annual income to $20,521. The father of the child may be required to make child support payments, but the province claws back support payments up to the amount equivalent to the mother's disability payments. In other words, the child most likely does not see a penny of their court-ordered child support.
At $11.25 per hour, Ontario has the highest minimum wage rate for provinces. Working full time for 35 hours per week for 52 weeks per year at minimum wage provides an annual income of $20,475 before taxes. Anyone earning this amount lives 12 per cent below the low-income cut-off. Two-income earners fair better because $40,950 is 41 per cent above the cut-off. If both parents make minimum wage a family of four has an annual income of $40,950 and lives 5 per cent below the low-income cut-off.
New Brunswick has the lowest minimum wage at $10.30. Single persons are trying to survive on 20 per cent less than the low-income cut-off while a family of four is 13 per cent below this floor. At $12.50 per hour the Northwest Territories has the highest minimum wage in the country. But, even that leaves a single person 2 per cent below the floor and a family of four only 5 per cent above the cut-off. Although this doesn't sound so bad, the territories are unique due to extenuating factors, like exorbitant prices for housing and food that need to be taken into account.
Dauphin, Manitoba was home to a unique experiment from 1974 to 1979. The Mincome Pilot, or Manitoba Basic Guaranteed Annual Income Experiment, provided 1,300 families with annual incomes ranging from 3,800 to 5,800 for three years. The provincial government under Ed Schreyer (NDP) along with the federal government under Pierre Elliot Trudeau (Liberal) funded the program. By all accounts it was a great success.
Concerns that a guaranteed income would be a disincentive to work were proven wrong. Participation in the workforce continued as usual with two exceptions; new mothers stayed out of the workforce longer to care for their children, and teenagers who would normally have quit school to help support their families stayed in school.
Other win-win situations emerged from this study. People were more likely to wait for a job that was a good fit rather than taking the first position available which could mean being underemployed or accepting dangerous work. Meanwhile hospital visits declined 8.5 per cent; there were fewer work-related injuries, mental health issues, and incidents of domestic abuse. If ever a policy was a "real no brainer," it's the GLI.
The Negative Income Tax (NIT) model tops up the income of those falling below a designated minimum-income floor. While the Universal Basic Income (UBI) model gives every citizen a fixed, non-taxable payment above which any additional income is taxed. Both models rely on people filing yearly income tax returns -- even if they have no income. The provincial welfare system is the only program that would become redundant.
Former Conservative Senator Hugh Segal has been championing the NIT model. According to Segal, if each person were given $12,000 to $15,000 per year, the annual cost would be about $30 billion or less than 10 per cent of the federal budget. That is a pittance compared to the $86 billion poverty costs Canadians annually.
Ideally, the GLI would be implemented in conjunction with a federal living wage policy to ensure full-time employees earn annual incomes that fall significantly above the poverty line. In addition, every level of government should mandate that government employees, and contracted individuals, be paid a living wage.
The shift in labour markets toward precarious employment is here to stay. The GLI means an individual or family has access to adequate funds for housing and food as required. Over four million adults and children are living with food insecurity. GLI could lower this number by 1.2 million individuals. This in turn would result in significant savings within the health-care system alone.
When families have enough income to take care of their basic needs cost savings are also realized in the legal and correctional systems. According to the National Crime Prevention Centre, "Most prisoners suffer from social disadvantages. In 1998, 37 per cent of inmates had an education below the grade 10 level (19 per cent for other adult Canadians); 52 per cent were unemployed at the time of their offence (versus 10 per cent unemployment for other adult Canadians)."
Dr. Andrew Pinto, a Public Health and Preventive Medicine specialist and family physician at St. Michael's Hospital in Toronto, is part of a team of doctors working to improve the health and lives of people living with poverty. They teamed up with Segal to give clinical support to the benefits of a GLI. Together Segal and Pinto want to improve the public's knowledge and understanding of GLI and show that it's a logical extension of the current health-care system that will ultimately lead to significant cost savings in health care, education and the justice system.
Segal and Pinto would like to see 10 pilot projects introduced across the country in time to celebrate Canada's 150 birthday in 2017. In fact, Calgary mayor Naheed Nenshi, Edmonton mayor Don Iveson and several groups on Prince Edward Island are interested in hosting pilot programs.
This election is the perfect time to raise the issue of a GLI. Recipients would finally have the financial means to support themselves, and their families, in a manner that preserves their dignity. Segal refers to GLI as, "Quantitative easing for the common person, as opposed to big banks and car companies, which provides liquidity when required."
GLI is an achievable goal that needs to be part of the discussion this election. Be sure to ask the candidates in your riding if they support a Guaranteed Living Income that's provided universally and unconditionally to ensure every Canadian can live with the health, dignity, respect and self-determination that they deserve.
Then, get out and vote for change so we can get our Canada back.
Like this article? rabble is reader-supported journalism. Chip in to keep stories like these coming.
What's keeping solar and wind power from fully taking over the electric grid? For starters, the sun only shines during the day. Wind blows intermittently, is seasonally variable, and is not always blowing when the energy is needed. But what if solar and wind work together? “Wind resource tends to complement solar resource,” says Sarah Kurtz of the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory. “Here in Colorado, for instance, the windiest time is during the winter and spring months. In winter, we don't have as much sunshine, but we tend to get more wind and stronger wind.”
A handful of enterprising renewable energy developers are now exploring how solar and wind might better work together, developing hybrid solar–wind projects to take advantage of the power-generating strengths of each — with the two technologies in tandem serving as a better replacement for climate-warming fossil fuels than either could be alone.
Tacking on Solar
On the rolling plains just west of Australia's Great Dividing Range, construction is expected to begin on a 10-megawatt solar farm adjacent to 73 wind turbines that are already online. According to the Australian Renewable Energy Agency — ARENA, a governmental agency tasked with increasing deployment of renewable energy — which has invested A$9.9 million in the project a couple hours' drive southwest of Sydney, the co-location of solar and wind provides more continuous energy generation than having either technology working alone.
Co-locating wind and solar plants can save money on grid connections, site development and approvals.But that's not the only benefit. Co-locating wind and solar plants can save money on grid connections, site development and approvals, says ARENA CEO Ivor Frischknecht. By building the Gullen Solar Farm adjacent to the existing wind project, Frischknecht estimates savings as high as A$6 million — reducing the cost of the project by a full 20 percent.
Frischknecht hopes that the Gullen Range project will serve as a model for how tacking solar onto existing wind farms can boost its application. “Scale isn't as important for competitiveness when plants are co-located, meaning the approach could also unlock new markets for medium-scale solar PV projects,” they say. And just how big could these new markets be? Frischknecht points to an ARENA-funded study that found an estimated 1,000 MW of solar generating potential at existing wind farms in Australia — enough, ARENA calculates, to power 700,000 homes.
“The lessons learned at Gullen Range will be invaluable, as this is the first project of its type in Australia,” Frischknecht says. “It has the potential to cement industry confidence in the approach and provide a blueprint for similar projects to follow.”
Battery Boosters
Expanding power production and saving money on installation aren't the only benefits that can come from combining wind and solar. When applied to microgrid systems — local energy grids that can disconnect from the traditional grid and operate autonomously — combined solar and wind can help cut battery costs as well, says NREL's Kurtz.
According to Kurtz, microgrids are finding application in places like Hawaii and India where utility prices are exorbitantly high or where communities are too remote to be tied into the macrogrid.
Microgrids powered by photovoltaics require battery storage, since people need power when the sun isn't shining. The problem is, batteries are still quite expensive. Adding wind can help cut the battery costs, since the wind can (and often does) blow when the sun doesn't shine.
“If you're in a location where the wind does blow, and especially where the wind complements solar, until the batteries get cheaper than the wind power itself, you're going to be better off adding wind [than batteries],” Kurtz says.
The microgrid will still need some form of storage, “because there will always be a night when the wind isn't blowing,” they add. But the solar and wind combination “can make battery demand much smaller.”
Combining solar photovoltaics and wind turbines at the same location can actually yield up to twice the amount of electricity as having either system working alone.As these types of hybrid systems are just now coming online — ARENA hopes that the Gullen Solar Farm will start producing power in July 2017 — there isn't yet a lot of empirical data about how well they actually perform. But solar developers have been wary that the shadows cast by wind turbines could potentially stunt the production of solar power.
Research, however, is allaying some of those fears. Simulations conducted in 2013 by the Reiner Lemoine Institut and Solarpraxis AG, both in Germany, showed that shading losses would be as low as 1 to 2 percent on average. They also suggested that combining solar photovoltaics and wind turbines at the same location can actually yield up to twice the amount of electricity as having either system working alone in the same land area. The Gullen Range project, for its part, avoids shading losses altogether by locating the photovoltaics on a northern facing slope beyond the range of any turbines' shadows.
Virtual Hybrids
In Texas, the Defense Logistics Agency of the U.S. Department of Defense is getting around any potential downsides of co-locating the two technologies another way — by taking a more “virtual” approach to hybrid wind and solar. The agency is working with developer Apex Clean Energy to meet 100 percent of Fort Hood's electricity needs with onsite solar PV panels that are complemented by additional energy wired in from a wind farm in Floyd County, more than 300 miles northwest of the facility.
Apex put the solar onsite because the Army wanted the grid security provided by local generation that isn't vulnerable to power outages and other transmission constraints, Apex director of public affairs Dahvi Wilson explains. But Apex and the Army chose to site the turbines where the wind resource was the strongest. The setup illustrates the point that “[a] hybrid project does not necessary have to be co-located,” Wilson says.
Wilson is enthusiastic about how the projects helps make these renewables make sense from an economic as well as environmental standpoint.
“Wind energy offers the cheapest option for new energy construction currently available in the U.S., while solar energy can be more expensive to develop and install,” Wilson explains. “By combining the costs into one product, the blended cost is competitive with other new sources of energy.”
On this day 64 years ago—October 19, 1953—Ballantine Books first published Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury. Praised by science fiction fans and literary critics alike, the novel bridged the supposed chasm between genre writing and “serious” literature, winning awards from both the American Academy of Arts and Letters, as well as the World Science Fiction Society. Today, Fahrenheit 451 is considered not only a classic of science fiction, but of 20th-century American literature, period.
Bradbury's novel was inspired by their love for books, so what better way to celebrate its anniversary than by sharing the books that they themselves cherished? The five titles below are works that Bradbury not only praised, but lived with in various ways. They, and the stories around them, are cribbed from Sam Weller's Listen to the Echoes: The Ray Bradbury Interviews.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, The Gods of Mars (1918)
Article continues after advertisement
When Bradbury began writing at the precocious age of 12, it was to pen a sequel to this novel about an Earthling's journey to be reunited with their Martian wife. “I was busy imitating all my favorite writers,” as they put it.
In fact, Bradbury's esteem for Burroughs extends far beyond childhood imitation. In a 1976 interview with The Paris Review that was never published (except in Listen to the Echoes), Bradbury said, “Burroughs is probably the most influential writer in the entire history of the world.” They defended this admittedly provocative view by explaining how Burroughs, who not only invented The Gods of Mars' John Carter but Tarzan as well, inspired an entire generation. “I've talked to more biochemists and more astronomers and technologists in various fields, who, when they were ten years old, fell in love with John Carter and Tarzan and decided to become something romantic,” they said. “Burroughs put us on the moon.”
Leigh Brackett, Lorelei of the Red Mist: Planetary Romances (2007)
If Bradbury's praise of Burroughs is over the top, then their regard for Brackett is over the moon. They described their early tales from Planet Stories magazine (many of which are included in this collection) as “Edgar Rice Burroughs par excellence”—except “she could write better.”
Article continues after advertisement
Best known as the screenwriter behind The Big Sleep, Rio Bravo, The Long Goodbye and The Empire Strikes Back, Brackett was also Bradbury's mentor. The two met in 1938 through the Los Angeles Science Fiction Society (which also included Robert A. Heinlein), then got together every Sunday at Muscle Beach in Venice, where “she read my bad stories and I read their good ones,” as Bradbury put it. Self-deprecation aside, Bradbury and Brackett actually worked very closely together—as is evident from this collection's title story, which they co-authored in 1946.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath (1939)
When Bradbury says that Steinbeck became “part of my life and my soul” after reading The Grapes of Wrath at 19, it's tempting to write them off as overly sentimental. But astute readers of The Martian Chronicles may pick up on the very real connections between these ostensibly very different writers. As Bradbury explained: “In The Grapes of Wrath, every other chapter is a description, a metaphor, prose poetry, it's not plot. … I subconsciously borrowed that structure from Steinbeck when I wrote The Martian Chronicles.”
Unfortunately the two authors' first meeting was not as fitting. While staying in Mexico City in 1945, Bradbury ran into Steinbeck, who was there making the film adaptation of their novella The Pearl. Drunk at breakfast, Steinbeck accused Bradbury's host of trying to blackmail them with scandalous photographs of their girlfriend—all while the host was simply on assignment for National Geographic.
Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea (1952)
When Hemingway's novella was first being published in Life magazine, Bradbury and two friends went down to the printing plant to get copies at midnight. “We carried them off to a bar that was still open,” they recounted, “and we sat and read The Old Man and the Sea, and we talked about Papa and how much we loved him.”
That same night, one of Bradbury's friends shared their experience of visiting a bar in Havana that Hemingway frequented. They didn't meet the famous author, but they were told by a bartender that the resident parrot had once belonged to Hemingway. The anecdote became the basis of Bradbury's 1972 short story “The Parrot Who Met Papa”—one of two stories they wrote about Hemingway. The other was 1965's “The Kilimanjaro Device,” in which the narrator attempts to prevent Hemingway from committing suicide.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick (1851)
Arguably, Bradbury found their way to this “Great American Novel” backwards. A lifelong cinephile in general and fan of John Huston in particular (“I saw The Maltese Falcon 14, 15 times, and The Treasure of the Sierra Madre scores of times” Bradbury told The Paris Review), the author gave the director copies of their short story collections when they met in 1951. According to Bradbury, Huston “sensed the ghost of Melville” when reading “The Fog Horn,” their short story about a sea monster who mistakes a lighthouse for a mate, and offered them a job writing the screenplay for the 1956 film adaptation of Moby-Dick.
Bradbury's response? “Gee, Mr. Huston, I've never been able to read the damn thing.”
With one night to read enough of Moby-Dick to decide whether or not they could adapt it for the screen at the request of Huston, their “hero” (Bradbury's phrase), the author plunged in. “I dove into the middle of it instead of starting at the beginning,” they told The Paris Review. “I came across a lot of beautiful poetry of the whiteness of the whale and the colors of nightmares and the great spirit's spout. … I turned back to the start: ‘Call me Ishmael,' and I was in love!”
Bradbury, of course, chose to go ahead with writing the screenplay—and they even wrote a book about it: 1992's Green Shadows, White Whale. After all, the voracity of Bradbury's reading could only be matched by the riot of their writing.
__________________________________
Feature image: cover from 1970s edition of The Gods of Mars.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A new kind of tech bubble
We've heard a lot lately about the bursting of the tech bubble, but scientists at Bristol University believe their bubble technology could have a profitable future.
Their system for producing bubbles onto which images can be projected and which release a scent when burst will be unveiled at a major conference on human-computer interfaces this weekend.
The video demonstration of what is described as a "chrono-sensory mid-air display system" shows how bubbles of varying sizes can be created, then tracked so that images can be projected on them.
The man leading the project is Professor Sriram Subramanian from the computer science department at Bristol, for whom I have one nagging question - what on earth have bubbles got to do with human-computer interfaces?
They explain that their team's primary interest is in different kinds of display surfaces for information. "We are interested in creating new and exciting experiences for people. Think about your laptop or phone - you can't put your finger through the screen." Whereas their bubbles deliver short-term messages which disappear when popped but leave behind a longer term scent.
The technology has already attracted interest from shopping malls. The professor imagines a future where a bakery chain releases bubbles containing the scent of sausage rolls to entice people into their stores - although it sounds to me as though that could turn into an olfactory nightmare, with different scents competing for shoppers' attention.
Another idea involves an educational use. "There's an iPhone game which involves bursting bubbles to learn maths - we could project numbers onto different bubbles, so the children would have to burst the right bubble."
They also sketch out ideas for what they call an ambient notification system - for instance, a bubble that would float around your office every now and then with a number showing how many unread emails are in your inbox. "You could go even further. If we encode each category of email with a different scent, the smell would tell you vaguely how many emails you had from family as opposed to work-related ones."
The SensaBubble, as it has been named, will be unveiled in Toronto at CHI2014, a conference of scientists working on new interfaces between computers and humans. The conference's preview video gives some idea of the breadth of new ideas emerging, as researchers look beyond the traditional model of keyboard, screen and mouse. And you can see more of the Bristol team's work in this area on their YouTube channel.
Professor Subramanian describes how a visit to a Disney theme park involves a lot of interaction with technology but "you almost never notice the technology, it's such a fun experience". This is the new frontier for computer science - making our interactions with machines such fun that the technology just disappears.
Julia Trigg Crawford of Direct, Texas, is the manager of a 650-acre farm that their grandfather first bought in 1948. The farm produces mostly corn, wheat, and soy. On its north border is the Red River; to the west is the Bois d'Arc Creek.
TransCanada is an Alberta-based corporation that is building the controversial Keystone Pipeline that will carry bitumen—thicker, more corrosive and toxic than crude oil—through 36-inch diameter pipes from the Alberta tar sands to refineries on the Gulf Coast, mostly to be exported. The $2.3 billion southern segment, about 485 miles from Cushing, Oklahoma, to the Gulf Coast is nearly complete. With the exception of a 300-mile extension between Cushing and Steele City, Nebraska, the rest of the $7 billion, 1,959 mile pipelines is being held up until President Obama either succumbs to corporate and business pressures or blocks the construction because of environmental and health concerns.
When TransCanada first approached Crawford's father in 2008, and offered to pay about $7,000 for easement rights, they refused, telling the company, "We don't want you here." They said the corporation could reroute the line, just as other pipeline companies in oil-rich Texas had done for decades. TransCanada increased the offer in the following years, but the family still refused. In August 2012, with Dick Crawford's daughter, Julia Trigg Crawford, now managing the farm, TransCanada offered $21,626 for an easement—and a threat. "We were given three days to accept their offer," they say, "and if we didn't, they would condemn the land and seize it anyway." They still refused.
And so, TransCanada, a foreign corporation exercised the right of eminent domain to seize two acres of the farm so it could build a pipeline.
Governments may seize private property if that property must be taken for public use and the owner is given fair compensation. Although the exercise of eminent domain to seize land for the public good is commonly believed to be restricted to the government, federal law permits natural gas companies to use it. To get that "right," all TransCanada had to do was fill out a one-page form and check a box for the corporation to declare itself to be a "common carrier." The Railroad Commission, which regulates oil and gas in Texas, merely processes the paper, rather than investigates the claim; it has admitted it has never denied "common carrier" status. In the contorted logic that is often spun by corporations, TransCanada then declared itself to be a common carrier because the Railroad Commission said it was, even though the Commission's jurisdiction applies only to intrastate, not interstate, carriers.
On August 21, 2012, the day before Judge Bill Harris of Lamar County rendered their decision on Crawford's complaint, the sheriff, with the judge's signature, issued a writ of possession giving TransCanada the right to seize the land. The next day, Harris issued a 15-word decision, transmitted by their iPhone, that upheld TransCanada's rights. In Texas, as in most states, the landowner can only challenge the settlement not the action.
Crawford's refusal to sell is based upon a mixture of reasons. The Crawford Farm is home to one of the most recognized Caddo Nation Indian burial sites in Texas, and the 30 acre pasture that TransCanada wants to trench represents the southern most boundary of this archeological site. Both the Texas Historical Commission and TransCanada's archeological firm concur that the vast majority of these 30 acres pasture in question qualifies for the National Registry of Historic Places. An archeological dig undertaken after TransCanada showed up to seize the land recovered 145 artifacts in just a 1,200 foot by 20 foot section that was all of three feet deep. However, the executive director of the Texas Historical Commission recently sent a letter stating that no new artifacts had been found in the slice of land TransCanada planned to build.
Another reason Crawford refused to be bought out was that they didn't want TransCanada to drill under the Bois d'Arc Creek, "where we have state-given water rights." That creek irrigates about 400 acres of their land. "Any leak," they say, "would contaminate our equipment and then our crops in minutes." It isn't unreasonable to expect there will be an incident that could pollute the water, air and soil for several miles.
During the past decade, there were 6,367 pipeline incidents, resulting in 154 deaths, 540 injuries and $4.7 billion in property damage, according to the federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. A report released a year ago by Cornell University's Global Labor Institute concludes that economic damage caused by potential spills from the Keystone pipeline could outweigh the benefits of jobs created by the project. In the past three years, there have already been 14 spills on the operational parts of the Keystone Pipeline.
Crawford and their attorney, Wendi Hammond, have challenged TransCanada's right to seize public property, arguing not only is TransCanada, which had net earnings of $1.3 billion last year, a foreign corporation, but it also doesn't qualify as a "common carrier" since the benefit is primarily to itself. However, the Texas Court of Appeals may not rule until after the pipeline is laid down and covered. And even if it does rule for Crawford, TransCanada is likely to appeal. "They have far more lawyers and funds than we have," says Crawford, who held a music festival last month to help raise funds. Additional donations have come from around the world, many from those who aren't immediately affected by oil and gas exploration, transportation and processing, but who understand the need to fight a battle that could, at some time, affect them.
"The company basically goes to court, files condemnation petitions, says, 'We are a common carrier, have the power of eminent domain, we are taking this property.' And that's all there is to it," says Debra Medina, of WeTexans, a grassroots organization opposed to the seizure of private land by private companies.
At least 89 Texas landowners have had their properties condemned and then seized by TransCanada. Eleanor Fairchild, a 78-year-old great-grandmother living on a 300-acre farm near Winnsboro, Texas, also protested the seizure of their land. They and their husband, a retired oil company geologist now deceased, bought the land in 1983. TransCanada planned to bisected their farm, which includes wetlands, natural springs, and woods.
In October, Fairchild and activist/actor Darryl Hannah raised their arms and stood before bulldozers and heavy equipment that were about to dig up the farm. Both women were arrested and charged with criminal trespass. Hannah was also charged with resisting arrest.
TransCanada isn't the only oil and gas company that uses and bends eminent domain laws.
Chuck Paul, who lost about 30 of their 64 acre horse farm because of required easements by the natural gas industry, told the Fort Worth Weekly, "The gas companies pays a one-time fee for your land, but you lose the right to utilize it as anything more than grassland forever...You can never build on those easements. They took my retirement away by eminent domain."
In Arlington, Texas, Ranjana Bhandari and their husband, Kaushik De, refused to grant Chesapeake Energy the right to take gas beneath their home, although Chesapeake promised several thousand dollars in payments. "We decided not to sign because we didn't think it was safe, but the Railroad Commission doesn't seem to care about whose property is taken," Bhandari told Reuters. Chesapeake seized the mineral rights and will capture natural gas beneath the family's homes. Between January 2005 and October 2012, the Railroad Commission approved all but five of Chesapeake's 1,628 requests to seize mineral rights, according to the Reuters investigation.
The Texas Supreme Court, in Texas Rice Land Partners and Mike Latta v. Denbury Green Pipeline-Texas (2012), had previously ruled, "Even when the Legislature grants certain private entities 'the right and power of eminent domain,' the overarching constitutional rule controls: no taking of property for private use." In that same opinion, the Court also ruled, "A private enterprise cannot acquire unchallenged-able condemnation power...merely by checking boxes on a one-page form and self-declaring its common-carrier status." However, Texas has no public agency to set standards for seizing property by eminent domain.
Texas isn't the only state that has a broad eminent domain policy that allows Big Energy to seize private property.
Most states' new laws that "regulate" fracking were written by conservatives who traditionally object to "Big Government" and say they are the defenders of individual property rights. But, these laws allow oil and gas corporations to use the power of eminent domain to seize private property if the corporations can't get the landowner to agree to an easement, lease or sale. In Pennsylvania, Act 13 allows the natural gas industry to "appropriate an interest in real property [for] injection, storage and removal" of natural gas.
Sandra McDaniel, of Clearville, Pennsylvania, was forced to lease five of their 154 acres to Spectra Energy Corp., which planned to build a drilling pad. The government, says McDaniel, "took it away, and they have destroyed it." According to Reuters, "McDaniel watched from the perimeter of the installation as three pipes spewed metallic gray water into plastic-lined pits, one of which was partially covered in a gray crust. As a sulfurous smell wafted from the rig, two tanker trucks marked 'residual waste' drove from the site."
In Tyrone Township, Michigan, Debora Hense returned from work in August 2012 to find that Enbridge workers had created a 200 yard path on their property and destroyed 80 trees in order to run a pipeline. Because of an easement created in 1968 next to Hense's property, Joe Martucci of Enbridge Energy Partners said their company had a legal right to "to use property adjacent to the pipeline." Martucci says their company offered Hense $40,000 prior to tearing up their land, but they refused. Hense says they had a legal document to prevent Enbridge from destroying their property; Enbridge says it had permission from the Michigan Public Service Commission.
This week, heavy machinery rolled onto Julia Trigg Crawford's farm. Crossing an easement and into a barbed wire enclosure that separates the land TransCanada seized from the rest of the farm, the bulldozers and graders are peeling away the topsoil of a 1,200 foot strip. Hundreds of wooden ties, now stacked like matchsticks a story high, brought by 18-wheelers crossing the agricultural land that Crawford and their family work, will be placed as tracks for more equipment.
On the farm is an old and creaky windmill, ravaged by time and a few shotgun shells. "But it's still standing there," says Crawford, who may be a bit like that windmill. She's a 6-foot tall former star basketball player for Texas A&M who is now standing tall and proud in a fight they say "began as a fight for my family," but has now become one "for the people, for the landowners who wanted to stand up and fight for their rights but didn't think they could."
Share:
Emanuel Sarfraz
KARACHI
Fashion Pakistan, the leading platform for Pakistani fashion designers, the four-day Telenor Fashion Pakistan Week 2015 began the other day at the Pearl Continental Hotel attracting international and national media as well as representatives of big fashion houses, buyers and the fashion forward people of Karachi.
Fashion Pakistan prides itself in being the only council in Pakistan that produces two seasonal fashion weeks every year. After the groundbreaking success of the last fashion week, this time around, the council has come up with a bigger and an even better fashion event. The Council's major objective is to give designers a chance to display their various collections on a national forum, whilst achieving international acclaim.
Fashion Pakistan is a part of the Council of International Fashion Designers, which was created with a vision for co-operation to promote and support Pakistani fashion in the global marketplace. Fashion Pakistan represents a major segment of the design fraternity working together to encourage, promote and facilitate the development and growth of the fashion industry and make it competitive in international markets by building on relationships with buyers both overseas and domestic, establishing and strengthening ties with foreign designers.
The ambience of the fashion week can be compared with any international events that are held in fashion capitals of the world. The lighting especially was remarkable as it had various along the ramp that showed all the creations in different tones from light to bright blare. The music selection to go with the catwalk was like always something for everyone to enjoy. But it was all the business of fashion and there was no nonsense or drama in it. The smiling and the typical international standard fixed gaze modeling could be witnessed. But then all that goes on the ramp the credit goes to the choreographer extraordinaire Hassan Shehryar Yasin lovingly called Sheru, who could be seen waving and directing the models while swaying to the musical tunes. Over the years their choreography has excelled.
The first day of TFPW began with Nida Azwer showcasing their line “The French Trellis Collection”. The collection is inspired by the French architecture, with subtle hues with hints of pink and intricate embellishments which is an ode to spring. For this collection the brand has played with digital prints, digital embroidery, hand embroideries, laser cut, pleating, 3 D textures and embossing. Bank Alfalah Rising Talent followed suit, comprising of collections by four dynamic young designers, Hasan Riaz, Momal Zia, Rimsha Shakir and Shehza Azhar. The bank will provide an amount of half a million rupees to the designer considered the best by the Council. Lala Textiles brought forth their exquisite collection for the season, which was a sheer delight. The collection screamed allure and regality. The talent powerhouse Sania Maskatiya came up with a gorgeous collection, which was a tribute to the unsung heroes of design, focusing on details with a vibrant color palette the collection, is an exciting mix of ideas that make it possible to create and craft garments. The collection uses deluxe silks to utilitarian denims as alternative canvases on which flash images from a karrigar's workshop glide by. FNKASIA never fails to tickle the fancy of viewers, bringing the Freedom Collection, which was a striking sonnet in the design world, with elegant and graceful designs. Madiha Raza, showcased their fine collection called “The Spring Myth” which was a beautiful amalgamation of everything floral. Sadaf Malaterre closed the show with their upbeat, stunning collection. Speaking at the end of the show, CEO Fashion Pakistan Wardha Saleem said, “The first day of TFPW started and closed with a bang, it was delightful to see all the hardwork of the designers finally get translated into something vivid and real on the ramp, looking forward to the same energy and buzz for the coming days. ” FP Chairperson Sanam Chaudhri added, “It was a dynamic array of designs and everything beautiful, the first day of TFPW was extremely well put-together and I am looking forward to the second day , where I would be showcasing my collection called Zingara.”
As we digest the very strange French Presidential election (which ended with huge abstentions and, I believe, a record number of spoiled ballots) I thought it might be a good moment to reflect once again on the strange and in my view failed experiment in universal suffrage democracy which has troubled the free and unfree worlds for about a century.
In the free world this has sometimes destroyed freedom. In Weimar Germany a democratically-agreed constitution, employed by a democratically-elected President supervising a democratically-elected Parliament, was used to snuff out liberty in a matter of months. I suspect there are other instances of this, such as the Italian Parliament's passage of the Acerbo Law in November 1923, a law whose only and obvious purpose was to ensure a Fascist majority in the elections which followed soon afterwards.
Of course in the unfree world the difficulties of universal suffrage are made very much simpler by making sure that only one party stands, or that rival parties are bound to lose. In the free world, other ways have to be found to frustrate the popular will - elaborate lies, fiddled statistics, unfair media, advertising, unfair funding, you name it. Even where these things operate, the fact that the result cannot be wholly fixed, and that there are at least two adversarial parties, creates a pocket of liberty in which many good things survive. But that, of course, was the case before we ever had universal suffrage (which only really arrived here in 1950 after the abolition in 1948 of the old University seats).
I've discussed this liberty versus democracy problem before, prompted in my mind long ago by a nagging doubt which grew in my mind as I pondered the seeming anomaly of Hong Kong
http://hitchensblog.mailonsunday.co.uk/2007/06/is_democracy_th.html
Note my remarks on the Muslim Brotherhood, rather prophetic for 2007, though I would now (in the light of later research) revise some of my thoughts about Singapore and the Battle of Britain.
I then found that the history of free countries was by no means a story of perfect congruence between universal suffrage and liberty. As usual, what I had stumbled on was not new at all, but an old debate, largely forgotten.
http://hitchensblog.mailonsunday.co.uk/2012/06/what-is-so-good-about-democracy-whats-wrong-with-libertarianism-and-who-has-the-right-to-review-what.html
Yesterday(Sunday 7th May) I came across another aspect of this anomaly, in an old programme broadcast on BBC Radio 4's ‘Pick of the Week' and drawn to my attention by an later reader:
At seven minutes into this http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b08p5kym#play you will find the late Alistair Cooke explaining how the USA comes to have an electoral college, which takes the formal decision on who becomes President.
They note of the constitutional convention which came up with it 'Of all the forms of government they were considering,[in the spring of 1787] democracy was the one they most wanted to avoid'. 'George Washington said : "Accounted by civil societies it [democracy]is the worst and nastiest kind of government"'.
James Madison and Alexander Hamilton devised the original Electoral College (of independent and incorruptible , thus wealthy men of virtue and merit) as a precaution against ‘the worst of democracy's threats, tyranny and majority rule'. Thus was founded the nation now regarded as the world's greatest democracy.
A few years ago, during a BBC Question Time programme, I encountered alarm and scorn among fellow guests, when I mischievously suggested that total democracy might not be a good thing, and said I was pleased that there were restraints on it in our constitution.
These days, now that the Left have been badly bruised by universal suffrage in the EU referendum and the Donald Trump election, I find that I have more sympathy on this subject than I want or need, from people who would once have regarded my opinion as ‘fascist'. ( I should point out here that the USA's electoral college did *not* play the active restraining role envisaged by Madison and Hamilton in this choice. It just passively let arithmetic do the job. Likewise, the English courts offered the shadow of Parliamentary supremacy, not its substance, when judging Parliament's duties after the EU referendum. Who now dares defy the gods of democracy?).
You might think Emmanuel Macron's victory (not really a surprise) over Marine le Pen puts an end to all this left-wing moaning about the people's will being pretty awful. But I don't think it does. Five years hence we will see the whole thing again, and then what?
France's story is far from over. I cannot see how Emmanuel Macron's Presidency can be anything other than a failure. They come from exactly the same elite school as all the other recent failures, they are in fact a strong supporter of France's EU-loving metropolitan left, which has made such a mess of things for the past 20 years or so, and they largely owe their position to the uncritical support of France's elite left-wing media, which applauded them into office and savaged their only mainstream conservative rival, Francois Fillon.
Fillon, interestingly, was not part of the French elite of ‘Enarques', graduates of the Ecole Nationale d'Administration, France's closest equivalent (though a much more tightly-knit group) to studying Philosophy, Politics and Economics (PPE) at Oxford. A few years at the ENA is generally the precondition for high office for Left and Right alike. Fillon, an unashamed Christian and also a supporter of a rapprochement with Russia, was not supposed to win the Republican primary against Alain Juppe ( an Enarque) . I am fairly sure that this was why Fillon was destroyed by scandals of the sort which are overlooked in most French politicians. Had the more conventional Juppe been selected by the Republican Party, , I also wonder if Emmanuel Macron would have gained the approbation of the French media.
Macron, though they have been a Minister (for economy and finance) in a Socialist government and worked very closely (as deputy secretary general of the Elysee Palace staff) with the outgoing Socialist president Francois Hollande, is officially non-party. Now what will they do? They have no party in the National Assembly, so they will need to pay their debts to the Socialists and others whose support they must have to run any kind of government. This does not seem to give them very much freedom of movement, even if they have any serious plans to change anything fundamental.
Ms le Pen has meanwhile seized , probably permanently, a large chunk of the old Communist and Socialist vote, and allied it to rural conservatism. If they were not burdened with the squalid associations of the French right, they would have got much further. I should say here that this is a genuine problem. French anti-Jacobin conservatism, tested during the Hitler era, mostly failed that test. It was already tainted by its Judophobia and injustice during the Dreyfus affair, when a Jewish army officer was wrongly convicted of espionage for Germany, and the French right sided with the injustice because of its strong Judophobic tendencies. But its support for Petain was far, far worse than mere stupidity and injustice. The Vichy state's enthusiastic adoption of anti-Jewish measures (more than the Nazis asked for) remains the irremovable stain on that part of the French Right.
Marine le Pen was born into that part of the French Right, and so was their party. The years cannot wipe away the problem. Them father's crass opinions are well-known. They have, reasonably, denounced them and distanced themselves from him. But I cannot see how they can ever escape from that ancestry, though they are obviously trying very hard to do so, denouncing their own father and distancing themselves from the Front National in the final stages of the poll.
Assume this is sincere, as it is only fair to do, and you are still left with a movement stuffed with apologists for Vichy, or people who at best want to avoid the subject of the Jewish roundups or claim they were not really the actions of a true French state. Countries that have been occupied by Nazis are countries in which patriotic conservatism is all too often tainted by the war years (see also Belgium, especially Flanders)
And yet it is that movement which has now won a near-monopoly of French discontent with the failures of the 5th Republic, the evaporating jobs, the mass unemployment among the young, the stifling bureaucracy and regulation, the petty crime, the stagnant economy, the increasing submission to an almighty Germany, and to an almighty USA, the uncontrolled immigration and the unassimilated Muslim minority.
Unless Emmanuel Macron really does have some brilliant plan for coping with all these difficulties, Ms le Pen (or someone like her), and the Front National (or something like it) will be waiting for them five years hence, bigger, more discontented, more experienced. Its day may well come.
And here's the problem. Under universal suffrage democracy, there has been a collusion between leaders and voters for a long time. We, the voters, have pretended to believe that our chosen party will liberate us from our woes, make genuine and profound changes for the better in our lives. They have pretended to do so. In truth, for many years, they have not fulfilled their promises, and we have not really expected them to do so. But in the long calm prosperity that endured from 1950 till about 2000 it didn't matter very much.
Now it does. That prosperity is evaporating. How will we afford homes? Where are the secure jobs? Will our children end up as coolies, toiling in sweatshops for pittances like their Chinese coevals? Will anyone be able to afford to retire? Can the welfare state, which we have grown used to, survive? Will we be replaced by robots, or by a new immigrant from the Middle East? Will the annual holidays we have taken for granted still be affordable? And what about these wars of choice our leaders keep starting? Nothing, large or small, looks secure. And so the ‘we'll pretend to believe your promises' arrangement is breaking down.
Worse, what I have long regarded as the idolatrous false religion of politics, under which governments took over from God as the object of petitions and the main source of bounty, is actually collapsing. It is morally unsustainable. The voters, repeatedly deceived by false election pledges and having had their hopes repeatedly raised and dashed, now assume not only that they are being lied to but that their leaders are mostly in it for the money.
They see the enormous fortunes amassed by the Clintons and by Anthony Blair since they left office, they see that Barack Obama, for a single speech to a Wall Street concern, can be paid as much as they earned in a year as President of the USA, and they feel a righteous disgust.
When Harry Truman left the White House in 1953, they had nothing to live on but their old U.S. Army pension of $112-56 a month, earned during their World War One service. Had it not been for some property inherited from their mother, and a book deal modest by today's standards, they would have had to seek welfare payments to survive. It was only after this that an official US presidential pension ( now about $200,000 a year) was introduced. Most British premiers likewise went off into modest retirement. Not any longer. (I make a strong exception here for Gordon Brown, who, as far as I know, passes their speaking fees to charitable bodies) .
I think the contract between rulers and electors which has sustained universal suffrage democracy for the last century or so is breaking down. It was fundamentally cynical. At its highest level it involved people agreeing to be bribed with their own money, and of course with the money of others too. Now that money has run out, the bribes are dwindling and the promises have to be vaguer and more poorly costed, or they just have to be broken(like the absurd Tory pledge on limiting immigration, a zombie of a promise, which still grimly walks the earth long after it ought to have been buried six feet under).
It ends with the election of Donal Trump in the USA, an election which can't and won't deliver what it promised. What then? How will the illusion of choice be preserved at the next US presidential election? Likewise the presentation of leaving the EU as a simple, swift act, which somehow took hold during the referendum. And now, the growing shadows around the French Fifth Republic, which surely cannot survive in this form much longer?
Perhaps we will end up with the German system, where they have elections but the same group of people always end up in office with the same policies, and nobody can be in the government until they or they have already been in the government. But would anyone but the Germans, once described by John le Carre as having quite a bit of democracy but not many democrats, put up with this? Or perhaps we will wonder afresh why we ignored the wisdom of the ages, and took this strange route in the first place.
A report by “Info Resistance” group, concerning the situation in East Ukraine on May 10th.
Concerning the progress of ATO
Yesterday events in Mariupol revealed that actions of structure forces finally became adequate.
The heads of divisions of force structures participating in ATO demonstrate abilities to quickly react and give orders which correspond to the tactical situation.
Soldiers managed to cross the psychological barrier of using weapons, which used to arise in direct confrontations with the terrorists. (Taking into account the interests of force structures, we did not mention this problem previously, although, during ATO, it was one of the more serious ones.)
The effectiveness of the National Guard and the Internal army (especially its special-tasks squads) must be stressed. Today, it's the only unit that does not raise any questions about its activities.
The effectiveness of volunteer units is also impressive (we mean the defence battalion “Dniepr” which was formed by volunteers from Dnepropetrovsk region and came to Mariupol on May 8th). High fighting spirit of volunteers was obvious. It is also worth noting that the actions of their commanders were very professional, as they managed to quickly orientate and organize a coordination between units.
The weak link in the chain of defence against terorrists is still the law and order structures. There, the scale of sabotage and betrayal is global. This is one of the most pressing problems and for now there are no obvious solutions to it.
The situation on the border between Ukraine and Russia remains very tense. To effectively resist the entry of Russian sabotage groups and weapons to Ukrainian territory, Ukrainian border guard lacks additional human power, means and aid from other force structures. From this perspective, particularly bad situation is in the regions of Lugansk and Donetsk.
Concerning the capacities of terrorists
For at least two weeks, in terrorists units in the East, we observed mass replacement of soldiers from GRU special forces squads with mercenaries from Russia. First of all, its reserve soldiers, most of whom have served in special forces units and have experience of fighting (e.g. in the Caucasus).
Recruitment of such quite professional mercenaries is carried out by the government of Russia in the whole country. According to our information, during the last three weeks, even in Khabarovsk, military recruitment centers recalled experienced reserve soldiers (who served in squads of special forces) and offered them good wages for coming to Ukraine and participating in terrorist activities. This is especially prominent in the Southern federal region of Russian Federation.
At the same time, weapons are conveyed from Russia to terrorist groups in Donbas, in a large scale.
It is also dangerous that in the background of destabilization, enterprises in Donbas are halting and unemployment is on the rise. Many local residents find the wage (100 USD per day) for participation in terrorist actions completely acceptable.
Effective Russian propaganda (exaggeration of the mythical danger of the Right Sector, spreading of stereotypes about Ukraine as a fascist country full of banderovtsy, stories about illegitimacy of the current Ukrainian government, dishonoring of Ukrainian force structures and ATO as if they were “blood-thirsty suppressors of the people's revolt”, etc.) is also an important factor in the destabilization of situation in the region. The growth of effectivity of false Russian propaganda was observed after the tragic events of May 2nd in Odessa.
As has already been mentioned, the general analysis of the situation (first of all, in Donetsk) has shown that there still remain many questions concerning local police. Sadly, its members are often saboteurs and traitors living on the goods of the nation which they betray.
These “guardians of law and order” are a serious resource for extremist forces. Further service of these traitors in the Ministry of Internal Affairs is a grave danger for the national interests. In the case of their mass dismissal, we predict them joining terrorist groups where they will continue their anti-Ukrainian actions. The only difference being the money from Moscow.
Everything was going as planned at President Barack Obama's Thursday evening town hall on gun control when the unexpected occurred. A woman, a mother, a victim of sexual assault in college, someone who according to the overly simplistic center-left perspective should be sympathetic both to Democrats and stricter gun laws, stood up and defended firearm ownership. It was a moment that demonstrated the fragility of narratives and stereotyping. It exposed just how rapidly worldviews predicated on a naïve and one-dimensional typecasting – a trap into which political demographers easily fall – can collapse. As it turns out, it was the beginning of a very bad 24-hour period for the consecrated and unfalsifiable belief structures preferred by the left.
Just as anyone with nothing to hide would do, the State Department released another batch of emails from Hillary Clinton's private and poorly secured state department just before two a.m. on Friday. Included in that tranche were a variety of emails with classified or sensitive information included in the body, raising the number of such emails Clinton said never existed to well over 1,000. Exposing Clinton's claim that “there is no classified material” in their private “homebrew” email server is no longer shocking. What was remarkable in this particular batch of emails was one communication from Clinton in which they informed their aide, Jake Sullivan, to disregard sending sensitive information via “secure fax.” Instead, they requested that a document in question be turned “into nonpaper w no identifying heading and send nonsecure.”
The content of the document that was supposed to be sent securely but was instead stripped of the markings that would identify it as sensitive and sent via non-secure transmissions remains unknown, and the State Department is dragging its feet. This revelation is, however, nothing short of a bombshell. The notion that Clinton's email scandal has amounted to nothing, a dubious assertion of faith that the left nevertheless comforted itself with, is under siege.
This wasn't the only comforting daydream from which liberals were rudely awakened on Friday. Two Middle Eastern men who had been vetted, processed, and resettled into the United States as refugees, were arrested late Thursday on terrorism-related charges. The two were Palestinians who were born in Iraq and were transferred to the United States as asylum-seekers. One man, a 24-year-old Houston-based refugee, was arrested for seeking to provide material support to the Islamic State. The other, a 23-year-old Sacramento resident, was charged with making false statements involving international terrorism.
These revelations have not shaken adherents to the faith. When pressed about this development and how it might impact the White House's plan to hike the number of refugees the United States takes in on an annual basis, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest declined to comment. They did, however, recite a rote tenet of the catechism when they contended that declining to resettle refugees in America “doesn't represent who we are as a country.”
Unfortunately, this was not the only incident on Friday related to ISIS-inspired radical terrorism or jihadist attacks inside the United States. Late Thursday night, a Philadelphia police officer was attacked by a gunman and shot three times. On Friday, the city's police revealed that the attack had been carried out by a radical Islamist extremist who had pledged allegiance to ISIS. The suspect in custody contended that they performed this act of attempted murder “in the name of Islam,” but what do they know? After all, Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney, speaking for the alleged assailant, insisted that the act had nothing to do with “being a Muslim or the Islamic faith.”
As for the president's crusade against firearms, the ISIS-inspired terrorist event in Philadelphia cannot be used to launch another town hall or justify a new set of executive orders. The gun that was used to shoot Officer Jessie Hartnett three times was stolen from a police officer's home in 2013. “This is absolutely one of the scariest things I've ever seen,” said Commissioner Richard Ross at a news conference. “This guy tried to execute the police officer. The police officer had no idea they were coming.” That sounds terrorizing; just don't hold your breath while waiting for the president to host a tearful discussion about how to combat the scourge of self-radicalized Islamic terrorists.
For the faithful, it was not a good day. The left's preferred narratives about voters, about gun violence, about radical Islam, and about Hillary Clinton's culpability in potentially indictable offenses were all shaken to their very foundations. But that's the thing about faith: it's remarkably resilient. They probably didn't even notice.
It may be the latest to swarm the field, but the new movie "World War Z" is symptomatic of a larger zombie viral infection. One, say experts of the lore, that bespeaks discomfort with overconsumption and a mass-produced way of life.
We're in the middle of an outbreak — of zombie lit, zombie walks, zombie apocalypse survival guides.
While the vampires of "True Blood," and "Twilight" represent celebrity culture — "the person on a pedestal" and exaltation of self — zombies signify "the everyman, the person who slogs into work everyday and slogs home," says Linda Watanabe McFerrin, Oakland, Calif.-based author of "Dead Love" (Stone Bridge Press, 2010), a zombie novel set in Asia.
From its possible West African origins in "zumbi" — a word for "fetish" — and "nzambi," meaning "god," to the popular AMC zombie drama "The Walking Dead," they say the zombie myth may carry different anxieties, but its essence remains the same: Fear of the loss of self to the collective.
Being stripped of one's creativity, adds Murali Balaji, assistant professor of media studies at Temple University and editor of forthcoming anthology "The Thinking Dead: What the Zombie Apocalypse Means" (Lexington Books, September).
This "white-collar anxiety," they say, means one thing: "We are the zombies we are afraid of." Overreliant on technology and fearing its collapse, we lose our minds without a cell phone.
"Zombies, because they are a collective monster, we can then project onto that all kinds of fears we might have," says John Ulrich, professor of English at Mansfield University in Mansfield, Pa.
They teach Max Brooks' 2006 novel "World War Z" as part of a class called "Monsters in Literature and Film." Composed of accounts from global survivors of a zombie war, Ulrich says it's a work of geopolitical significance. The modern concept of zombies, they say, also contains a certain universal dread about consuming the planet out of existence.
They say another book adapted for film this year, Isaac Marion's "Warm Bodies" — a romance told from a zombie's point of view — is about human relationships, "The way in which we might view ourselves as losing touch with one another," Ulrich says. "Losing, really, a sense of love."
There's been zombie additions to the "mash-up" lit genre, like 2009's "Pride and Prejuidce and Zombies." Video game franchise "Resident Evil," once adapted for film, is approaching two decades of sequels. On June 10, Microsoft announced the latest entry set to join the pantheon this Christmas: Xbox One's "Dead Rising 3." The Monster High series of children's dolls includes bespectacled zombie character "Ghoulia Yelps," azure girlfriend to the googly-eyed "Slow-Moe" Deadovitch.
Ready for an invasion
Having skulked over from the realm of film, zombies are far from confined to toys, books and games.
One government body, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, famously showed it was not immune to the invasion when it began using zombie apocalypse to teach disaster readiness. An entire section of the CDC's website is reserved for "zombie preparedness." It offers widgets with a message: "If you're ready for a zombie apocalypse, then you're ready for any emergency." There's also a CDC zombie graphic novel and zombie blog with "teachable moments" from "The Walking Dead."
However, the federal agency was prompted to issue an official refutation of zombie existence after several incidents that happened in curious succession last May. Perhaps the most memorable occurred in Florida on May 26, 2012, when a naked man tried to eat another man's face, an attack thought to be related to use of mind-altering bath salts, though no evidence of the substance was found.
The next day, in Hackensack, a man stabbed themselves and hurled their intestines at police officers. Outside Baltimore, another man killed their roommate, then said they made a meal of both their heart and part of their brain.
A similar story emerged from Canada after a man dubbed a "cannibal killer" murdered a college student with an ice pick, cut away the victim's flesh in video posted online and mailed away some of the body parts.
All of the flesh-lust amounted to too much of a coincidence for some, enough for "zombie apocalypse" to trend on Google and Twitter.
Embracing the likelihood that Brad Pitt probably won't be there to whisk you away should there actually be a zombie assault, there's always the "Zombie Will" (zombiewills.com ... $19.99 plus shipping).
Eric Gullotta, 37, an estate lawyer in California's Bay area, came up with the idea in thinking about how assets would be handled in the event of zombie takeover.
"Say 90 percent of the world's people are dead, how do you referee that?" they ask. (Gullotta concedes the document is a novelty and would not be legally binding.)
Stalk this way
And zombie walks — mass reenactments of the zombies we have seen on screen — aren't just for Halloween anymore, including the annual October New Jersey Zombie Walk, a healthy display of gore on the Asbury Park boardwalk.
Rowan University hosted a zombie run last month, while Run For Your Lives, a zombie-ridden 5K obstacle run, infested Medford in Burlington County last week. The attraction started in 2011, with 15,000 people — and a "blood" pit — in Maryland.
'World War Z' and the zombie apocalypse 12 Galleries: 'World War Z' and the zombie apocalypse
"I think I just stumbled into something, essentially," muses Bill Ward, vice president of marketing for the run.
Participants can sign up to be chased by zombies or enter the "transformation center" to become one, airbrushed and painted with crusted blood. Adding a little terror to your average mud run, each runner gets a series of flags. Cross the finish line with one and your heart's still beating. Flagless, and you've joined the wretched horde.
Following the seeming rash of zombie-esque incidents last spring, Suzanne Scelza witnessed a tangible spike in interest for Zombie Survival Course, a preparedness exercise they run near the Pine Barrens with their husband, Mark, an NRA-certified firearm instructor.
"We definitely had people that contacted us after those happened," says Scelza, 49.
Five years ago, the Scelzas organized what amounts to a real, armed class in self-defense aimed at slow-moving menaces, their instruction making use of handguns and rifles, but also knife-throwing and crossbows.
Participants sign up online, paying $179 for a day of zombie education, or $450 for a weekend immersion.
They aim at paper zombie targets and try their hand at the improvised martial art of "zombitsu" — handy should a flesh-hungry ghoul cross their path. As for the course's actual location, Scelza will only say it's a hunting facility near Whiting in Ocean County.
After Hurricane Sandy, they received calls from Zombie Survival alumni who said the tips about first aid, having a supplies bag and food in the house, helped them when phones weren't working and travel wasn't possible. The most valuable lesson, they say, was the basic notion of working together and getting along with neighbors.
Simple, but maybe not one to scoff at. When it comes to walking dead-related apocalypses, it's not zombies, but the survivors who need to check themselves, says Dave DeVries, 47, an illustrator from Budd Lake who "chain smokes" zombie novels on their Kindle.
"People who are basically bad won't have anything stopping them anymore," they say. DeVries' images of zombified mummies can be found in "The Mummy Returns" ride at Universal Studios.
As for a zombie massacre, "People are almost expecting it to happen," says DeVries, "and that's a really weird place to be."
The artist's work is also on display at an art exhibit called "zombie" at Last Rites Gallery in Manhattan, up through June 26.
"The zombie genre's not going to go away," they say. "Even if 'World War Z' tanks at the box office."
The Republican governor of Louisiana, who signed a bill which allowed intelligent design to be taught alongside evolution, is now calling on Republicans to “stop being the stupid party,” but because of the party's anti-science policies.
“We've got to make sure that we are not the party of big business, big banks, big Wall Street bailouts, big corporate loopholes, big anything,” Gov. Bobby Jindal told Politico in an interview published on Tuesday. “We cannot be, we must not be, the party that simply protects the rich so they get to keep their toys.”
Jindal also said that Republicans needed to “reject identity politics” and fight for the vote of every single American.
“That means the 47 percent and the 53 percent, that means any other combination of numbers going up to 100 percent,” they explained.
Jindal, who is the son of Indian immigrants and had a major in biology at Brown University, is slated to take over the Republican Governor's Association next week.
In 2008, Jindal signed the Louisiana Science Education Act, which critics say allows creationism to be taught in biology class. They also oppose abortion in all cases, supported for a constitutional ban on same-sex marriage and voted against expanding federal funding for stem cell research.
“It is no secret we had a number of Republicans damage our brand this year with offensive, bizarre comments — enough of that,” Jindal explained to Politico this week. “It's not going to be the last time anyone says something stupid within our party, but it can't be tolerated within our party. We've also had enough of this dumbed-down conservatism. We need to stop being simplistic, we need to trust the intelligence of the American people and we need to stop insulting the intelligence of the voters.”
Tony Parker says that they now expect to miss the next four to five months after undergoing knee surgery in early May.
In an interview with Argentina's LPG TV, Parker gave an update for their rehab process along with when they expect to be back on the court for the San Antonio Spurs.
“It's OK. It's OK. It's getting better and better. I'm starting to run a little bit. I'm walking pretty well,” said Parker earlier in the week. “I think it's still going to be a long process. It's still going to take like another four or five months but I am very happy with the progress.”
Parker tore their quadriceps tendon during the 2017 playoffs, which required season-ending surgery.
Considering Parker's estimate, it's not likely we see the four-time champion suit up for the Spurs' season opener on Oct. 18.
Liquid cooler manufacturer Asetek, the company that supplies many of the industry's best-known coolers by Corsair, EVGA, and NZXT, saw victory in a patent infringement case against Cooler Master (CMI) in 2014. In that trial, the jury awarded Asetek a 14.5% royalty on all Cooler Master liquid coolers sold in the US.
The trial can be boiled down to Cooler Master's usage of a coldplate-mounted liquid cooling pump, something for which Asetek holds a patent. Cooler Master's Seidon, Nepton, and Glacer liquid coolers use a pump atop the cold plate, which the court ruled to be patent infringement committed against Asetek. Cooler Master also makes AMD's R9 Fury X liquid cooling solution, which has interesting possibilities for the AMD product; it is yet unclear if the Fury X will be affected by the court ruling against Cooler Master, but the design is similar enough for there to be concern. The Fury X CLC hosts its pump atop the coldplate, which is the heart of these patent lawsuits.
CMI demanded judgment following this case and was denied. The company was instead met with a damages increase to 25.375% royalty for sale of infringing products (starting 1/1/15). CMI may appeal this decision. The following Cooler Master products are subject to the court ruling:
Seidon 120V
Seidon 120V Plus
Seidon 120M
Seidon 120XL
Nepton 140XL
Seidon 240M
Glacer 240L
Nepton 280L
These products (and more, potentially) are subject to the royalties increase. Cooler Master cannot continue sale of these products. The Glacer liquid cooler is known to be supplied by CLC supplier Swiftech, so it could be inferred from this news that CMI offered some form of indemnity to Swiftech in exchange for production and sale of the Glacer to US markets.
CoolIT recently settled (2/15) with Asetek over a similar lawsuit. CoolIT was manufacturing Corsair's new H110 GT liquid cooler before the settlement.
Swiftech was issued a C&D (2013, H220) to halt sales of liquid coolers to the US markets, but new patents acquired by Asetek in Europe and China implicate further sales limitations.
Apaltek also makes block-mounted pumps, including the SilverStone Tundra, Enermax LiqMax, and LEPA coolers. It is yet to be seen if Apaltek will land in Asetek's sights.
This news is interesting as it has implications for the liquid industry. Other liquid cooling manufacturers must now more carefully consider designs when selling in US, European, and Chinese markets, given the precedent set by the CMI-Asetek case. CMI is indisputably one of the largest PC cooling suppliers in the world, known to be makers of the Intel stock cooler and AMD stock coolers (and Fury X CLC).
It is yet unclear if AMD's production-limited Fury X will see further setbacks resultant of this trial. The coldplate-mounted pump could be a concern for the card.
- Steve "Lelldorianx" Burke.
It appears that the Dutch Usenet community FTD has survived their legal battle with Eyeworks movie studios - but not without its fair share of wounds. A Dutch Court of appeals has ruled that FTD isn't guilty of copyright infringement, but it does promote illegal uploading. What this means is that FTD survives, but but its community software that helps people find Usenet content will have to be altered significantly.This Dutch newsgroup community interacts with each other using a sophisticated piece of software called FTD. This software allows community members to chat, send email, and locate Usenet content. FTD allows members to leave "spots", or more information where Usenet content is located. This information includes the file name, number of files, and what newsgroup the file is located. Although "spots" are not NZB files, they are nevertheless useful in finding verified Usenet content very quickly.Unfortunately, the only piece of news we have to go on is a news flash from BREIN. Sure, it could be spun in any direction they want, but the bottom line is that FTD had a much more grave ruling reversed from earlier this year that indeed found the site guilty of copyright infringement. If that ruling was upheld, FTD as we know it may have been forced offline. But this is good news for FTD, and we're sure their community will adapt soundly to this ruling since in the end, its all about the community.Here's the news brief:Court of Appeals prohibits illegal referrals by FTDThe Court of Appeals of The Hague ruled today that Usenet indexer FTD is not infringing copyright but nevertheless acts unlawfully by systematically encouraging illegal uploading. The court issues an injunction against referrals to files of a Dutch motion picture on penalty of a fine of 10,000 euros per day. This injunction is based on unlawful act (tort) by FTD. A previous injunction based on direct infringement through unauthorized making available of the files by FTD is annulled. The end result is that FTD must refrain from listing referrals to illegal files of the film.FTD maintains a searchable selection of referrals to the best quality files of the most popular entertainment content, in general those files are infringing and furthermore largely unfindable without FTD. This selection also contained referrals to illegal files from a popular Dutch movie just after it was legally released on DVD and the Internet. The film producer Eyeworks filed for an injunction that was granted on the basis of direct infringement by FTD that in turn filed an appeal against this decision.
January 22, 2015
Ukraine: War In Kiev And Beyond?
Today the Ukrainian government finally admitted, three days after it happened, that it has lost its foothold at the Donetsk airport. Its position at the airport covered the artillery position the Ukrainian army has to the north-west of Donetsk. Those artillery units were shelling the federalist held city and the federalists attacked the airport to push them further away.
According to statistics provided to VICE News by the morgue, 157 casualties have been recorded in Donetsk since the beginning of January, with 119 of these occurring in the last two weeks.
It took quite a while but the federalist finally managed to capture the whole airport. Several counterattacks by the Ukrainian army were repelled and the counterattacking forces were destroyed.
Parts of the airport had been held for months by the "volunteer" right sector radicals that are now the "National Guard" of Ukraine. Their number three on the election list was captured by the federalists and their leader Dmytro Yarosh was wounded when they visited their airport position.
There is also some indecisive fighting further south near Mariupol and fighting in the north east near Lukhansk with the federalist making some slight advance. Still the general map has not changed much over the last months.
The Ukrainian army continues to mobilize and, with the help of some NATO members, is building up more forces. I doubt that whatever they come up with will have the motivation, training, equipment or leaders needed to be successful on the battlefield. Grandma's won't do. The soldiers on the other side have proven to be better in all aspects. Despite repeated claims form the Ukrainian government that 1,000, 2,000 or 9,000 Russian regular soldiers and hundreds of Russian tanks are fighting with the federalists none have been documented.
The Ukrainian army can not win a war against the federalist backed by Russia. The Ukrainian government is broke and will not get bailed out. Why is it still trying to wage war? My impression is that the U.S. is still pushing the Ukrainian government to continue its useless efforts to make any Europe-led ceasefire agreement with Russia null an void and to thereby keep the sanctions against Russia in place. Cold War 2.0 with proxy fighting in Ukraine is the U.S. plan to keep Russia from challenging its me-and-only-me-first global position.
The whole conflict seems to be based on more long-term plans:
American soldiers will deploy to Ukraine this spring to begin training four companies of the Ukrainian National Guard, the head of US Army Europe Lt. Gen Ben Hodges said during their first visit to Kiev on Wednesday. The number of troops heading to the Yavoriv Training Area near the city of L'viv — which is about 40 miles from the Polish border — is still being determined, however.
Hmm. The Ukrainian National Guard mainly consists of the fascist units responsible for the Maidan fighting that led to the coup against the Ukrainian government. Lviv is the west Ukrainian capitol of the Ukrainian fascists. Why would the U.S. military train those units near Lviv when the regular Ukrainian army is also obviously in urgent need of training? Why train them in spring when the conflict, with some good will from both sides, could be over in a month or two?
Experience tells that whenever the U.S. announces official training will start then and there that unofficial training is already ongoing. I have zero doubt that some U.S. special forces, probably under the guise of "contractors", are already training semi-irregular Ukrainian units. As conventional warfare is unlike to help the Ukrainian government's cause those units may prepare for other means.
There are indeed signs that partisan warfare against the federalists is already happening. Today some mortars fired at civilian areas in Donetsk hit a bus and killed at least 13 people. Unlike regular artillery mortars are rather short ranged weapons. Those who fired them likely did so from inside the generally federalist held, but only lightly controlled areas. Also Alec Luhn, reporting for the Guardian from Donetsk, tweeted today:
Partisan war? Dnipro-1 battalion says pro-Ukraine partisans in Luhansk region blew up a train carrying coal to Russia http://nr2.com.ua/News/...
If what I suspect is happening, that Ukrainian government semi-regular units are waging a guerrilla campaign in federalist held regions, then the obvious response by the federalists will be the dispatch of similar units to Ukrainian government held areas. That means war in Kiev and beyond.
Posted by b on January 22, 2015 at 12:26 PM | Permalink
Comments
FRANKFURT (MarketWatch) — European leaders expect euro-zone finance ministers to reach agreement Monday on a long-delayed second bailout for Greece, a spokesperson for German Chancellor Angela Merkel said.
Merkel, Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos and Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti discussed the situation in a conference call Friday and are “confident” that the ministers will “find a solution to outstanding issues,” the spokesperson, Steffen Seibert, said in a written statement.
Renewed expectations for a deal helped lift European equities on Friday, while the euro EURUSD, -0.0878% traded at $1.3159, a gain of 0.3% from Thursday. Read more on European markets.
Investors have seen numerous false starts, however. European leaders first announced an agreement in principle on the second bailout last October.
Since then, Greece's worsening economic picture and a related inability to hit budget targets have led to demands that Athens undertake deeper and increasingly controversial cuts and austerity measures.
“None of this solves the fundamental issues of an imploding Greek economy and an unsustainable debt path. And the deal could still unravel over the weekend,” said Kit Juckes, head of foreign exchange at Société Générale.
The shared currency and U.S. equities were lifted was lifted late Thursday after reports said the European Central Bank was preparing to swap some of its Greek bond holdings — a move seen as potentially helping to ease the country's debt load and frightening private-sector bondholders into participating in a voluntary bond swap.
Markets also found support on reports that Germany had retreated from earlier calls to delay a large chunk of the 130 billion euro ($171 billion) bailout until after Greek elections in April. Speculation surrounding such a move had sparked fears Greece could be forced into some form of default on March 20, when it faces a €14.5 billion bond repayment.
The Financial Times reported that Athens would face controls on its ability to spend funds. The country would still be required to complete a list of 24 “prior actions” before the end of February as a condition for releasing the aid, the report said.
An agreement by euro-zone finance ministers on Monday would likely be followed by the launch of a long-awaited, voluntary, private-sector bond swap that aims to knock €100 billion off of Greece's debt load.
The clock is ticking
But in order for Greece to avoid a hard default on March 20, the private-sector-bond swap must be initiated next week, said Erik Nielsen, chief global economist at UniCredit Bank in London.
Meanwhile, several news reports said the European Central Bank is exchanging its holdings of an estimated €50 billion of Greek government bonds for new bonds that would be immune to “collective action clauses” that may be imposed by the Greek government.
Such clauses would allow a majority of bondholders to force all bondholders to participate in a debt swap and could be used if an insufficient number of private bondholders participate in the voluntary bond swap.
The European Central Bank, which bought most of the bonds at a deep discount to face value in a futile effort to hold down Greek borrowing costs, would realize a profit on the exchange, proceeds that would then be channeled back to national central banks, according to a Thursday report in Germany's Die Welt newspaper.
National central banks within the euro zone could then use the money to reduce outstanding Greek debt, potentially reducing Greece's debt load by around €15 billion, according to calculations made by Padhraic Garvey, economist at ING Bank in Amsterdam.
What's more, the European Central Bank appears to be ring-fencing itself from any future debt structuring that could be imposed on private bondholders, Garvey noted. With the central bank out of the way, it would be easier for the Greek government to impose write-downs on all non-European Central Bank investors.
“Whether this is an objective of the ECB's debt swap is unclear, but it is a potential implication that holders of Greek paper need to be aware of,” they said.
Want news about Europe delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Europe Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
The flute embouchure is one of the most talked about and potentially difficult concepts to master in flute playing. How do we as unique individuals form the embouchure and how does it influence our sound? This article will outline these two important questions, as well as help you avoid six common flute embouchure mistakes that lead to future tone and playing problems. Watch my step-by-step video tutorial to find your own unique embouchure and start you on the path to terrific flute tone.
What is the flute embouchure?
The word embouchure is rooted in the French for ‘mouth' and refers to the shape of the facial muscles, tongue and teeth when we blow into a wind instrument. The flute is an interesting member of the woodwind instrument family, having no reed like an oboe or clarinet. When air is blown into a reed, it encounters a resistance from the reed which vibrates and causes a sound to be produced. With the flute our mouth is effectively the reed – the conduit through which the air travels into the instrument. The shape and size of the opening in our lips (called the aperture) helps to channel our breath and regulate its speed and direction. Obviously this makes it one of the vitally important factors in solid sound production (together with the material and cut of the head joint itself).
How does the flute embouchure affect sound quality?
Three major factors – embouchure shape and size, its positioning on the flute's lip plate as well as breath control all play a part in sound production and its quality. Very simply, to obtain a ‘sound' on the flute the air needs to travel diagonally down across the hole, focused through the aperture. The length, thickness, angle and speed of this air jet all act to produce the vibrating column of air within the flute that makes sound. Changes in any one of these parameters will produce changes in pitch, volume and flute tone. For example, playing with too little air speed means you'll play flat (under pitch), softly and with a raspy, weak sound.
Struggling For Sound?… Learn The Simple Changes that Make a BIG Difference
What is meant by a flexible flute embouchure?
As we mature in our playing we expand to playing notes at the extremes of registers, playing over a large dynamic range as well as the expectation that we are able to play in tune. In order to do this well, our embouchure needs to remain ‘flexible.' This means it's necessary to make subtle modifications as we play. Our face and throat shouldn't feel tense or be locked into just one position.
For example, to make a leap between octaves we need to increase the air speed and modify the direction of air into the flute. Instead of just ‘blowing harder' we can modify the aperture size to become smaller, thereby forcing the air through a smaller hole and increasing its speed. We also need to angle the air higher by moving the centre of the lips and jaw ever so slightly forward, covering more of the embouchure hole. In another example, to increase the volume of a note, you need to use more air. But if you simply blow harder and faster you will begin to raise the pitch and eventually overblow into harmonics. Instead you compensate by increasing the size of the aperture.
General guide for embouchure formation
Some people find their playing embouchure easily, allowing them to make a solid sound relatively quickly. Others struggle for longer for any number of reasons (wearing braces, large lips or even a cheap, badly cut head joint). Because this is one of the very fundamentals of flute playing, there is a real danger that the frustration of the process turns people off flute playing altogether! To prevent this tragedy, here are some general pointers to start with…
Work in front of a mirror so you can recognise the subtle changes in embouchure shapes as you adjust
Use only the head joint to begin sound creation initially
Generally about one quarter to one third of the hole should be covered with the bottom lip
The lower lip should be slightly flattened and the upper lip sit jut slightly over your bottom lip
The corners of the mouth should be slightly turned down and relaxed, rather than pulled back and up as if smiling.
The hole in your lips should be a squashed oval and should not be longer than the embouchure hole on the flute
The inner wet part of your lips should be touching
The aperture should be aligned approximately in the middle of the embouchure hole of the flute
Sound the syllable ‘mmmm' and then release a ‘p' sound to create the correct mouth shape. Once you have found this shape, use the ‘t' sound while breathing out to mimic tonguing notes
Use a steady stream of air (equivalent to playing moderately loudly)
Six Flute Embouchure Mistakes to Avoid
But of course, we are all unique! Our lip thickness, the straightness of our teeth, wearing braces, the shape of our chins and jaw bite will mean each embouchure shape will be a little different to the next. So it's often a case of trial and error to find it. In this search for sound, there are some common embouchure mistakes many beginners make. Here are six of the most common mistakes to avoid…
Covering too much of the hole with your lips by either rolling the flute inward or pressing the flute into your chin too hard.
The smiling embouchure. This pulls the lips away from the flute's lip plate, increasing the length and angle of the air stream, causing pitch and tone problems. It also tends to lock the lips and cheeks in place, and also makes it more difficult to anchor the flute under the bottom lip and against the chin.
Not supporting the breath enough (air speed too slow). This makes you overcompensate by squeezing the aperture smaller, tensing the facial muscles
Placing the flute too high on the lip or too low on the chin means that not enough of the air jet is directed into the flute
Blowing directly across the hole (as if blowing across a bottle neck)
Holding the flute at angles (too far forward, backward or downward) will disperse too much air and result in an airy tone
Still searching for your sound? Don't give up! Click the button below and I'll send you some easy strategies to finding your correct flute embouchure. But most importantly – I demonstrate how subtle changes in your embouchure can make a big difference to your tone!
Click to Find your Flute Embouchure here…
References:
http://woodwindintonation.weebly.com/flute.html
http://jennifercluff.blogspot.com/2009/05/smile-embouchure-why-it-doesnt-work.htm
Blocki, K., Performance: Flute Tone – Beautiful Tone for the New Flutist. School Band & Orchestra, 2013. 16(5): p. 36-40.
Criswell, C., Creating and Maintaining a Good Flute Embouchure. Teaching Music, 2009. 16(5): p. 49.
Solis, J., et al., Development of an anthropomorphic musical performance robot capable of playing the flute and saxophone: Embedding pressure sensors into the artificial lips as well as the re-designing of the artificial lips and lung mechanisms. Robotics and Autonomous Systems, 2016. 86: p. 174-183.
Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal's arrest could spell disaster for Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox plans
Posted
Rupert Murdoch's business empire could lose a crucial ally with this week's arrest of one of the world's richest men.
Key points: Saudi investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has been a crucial ally in the past to Murdoch
Prince Alwaleed was arrested as part of a Saudi anti-corruption crackdown this week
21st Century Fox's annual shareholder meeting is due to be held next Thursday
Billionaire Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal is one of 11 princes, four government ministers, and dozens of ex-ministers rounded up in an anti-corruption crackdown in the desert kingdom.
The Saudi investor has been crucial in the past to Mr Murdoch's efforts to fend off bids from institutional shareholders to wrest control of the business empire.
"Prince Talal, for about 20 years has been the biggest non-Murdoch voting shareholder in News Corp, now 21st Century Fox," shareholder activist Stephen Mayne said.
"His 5 per cent voting stake has regularly backed the Murdoch control of the company."
The timing of the Prince's arrest could prove disastrous for the Murdoch family, with another attempt to loosen its grip on its company likely within days.
21st Century Fox's annual shareholder meeting is due to be held next Thursday.
"Next week at the annual meeting in Los Angeles, there's another hostile shareholder resolution proposing to get rid of the gerrymander, the two-class voting system," Mr Mayne said.
"Whether the Prince's 5 per cent stake will be voted opposing that resolution next week will be an interesting one to watch.
"It's hard to direct your votes if you're [under] arrest, I would have thought."
Murdoch family control vulnerable to rebellion
The Murdoch family owns just 14 per cent of the company, but under a dual-class share structure controls more than a third of its voting stock.
At that level, the family's control is still vulnerable to a shareholder rebellion.
In the past, Prince Alwaleed's 5 per cent stake has been crucial to maintaining the family's grip over the business empire.
This is despite close to half the company's shareholders voting in favour of unwinding the dual-class share structure.
Mr Mayne said there have been a number of incidents over the years where more than 40 per cent of voters has voted against the Murdochs to unwind the gerrymander or to de-couple the roles of CEO and chairperson, both Mr Murdoch himself.
"The Saudi prince has always loyally stuck by Rupert to the very last," Mr Mayne said.
"If that 5 per cent voting block falls into different hands or it's sold to normal, institutional investors, the control that the family has over the company would be reduced."
Editor's note: A day after this story was published the ABC learned that Prince Alwaleed bin Talal had offloaded their 21st Century Fox Shares.
Topics: world-politics, media, corruption, law-crime-and-justice, saudi-arabia, united-states
Former President George W. Bush, in their new memoir out Tuesday, contends that they gave the original order to shoot down planes on Sept. 11, 2001, according to excerpts in the New York Times.
“I told [Vice President Cheney] that I would make decisions from the air and count on them to implement them on the ground,” they wrote. “I told Dick that our pilots should contact suspicious planes and try to get them to land peacefully. If that failed, they had my authority to shoot them down. … I had just made my first decision as a wartime commander in chief.”Although Bush, Cheney and former Chief of Staff Josh Bolten have claimed that Bush gave the original order, the 9/11 Commission found that it was Cheney who first ordered that suspicious planes be shot down, and that they only called Bush — who was en route to Washington from Florida — for the order after Bolten pressed him.
[TPM SLIDESHOW: Decision Points: A Look Back At The Bush Years]
The Times pulled out a few other choice excerpts.
Bush said they were “blindsided” by the debate over their warrantless wiretapping problem and would never have sent aides to Attorney General John Ashcroft's hospital room if they knew Ashcroft had temporarily ceded power to a deputy.
On interrogation techniques they said that, although they personally gave the order to waterboard terrorism suspects, they told the CIA not to use two other techniques they felt crossed the line.
“I knew that an interrogation program this sensitive and controversial would one day become public,” they wrote. “When it did, we would open ourselves up to criticism that America had compromised its moral values. I would have preferred that we get the information another way. But the choice between security and values was real.”
On the roles of executive power and Congress in governing, Bush says, “In retrospect, I probably could have avoided some of the controversy and legal setbacks by seeking legislation” that approved their programs.
The fight over a building that housed a nuclear reactor on the UW campus raises the issue of just who decides which structures are landmarks. A UW lawsuit about the city's Landmark Preservation Ordinance is scheduled to come before a Superior Court judge this week.
Some call it a useless relic of the nuclear age. Others say it's a modernist gem of a building.
One thing is certain: The fate of the old nuclear-reactor building at the University of Washington has set off a chain reaction of concern about historic preservation, and has raised fundamental questions about how much power the UW's Board of Regents can wield.
After preservationists nominated the reactor building, More Hall Annex, to receive landmark status under the city's Landmark Preservation Ordinance, the university sued, saying it shouldn't be bound by that law.
The UW argues that its Board of Regents is best suited to decide if a building has historic value.
But preservationists contend that the city should have a role in determining if a building has historic properties. Without it, they say, there will be no checks and balances of the type afforded by the preservation ordinance's public-review process.
The debate started when the regents voted to tear down More Hall Annex, the 55-year-old Brutalist-style concrete building that once housed a small nuclear reactor. It's across from the Paul G. Allen Center for Computer Science and Engineering, and the site is designated for a $104 million expansion of the computer-science center.
But this is about more than just one building, said Eugenia Woo, the director of preservation services for Historic Seattle. If the university doesn't have to follow the city's landmark ordinance, they said, a dozen more modernist-style buildings on the 703-acre Seattle campus could be threatened, too.
“The UW is a public university in a community and cannot act as if it's an island unto itself,” Woo said.
Woo is co-founder of the state chapter of the Documentation and Conservation of the Modern Movement, Western Washington (DOCOMOMO US-WEWA). The nonprofit's goal is to raise awareness and appreciation for modern design in the region.
And it's those midcentury buildings — designed at a time when a new, modern aesthetic called for buildings to be stripped of their ornamentation, and for design to stress utility and function — that are most at risk, said Woo and Chris Moore, also a DOCOMOMO member and executive director of the Washington Trust for Historic Preservation.
“It's some of this later, postwar, midcentury stuff that isn't as well understood yet — not as widely appreciated,” Moore said.
The university is suing because it wants the issue settled by a judge, said Sally Clark, director of regional and community relations for the UW and a former Seattle City Council member.
“It would be going too far to say it's a friendly lawsuit — but in the meetings I've been a part of, everybody got tired of ‘You're wrong!' ‘No, you're wrong!' ” they said.
“Let's go ahead and have a judge decide.”
The suit is scheduled to come before King County Superior Court Judge Suzanne Parisien on Friday. In its arguments, the UW says the Legislature has granted the regents the power over where buildings are constructed on campus.
But city lawyers argue that if the UW has autonomy over land use on all of its many land holdings, then the university — and, by logical extension, all the state's other public universities — wouldn't have to follow any local ordinances that regulate development, and perhaps even environmental regulations, too.
Moore said all other landowners in the city must work with the preservation ordinance, so the UW should, too. Or, as city attorneys wrote in a legal brief: “No state university is a legal island unto itself.”
Clark says the UW and the city have had a running dispute over the landmarks-preservation legislation for more than a decade, but DOCOMOMO's decision to nominate More Hall Annex for historic preservation brought it to a head.
But they also said no other historic buildings on campus are at risk because the UW doesn't have the money for new construction. The campus master plan, which is being updated, calls for preserving most buildings on the main campus.
“There's not a tidal wave of new development coming,” Clark said.
Woo and Moore agree that the UW has been a good flight attendant of its pre-World War II buildings.
It is spending $56 million to renovate the interior of 120-year-old Denny Hall, and in 2009 the university moved Cunningham Hall — a two-story wooden building that was constructed in 1909 — to an area next to Parrington Hall to make way for the UW's molecular-engineering building.
“We take the historic value of our buildings very seriously,” said UW spokesperson Norm Arkans.
The modernist buildings deserve that same level of protection, Woo said.
Many were designed by important Northwest architects and reflect the building materials and construction techniques that were common 50 or more years ago.
Take Mackenzie Hall, Woo said. Its team of designers included Northwest architect Paul Hayden Kirk, one of the most influential modernist architects working in Seattle during that era. The three-story building, long and rectangular, was built in the late 1950s and is clad in composite material. It has a small courtyard and a metal fountain sculpture by renowned Northwest artist George Tsutakawa that was likely commissioned along with the building.
What's happening to Mackenzie Hall, though, is something that Woo describes as “demolition by neglect.” The building's steel windows are rusting, giving Mackenzie a decaying, antiquated appearance.
Clark said Mackenzie is, indeed, on a list of buildings that could potentially be redeveloped. It's considered by facilities planners to be in poor condition.
The nuclear-reactor building also looks old and tired because it hasn't been cared for, Woo said. Windows on all sides of the concrete structure are coated with a film of grime, and the white beams that hold up the roof are discolored and mossy. “But it is structurally sound and maintains integrity,” they said.
UW officials disagree. “We happen to believe the nuclear-reactor building is not of the same ilk” as other historic buildings on campus, Arkans said. “And, it has no use.”
Built in 1961, More Hall Annex was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009, but that designation doesn't afford it any protection. And it's only been nominated for consideration under the Landmarks Protection Ordinance. Even if the UW loses its lawsuit, there's no guarantee that More Hall Annex would be saved.
Woo said she's not in favor of preserving everything. For example, a modern addition to the art building, next to Mackenzie, isn't a building preservationists would fight for.
But they fear for other buildings, including McMahon, a residence hall that is under study and could be demolished in years to come. Other modernist buildings of special note include the UW Club, and Bloedel and Winkenwerder halls, as well as Brutalist-style Gould and Schmitz halls, they said.
“Part of the significance of the campus is that it has evolved over the decades,” Woo said. “The buildings on campus from different eras are part of the continuing narrative of its history.”
We all know the feeling. You're sleepless in the sad hours of the night or stumbling around early on a hazy weekend morning in need of something to read, and that pile of unread books just isn't cutting it. Why not take a break from the fire hose of Twitter and RSS and check out our weekly roundup of essential writing from around the web about technology, culture, media, and the future? Sure, it's one more thing you can feel guilty about sitting in your Instapaper queue, but it's better than pulling in vain on your Twitter list again.
Grab the entire list as a Readlist.
On Silicon Valley
Paul Goldberg surveys how Facebook, Google, and Apple's massive new starchitect-designed headquarters are changing the Valley and the cities around it.
Vanity Fair: Paul Goldberger - The Shape of Things to Come
Would the Pyramids, say, have made a good office building? A symbol, yes, but a building, no. And Apple's spaceship, which is expected to hold 12,000 workers, is just as inflexible. You can't make it bigger, certainly, if you need to expand. And you can't really argue that the building will encourage collaboration, since, with its circumference of nearly a mile, even workers on the same floor can be as much as half a mile apart. Because the purity of the shape was valued above all else, the large auditorium that Apple wanted was placed underground in a separate structure—a mini-spaceship beside the mother ship.
On Tower One
Justin Davidson visits the World Trade Center, looking back on a decade of construction, power struggles, and grief.
New York: Justin Davidson - A Visit to the Top of the World Trade Center
A year later, Tower One had evolved into an immense festive skeleton arrayed in multicolored lights like some kind of mutant lawn ornament. On stormy days, the wind roared through the open floors, producing an unearthly shriek that could be heard for blocks. The building was still raw, hopeful, and wild.
On 'The Walking Dead'
Following a massive binge-watch, Emily Nussbaum reviews The Walking Dead.
The New Yorker: Emily Nussbaum - Utter Rot
AMC's zombie show, “The Walking Dead,” on the other hand, has been grinding on for forty-three hours, something I can attest to, because I watched every episode in less than two weeks. Binge-watching has become a popular way to enjoy television, but with a show as flawed as “The Walking Dead” it's a dangerous drug, all spike-and-crash, as gorgeous surges of critical hope are blown apart and revealed as wishful thinking. In this way, it's not all that different from an actual zombie apocalypse.
On David Agus
Amy Wallace profiles doctor and author David Agus and their fight against cancer.
Wired: Amy Wallace - Steve Jobs' Doctor Wants to Help Us All Live Longer
For their part, Agus isn't really trying to defy anyone. To them it's all part of a single plan. That's because Agus isn't just trying to build a career, make a pile of money, or get famous; he's trying to beat cancer. And they know that even as they search for breakthrough treatments and refines state-of-the-art clinical care, these accomplishments alone will not achieve this goal. Agus believes we can conquer this devastating disease only if individuals take ownership of their health. They can't do that if they don't know how. So they have taken it upon themselves to educate them, one rule at a time.
On blogging
As part of Nieman Jounralism Lab's fantastic ongoing journalism series, Jason Kottke considers the future of the blog.
Nieman Journalism Lab: Jason Kottke - The blog is dead, long live the blog
Instead of blogging, people are posting to Tumblr, tweeting, pinning things to their board, posting to Reddit, Snapchatting, updating Facebook statuses, Instagramming, and publishing on Medium. In 1997, wired teens created online diaries, and in 2004 the blog was king. Today, teens are about as likely to start a blog (over Instagramming or Snapchatting) as they are to buy a music CD. Blogs are for 40-somethings with kids.
On telemarketing
Alexis Madrigal reports on the bizarre half-human, half-computer systems used by some telemarketing companies.
The Atlantic: Alexis Madrigal - Almost Human: The Surreal, Cyborg Future of Telemarketing
Such conversations happen millions of times a year, but they are not what they appear. Because while a human is picking up the phone, and a human is dialing the phone, this is not, strictly speaking, a conversation between two humans.
Instead, a call-center worker in Utah or the Philippines is pressing buttons on a computer, playing through a marketing pitch without actually speaking. Some people who market these services sometimes call this "voice conversion" technology. Another company says it's "agent-assisted automation technology.”
For more great longreads, visit our friends at Longreads.
Have any favorites that you'd like to see included in next week's edition? Send them along to @thomashouston or share in the comments below.
Officials from the US Special Operations Command met with American business executives and bitcoin community leaders on Monday in Tampa, Florida, to discuss bitcoin and its role in illicit finance.
The topic is a priority for the US military as it seeks to understand how bitcoin could be used in funding anti-American forces and operations and whether it can take actions to reduce this activity.
However, the aptly named Virtual Currency Workshop was a broader learning opportunity for special ops forces, meant to dispel any misconceptions about bitcoin and digital currencies being catalysts for terrorism and illicit activity.
Bitcoin Foundation global policy counsel Jim Harper attended the meeting, and said their message to the government was that “bitcoin runs on a transparent ledger system” and that the industry is more than a “magic cloak for evil behavior”.
Harper told CoinDesk:
“The military has an interest in knowing everything it can know about how the world works, and bitcoin is a big part of how the world is going to work.”
“Demistifying bitcoin is always a good thing,” they added.
Ongoing discussions
The day was part of an ongoing series of talks planned by a group called Business Executives for National Security (BENS), a nonprofit organization of American business leaders that lend their experience and insight to threat reduction initiatives.
Notably, Amazon's Jeff Bezos, former AIG CEO Hank Greenberg and David Koch of Koch Industries are among its distinguished members.
Attendees representing the bitcoin community comprised “between one-third and a handful” of all present, Harper estimated.
Further, they suggested that the event was a success as an educational event, as by the day's end, the gathered attendees had begun to view bitcoin more favorably.
At press time, BENS had confirmed the meeting, but had not responded to further inquiries.
Government cooperation
Harper told CoinDesk they were impressed by the cross-section of representatives present at the meeting and the solid discussion and learning that took place. It was perhaps the first time that the three widely disparate cultures have convened formally.
In statements to CNBC, Harper acknowledged the possibility of backlash from members of the bitcoin community following the news of the meeting.
Harper said:
“The bitcoin community doesn't necessarily endorse US foreign policy, and the bitcoin community doesn't necessarily endorse everything the US intelligence community does.”
However, they went on to say that the Bitcoin Foundation's role should be to familiarize law enforcement and the military with bitcoin.
ISIS concerns
The meeting comes at a time when there has been much discussion about whether bitcoin and digital currency could be used to help radical and extremist organisations gain access to financial services.
In July, Sky News reported that the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) had proposed using bitcoin to fund global jihadist efforts, citing services like DarkWallet as ways to make transactions and payments untraceable. However, this report was later debunked.
Harper said none of the military representatives present at the event offered specific intelligence that ISIS uses bitcoin and that the amount of discourse focused on the terror group was negligible.
Hat tip to CNBC
Image via Shutterstock
Is Affordable Housing Being Built?
Ms. Malliotakis at one point latched onto a critique of Mr. de Blasio's housing plan from the left, saying that only a fraction of the $41-billion plan is aimed at those earning less than $25,000. They also attacked the plan for counting units that are rehabilitated or where new financing keeps them affordable, what is known as “preserved” housing.
That is true, but it is also part of the design of Mr. de Blasio's plan, which would create 80,000 units of new housing and preserve 120,000 more. Housing experts believe that approach is sound and tailored to the times, when the booming city economy has left little in the way of vacant land or derelict property for city officials to snap up.
The city has financed more than 77,000 units so far toward its goal, a fact Mr. de Blasio repeated in the debate. But because some of those are only financing deals, and because some of the new building has yet to be completed, the results are not always visible on the street.
What to Do About the Subways?
Transit is among the biggest issues for New Yorkers, and the debate over it contained a few whoppers. Mr. Dietl said the city had not been putting money into the state-run Metropolitan Transportation Authority, a claim that is not true.
Mr. de Blasio stuck to their position that a tax on high earners is the best solution to the subway crisis, calling it “very, very popular.”  They are supported by a recent Quinnipiac University poll in which registered New York City voters favored “a millionaire's tax” over congestion pricing to raise money for mass transit by 64 percent to 21 percent.
A Wall Around Gracie Mansion?
Mr. Dietl used their one opportunity to ask the mayor a direct question to suggest, in a roundabout way, that they had constructed a “wall” around Gracie Mansion to hide nefarious behavior. They have insinuated without evidence in some appearances that the mayor uses marijuana.
First, it's more of a fence. As Mr. de Blasio explained, their security detail had it built in the wake of some White House fence-jumping incidents.
Cable companies that stand to benefit the most from an end to net neutrality have been bankrolling so-called “consumer advocacy” groups that aim to kill it.
Such non-profits like Broadband for America and the American Consumer Institute (ACI), both of which claim to be “independent consumer advocacy groups” and have been fighting against classifying ISPs as a utility (a move that would make it easier to enact net neutrality rules in the future), have been shown to be heavily funded by the cable industry.
According to a disclosure obtained by Vice from the National Cable and Telecommunications Association (NCTA), an ISP-supported trade group, most Broadband for America's recent $3.5 million budget comes from a $2 million donation from NCTA. Vice further uncovered that, based on its tax return filings, Broadband for America has retained the DCI Group, an "infamous lobbying firm," that Vice argues specializes in building fake consumer interest groups that actually serve corporate interests.
What's more, Vice found that the American Consumer Institute, which similarly opposes reclassification of ISPs, has been bankrolled by an ISP lobby group called Mywireless.com that has been a consistent financial contributor to ACI since 2010.
"This kind of funding has been very common since the beginning of the net neutrality debate," Tim Karr, director of strategy at the advocacy organization Free Press, told Ars on Friday afternoon.
"ACI has a fairly storied reputation for being a press release factory to drum up industry support,” Karr continued. “They are very much in the business of trying to act as a counterweight to the legitimate advocacy groups that have been well organized against cable industry."
What's more, such industry-funded groups can be quite effective if not called out for their conflicts of interest. "The problem that we see is that the media will quote these people without identifying those conflicts," Karr continued. "They have been very good at infiltrating grassroots causes without properly disclosing sources of funding."
Turf wars
Executives from Internet service providers like AT&T, Comcast, Verizon, and Cox Communication have signed on to a letter from Broadband for America to the FCC regarding net neutrality rules, reports Vice. This campaign seems to be a response to the grassroots actions of Internet users who have been turning out in droves to rallies in support of maintaining net neutrality.
This isn't the cable industry's first attempt to control the line of debate over an important telecommunications issue directly affecting their bottom line. For example, in order to make sure the company wouldn't be forced to deploy high-speed wired broadband service to all of New Jersey's 8.9 million residents earlier this year, Verizon led an aggressive astroturf campaign whereby it flooded the state Board of Public Utilities with hundreds of identical e-mails purporting to support Verizon's case.
This despite the fact that some Verizon "supporters" had no idea e-mails were sent on their behalf.
An illustration of mammary intercourse
Mammary intercourse is a sex act, performed as either foreplay or as non-penetrative sex, that involves the stimulation of the male penis by the female breasts and vice versa.[1]
Practice
Mammary intercourse involves the male placing their erect penis in the female's cleavage, then starting to rub or thrust between their breasts, while the breasts are squeezed around the penile shaft, creating a tight area for stimulation.[1] In addition, the woman may move their breasts up and down against the penis for an additional stimulation. The act may be carried out face to face, or head to tail, with the woman recommended being on top if they have smaller breasts.[2] When performed as a non-penetrative sex act, the act is continued until the point of ejaculation for the man.
Mammary intercourse is said by Alex Comfort to produce mutual orgasm in women with sensitive breasts (what Margot Anand terms local orgasms of the breast), and it was one of the nine substitute exercises for penetrative sexual activities, as detailed in the Paradis Charnels of 1903.[3][4][5] This act can be combined with fellatio.
Since mammary intercourse is a non-penetrative sex act, the risk of passing a sexually transmitted infection (STI) that requires direct contact between the mucous membranes and pre-ejaculate or semen is greatly reduced. HIV is among the infections that require such direct contact and is therefore very unlikely to be transmitted via mammary intercourse.[6] A study of the condom usage habits of New Zealand's sex workers said that they offered various safe sex alternatives to vaginal sex to clients who refused to wear a condom. One sex worker said that mammary intercourse was one alternative used; mammary intercourse performed by a woman with large breasts felt to the client like penetrative vaginal sex.[7]
Mammary intercourse has sometimes been considered a perversion.[8] Freud, however, considered such extensions of sexual interest to fall within the range of the normal, unless marked out by exclusivity (i.e. the repudiation of all other forms of sexual contact).[9]
Slang terms
Mammary intercourse is known as titty-fucking, titfuck, titjob or boob job in the United States, as well as tit wank or French fuck in the United Kingdom - the latter term dating back to the 1930s; while a more jocular equivalent is a trip down mammary lane.[10][11]
The Japanese sex industry uses the term paizuri. Paizuri in the Japanese writing system is パイズリ with the first part パイ being from the word おっぱい (pronounced as oppai) which is a slang word for breast, and the second part ズリ being from the word 擦り (pronounced as zuri) which means "rub".[12][13]
See also
References
a b Alex Comfort, The Joy of Sex (1972) p. 67-9 ^ Alex Comfort, The Joy of Sex (1972) p. 69 ^ Alex Comfort, The Joy of Sex (1972) p. 69 and p. 175 ^ Margo Ananad, The Art of Sexual Ecstasy (1990) p. 309 ^ Alex Comfort, The Joy of Sex (1972) p. 176 ^ Kelly, Jeffrey A. (October 1995). "Advances in HIV/AIDS education and prevention". Family Relations. 44 (4): 345–352. doi:10.2307/584989. ISSN 0197-6664. JSTOR 584989. ^ Woods, 1996, in Davis, pages 125-127 ^ Clifford Allen, A Textbook of Psychosexual Disorders (1969) p. 200 ^ Sigmund Freud, On Sexuality (PFL 7) p. 65 and p. 75 ^ Godson, page 96. ^ M. S. Morton, The Lover's Tongue (2003) p. 187 ^ Bacarr, 2004, p. 150. ^ Constantine, 1992, p. 110.
The Unconventional Foundation for Autism, UF4A for short, is a non-profit organization. The mission of UF4A is three fold: (1) to raise awareness and support for families afflicted with this mysterious and misunderstood condition known as Autism; (2) to raise funds for cannabis-based medical research and clinical trials; and (3) to campaign for a rescheduling of cannabis from Schedule 1 narcotic (no accepted medical benefits) to a lower schedule so that the appropriate research may be conducted, and so that all patients have access to medication. A listing on Schedule 1 is tantamount to a research blockade and, frankly, is unacceptable where millions continue to needlessly suffer and subject to criminal punishment should they choose to use cannabis under the direction of their physician. The Schedule 1 listing fails to reflect the prevailing medical view that cannabis has accepted medical benefits. UF4A is quickly becoming a leading advocate in the fight for nationwide investigation, research and analysis of the legalization of Medical Marijuana.
AMD is said to be working on better coolers for their next generation Radeon HD 8000 series cards according to a report by Computerbase. The site had a meeting with AMD's product manager for desktop graphics at Computex 2013 who told that AMD is indeed working on a new series of graphics card which would feature better coolers than the ones currently available on Radeon HD 7000 series:
“The next coolers are better. Although I can not go into detail for the next generation, however, we have some changes made ​​to the cooling system. The cooler the Radeon HD 7900 series was in fact no great shakes.” VIA Computerbase
AMD Radeon HD 8000 Series To Feature “Better” Cooling Designs?
What AMD is trying to say here is that that the coolers for their upcoming Radeon HD 8000 series would be better than the predecessors but won't be as good as the custom solutions offered by their AIB partners. AMD does always launch reference models of their GPUs at launch but its user preference whether they want to stick with reference or custom solutions from AMD and its partners. AMD's HD 6000 series were among the first GPUs to make use of vapor chamber cooling design and NVIDIA followed the same path with their GeForce 500 series. Since then, both AMD and NVIDIA have been using vapor/liquid chamber cooling for their GPUs so it would be interesting to see what new would their next generation HD 8000 series cards would feature for cooling.
AMD also mentions that while they do want to make better coolers for their cards, they won't make them as attractive as people may think since it only adds to the cost of the board. NVIDIA's $1000 Titan and $649 GTX GeForce 780 are just an example since the use the same magnesium alloy metal used on the GeForce GTX 690. AMD want's to spend that time and money enhancing the performance of the card while leaving the job for making the card attractive on its AIB partners.
” not interested in their own reference design attractive – and thus connected: costly – to make “.
NVIDIA may be showcasing the GeForce GTX 770 with the Titan cooler but there's a reason why only a one or two manufacture's are offering it as a reference model. GeForce GTX 770 comes at a $399 price point, adding a NVTTM cooler adds up to the cost and as a reference models, AIBs take a hit hence they feature the card with their own custom coolers.
” We will continue to work together with our partners in alternative, efficient cooling solutions , “it said simply. ” And not every map, the reference design is available at all , “said Justin Walker, product manager at Nvidia GeForce.
Not much was said about the AMD Radeon HD 8000 series cards but from earlier reports, we know they would launch later this year.
$ 34.00
Tea Blend Matcha Do About Nothing Choose Your Own Tea (Order Notes)
Our Matcha Do About Nothing Tea stages a lovely silky finish that is befitting of Shakespeare's romantic comedy.
The English may not have yet had tea in the 17th century, but the silky finish of this Japanese Matcha would have caused much ado about something. The Tin is a tribute to the Bard themselves with design inspirations coming from all the way back in the year 1632 when Thomas Cotes printed Shakespeare's Second Folio. The decorations include thematic elements of the play itself.
“For which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in with me?”
Includes two Shakespeare bookmarks.
Ingredients: Organic Matcha Tea Powder. Moderate Caffeine.
Want a different tea blend in your NovelTea Tin?
Request a different blend in Order Notes (important!).
Subject to availability. Choose from our library of tea blends: The Picture of Earl Grey
Oliver Lemon Twist
Matcha Do About Nothing
Anise in Wonderland
Pekoe Pan
Pu'er Rabbit
War and Peach
Don QuixoTea (chai)
Pippi Oolongstocking
Sense and Senchability
Anne of Green Tea Gables
NovelTea Tins are metal tea containers that look like books. Each punny title in the library is individually designed to add a touch of vintage beauty to any book shelf or tea station. It's a unique storage solution for the tea collector that has everything.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Vancouver-based Tintina Resources (CVE:TAU) has just re-submitted its mine operating permit application for the Black Butte Copper project in Montana, US.
The company had presented an initial application to the state's Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) in December of 2015, but three months later received a 60-page deficiency notice.
The move comes about six months after Montana's environmental officials said Tintina's application was insufficient.
Tintina's project is located north of White Sulphur Springs and it will employ pasted backfill underground and cemented tailings on the surface, which the company says is a more expensive feature than a traditional tailings pond and increases capital costs, but minimizes the overall footprint of its operations. The process leaves only 1-2% of the mine open at any time.
They will also use reverse osmosis to treat wastewater, which will be released into an underground filtration system.
But the DEQ and environmental groups such as Montana Trout Unlimited and American Rivers were not convinced by the company's explanations. They all expressed concerns about the potential impacts from tailings, particularly since the proposed location for the mine sits atop Sheep Creek, a tributary to the Smith River. That water stream is a renowned wild trout fishing and floating destination.
However, the Canadian company — partially owned by Australian investors — has said that Black Butte is far enough from both Sheep Creek and the Smith River. In detail, the mine will sit one mile away from the former and 12 miles away from the latter.
Jerry Zieg, VP of Exploration and a local geologist who began mapping the area more than 10 years ago, said in a press release: "This is where I grew up, so I am proud to be part of a project that protects traditional uses of our watershed, fits well in my community and safeguards the environment."
The company states that, although key aspects remain unchanged, their mine operating permit application is stronger now thanks to the questions posed by the Department of Environmental Quality.
The DEQ has 30 days to review the new document. If all matters have been addressed, the agency would issue an environmental impact statement, which precedes its decision to grant operating permits to the Black Butte project.
Tintina hopes to begin construction in 2018. According to the global Measured & Indicated, resource at Black Butte is 15.7 million tonnes at 3.4% copper.
Even though copper prices have been giving miners headaches throughout the year, futures started to move higher in mid-September, with the December contract gaining 2.55%, closing at $2.155 a pound.
Miners also expect demand to increase in the coming months, as copper is widely used in different segments of the renewable energy industry such as windmill and electric car production.
However, some analysts are unconvinced that better times lie ahead as inventories climb and supply grows strongly.
While in town to start their offseason workout regimen, Browns Pro Bowl left tackle Joe Thomas made an appearance on Cleveland Browns Daily on WKNR 850 AM. The show is part of the Browns official media.
When asked about what they believe will happen this offseason, with the Browns holding 5 of the first 65 draft picks as well as the most salary cap room of any NFL team, Thomas was effusive.
“I expect us to sign three or four big-time free agents,” Thomas responded. “It's a really huge opportunity”.
Cleveland has about $96 million in salary cap room available for 2017, though the projected figures from Over the Cap could be on the low end. That's after factoring in the recent Jamie Collins contract extension.
Thomas sits on Cleveland's leadership council, which helps steer the decision-making process.
NFL free agency kicks off in early March, with the signing period opening on March 9.
Which “big-time” free agents will wind up Cleveland? Let the speculation begin!
Canadian politicians will be in Washington Friday for the inauguration of president-elect Donald Trump and hob nob at an exclusive bash to celebrate Canada-U.S relations.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr and Andrew Leslie, the new parliamentary secretary to the minister of foreign affairs, will attend events at the Canadian Embassy and around Washington.
The embassy is hosting an invitation-only inauguration tailgate and parade-viewing event with about 1,800 guests from diplomatic, political, government and business circles.
Canada has a prime spot for the action, having the only embassy between Capitol Hill and the White House, and the only one located on the presidential inaugural parade route along Pennsylvania Avenue.
The Canadian Embassy in Washington, D.C. is located on Pennsylvania Avenue and has views of the U.S. Capitol building, where the inauguration ceremony for Donald Trump will take place. (Canadian Press)
A brunch hosted by Canada's Ambassador to the U.S. David MacNaughton will follow on the sixth floor of the embassy.
The Canadian Embassy has hosted an inauguration event for every incoming president since 1989, and this year's will also be an opportunity to showcase 150 years of collaboration and friendship between the two countries, according to information provided by Global Affairs Canada.
Poutine, tourtière, Tim Hortons on menu
Guests will be treated to Canadian cuisine, including poutine, British Columbia salmon, Canadian sirloin, and tourtière. BeaverTails and beverages from Tim Hortons and Molson will also be served.
A Jumbotron and several screens will allow guests to watch the day's events and news coverage unfold. There will also be a photo booth and a media video wall for guests.
The RCMP confirmed officers in red serge will also be at the embassy event.
A truck bearing the name of president-elect Donald Trump was parked near the National Mall in Washington, on Thursday. (John Minchillo/Associated Press)
A news release from Global Affairs Canada called it "an important occasion on which to build ties and reaffirm these shared interests."
"The United States has no closer friend, partner and ally than Canada, and we look forward to working closely with the new U.S. administration and with the U.S. Congress," reads a statement from Freeland.
"Our two countries enjoy a historic, time-tested and close friendship, whether on trade or security co-operation. Our integrated economies will continue to provide the basis for shared prosperity, driving middle-class growth on both sides of the border."
Speaking on CBC News Network's Power & Politics, MacNaughton said trade is the number 1 issue on the agenda for bilateral relations. They recently met with U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to discuss a range of issues, including NAFTA, harmonizing regulations, joint border infrastructure initiatives and cybersecurity.
"When you've got an $800-billion economic relationship, there are lots of good things to talk about," they told host Rosemary Barton.
Conservatives attend events
Interim Conservative Leader Rona Ambrose is also in Washington this week, meeting with congressional leaders, MacNaughton and others. They will also attend the embassy event.
Randy Hoback, the critic for Canada-U.S. relations, and Pierre Paul-Hus, vice-chair of the NATO Parliamentary Association have also joined Ambrose in Washington.
No NDP MPs are in D.C. for the events, but party president Marit Stiles is in the capital to take part in the Women's March on Washington that will take place Saturday, the day after the inauguration.
"This is a march about issues important to women and men on both sides of the border," they said. "It's important to stand up for rights and respect no matter who the president is, but especially with this president."
Stiles, whose parents left the U.S. for Newfoundland during the Vietnam war, has many family members still living south of the border.
Israeli intelligence officials believe Hamas is manufacturing a “new generation” of rockets and is reconstructing its cross-border tunnels, the London-based Times reported on Monday.
Citing unnamed officials, the report maintained that dozens of “high trajectory projectiles,” which constitute a “new generation of home-produced rockets” have been tested since September. The rockets were fired at the Mediterranean in a series of drills.
It was not immediately clear how the rockets differed from earlier models.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Israeli military officials last year confirmed that Hamas had fired several rockets into the sea in an apparent test.
“The indication suggests Gaza terrorists are experimenting in order to increase rocket launching capabilities,” the IDF said in a statement at the time.
The unnamed officials further said they believe Hamas was reconstructing the cross-border shafts that were destroyed by Israel during last summer's war in the Gaza Strip. It said that the terror group was struggling to replenish its weapons supply, as ties between Iran and Sudan — formerly one its main suppliers — have grown increasingly chilly.
Hamas, meanwhile, is recruiting for a “popular army” and has so far signed up some 2,500 volunteers.
On December 19, Hebrew-language media reported the Hamas terror group has been redoubling its efforts to restore the cross-border offensive tunnels. According to the reports, some of the cement and other materials being delivered to the coastal Palestinian territory, as part of an international rebuilding effort, has been diverted to the tunnels. However, military sources told The Times of Israel in December that Hamas was being careful not to divert cement that is being supplied to the Strip for rebuilding.
The Gaza group has also begun restocking its depleted rocket arsenal, the Hebrew media reports said last month. According to the reports, Hamas has acknowledged the limited efficacy of its mid- and longer-range rockets, many of which were shot down by Israel's Iron Dome defense system during the war, inflicting very limited civilian casualties. Meanwhile, Hamas has recognized the deadliness of mortar shells, which fall short of Iron Dome's range.
One new approach that Hamas has been considering in an effort to extend its effective range is to launch large volleys of rockets that would challenge Iron Dome's ability to fire interceptors in rapid succession, last month's reports said. It has also been conducting tests, lobbing dozens of rockets into the Mediterranean Sea in recent weeks, according to Ynet, which cited Palestinian Gaza sources in its report.
In the wake of the Thursday arrest of two women accused of attempting to build a bomb, Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) wrote on their website that the 1971 book on bomb making, which may have aided the terror suspects in some small way, should be "banned from the Internet.”
The senator seems to fail to realize that not only has The Anarchist Cookbook been in print for decades (it's sold on Amazon!), but also has openly circulated online for nearly the same period of time. In short, removing it from the Internet would be impossible.
"I am particularly struck that the alleged bombers made use of online bombmaking guides like the Anarchist Cookbook and Inspire Magazine,” Feinstein wrote. "These documents are not, in my view, protected by the First Amendment and should be removed from the Internet."
On Thursday, federal prosecutors charged the two American women living in New York City with conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction. The 29-page criminal complaint details how these two women, Asia Siddiqui and Noelle Velentzas, began meeting with an unnamed undercover agent beginning in 2013, where they expressed extremist ideology and sympathy for Al Qaeda, Osama bin Laden, and related groups.
According to an FBI affidavit, in August 2014, the women discussed learning "science,” in order to learn how to construct a homebrew explosive. Later, the women and the agent went to the library in order to begin teaching themselves basic chemistry.
By November 2014, as the women's research continued, the undercover agent told them that they or they had downloaded the Anarchist Cookbook—the complaint seems to suggest that it was the agent that provided the text to the women.
No one answered the phone when Ars called Feinstein's Washington, DC and San Francisco offices.
The book's author, William Powell, has written that they researched the book at the New York Public Library and has since renounced the book's message after becoming an Anglican Christian in 1976.
Google has made it easier for users to open any Office files stored on Google Drive directly in Office apps, edit them, and save them back to Google Drive. The feature comes with the release of a new plugin by Google for Microsoft Office on Windows, making syncing changes to files stored on Drive easier.
Using the Google Drive plugin, any local files can also be saved on the Google's cloud storage platform directly from the Office apps. The feature however, might be more useful when sharing files with teams or for file access from different devices. To download the plugin, users would have to visit the Google Tools page, simply click on the 'Download' option below, and click on 'Accept and install' the binary file of 910KB. Following that, users will have to associate their Google account. Once set up, the Google Drive features its own tab in the File pane, and its own Google Drive pane as well. This integration is what separates it from the Google Drive app for Windows.
Microsoft last month rolled out Skype for Business integration for Office 365 for Web, using which Office users can start an instant chat or voice/ video conversation with their colleagues directly and without leaving from the Inbox, OneDrive for Business or Calendar application. Other updates include quick access to notifications pane, inclusion of real-time system alerts and personal reminders under Notifications, new Help pane, and the "what's new" feature. Changes for Admins have also been made along with the introduction of new Settings page.
The Redmond-based tech giant also brought Microsoft Office Remote enabling users to control their presentations remotely via their Android devices. The ability to edit Office files directly from Dropbox was also announced in April.
3 Years Without a Raise: Campaign for Higher Minimum Pay Launches
Zana M., a minimum wage tipped worker, speaks about their struggle to make ends meet on minimum wage at Action Now's rally last Thursday in downtown Chicago. (Photo from Action Now via Facebook)
Chanting "We need a raise in the minimum wage," a couple dozen members of Action Now, a low-income community organization, marched last Thursday afternoon around a downtown Chicago outlet of Dunkin' Donuts, one of the nation's leading employers of near-minimum wageworkers.
Yesterday, community group leaders joined teachers union members in a news conference and protest outside the offices of a private equity firm partly owned by Penny Pritzker, billionaire heiress and Board of Education member (coincidentally, on the same day a nationwide boycott indirectly targeted Pritzker family-controlled Hyatt Hotels). They presented evidence that raising the wages of parents making the minimum wage would improve their children's performance in school.
The two demonstrations were preludes to demonstrations in favor of raising the federal minimum wageheld in more than 30 cities today, on the third anniversary of the last time Congress raised the minimum wage (now $7.25). Sixteen states have set higher minimums, while nine have no minimum or one less than the federal level for workers exempted from the federal minimum.
The coalition pushing for an increased minimum wage—such as Sen. Tom Harkin's (D-IA) proposal for a boost to $9.80 an hour in three annual increases, followed by annual increases reflecting rises in the cost of living—includes the Service Employees International Union, the National Employment Law Project Action Fund, the AFL-CIO, and other labor, civil rights, women's and progressive groups.
Beyond the issue of basic fairness—a full-time minimum wageworker cannot earn enough to surpass the official poverty line—advocates of raising the minimum argue that such action would boost the economy and create jobs, not "destroy" them, as right-wing critics argue.
An increase in the minimum wage would help 28 million workers and increase the gross domestic product by $25 billion, creating over 100,000 jobs, according to Economic Policy Institute economist David Cooper. The workers who would benefit include both those making less than the proposed new minimum and workers just above the minimum whose rates are set in reference to that standard. Their increased pay would stimulate the economy and job creation because they tend to spend all that they make.
Even a small increase makes a difference in people's lives and the future of their families. Prince Jackson, for example, is a minimum wage security guard at JFK International Airport in New York. The proposed increase would raise their pay by $50 a week, half the rent for their basement room in someone's house. "That would help a lot," they say. "It would be wonderful if I could send money to my son in college so they could study more."
The federal minimum wage has not kept up with inflation. To match the buying power of the minimum wage at its peak in 1968, employers would have to pay workers at least $10.55, says the NELP. It has also not kept up with rising education levels of minimum wageworkers, which should boost their pay. Center for Economic and Policy Research economists John Schmitt and Janelle Jones found that the average low-wage worker is about 2.3 years older than their 1979 counterpart (thus more experienced and better educated), the share of minimum wageworkers with less than a high school degree has dropped by half, and the share with some college has grown from one-fifth to one-third. Adjusting as best they could for both inflation and education, they figure the 1968 minimum wage would translate into a current minimum of about $11 an hour.
For tipped workers, the federal minimum wage hasn't kept up with anything. It has been frozen at $2.13 an hour for 21 years, the locked-in remnant of a Democratic deal with the National Restaurant Association to reduce their opposition to an earlier minimum wage hike. NELP and other reformers want the federal tipped minimum wage set at 70 percent of the standard minimum.
Minimum wage opponents rely on misperceptions about who employs minimum wageworkers and who those workers are. The Right portrays minimum wageworkers as teenagers working for frivolous entertainment money at small businesses willing to pay them something as they try to learn the ropes of a workaday world. But a new NELP study found that the majority of low-wage workers—66 percent—hold jobs with big corporations, the top three being Wal-Mart, Yum! Brands (which operates fast food chains like Taco Bell, KFC and Pizza Hut) and McDonald's.
And while the workers' wages have shrunk in buying power for three years, the corporations have recovered: 92 percent of the 50 biggest low-wage employers were profitable last year, three-fourths earning more overall revenue than before the financial crisis, and 63 percent showing higher profit margins. The one-percenters are also doing fine: CEO pay at the top 50 averaged $9.4 million last year.
Jobs in the low-wage sectors—food service; accommodation; retail; arts, entertainment and recreation; and administrative services—have expanded faster than in other sectors and will make up the vast majority of jobs in the near future. And that "teen" working for the big corporation? As noted, educational achievement has increased, so that 42 percent have attended some college or more, according to Doug Hall, director of the Economic Analysis and Research Network of EPI. Hall also found that 56 percent are white, 54 percent work full-time, and 53 percent are part of families earning less than $40,000 a year. These are families that need and deserve a raise.
A minimum wage increase to $10 an hour, indexed to inflation, makes sense economically, socially, ethically, and even politically. In a poll earlier this year, 73 percent of likely voters supported such an increase. But that doesn't mean Prince Jackson's son can count on help with college from their father just yet.
States that send arms to Syria face upheavals and unrest due to sectarian violence, their stability will be in jeopardy and the state of affairs will be no better than in Syria, warned Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Al-Maliki in an interview to RT.
"He who starts a fire will be destroyed by fire in the end,” Al-Maliki stated, predicting that sponsorship of the Syrian opposition will backfire on supporting states.
RT: What do Iraq and Russia have in common in terms of their approach to the Syrian crisis; and do you think the two countries can come up with a joint proposal on how to settle it?
Nouri Al-Maliki: Of course, the crisis is a matter of serious concern both for the countries in the region and for the world's major powers. And it's not only countries – this issue has been on the agenda of many international organizations. We have repeatedly said that we take the Syrian crisis as our own problem. It is a very important country, with its own political position. We did warn everyone earlier – and keep reminding – that the fire that started in Syria will spill over the borders to engulf other countries of the region and, in the end, it will have a global impact. The Middle East is one of the major energy producers of the world.
Just like Russia, we believe that the use of force cannot be a solution to the crisis. Many other countries now share this approach, even those that used to think that supplying arms to the opposition would be sufficient to generate regime change. They now recognize that it is impossible to settle the Syrian crisis through the use of force. This is also Russia's position.
Russia, Iraq and many other countries are united in their conviction that force will not end the crisis in Syria – we need to look for a peaceful solution through political dialogue. It is our joint task – I mean Iraq, Russia and the whole international community – to help both sides find common ground, to agree on a mutually-acceptable form of government.
This new government must be based on the principles of freedom and democracy. The Syrians must have the right to vote, they must have a Constitution. These are the things that the Syrian people demanded when they started the revolution. But of course, not everybody in Syria agrees with these demands, some groups don't think that reforms are needed. We've heard different statements and demands. Of course dialogue will continue, because we are very much concerned about what's going on in Syria. We have been seriously affected by the situation in Syria. We have experienced some spillover effects of the Syrian crisis here in Iraq.
We will discuss this issue with our Russian counterparts; we will talk about possible ways to make existing initiatives effective, including the original peace plan put forward by the Arab League, as opposed to the flawed proposals made during the sessions of the ministerial committee and the Geneva agreements. According to them, there is no military solution to the conflict. The agreements call for an end to arms supplies both to the opposition and the regime. Unfortunately, a number of states ignore these initiatives and continue to send arms to Syria, which only makes the situation worse.
This is where Russia, Iraq, China, and many Muslim and Arab countries in the region agree. It is our duty to address this issue and try to find ways out of this turmoil which, we are afraid, might turn into a fully-fledged regional war.
RT: How would you assess the calls by some countries, especially Arab countries that have the support of the West, for military intervention in order to resolve the crisis in Syria?
NM: I'd give them a piece of brotherly advice: “Forget it! They who starts a fire will be destroyed by fire in the end.” Those who want Syria to follow this path have to understand that it will destroy the Syrian people. This is what's happening in Syria right now. Cities lie in ruins, the war rages on and is likely to spill over involving new actors – international, regional, religious and political ones. If they care about themselves and their people, if they seek stability and security, if they care about Syria and its people, they have to stop sowing the seeds of discord by supplying arms. They also have to stop thinking it will be them who will shape Syria's future.
I met with several representatives of the Syrian opposition and I felt they understand the threat that is coming from the Arab forces that provide them with weapons. These forces openly declare that they want to interfere in Syria's affairs. But the Syrian nation is against it.
RT: Do you share the view that it's foreign interference in Syria's affairs that's made the situation in the country so dangerous?
NM: Absolutely. And they will keep driving it to an even more dangerous degree until eventually it will backfire on the states that are now sponsoring the Syrian opposition. All these states will face upheavals and unrest due to sectarian violence, foreign interference, the spillover effect and expansion. They're already feeling it. If these countries keep sending arms and using force for a regime change, their stability will be in jeopardy, and the situation inside these countries will be no better than in Syria.
RT: What do you think about the “national partnership government”? Is this the best form of governance to help to move Iraq forward or are there any negative aspects that make that government less effective? What do you think of “the majority government”, something many other countries rely on?
NM: A partnership government has exhausted both its capacity and agenda. It was necessary during previous stages, but not any longer. Right now everyone, even the people of Iraq, feel that the regime of national partnership keeps our hands tied, hinders our development, stands in the way of the breakthrough that Iraq could make in the development of infrastructure, the services sector and economic recovery.
We hear more and more voices now, in our society and in parliament, calling for a shift to a majority government, to make parliament united so that it can pass decisions and laws that would help to rule the state; because right now the government is paralyzed. It can't do anything. The partnership originally built to pursue a major breakthrough has now degraded to a partnership that generates obstacles. Because of that we need a majority government, and I am working hard to make it a reality.
RT: Both the Iraqi government and its citizens still suffer from regular terror attacks. Who is behind this violence – international players interfering in your affairs or Al-Qaeda militants opposing the political process? Or are there any other reasons that the Iraqi people are not aware of? Why is it so hard to take out these armed groups that are still out there?
NM: Violence continues and it's been down to all the factors you have mentioned. Foreign intervention is fully underway. What they want to do is to use these acts of violence to prepare for the next, post-Syrian stage. It's the same states that are now interfering in Syria. They are sending arms and militants there, over and over again. Their goal is to change Syria, then Iraq, and ultimately the entire region. Also, Al-Qaeda is back, it came to life again – regrettably, as part of the Arab Spring. It flooded the streets in the capitals of Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen. Its slogans, groups and terrorist attacks are clear signs of its revival, and Iraq couldn't escape that. And those states that are interfering won't escape it either.
But the really embarrassing thing is that the national partnership government cannot be effective in the fight against terrorism. That's the problem. When your partner supports both security measures and terrorist acts, you get problems. I wouldn't like to go into detail now. I am only saying that this is one of the downsides to the national partnership. How can we expect security agencies to control the situation when the government's own money, arms, transport, and the nature of the government are used to support those seeking to carry out terrorist attacks?
RT: Mr. Maliki, when Iraq was about to buy F-16 fighter jets, Iraqi Kurds, along with some neighboring states, including the Gulf countries voiced their concerns over the future deal. Are these concerns justified? And can they be allayed?
NM: They are totally unsubstantiated. These people might still have old stereotypes of Iraq that go back to the times of dictatorship that were characterized by reckless operations, wars and invasions. Some regimes, both big and small, still have expansionist ambitions. Sadly, they have learned no lessons from Saddam Hussein's experience. They had it all: troops and offensive capabilities, but the end of their career was a disaster. These people still believe that just like in the past, Iraq is still capable of invading its neighbors, concocting conspiracies, attacking other countries like Iran, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia or slaughtering people in its southern or northern regions.
But today Iraq is a different country. It does not wage war on its own people. The Kurds who believe that Iraq is taking up arms to fight them are seriously deluded.
These talks are no more than political maneuvering used to make up for the mistakes and failures of the past. These countries are aware that present-day Iraq has nothing in common with the dictatorship of the past. It is a democratic country which is against the use of force, as set forth in the laws adopted by its parliament. Generally speaking, our main principle is non-interference in the affairs of other states. But we would like this to be a two-way street.
But the reality is that Iraq is located in an arms-infested region. All the neighboring states have impressive arsenals of modern weapons. Even the smaller states in the region have more weapons than Iraq, a large state with a rich history. Iraq is entitled to self-defense, so it has the right to use different armaments to protect its sovereignty. And so it can have the same weapons as other countries who claim they need the same weapons as Iraq to defend their sovereignty.
I would like to allay their concerns by saying that Iraq is not interested in offensive weapons, only defensive ones. Indeed, we would like to have very strong defensive weapons to repel any attack on Iraq's sovereignty. But primitive weapons won't be enough. What we need is something very strong and absolutely sophisticated to counter any possible aggression. This would make anyone who plans to breach our sovereignty to think twice before attacking Iraq.
RT: Mr Prime Minister, as commander-in-chief, when do you expect Iraq's armed forces to reach combat readiness in terms of the size of personnel and materials?
NM: We already have the number of troops that we need, but we are still working on the list of weapons and hardware. We are receiving weapons supplies from the US, former Soviet nations and possibly from Russia, too, in line with the contracts that we signed earlier. However, we expect to ensure maximum defensive capabilities by 2020, according to the plans we have at the moment. By that time we expect to re-equip the armed forces with powerful weapons to protect Iraq on land and in the air. So currently we would still be able to defend the nation but our capabilities need to be maintained and further improved.
The NFL Draft, one of the bigger events of the year for football fans, is dissected about a hundred different ways. That wasn't always the case — hype and nonstop coverage has grown exponentially in the age of social media.
MORE: Guys who fell in the draft, and fell hard
If something strange happens in this era of the NFL Draft — as exemplified by the Laremy Tunsil saga — it will be on Vine or Twitter in less than a minute. The craziest happenings back in the day may have slipped through the cracks without the social safety net, and that's why we're bringing them back to light.
So beginning with Tunsil and traveling through time to John Wayne's draft day, here are the strangest moments in draft history.
Barry Carter shares some insights into the mental game leaks that make Spin & Go fun for recreational players and profitable for pros.
I've taken a bit more interest in Spin & Go recently after we partnered with SpinLegends. I've always like the format because I think it really suits recreational players in its simplicity, brevity and the enticing potential top prizes.
I've been playing a lot more of them as a result and, given my personal interest in the mental side of poker, I think they are particularly interesting from a mental game perspective. I say this not as a pro, but as a recreational player. I've been reading a lot lately about the psychology of what makes video games enjoyable and Spin & Go fit a lot of the characteristics.
The key to them, from a mental game perspective, seems to be being able to ignore the multipliers. Being motivated to play the standard x2 prize pool games and not letting the multiplier games cloud your judgement. I think the reason why they are profitable and popular is because the average recreational player, like myself, puts too much emphasis on the multipliers.
A game within the game
I've often said that we need to make poker enjoyable for players who are losing. Everyone has fun when they win but if you can walk away from a poker session with a smile on your face even when you lose, that is what will keep the poker economy healthy. I usually talk about this in the context of pro players being good company at the tables. I think the Spin & Go multiplier format is a way to make poker a little bit more fun regardless of outcome.
That moment when the wheel spins and you don't know what prize pool you are playing for is like a mini casino game in itself. Thankfully unlike a casino game, you don't wager any money on the spin itself, and as long as you are happy playing for the x2 prize pool, it's a freeroll of sorts.
For some recreational players, the game is over when they find out they are playing for a standard x2 prize pool, which is great news for the serious players. It is remarkable how frequently you see a player call all in with rags the very first hand, which I attribute in some part to them being disappointed with the multiplier and wanting to spin again.
A sense of winning
Likewise, it's quite exciting when you get that bigger multiplier game, even when it's just a x4 game. I actually think a lot of players feel like they've ‘won' just because they are playing in these games, even if they don't win the game itself.
Just as you see crazy play in the x2 games because the players want another spin, I think you likewise see a lot of overly nitty play in the multiplier games because you are playing for a more meaningful prize pool, one that doesn't come around all the time. This is where you see play as if there is an ICM component to the game, when it is actually a winner-takes-all format. Again, this is good news for the serious players.
To those of you who hate Spin & Go and consider it casino gambling, this article will probably do nothing to change your opinion. But as a self confessed recreational player I hope I have shined some light on why these games are potentially fun for us, and profitable for the pros, in equal measure.
NBC 7's Alex Presha reports the latest updates on the 30 illegal immigrants who attempted crossing the Tijuana border through and underground tunnel in Otay Mesa. (Published Monday, Aug. 28, 2017)
Thirty undocumented immigrants suspected of trying to cross into the United States from Mexico through a hidden tunnel spanning the border were detained by authorities in San Diego early Saturday.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agent Eduardo Olmos told NBC 7 that U.S. Border Patrol agents spotted the large group at around 1:30 a.m. near the Otay Mesa Port of Entry in south San Diego County, near the border crossing bridge off Britannia Boulevard and Otay Pacific Drive.
Hidden Border Tunnel Found at Otay Mesa Crossing
When the suspects realized they had been seen by the agents, many of them tried to flee by going back into the mouth of a tunnel that investigators said had been constructed for the purpose of illegally smuggling undocumented immigrants from Mexico into the U.S.
Border agents followed the group and detained several on the surface of the tunnel at Drucker Lane and Siempre Viva Road; others were detained inside the tunnel, officials said.
Of those detained, 23 were Chinese nationals and seven were Mexican nationals. They are now in the custody of U.S. Border Patrol pending further questioning.
10 Pounds of Meth Found on Bus, in Teens' Luggage
According to investigators, the tunnel began in a building on Calle Mar Barmejo in the Garita de Otay area in Tijuana, approximately 328 feet south of the U.S.-Mexico border in San Diego and three miles from the border crossing bridge.
Mexican authorities are working the investigation on that side, at the building, trying to determine who is responsible for the build-out and operation of the smuggling tunnel.
On the U.S. side, at least one agent was seen Saturday manning the tunnel's exit, which was located just north of the secondary fence in the vicinity of the Otay Mesa Port of Entry. Olmos said CBP agents would stay in the area as long as needed to aid in the investigation.
As of 4 p.m., Olmos said no drugs had been discovered inside the tunnel.
Members of the San Diego Tunnel Task Force, led by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), are currently on scene investigating.
ICE spokesperson Virginia Kice sent this statement to NBC 7 about the tunnel, which read, in part:
"While subterranean tunnels are not a new occurrence along the California-Mexico border, they are more commonly utilized by transnational criminal organizations to smuggle narcotics. However, as this case demonstrates, law enforcement has also identified instances where such tunnels were used to facilitate human smuggling.
The probe into the newly discovered tunnel is ongoing and members of the San Diego Tunnel Task Force are coordinating closely with their law enforcement counterparts in Mexico on the investigation. Preliminarily it appears this latest tunnel may be an extension of an incomplete tunnel previously discovered and seized by Mexican authorities."
Customs and Border Patrol officials told NBC 7 in the last two years there has been an uptick in nationals from countries other than Mexico trying to enter the country illegally.
After a three-hour delay as Georgia prison officials waited for the United States Supreme Court to rule on last-ditch appeals, Robert Wayne Holsey was executed by lethal injection on Tuesday night.
Earlier on Tuesday, the Georgia Supreme Court rejected the argument by Mr. Holsey's lawyers that the state's unusually strict standard for judging mental disability violated the Constitution.
The lawyers immediately appealed to the Supreme Court in Washington for a stay. But in a terse note issued some 45 minutes later than the originally scheduled execution time of 7 p.m., the court said the petition, based on the claim about Georgia's disability standard, had been denied. Justices Stephen G. Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor would have granted the request, the notice said.
The defense lawyers then filed an unusual second request for a delay, which the Supreme Court turned down around 10 p.m., allowing the lethal injection procedure to commence.
Spread the love
Amidst a global media blackout of Anonymous' ongoing worldwide attacks on the “corrupt banking cartels,” the hacking collective has now taken down some of the most prestigious institutions in global governance. OpIcarus has recently taken offline the World Bank, the New York Stock Exchange, five U.S. Federal Reserve Banks and the Vatican.
After announcing a global call to arms against the “corrupt global banking cartel,” the hacker collective, known as Anonymous, have taken more than 30 central banks offline, including striking many targets at the heart of the Western imperialist empire.
An Anonymous press release explained the intention behind the operation:
“The banks have been getting away with murder, fraud, conspiracy, war profiteering, money laundering for terrorists and drug cartels, have put millions of people out on the street without food or shelter and have successfully bought all our governments to help keep us silenced. We represent the voice of the voiceless. We are uniting to make a stand. The central banks which were attacked in recent days were attacked to remind people that the biggest threat we face to an open and free society is the banks. The bankers are the problem and #OpIcarus is the solution.”
Operation Icarus was relaunched in conjunction with a video release announcing the beginning of a “30-day campaign against central bank sites across the world.” Since that time, the scope and magnitude of the attacks have increased exponentially, with Anonymous, and help from Ghost Squad Hackers, a number of Sec groups and BannedOffline coordinating attacks — each focusing on separate financial institutions in an effort to maximize the number of targets hit.
In a previous interview with the Free Thought Project, an Anonymous representative clarified that the operation is in no way intended to impact individuals accounts held within the banks, explaining that OpIcarus is directed solely at the 1% perpetuating injustice:
“We would just like to make it very clear that all targets of #OpIcarus have been Rothschild and BIS central owned banks. In fact most of the targets so far such as Guernsey, Cyprus, Panama, Jordan, British Virgin Isles, etc are in the top 10 places of tax havens for the elite. No on-line consumer accounts were harmed, no ATM's were blocked and no personal client data was leaked. This has been a protest against the Central Banks and the 1% — no innocent or poor people were harmed”
The operation began with an initial attack on the Central Bank of Greece and was quickly followed up with a similar DDoS attack on the Central Bank of Cyprus. The hackers then targeted the Central Bank of the Dominican Republic, the Dutch Central Bank, the Central Bank of the Maldives, and Guernsey Financial Services Commission, according to the official @OpIcarus Twitter account, which has been taken offline — presumably by Twitter. The National Bank of Panama and the Central Bank of Kenya were also reportedly targeted a day later, according to hacking news publication HackRead.
Additionally, reported Ghost Squad Hacker, s1ege also tweeted about taking the Central Bank of Bosnia-Herzegovina offline and provided a screenshot to verify. The Twitter account @BannedOffline also reported the Central Bank of Mexico had succumbed to a DDoS attack by the hacking collective. The online hacktivist groups have continued to conduct a series of high-powered distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks, which forced the website of Central Bank of Jordan, Central Bank of South Korea, Bank of Compagnie, Monegasque and the Central Bank of Montenegro offline.
Last Saturday, hackers conducted a series of 250 Gbps DDoS attacks on the Bank of France, Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates, Central Bank of Tunisia, Central Bank of Trinidad and Tobago and Philippine National Bank. That was followed up by an attack on the Central Bank of Iraq.
The initial attacks were reported in global corporate media, such as Reuters, with subsequent strikes being reported by independent outlets such as the IBTimes and HackRead. The most recent press release from Anonymous summarized some of the attacks of the past week, as global media has curiously stopped reporting on the attacks altogether.
Greetings citizens of the world, we are OpIcarus a collective of citizens from around the globe working on exposing the 1% through the global banking systems. The elite are responsible for the corruption currently taking place in all governments, media, drug cartels, sex trafficking and money laundering. This last week we have had success in taking down the banking systems of the Bank of International Settlements, the World Bank, the Vatican, Morocco, Macedonia as well as the Central Bank of Venezuela. We stand with the people of Venezuela as they protest their corrupt government and all should expect our support through operations during these uprisings wherever they may arise. We are the people, We stand with the people, We support the people.
After announcing OpIcarus at the beginning of May, Anonymous released a list of institutions the collective plans to target, which is divided into four sections — websites associated with the U.S. Federal Reserve, the International Monetary Fund (IMF), sites owned by the World Bank, and over 150 sites associated with national banks around the globe.
In just a few weeks, OpIcarus hackers have hit dozens of financial institutions listed in their online manifesto. Any questions about whether the hacktivists would be able to take out some of the more high-profile institutions seem to have been answered with the recent successful attacks on the World Bank, the U.S. Federal Reserve Banks, the Bank of France and the Bank of England — the central banks of the U.K. and France – and the Vatican.
The attack on the Bank of England was unique from the previous attacks, as it reportedly took down the internal email server.
While some have questioned the effectiveness of OpIcarus, senior director at Corero Network Security, Stephanie Weagle told Info Security magazine:
“While the impact on the individual targets of the DDoS attack campaign, ‘OpIcarus' is unclear; obstructing or eliminating the availability of email servers is significant. In an online world any type of service outage is barely tolerated, especially in the banking industry where transactions and communications are often time-sensitive, and account security is of utmost importance.”
In the world of high finance, time is money and every minute that a bank is forced offline it is losing potential revenue, which in turn hurts the bottom line of those that support the imperial war machine. Thus far, all targeted banks have refused to comment on the damage inflicted by the continuous cyberattacks.
Make no mistake that this operation has already been extremely effective — evolving and growing rapidly. The fact that global corporate media is refusing to report on these numerous high-profile attacks is indicative of the fear the 1% have of OpIcarus garnering massive public support. The attempt to conceal the scope and breadth of this operation from public purview reveals the visceral fear the elite harbor toward those they prey upon. It seems the only thing the ruling class can do now is attempt to conceal and suppress the information about what's transpiring in hopes of keeping the populace ignorant.
HOTCHKISS — Trains loaded with shiny black coal used to generate electricity are thundering out of Colorado's North Fork Valley again — as many as two a day — raising hopes for the mining comeback President Donald Trump promised on the campaign trail.
The coal carved from deep under pristine forests in the last surviving West Elk Mine is bound for other countries to be burned. Environmentalists, worried about global warming, are steamed. But laid-off Colorado miners see the trains as a signal that they might get back to work.
Those train cars reflect a roughly sevenfold increase from two trains a week last year, when statewide coal production hit record lows. Colorado mines produced about 12.8 million tons of coal in 2016, down from 18.7 million the year before, according to Colorado Division of Reclamation, Mining and Safety data. Since 2004, coal production is down 67 percent. Coal jobs have dwindled to about 1,200 statewide from 2,118 in 2003, when Colorado ranked among the top U.S. coal producers.
Even coal industry executives acknowledge the rise of wind, solar and gas as cheaper, cleaner alternatives that employ more workers and questioning whether a comeback is possible.
Yet the rumbling, clanging and flashing lights as coal trains snake down the valley promise otherwise — music to many in western Colorado, where coal once sustained a solid middle class. Tourism hasn't paid as well, and residents are resisting a full embrace of the marijuana boom. Voters here strongly backed Trump after their Oct. 18 campaign rally in a Grand Junction airport hangar, where they promised to put coal miners in Colorado back to work.
“My husband and I love that man. It's going to be a good year,” Hotchkiss Inn manager Kris Bartol said, sharing their cellphone videos of Trump. They and their husband, Andy, miss the income they once had from mining contractors who rented a block of rooms.
Over the past few months, the number of unemployed miners trekking into the Compliance Staffing Agency, which helps mines fill positions, has tripled to 15 a week, CSA president Steve West said. “Some are just not finding anything else. They're saying that, with Trump, they might find work now. They think the industry might be coming back.”
Starting their sedan in Somerset, coal miner's daughter Myrna Ungaro lamented how, after two mines closed last year, “this valley died, the shops, the restaurants.” Yet now the loaded coal trains soothe and inspire them in their own search for work, Ungaro said. “This is the way it's supposed to be.”
There are indeed signs. West Elk manager Jim Miller has hired a few miners, mostly temporary, bringing the workforce to about 220. Corporate parent Arch Coal emerged from bankruptcy in December. Federal forest managers, pressed by Colorado officials, finalized an exception to the nation's rule for protecting “roadless” forests, clearing an obstacle for the West Elk Mine to expand and produce more coal.
Arch Coal spokesperson Logan Bonacorsi confirmed contracts locked through the first half of this year supplying “international markets.” Arch and West Elk officials wouldn't say more.
Any expansion is likely to face resistance.
“Mining and burning more coal will mean more smog, more toxic mercury in the air, more needless methane emissions and more climate pollution,” EarthJustice attorney Ted Zukoski said. “We're going to continue to oppose coal mining that puts our forests, wildlife and climate at risk.”
Colorado Mining Association president Stan Dempsey said Trump's drive to dismantle environmental regulations will be crucial. “We've bottomed out. We're seeing a stabilization in Colorado. We're seeing a slow increase in production. If we don't see any more boneheaded policy decisions, such as Colorado's 2010 Clean Air Clean Jobs Act, then coal is going to make a strong recovery.”
But energy industry analysts — pointing to the overall drop in production and the federal and state efforts to close coal-fired power plants — contend coal still will fade in favor of the cleaner, cheaper alternatives. Even as Trump posed at the White House with coal miners and ordered dismantling of the Clean Power Plan to cut heat-trapping carbon pollution, a technology shift away from coal continued with more plants shutting each month.
A Chinese government curb on coal production in China, driven by air pollution and domestic economy concerns, drove up the price of coal to make U.S. exports profitable, said Clark Williams-Derry of the Seattle-based Sightline Institute energy think tank.
“What you're seeing now is just a temporary uptick due to Chinese policy and higher natural gas prices. Be cautious,” Williams-Derry said. “We're now at the mercy of Chinese policymakers. All the optimism in the world isn't going to reverse the tide of this shift.”
Colorado coal-fired power plants still will close as scheduled, and uprooted coal miners will need help, Gov. John Hickenlooper said after White House officials announced they would kill the national Clean Power Plan.
“He cannot force people to spend more money to mine more coal,” Hickenlooper said.
Here in the North Fork Valley, Oxbow Mining president Mike Ludlow, a 44-year coal industry veteran who ran the now-closed Elk Creek Mine, contends the current export surge will at most slow the pace of decline. If any coal mine can survive competition from cheaper clean sources, they said, it would be the West Elk, “a really, really well-run mine.”
“But, even with Trump, I don't see any utility trying to permit a new coal-fired facility. When wind is blowing, that is low-cost energy. Utilities are going to want to take low-cost energy,” they said. “With the coal for power plants being shut down, it will never come back.”
State agencies have pumped about $4 million in grants to help unemployed miners and their families adapt, said Delta County Administrator Robbie LeValley, who has championed economic diversification. Hickenlooper touts faster internet connections as a key, and about 20 former miners were hired to install fiber-optic cables in Hotchkiss and other towns, LeValley said.
Hundreds of laid-off miners moved out of the valley to work in other states, they said. “Some of their families are still living here. A couple went back to school.”
County officials are “certainly optimistic” to see increasing numbers of coal trains and hope for steady employment of about 250 miners if the West Elk can expand, LeValley said. “The capacity that the West Elk has certainly will benefit our area. But we're still down by two of three mines. And the full suite of environmental regulations and production constraints are still in place.”
Railroad transport costs, they added, weigh more heavily on Arch Coal now because other companies that once shared costs have gone out of business.
Since 1864, coal mining in western Colorado has built communities and helped create a shared identity, pride and purpose. Miners could afford to buy homes. Miners' families had lifestyles including recreation using snowmobiles, boats and all-terrain vehicles. As many as six mines operated in the valley. Over the past two years, more than 1,000 jobs disappeared. Longtime residents speak of an emptiness.
The sound of coal trains rolling past the Living Farm Cafe in Paonia “is comforting,” server Casey Branson said. “Honestly, I would be OK if all of the coal jobs came back.”
Even if they don't, a feeling that Trump will do everything possible puts people who have been hurting in a more positive mood.
“I'm not sure how much one president can do,” said Wanda Buskirk, office manager for the Ragged Mountain Fire Protection District, whose husband worked in a coal mine and now has leukemia.
Trump may not be able to fully deliver on their promise to reverse coal's decline, they said. “There are still two other branches of government involved. But I hope so.”
The East Coast's busiest port system ground to a halt on Friday as thousands of longshoremen in New York and New Jersey walked off the job, threatening to disrupt the delivery of goods throughout the region.
The walkout caught many people involved with port operations by surprise, and the reasons behind the action remained shrouded in intrigue, with even officials at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which acts as a landlord for the ports, struggling to understand the situation.
While union officials issued statements saying that the action was a result of a dispute with the Waterfront Commission of New York Harbor, a government agency, over its authority to oversee hiring practices on the docks, two officials familiar with the operation of the port suggested that it may be a backlash against a federal criminal investigation into the union's leadership.
“It was totally unannounced and unexpected by anyone,” one of the officials said.
Over the years, the union, its leaders and its members have been targets of investigators. The current inquiry — which is being conducted by the Waterfront Commission, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the office of the United States attorney in New Jersey, Paul J. Fishman — is focused on some of the union's leaders, according to one official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss a continuing investigation.
ABOUT US
A PRIVATE CLINIC TRUSTED BY 30,000+ PATIENTS
We are more than just a medical marijuana evaluation center. We are an actual general practice doctor's office (Steady Care Medical) that offers a wide range of medical services.
If you believe medical marijuana can improve your quality of life, do not hesitate to obtain your doctor's medical card online at OnlineMedicalCard.com.
• 100% HIPAA Compliant
• 100% Private
• 100% Legal
• 24/7 Verification
Walk-ins & appointments also accepted!
BBB A+ RATING
We've been operating since 2001 and take pride in the level of service we offer. This is reflected in our A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau.
GET YOUR RECOMMENDATION TODAY
Go to OnlineMedicalCard.com to get access to medical marijuana in minutes. We guarantee your medical card (doctor recommendation) will allow you to purchase medical cannabis today.
WHY CHOOSE ONLINEMEDICALCARD.COM?
• Extremely Fast Service
We've streamlined the whole process to make it as easy as 1-2-3. You will literally be able to get access to medical cannabis in 10 minutes or less.
• 100% Mobile-Friendly
Use your iPhone or Android device to video chat with one of our online doctors, every day from 10am to 10pm.
• 100% Money-Back Guarantee
You are only charged if you are approved, however if for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, simply call us at 888-988-8420 or email us at contact@onlinemedicalcard.com to obtain a full refund.
• Receive Your Printable Rec Now by Email and Mail
You will immediately receive your printable recommendation letter (PDF) and we will also immediately ship you a hardcopy with an embossed seal (allow 1-3 business days for delivery).
• Speak to Actual Human Beings
We take pride in offering Californians unparalleled care and compassion. If you have any questions or concerns, you will always be able to call in and speak to a human being; not just leave a message or email.
The birth of the first white child is a widely used concept to mark the establishment of a European colony in the New World, especially in the historiography of the United States. In Texas, the birth of the first white child is recorded in local histories on the county level.[1]
Americas [ edit ]
Snorri Thorfinnsson (probably born between 1005 and 1013) was the son of Thorfinnur Karlsefni and Gudrídur Þorbjarnardottir. Generally known to their contemporaries as Snorri Gudrídsson, as their mother outlived their father, was born in Vinland, making them the first European documented to be born in North America.
Continental United States [ edit ]
Martín de Argüelles, Jr., born in the Spanish colony of St. Augustine, Florida, was the first white child known to be born in what is now the continental United States.[2] Born in 1566, their father was a hidalgo and one of the expeditioners who went to New Spain with Captain General Pedro Menéndez de Avilés in 1565. St. Augustine, Florida, is also the oldest continuously occupied European-founded city anywhere in the United States excluding Puerto Rico.[3]
British, Dutch and Swedish colonies [ edit ]
Virginia Dare, born in 1587 at the Roanoke Colony, was the first child born in North America to English parents, and their memory was celebrated in the British colonies. Peregrine White, born aboard the Mayflower at Provincetown Harbor in 1620, was the first Pilgrim birth.[3] Sarah Rapelje, born on June 6, 1625, was the first white child born in New Netherland in what is now New York state.[4][5] Born in 1659, Kristian Gaapstörm was the first white child born in New Sweden.
Canada [ edit ]
Hélène Desportes is often cited as the first white child born in New France, in what would later be Canada. They were born probably 1620, to Pierre Desportes and Françoise Langlois, although there is some disagreement about whether they were born in Quebec or before their family arrived on the continent in 1614. Hélène's maternal aunt was the mother of Eustache Martin, born in October 1621 in Quebec to Abraham Martin and Marguerite Langlois.[6]
Jonathan Guy, the son of Newfoundland settler Nicholas Guy, was the first child born to Anglophone parents in Canada, and one of the first born in any part of North America within a permanent settlement. They were born on 27 March 1613 in Cuper's Cove, a settlement that has been continuously occupied since 1610 and where their family remained long after their birth[7]
At Port Royal, Acadia in 1636, Pierre Martin and Catherine Vigneau, who had arrived on the passenger ship Saint Jehan along with 78 other migrants, were the first European parents to have a child in Acadia. The first-born child was Mathieu Martin. In part because of this distinction, Mathieu Martin later became the Seigneur of Cobequid (1699).[8]
Oceania [ edit ]
Australia [ edit ]
Seebaer van Nieuwelant (born 27 July 1623), son of Willemtgen and Willem Janszoon, was born south of Dirk Hartog Island, in present-day Western Australia. Their father, not to be confused with the earlier Dutch explorer of the same name, was a midshipman from Amsterdam. They and their wife were aboard the Leijden, commanded by Claes Hermanszoon, which was charting the coast at the time. Their son's name in Dutch meant "sea-born (or sea-birth) of new land".[9]
New Zealand [ edit ]
The first European birth in New Zealand was Thomas Holloway King at the Rangihoua Bay settlement on February 21, 1815.[10][11]
Fiji [ edit ]
Novelist Joan Lindsay states [12]that their mother-in-law, Janey Lindsay, was the first white child to be born in Fiji. They were born Jane Elizabeth Williams to the missionary Thomas Williams, and became the matriarch of an artistic family, including Daryl Lindsay (born 1889).
Africa [ edit ]
Rhodesia [ edit ]
Nada Burnham (May 1894 – May 19, 1896), daughter of the celebrated American scout Frederick Russell Burnham, was the first white child born in Bulawayo and died of fever and starvation during the Siege of Bulawayo in the Second Matabele War.[13][14] They were buried in the Pioneer Cemetery, plot #144, in Bulawayo, Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe).[15] Nada is the Zulu word for lily and they were named after the hero in Sir H. Rider Haggard's Zulu tale, Nada the Lily (1892). Three of Haggard's books are posthumously dedicated to her: The Wizard (1896), Elissa: The Doom of Zimbabwe (1899), and Black Heart and White Heart: A Zulu Idyll (1900).[16][17] Haggard's dedication reads: To the Memory of the Child: Nada Burnham, who "bound all to her" and, while their father cut their way through the hordes of the Ingobo Regiment, perished of the hardships of war at Buluwayo on 19 May 1896, I dedicate these tales—and more particularly the last, that of a Faith which triumphed over savagery and death.[16]
The first white baby born in Rhodesia was named Unwin Moffat. They were the son of the missionary John Smith Moffat & their wife Emily, née Unwin. The child was born on the 18th of December 1858. The Moffats had eleven children between 1858 and 1871. One of their sons, Howard Unwin Moffat, became premier of S. Rhodesia in 1927.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Atlanta's former fire chief isn't taking their termination sitting down. He's kept their name in the news, rallied support, and just filed a federal lawsuit against the city and its mayor.
Last year, Kelvin Cochran self-published a religious-themed book that identified themselves as the City of Atlanta's Fire Chief, which they are. They also reportedly handed out and discussed the book with city employees who reported to him, including its exceptionally controversial anti-gay passages.
The book, Who Told You That You Were Naked?, currently selling on Amazon, includes lies and rhetoric about LGBT people, including comparing them to people who have sex with children and animals.
"Uncleanness," in Cochran's book, is described as "whatever is opposite of purity; including sodomy, homosexuality, lesbianism, pederasty, bestiality, all other forms of sexual perversion."
In November, Chief Cochran was suspended from their job by Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed. When they returned, Mayor Reed fired him.
Reed was quite clear that Cochran was fired not for their religious beliefs, but for publishing the book without having the city's ethics commission clear it, as its city policy, and for their behavior during their suspension.
"His religious (beliefs) are not the basis of the problem," Mayor Reed said about Cochran's firing. "His judgment is the basis of the problem."
"When you have more than 1,000 people working under your command, you can't go around publicly suggesting that some of them are perverts on a par with those who indulge in bestiality or child sexual abuse, as Cochran did in a self-published book. When you serve as a top manager in a government that has pledged not to discriminate on the grounds of sexual orientation, you can't suggest to workers that such discrimination might be justified, as Cochran did by distributing copies of that book to their subordinates."
But Cochran, ignoring the stated facts of their firing, has successfully grabbed headlines and the support of some of the nation's top anti-gay and religious activists.
Today, through their attorneys at the Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF), Cochran filed a federal lawsuit (PDF) claiming religious discrimination and civil rights violations.  They are suing to be given their job back, along with back pay and damages for suffering and emotional distress.
The lawsuit claims Cochran's firing "sends the message that Christians that share Cochran's beliefs are not eligible for City employment simply as a result of their religious faith."
It also states that "Cochran as a Christian and member of a Christian church belongs to a protected class," and claims the Mayor and the City "terminated Cochran because of their religious belief and viewpoint against same-sex marriage and the morality of homosexual conduct."
Image via Wikimedia
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Talk about a Eureka moment. Scientists at Sandia National Labs, seeking a means to create cheap and abundant hydrogen to power a hydrogen economy, realized they could use the same technology to "reverse-combust" CO2 back into fuel. Researchers still have to improve the efficiency of the system, but they recently demonstrated a working prototype of their "Sunshine to Petrol" machine that converts waste CO2 to carbon monoxide, and then syngas, consuming nothing but solar energy.
The device, boasting the simple title Counter-Rotating-Ring Receiver Reactor Recuperator (we'll go with "CR5") sets off a thermo-chemical reaction by exposing an iron-rich composite to concentrated solar heat. The composite sheds an oxygen molecule when heated and gets one back as it cools, and therein lies the eureka.
The cylindrical metal CR5 is divided into hot and cold chambers. Solar energy heats the hot chamber to a scorching 2,700 degrees, hot enough to force the iron oxide composite to lose oxygen atoms. The composite is then thrust into the cool chamber, which is filled with carbon dioxide. As it cools, the iron oxide snatches back its lost oxygen atoms, leaving behind carbon monoxide.
The same process can also produce raw hydrogen by pumping water rather than CO2 into the cool chamber. Hydrogen and carbon monoxide can then be blended into syngas, a replacement for current hydrocarbon-based combustibles like gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. While it's not a total solution for carbon emissions -- syngas, after all, burns right back into CO2 -- it is an alternative to sequestering carbon underground, where it benefits no one.
CO2 recycling could be used to trap waste carbon from factories and power plants and return that energy to productive use, rather than releasing it into the air, where it can cause problems science doesn't even yet fully understand. The next step for the team is to increase the process's efficiency to twice that of natural photosynthesis. A market-ready CR5 device is still more than a decade away, but the idea of taking our waste carbon and turning it directly back into fuel using nothing but abundant solar rays is tantalizing, to say the least.
[Sandia National Laboratories via Technology Review]
Hillary Clinton is known for making a lot of historic “firsts.” First ever rape apologist to be heralded as a feminist icon. First “woman” to snag the Democratic nomination despite a criminal background (see Even Liberal MSNBC: ‘Hillary Should Lose Classified Status'). First moonfaced gorgon to pass as human. Speaking of that criminal background, doesn't seem to have affected their smugness when it comes to silly things like, say, oh, rule of law. They certainly haven't let the recent FBI investigation into their emails stop them from believing that facts don't apply to them
Exhibit Q: Telling Chris Wallace that the FBI Director didn't actually say what they actually said…
Wallace: “Director James Comey said none of those things that you told the American public were true.” Clinton: “That's not what I heard Director Comey say… Director Comey said my answers were truthful, and what I've said is consistent with what I have told the American people, that there were decisions discussed and made to classify retroactively certain of the e-mails. I was communicating with over 300 people in my e-mailing. They certainly did not believe and had no reason to believe that what they were sending was classified. In retrospect, different agencies come in and say, well, it should have been, but that's not what was happening in real time.”
Wallace: “He not only directly contradicted what you said, they also said in that hearing that you were extremely careless and negligent…”
Chris Wallace wasn't having any of it, to which Hillary responded by haggling over what the definition of “is” is. Because words are hard. Which is evident by the train wreck of an explanation they attempted to make at the beginning of the video.
See, this is why people don't trust Hillary. She's shamelessly displayed that she's above the law. We have all the facts lined up, an admission of fault by the FBI on video, yet they still stare the public squarely in the face and lies. The old bat lies like their cackling sack of bones depends on it. Accountability? Meh. That applies to peasants. But remember… She's just like you.
If you happen to be a sociopathic serial liar.
Just another reason…
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
President Donald Trump on Monday removed Anthony Scaramucci from their role as White House communications director just 10 days after bringing them on.
The New York Times first reported, citing three unnamed sources close to the decision, that Trump ousted Scaramucci at the request of newly minted White House chief of staff John Kelly.
Per the New York Times, it was not clear whether Scaramucci would continue to work at the White House or if they would leave the administration altogether.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement that Scaramucci “will be leaving their role as White House Communications Director” and “felt it was best to give Chief of Staff John Kelly a clean slate and the ability to build their own team.”
Scaramucci is the current record-holder for ex-Trump administration employee with the shortest tenure.
Scaramucci's abrupt removal came days after they called a New Yorker reporter to rail against former White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief White House strategist Steve Bannon in eye-poppingly graphic terms.
They called Priebus (who Trump gave the boot two days later) “a fucking paranoid schizophrenic” and claimed Bannon was only interested in media attention for himself.
“I'm not trying to build my own brand off the fucking strength of the President,” Scaramucci said, a profane prefix to one of their more memorable analogies. “I'm not Steve Bannon, I'm not trying to suck my own cock.”
Before Scaramucci went to work for Trump's administration, they burnished their bona fides by making regular appearances on cable news to boost the President.
CNN in June retracted a story reporting that Scaramucci was connected to congressional investigations into a Russian investment fund. Trump quickly pounced on the retraction and subsequent resignation of three employees at the network as proof of their often-repeated claim that CNN is “fake news.”
“It needed to be retracted, otherwise I think I needed to get more aggressive,” Scaramucci said of the story, though they accepted CNN's apology.
They sold their investment firm SkyBridge Capital in January when their name was floated for a White House position, but remained an employee and collected a salary until they started at the Export-Import Bank at the end of June. The sale of SkyBridge Capital was not yet final when Scaramucci joined Trump's administration.
Scaramucci's sudden ascent to the West Wing prompted Sean Spicer to resign as White House press secretary, a long-rumored departure that kicked off Scaramucci's short but turbulent tenure.
Over the course of the 10 days they had the job, Scaramucci made big waves. On day one, they apologized for calling their new boss “another hack politician” in 2015, claimed the White House was “on track” and “doing a really good job” and refused to distance themselves from Trump's baseless claim that millions of illegal votes cost them the popular vote.
They spent day two scrubbing their Twitter of old tweets criticizing Trump, whose campaign they once called a “spectacle,” and praising Hillary Clinton, who they once called “incredibly competent.”
On day three, Scaramucci threatened to “pare down” White House staff if rampant leaks coming out of Trump's administration didn't stop. Later that day, Scaramucci cited an anonymous cybersecurity expert source — “I won't tell you who,” they said — and within moments confessed, “It was the President.”
“There's obviously a communications problem,” Scaramucci said of Trump's administration, in retrospect a prescient summary of their predicament.
Before speculating about Priebus' mental state on the record, Scaramucci appeared to accuse their former colleague last week of committing a “felony” by leaking their publicly available financial disclosure form.
Days before the Senate failed to pass a proposal to repeal Obamacare, Scaramucci compared Republican lawmakers' ongoing efforts to repeal the health care bill to former President Abraham Lincoln's abolition of slavery.
“That was a much tougher thing to get done than what we're working on right now,” they admitted.
Barreling onward, Scaramucci also argued that Trump's taste for “cheeseburgers” and “pizza” disqualified the President from being an elitist. (“Everyone eats cheeseburgers and pizzas, what are you talking about?” a BBC reporter replied.)
Scaramucci's first week on the job made the typically low-profile position of communications director briefly the most visible show in town, and garnered more attention for themselves than their boss, an ironic approach given their anatomically improbable suggestions about Bannon.
The New York Post reported Friday that Scaramucci's wife Deirdre Ball filed for divorce, citing their “naked political ambition” and loyalty to Trump.
Ball's lawyer pushed back on that report and told the New York Times that Ball's divorce filing was “a private matter” and had “nothing to do with Trump.”
Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, bade Scaramucci a cheery adieu on Monday.
Harlon B. Carter, who became the nation's foremost opponent of gun controls in leading the National Rifle Association to its greatest expansion in membership and political influence, died Tuesday at their home in rural Green Valley, Ariz.
They were 78 years old and died of lung cancer, their family said.
In their tenure from 1977 to 1985 as executive vice president, the rifle association's chief operating position, the group's membership more than tripled, to three million, and its annual budget multiplied severalfold, to $66 million. The organization's influence with elected officials also soared, to the dismay of gun control advocates.
The association promotes a right to own and use firearms for protection, sport and hunting. Mr. Carter, adamant against restrictions, once testified before Congress that the misuse of guns was "a price we pay for freedom." N.R.A.'s 'Fiercest Warrior'
Nelson T. Shields, a founder of an opposing organization, Handgun Control Inc., once called Mr. Carter "Mr. N.R.A." And yesterday Wayne R. LaPierre, the rifle association's current chief officer, said Mr. Carter "was our champion and fiercest warrior."
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Carter held 44 national shooting records with pistol, military rifle and small-bore rifle. They were one of 53 civilians who have received a special Army award for marksmanship.
Kyle wished they hadn't gotten stoned. Which was unusual. Most of the time they preferred to stay high, especially while working a night shift. But now, looking across the counter at the gun held low and pointed at their middle, they suddenly craved sobriety.
“I said give me the money, man!” Repeated the man with the gun. They were a little shorter than average with their head obscured by a pair of sheers, black, tights with little, gray birds all over them. “Open the fucking register and give me the money!”
Kyle stared at him, rigid and dumb. They knew there was a code to open the register. Their employee codes. A number they had typed thousands of times. At that moment, they couldn't remember it to save their lives. The only number that popped into their head was the password to the electronic safe in their bedroom where they kept their weed: 24-7-420. They remained still.
The man across the counter brandished their weapon higher, pointing it at Kyle's face.
“I SAID GIVE ME…”
“Alright man!” Kyle interrupted. “Alright…Just chill out for a sec and let me think. Shit.” They put their hands on their hips and continued talking, lower now, just to himself. “It was like…my mom's birthday…but not that….and that's…April? No….shit.”
Across the counter, Dave wished they hadn't gotten stoned. The tights he'd taken out of their girlfriends drawer itched their face. Girlfriend? Maybe that was too strong a word. The girl he'd been sleeping with lately. They were pretty cute though. Maybe they should try to make them their girlfriend. But then, like, that's a whole thing. You have to remember birthdays and anniversaries and stuff or they get all mad at you. And if you stay out all night when you're supposed to meet them for dinner they stop having sex. And that's not cool.
Dave suddenly remembered where they are. They realized they had let the gun drop to their side and they aren't even looking at the clerk they were robbing, but staring out the window at the decrepit old house across the street. Part of the railing was falling off the deck. Somebody should fix that, man.
“What? Fix what?” Asked Kyle. Dave knew their name was ‘Kyle' because it said so on their name tag.
“What?”
“You just said ‘somebody should fix that.' Fix what, man?” Kyle stood with their hands on their hips, looking across the counter at Dave, who still held the gun down at their side, pointing at the floor.
“Was that out loud?” Dave grinned. “I was just looking at that place across the street. That deck is all jacked up!”
“Oh I know, dude,” said Kyle, smiling. “There's a busted window in the back where you can get in there. There's a bunch of graffiti and shit. It's pretty sweet.”
“Really? Awesome. We should go in there sometime and….Wait. No, wait. Fuck!” They jerked the gun back up and pointed it at Kyle's head. “Give me the fucking money, man!”
“Oh, right,” said Kyle. They chuckled to himself. “Dude, I just…The code. It's like right on the tip of my tongue. It's something about my mom's birthday I think. Or my dad's?”
“I hate that!” Exclaimed Dave. They absent absentmindedly scratched at their forehead through the tights as the gun slowly dropped back towards their hip. “That happens to me all the time. Like the other day, I was goin' through the drive through, and like, I knew what I wanted, but by the time I got to the box where you tell the guy what you want, it was just, like, gone. Like nowhere in my head.”
“Shit!” said Kyle. “That sucks man. What did you do?”
“I just ordered a cheese burger.”
“Nice.” Kyle nodded their approval. “Can't go wrong with that.”
“Yeah, except then I realized I was at Taco Bell!” Dave grinned through the sheer fabric and laughed. “Can you believe that shit!”
“No way! So what did you do?”
“I was freaked man!” Dave shook their head and looked down at the linoleum floor. “I just hit the gas and got out of there. Went to Jack in the Box.” They raised the gun in their hand and swooped it across their body to illustrate the speed of their retreat from Taco Bell. Then they saw the gun. “Oh! Fuck!” They pointed it back at Kyle. “The money, dude! You better hurry the hell up!”
“Oh! Right!” Kyle returned their attention to the register but the code continued to elude him. They looked back up, and noticed their assailant's gun hand once more drooping as they stared out the window, mouthing words.
“Say,” offered Kyle, “that's a pretty sweet gun.”
“Huh? Oh!” responded Dave, looking at the weapon. “Yeah. I just got it the other day. It's air-soft. Looks pretty real though, right? I painted the orange thing on the barrel black, and it totally looks legit now.”
“Did you just say it's air-soft?”
“Yeah. It's a nice one though.” Dave looked admiringly at the gun in their hand, then suddenly frowned. “But I'm out of pellets for it. They only give you like, 50 when you buy the gun. Which is bullshit cuz you just loose 'em all.”
“Did you just say it's air-soft?” Repeated Kyle.
“What? Wait….NO!” Dave yelled, suddenly cognizant of their situation. “No, man, this is a gun! Give me the money, man!”
“I don't think so dude.” Kyle put their hands on their hips and shook their head, staring across the counter with a look of stern disapproval. “You just said that's an air-soft gun. And that you don't even have pellets for it so, like, I mean, it's not even loaded, man.”
Dave's shoulders dropped. They looked at the plastic gun and then back at Kyle, who was still looking at them with the same expression their mom sometimes used when he'd fucked up.
“Alright….alright man. I'll just go.” They turned and started to walk towards the exit. “Hey, could I grab some of these Funyuns though?”
“For 75 cents man. That shit's not free.”
Dave reached into their pocket and found a crumpled dollar bill.
“Here you go,” they said, and tossed the bill onto the counter. “Keep the change man. Sorry about all this shit.”
“It's cool,” replied Kyle. “Don't even worry about it.” They watched as Dave pocketed the pistol, then took a bag of Funyuns off the rack and pushed the door open. They walked across the street towards the dilapidated house, looked at it for a second, then headed around the back to see if they could find the broken window. Kyle chuckled and scooped the dollar off the counter. Then they typed their code into the register and it opened with a gentle ching.
“Oh yeah!” They said to himself, smiling widely. “It's MY birthday! Shit.” Then they reached into their pocket, fishing around for their pipe.
Advertisements
Image caption The discovery in the caves has baffled historians for decades
A new investigation has revealed that human skeletons discovered in caves on the North York Moors were likely to have been the victims of ritual sacrifice 2,000 years ago.
A forensic examination of their bones, for the BBC's History Cold Case series, has revealed evidence that at least one of them had been scalped.
Human remains were first discovered in the series of caves, known as the Ryedale Windy Pits, in the 19th Century and further excavations took place in the 1950s.
While it has always been clear the bones had experienced some kind of trauma it has taken a new forensic investigation to reveal more about how these people might have met their deaths.
Evidence suggests the caves were used by people from the late Neolithic period, about 4,500 years ago, until the late Romano-British period in the fourth and fifth centuries AD.
Tangle of bones
Historians have long believed that people during this period participated in human sacrifice.
The BBC's History Cold Case programme features a team from the Centre of Anatomy and Human Identification at the University of Dundee.
Their investigation focused in particular on a tangle of 2,000 year-old bones, possibly those of a family, found in Slip Gill Windy Pit in the 1950s.
It was a trauma in the jaw bone of one of the skulls which could have only been made with a sharp instrument and led to the first conclusion that the victims did not die naturally.
Professor Sue Black said: "The archaeologists tells us that there's a distinct possibility that there's a ritualistic element to the way in which these individuals have landed up in these caves."
To confirm that theory the team looked at bones found in neighbouring pits.
Ritual 'first'
Those too showed signs of blunt force trauma, confirming inter-personal violence as well as a shin bone which had markings that were consistent with the removal of flesh from bone.
Further examination of one of the skulls from Slip Gill showed similar markings, parallel cut marks, leading to the conclusion that at least one of the victims was probably scalped.
The cutting marks on the skull are the final piece of evidence that at least one of the Slip Gill skeletons was almost certainly ritually killed.
Professor Black concludes: "We've added a dimension to this that we never anticipated we were going to and in fact it's a first for me.
"I have never been involved in something with this sort of ritual. At the end of the day the bones have the evidence and the evidence speaks for itself."
History Cold Case: The Skeletons of Windy Pits will be on BBC Two at 2100 BST on Thursday 30 June 2011 and afterwards in the UK on BBC iPlayer.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus stripped naked for the cover of Rolling Stone magazine — but still managed to commit a fashion faux pas. Was the whole thing a flub or a joke?
Rolling Stone
The star of the political comedy “Veep” appeared on the cover of the magazine wearing nothing but a presumably temporary tattoo or digital image of the U.S. Constitution signed by John Hancock — funny, except for the fact that the Constitution wasn't signed by Hancock, who famously put their oversize John Hancock on the Declaration of Independence.
In defense of the flub on the April 24 cover, the “First Lady of Comedy” — as they are dubbed on the magazine cover — passed the buck, blaming Mike McClintock, their character's director of communications on “Veep,” for the mistake.
An expanded version of this report appears on the Speakeasy blog at WSJ.com.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. advisory commission warned on Wednesday that China's growing military might may make it more likely to use force to pursue its interests and called for a government probe into how far outsourcing to China has weakened the U.S. defense industry.
A paramilitary police officer watches a flag-raising ceremony at Tiananmen Square ahead of the opening session of the National People's Congress (NPC) in Beijing, China, March 5, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-hoon
The annual report of the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission pointed to a growing threat to U.S. national security from Chinese spying, including infiltration of U.S. organizations, and called on Congress to bar Chinese state enterprises from acquiring control of U.S. firms.
The release of the report to Congress comes a week after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election. Trump, an outspoken Republican who has vowed to take a tougher line in trade and security dealings with China than President Barack Obama, will take office on Jan. 20.
The panel is a bipartisan body set up in 2000 to monitor the national security implications of the U.S. trade and economic relationship with China and to make recommendations to Congress for legislative and administrative action.
Its report also called on Congress to back more frequent U.S. Navy freedom-of-navigation operations in the South China Sea, one of the world's busiest trade routes where China's building of artificial islands with military facilities has raised concerns about future freedom of movement. Beijing and its neighbors have conflicting territorial claims there.
The commission said ongoing reforms of the People's Liberation Army would strengthen Beijing's hand and noted that China was close to completing its first domestically produced aircraft carrier.
“China's pursuit of expeditionary capabilities, coupled with the aggressive trends that have been displayed in both the East and South China Seas, are compounding existing concerns about China's rise among U.S. allies and partners in the greater Asia,” the report said.
“Given its enhanced strategic lift capability, strengthened employment of special operations forces, increasing capabilities of surface vessels and aircraft, and more frequent and sophisticated experience operating abroad, China may also be more inclined to use force to protect its interests,” it said.
The panel said that U.S. responses to the threat from Chinese intelligence gathering had suffered from a lack of a coordinated effort by U.S. intelligence agencies.
It said Congress should also direct the U.S. Government Accountability Office to prepare a report “examining the extent to which large-scale outsourcing of manufacturing activities to China is leading to the hollowing out of the U.S. defense industrial base.”
“This report should also detail the national security implications of a diminished domestic industrial base (including assessing any impact on U.S. military readiness), compromised U.S. military supply chains, and reduced capability to manufacture state-of-the-art military systems and equipment,” it said.
The commission's report also recommended that Congress call on the U.S. State Department to produce educational materials to alert U.S. citizens overseas and students going to China to the dangers of recruitment efforts by Chinese agents.
Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin (91) returned to the ice since their Achilles injury as they faced the Minnesota Wild in the first period during Game 2 of the Western Conference Quarterfinals at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Saturday, April 16, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
"The issue with having both of them (at center) is we spend too much time in our own end," Ruff said. "You need better, harder defenders, more physical guys to get the puck back. The numbers that support not having them down low are pretty good."
Spezza will return from a five-game absence with an upper body injury Tuesday, and coach Lindy Ruff will put them and Seguin on the same line. Seguin is expected to play the right wing, as they have done for much of the season, and Spezza will center. There have been times both have played right wing, but it's been rare that both have played center.
WINNIPEG -- Having Tyler Seguin and Jason Spezza as your top two centers would be seen as a positive for most teams, but that hasn't been the case for the Stars this season.
Ruff last season moved Cody Eakin to the top line when Seguin went out with an Achilles injury, and the coach liked the result. They said having a defensive centerman with Jamie Benn helps the Stars stay out of the defensive zone and get on the attack more. When Spezza has battled injuries this season, Radek Faksa has been moved up the lineup into the second line center spot, and Ruff said they also like what Faksa adds.
"I just think a Faksa or an Eakin, that was the recipe that pushed us over the edge last year," Ruff said. "I tried early in the year to (go to Seguin and Spezza centering the top two line) and we couldn't kill enough plays. So as a coach you ask, `Why aren't we getting it done?'"
Seguin is the worst on the team this year in plus-minus at minus-18. Spezza is minus-12 in 45 games. Eakin is minus-7 in 35 games and Faksa is plus-3. Eakin has centered Jamie Benn for the past month and Benn has 16 points (eight goals, eight assists) in the past 11 games. Eakin has one goal and four assists in that span and is plus-2.
"With the speed in today's game, if you can't get to a certain play soon enough in your own end, then you can spend your 15 seconds there, and by the time you get it out you're changing," Ruff said. "I think that was a big problem where Benn and Seguin weren't getting much done early in the year."
Seguin said they and Spezza are simply trying to adjust to what the coaches want.
"We're just trying to make it work," Seguin said. "We both can play center, we both can play wing."
One negative side effect is that both players have seen their faceoff winning percentage drop as they make fewer visits to the dot. Spezza has fallen from 54.8 percent last season to 51.7 percent, while Seguin has dropped from 55.6 percent last season to 49.3 percent.
"You don't get the rhythm you're used to if you're only taking five or six a game, but you have to make it work," Spezza said.
Because it seems for the foreseeable future you won't be seeing both play center in the same game.
"At the end, they're both valuable players for us," Ruff said. "Sometimes you can support one, but it's hard when you end up with two guys (at center) and you spend too much time in your own end."
Twitter: @MikeHeika
Yes, this is one of THE Dorie Greenspan cakes. And, believe it or not, this is not my first time making this. The first time I made it, about six or seven months ago for a friend's birthday, I kind of ruined it. And then I tried taking pictures of it, with no training or idea of what I was doing, and it was a complete travesty. I was so frustrated. I had spent about half the day working on this thing, and then I overcooked the caramel….leading to a burnt sugar kind of taste. Now, that might be good in some circumstances (think s'mores with burnt marshmallows…I'm a fan), but, unfortunately, with this cake….scorched caramel is not good.
So….on to Round #2. Unabashed and determined to get it right this time, I entered the kitchen with one key word….”Focus”. No TV in the background, no Pandora radio playing from my laptop, no snacking on the cake batter, no texting while baking. It was Game On. I watched the caramel like a hawk, testing the color every 20 seconds or so. Because, as you will see, once the caramel starts turning color….it goes quickly. Dorie says to let it get to a deep amber color…but I let mine get to the color of a light beer before I added the cream and butter. This did the trick. I don't know, maybe it's my stove that seems to heat it unevenly, but I erred on the side of underflavored caramel in order to salvage the entire thing. Caramel….it's simply a beautiful thing when done correctly.
Ultimately, this cake is not too challenging to throw together, if you can get a handle on the caramel. In fact, the brownie cake part of it is more simple than a lot of the other recipes I have posted. It's just the caramel. But you can do it. You can and you will.
Caramel-Peanut-Topped Brownie Cake
Servings: 10
Ingredients
For the cake:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces
5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped **(I just used Ghiradelli bittersweet chocolate chips….oh Ghiradelli…..sigh….)
3 large eggs
1/2 cup (packed) light brown sugar
1/4 cup sugar
3 tablespoons light corn syrup
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
For the topping:
2 cups sugar
1/2 cup water
1 and 1/2 tablespoons light corn syrup
2/3 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup salted peanuts
Instructions
1. For the cake: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
2. Butter an 8-inch round springform pan, dust the inside with flour, tap out the excess and line the bottom of the pan with a piece of parchment paper.
3. Put the pan on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
4. Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt together.
5. Set a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of gently simmering water.
6. Add the butter and chocolate to the bowl and heat, stirring occasionally, until the ingredients are just melted.
7. Remove the bowl from the heat.
8. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs and sugars together until well blended.
9. Whisk in the corn syrup, followed by the vanilla.
10. Whisk in the melted butter and chocolate.
11. Still working with a whisk, gently stir in the dry ingredients, mixing only until they are incorporated.
12. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and spread until even.
13. Bake the cake for 40-45 minutes, or until a thin knife inserted into the center comes out almost clean.
14. Transfer the pan to a rack and cool the cake for 15 minutes, then run a blunt knife between the cake and the pan and remove the sides of the pan. Cool the cake to room temperature.
15. When the cake is completely cool, invert it, remove the base of the pan and peel off the paper. Wash and dry the springform pan, and return the cake to it right-side up. Refasten the sides.
16. For the topping: Put the sugar, water and corn syrup in a medium heavy-bottomed saucepan, stir just to combine the ingredients, and put the pan over medium-high heat on the stove.
17. Heat, without stirring, until the caramel turns deep amber (mine was the color of light beer….test it on a white plate if you are unsure), about 5 to 10 minutes (depending on your stove and pan). As the sugar is caramelizing, wipe down any splatters on the sides of the pan with a pastry brush dipped in cold water.
18. Lower the heat a bit, and standing back from the saucepan, add the cream and butter. (BE CAREFUL…IT IS HOT AND WILL BUBBLE AGGRESSIVELY.)
19. When the caramel calms down a bit, stir to dissolve any lumps.
20. Add the peanuts and stir. Transfer the hot mixture to a 1-quart Pyrex measuring cup or a heat-proof bowl.
21. Spoon the peanuts over the top of the cake, and then pour enough caramel to cover the peanuts and top of cake completely. You may have leftover caramel.
22. Allow the topping to set at room temperature about 20 minutes or so.
23. When ready to serve, run a blunt knife around the edge of the springform pan and remove the sides.
Source: Baking: From My Home To Yours by Dorie Greenspan.
EASTON, Pa. (AP) – A teenager accused of producing a racist video of a black classmate eating chicken and posting it online could face criminal charges, a prosecutor said Wednesday.
Northampton County District Attorney John Morganelli said he's considering ethnic intimidation and harassment charges against a 14-year-old white student at Saucon Valley High School.
The teenager recorded a 16-year-old black boy eating chicken wings and in narrating the video called the older boy the N-word and made references to “being broke and on welfare,” said Morganelli, who called the video “reprehensible” and “repulsive.”
After seeing the video on social media, the black student attacked the white student at a football game, Morganelli said. Lower Saucon police charged the black student with assault and other offenses; the charges are pending in juvenile court.
Morganelli opened the probe on Wednesday after an attorney for the black student showed them the video.
The Saucon Valley School District investigated the incident and “handled it very appropriately,” schools Superintendent Monica McHale-Small told The Morning Call newspaper of Allentown. They called the white student's behavior “incredibly vile.”
The students' names haven't been released.
Last month, parents and students told the Saucon Valley School Board about several other racist incidents. One student said they were asked if they were drinking from the right water fountain and then was told the fountain was only for whites, the newspaper reported.
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter
(Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Knoji reviews products and up-and-coming brands we think you'll love. In certain cases, we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides. Learn more.
Creating weaved paper hearts is quite easy and anyone can do it!
First, select 2 sheets of coloured paper. Different colours will make the heart more interesting, rather than using the same colour on both sides.
Fold the paper in half.
Make a square, and cut off another 1/4 of it. You need to use rectangles – 3/4 of a square.
Cut half a circle off the opening side, as shown in the picture.
The light colours are the parts you should cut off.
While the paper is folded in half - cut straight lines from the closed side to the opening, stopping just at the beginning of the circle.
Having cut both papers the same way - the weaving work starts.
You will be weaving one paper into the other.
Place both papers one on top of the other, to form the shape of a heart.
Pick the highest part of one paper, and weave it all the way through the other paper, as shown in the picture. Make sure each stripe enters in between the other stripes.
Do the same thing with every other string of paper, going orderly all the way through.
When finished, you will have the two pieces of paper combined nicely into the shape of a heart.
Your paper heart could be given as a gift to your loved ones.
It could be used as an open envelop, to hold a greeting card.
It could also be holding some light objects, such as sweets, chocolates, cookies, or dried flowers.
It is always nice to give something of your own doing, rather than buying all of your presents.
2k
I have made this recipe for the past three years and always receive rave reviews. People who have eaten sweet potato pie all their lives say this recipe is the best they have ever tasted. I have...
this is good as far as the ingrediants~~~ however, to make it awesome... need to separate the eggs, and beat the whites until they are stiff, then stir that into the rest. NOW that makes it perf...
SL 108 42
I have made this recipe for the past three years and always receive rave reviews. People who have eaten sweet potato pie all their lives say this recipe is the best they have ever tasted. I have... Read more
MANTABIROSTRIS 63 80
I've made this a few times and the recipient always loves it. One suggestion--don't store the boiled sweet potatoes in the fridge when you don't have time to make the pie right then...it separa... Read more
KIMAR 205 345
The flavor was delicious, but it was very sweet. The filling did not set well and was slightly loose, as a few other reviewers have noted. However, I printed this recipe last year and just got... Read more
JMILLER4 0 12
I was looking for a fast, easy, sweet potato pie to bake for a church function, and came across this one. I read about 50 of the reviews and decided it was the one I would make, but was surpris... Read more
JMLATHAM 0 4
I am a new cook and this is the first pie I ever made and it came out fantastic!! Although I changed the recipe a little after reading the reviews I used 1/2 cup of white sugar, 1/2 cup of brow... Read more
FOX_J 0 1
This was the first sweet potatoe pie I have ever made! I never liked the taste of sweet potatoe pies before, but my boyfriend said it was time I learned to make one. So I went looking for a good... Read more
HAPPI23 244 9
I've been using this recipe since 2002 and I always get rave reviews. I've been offered money, especially during holidays to make many of these pies. The recipe is simple and absolutely perfect.... Read more
DMCDONALD80 0 2
This is the absolute BEST recipe for a Sweet Potato Pie! I made this for Thanksgiving and 2 pies for Christmas! The flavor was outstanding, and the spices were perfect! The only thing I changed ... Read more
To the Editor: A recently published study by Falkinham (1) showed that 17 (46%) of 37 households were contaminated with nontuberculous mycobacteria (NTM) of the same species as those found in patients with lung disease and that 7 (41%) of 17 had the same DNA fingerprint as the patient. One patient's isolate from sputum matched to isolate found in the shower water. Therefore, the patient's lung disease was likely acquired by inhalation of aerosols while showering. An isolated from another patient matched to isolate found in tap water. If the patient drank the contaminated water, Mycobacteria avium may have reached the lungs by aspiration because 26% of patients with NTM lung disease have been found to experience gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) (2). Even if none of these scenarios was present, however, NTM patient contamination of samples is still likely. Six of the 7 matching households had water heater temperatures <125°C, indicating a negative correlation between NTM growth and temperature. Most M. avium and M. intracellulare are killed in <5 seconds (3) when exposed to 70oC; thus, all NTM species would likely be killed a few seconds after water reached the boiling point.
In a recent study, we have shown that Canadian-born persons from ethnic groups from eastern and Southeast Asia were less likely to be colonized with M. avium complex than were other ethnic groups (4). We hypothesized that boiling water before consumption, a common practice in persons from Asia, may have partially protected them against pulmonary colonization. Another protective factor is the low prevalence of GERD in persons from Asia (<7%) (5), compared with 19.8% in white persons from Olmstead County, Minnesota, USA. Future studies like that of Falkinham are needed to determine routes of transmission. Factors to investigate in such studies include the ethnicity of participants and associated predisposing disorders, particularly GERD; culturing of gastric washings; handwashing frequency; and water consumption habits (whether drinking from the bottle, from the tap, or after boiling).
First it was Prime Minister Malcom Trumble, now it's the Canadian Prime Minister's turn to have their name fumbled by White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer.
In their daily press briefing, Mr Spicer referred to their prepared notes to recap President Donald Trump's first meeting with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau yesterday, except tripping up and calling them ‘Joe'.
“The President had an incredibly productive set of meetings and discussions with Prime Minister Joe Trudeau of Canada, focusing on our shared commitment to close cooperation in addressing both the challenges facing our two countries and the problems facing the world,” they said.
Earlier this month, Mr Spicer was lampooned for mispronouncing Malcolm Turnbull's surname as “Trumble”.
In the same briefing, they told reporters Mr Trump was “unbelievably disappointed” about the “horrible” refugee swap deal struck under the Obama administration.
As is so often the case, social media users were quick to pick up on Mr Spicer's slip of the tongue.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
6 years ago
Washington (CNN) - President Barack Obama's approval rating dropped eight percentage points over the past month, to 45%, the president's lowest rating in more than a year and a half, according to a new national poll.
The CNN/ORC International survey released Monday morning comes as the White House has been reacting to controversies over a massive U.S. government surveillance program; the Internal Revenue Service's targeting of tea party and other conservative groups who applied for tax-exempt status; the administration's handling of last September's attack in Benghazi that left the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans dead; and the Justice Department's secret collection of journalists' phone records as part of a government investigation into classified leaks.
The poll indicates that for the first time in Obama's presidency, half of the public says they don't believe they are honest and trustworthy. And Americans are split on the controversial National Security Agency anti-terrorism program to record metadata on U.S. phone calls, but they support the NSA program that targets records of Internet usage by people in other countries. That doesn't mean they necessarily like what is going on: Just over six in 10 believe that government is so large and powerful that it threatens the rights and freedoms of ordinary Americans.
A slight majority of those questioned in the poll, which was conducted Tuesday through Thursday of last week, disapprove of the actions of the man who leaked sensitive information about the NSA program. A similar number say Edward Snowden, who fled to Hong Kong, should be brought back to the United States and prosecuted.
What the approval drop means for Obama
The president's approval rating stands at 45%, down from 53% in mid-May. And 54% say they disapprove of how Obama's handling their job, up nine points from last month. It's the first time in CNN polling since November 2011 that a majority of Americans have had a negative view of the president.
"The drop in Obama's support is fueled by a dramatic 17-point decline over the past month among people under 30, who, along with black Americans, had been the most loyal part of the Obama coalition," says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland.
The president also dropped 10 points among independent voters, from 47% last month to 37% now, with Obama's disapproval among independents jumping 12 points to 61%.
What's behind the drop?
"It is clear that revelations about NSA surveillance programs have damaged Obama's standing with the public, although older controversies like the IRS matter may have begun to take their toll as well," adds Holland.
Details on NSA-thwarted plots coming, lawmaker says
Six in 10 disapprove of how Obama is handling government surveillance of U.S. citizens, which is higher than the 52% who disapproved of George W. Bush on the same issue in 2006, when government surveillance was also in the headlines.
Obama's approval rating on terrorism, although still above 50%, has taken a 13-point hit since mid-May. By contrast, their approval rating on domestic issues such as the economy, immigration and the deficit only dropped by two to four points, within the poll's sampling error.
Views of Obama's personal characteristics have also declined.
The number of Americans who think they are honest has dropped nine points over the past month, to 49%. Fifty-seven percent of those questioned say they disagree with the president's views on the size and power of the federal government, and 53% say they cannot manage the government effectively. Fifty-two percent say the president is a strong and decisive leader. That's still a majority, but it's down six points from last month.
Cheney defends NSA, calls Obama's credibility 'nonexistent'
Forty-three percent of the public says that the Obama administration has gone too far in restricting civil liberties to fight terrorism, with 38% saying the administration has been about right and 17% saying it has not gone far enough.
"That's roughly the same reaction that the public had to the Bush administration in 2006 when the details of a similar program to gather phone records were made public," says Holland.
Fifty-one percent say the current NSA program to gather phone records is the right thing to do. By comparison, 54% felt that way about the Bush-era program back in 2006. Two thirds say they feel that the current NSA program on Internet usage is right.
More than six in 10 say the government has collected their phone or Internet data. What is the government doing with all of this information?
Just 8% of all Americans think the government has collected their personal data and is using it to investigate them. Just over half say they think the government has collected their data and stored it somewhere without analyzing it, and one third say they believe that government has not collected and stored any of their personal phone or Internet records.
WH: Obama not violating privacy; Snowden's whereabouts unknown
As for Snowden, 52% disapprove of their actions, with 44% saying they approve of the leaks by the former government contractor. Fifty-four percent say the government should attempt to bring Snowden back to the U.S. and prosecute them for their actions.
Documents Snowden provided to journalists revealed the existence of the secret NSA programs to collect records of domestic telephone calls in the United States and the Internet activity of overseas residents. Snowden, who fled to Hong Kong, was fired from their position at the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton earlier this month. The FBI is investigating the leaks.
The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International June 11 to 13, with 1,014 adults nationwide questioned by telephone. The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points.
- CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
The bookies gave Saints - a far from full strength selection - a 17 points start here, clearly thinking their heroics of three seasons ago were a non-starter. Then, as now, Northampton had been emptied in Franklin's Gardens at exactly this stage of the competition only to fetch up the following week to Lansdowne Road and win. This time it went according to the script, some early ad libbing notwithstanding.
The bookies gave Saints - a far from full strength selection - a 17 points start here, clearly thinking their heroics of three seasons ago were a non-starter. Then, as now, Northampton had been emptied in Franklin's Gardens at exactly this stage of the competition only to fetch up the following week to Lansdowne Road and win. This time it went according to the script, some early ad libbing notwithstanding.
The bonus point win puts Leinster firmly in control of the pool and it will stay that way until after Christmas regardless of what happens in Castres this afternoon when Montpellier is the visitors.
Leinster's Luke McGrath scores a try. Photo: PA
There was en eerily familiar feel to the first half hour for Leinster, who exploded out of the traps with a try for Adam Byrne inside five minutes, and then went into freefall. They stayed there until roughly the half hour mark: putting ball down, kicking loosely, and giving away penalties to beat the band.
They fixed it up alright, securing the bonus point on the stroke of half time, but the error count en route was unsettling. For the crowd of 38,584 they will have forgotten about that bit, washed away on the tide of nine tries.
"They're certainly up there (with the big spenders in Europe)," Jim Mallinder said afterwards. "I've been impressed by them. They play well together. We defended pretty well at times but the power and pace they had was very impressive."
Most eyes were on Ross Byrne, given the circumstances which see them standing as the only fit number 10 in the squad. That they aren't blessed with pace means they need to be fairly special at a few other things, and on your first start in Europe it's a tall order to lay out all these riches for the punters and critics.
Leinster's Devin Toner catches a high ball. Photo: PA
We've seen enough of Byrne between school and club to know he's a decent footballer with a good passing game. In neither area though - at least not evident at this stage of their career - do they look likely to do damage at this level.
"He's ambitious, they work hard and it's good to see them getting the rewards," Leo Cullen said afterwards. "It's not easy coming in like that to the Aviva. They acquitted themselves really well."
Byrne will be all the better for this experience. It helped that they had their school pal Luke McGrath as a partner. If attitude and energy were Olympic sports then McGrath would be on the podium every time. And when they round off a few more edges they could be a Test player of quality. It's a journey though, one they are clearly up for making.
It was fitting that McGrath should be the one to get Leinster back in the game in the first half for they had been the one to dump them in the manure business. A variety of offences had allowed Stephen Myler three shots on goal in the opening 16 minutes - two of which they goaled for a 6-5 lead - and then McGrath threw a bad intercept five metres from the Saints line to Ken Pisi, who somehow managed to make it 95 metres in the other direction.
Leinster's Isa Nacewa converts a try. Photo: PA
Credit to referee Romain Poite for overruling their compatriot in the TMO box, who deemed Pisi was offside. They aren't. The try stood and Myler's conversion made it 13-5 after 22 minutes.
Nacewa pulled back three points with a perfectly struck penalty before, on 29 minutes, McGrath sniped brilliantly from a ruck about 15 metres out to catch Saints' defence out. The extras from Nacewa gave Leinster the lead for the second time in the game. They wouldn't come close to losing it again.
By half time Adam Byrne had got over again and Sean O'Brien had broken off the back of a maul for the bonus point. With Saints having to sub a couple of front-liners at half time they had little to offer in the second half.
If they had conceded four tries in the first 40 minutes then they were always going to struggle to match even that level of resistance after the break, and sure enough it was another four just after the hour mark. Perhaps the best move of the half however didn't end in a touch down, when man of the match Sean Cronin picked a perfect line off Garry Ringrose, which was complemented then by Luke McGrath appearing in support.
To highlight the ragged state of Saints consider how they conceded a ninth try. Byrne put a bit too much on a punt to the corner for Nacewa, whereupon Ken Pisi spilled it and Nacewa pounced for the score. That comfortably put in the shade Northampton's previous worst losing margin, the 34-points gap inflicted on them earlier in the campaign, and they suffered a knock back from the TMO as well as the last seconds of the game unfolded.
That made Leinster feel even better about themselves with the St Stephen's Day date looming in Thomond Park. When last they met there was a yawning gap between the teams. It will be interesting to see how the bookies pitch this one.
Scorers - Leinster: Nacewa 2 tries, pen, 4 cons; Byrne 2 tries, 2 cons; McGrath, O'Brien, Furlong, Cronin, O'Loughlin try each. Northampton: Pisi try; Myler 2 pens, con
Leinster: Z Kirchner; A Byrne (R O'Loughlin 51), G Ringrose (N Reid 64), R Henshaw, I Nacewa; R Byrne, L McGrath (J Gibson-Park 59); J McGrath (C Healy 48; J McGrath HIA 78), S Cronin (J Tracey 48), T Furlong (M Bent 48), D Toner (R Ruddock 53), H Triggs, S O'Brien (J Conan 56), J Heaslip, J van der Flier
Saints: A Tuala (J Wilson 24); K Pisi, G Pisi (R Hutchinson ht), JJ Hanrahan, T Collins (T Kessell 73) ; S Myler, N Groom; E Waller, C Claire (J Fish 63), K Brookes (P Hill 52), A Ratuniyawara, J Craig (J Paterson 52), J Gibson (yc 54-64), T Harrison, C Clark (B Nutley ht)
Referee: R Poite (France)
Sunday Indo Sport
There are two ways to amass mega millions quickly these days.
One way is to purchase a lucky lottery ticket. The other is to purchase the stock of an obscure biotechnology company, shortly before it announces positive clinical results for a drug with a blockbuster potential.
That seemed to be the case with investors who held a good chunk of Intercept Pharmaceuticals , Inc., back in January. The stock zoomed from around $72 to $497, following news that the company's liver-disease drug obeticholic acid, or OCA, performed unexpectedly well in a clinical trial.
The trouble is that quick fortunes can turn people into prosperous fools, as ancient philosophers have stated in many graphic ways.
That's how these people end up losing part or all the fortune as fast as they made it. “Easy come, easy goes,” as the adage goes.
And that's what happened to investors of Intercept Pharmaceuticals who took the ride from $30 to $497, and back to the low $170s, where the stock was trading Friday afternoon.
The catalyst this time around was a big miss in the company's most recent report (much bigger losses than expected), and the results of a study that raised concerns over their product's side effects.
To be fair, these investors may find the company they have put their money into turn into a new Amgen or Biogen, reclaiming their vanished millions, and then some.
Even so, they should understand three things which we have emphasized in previous pieces here.
First, we are talking about a drug that is under FDA review, not a drug that has already received FDA approval.
Second, even if OCA passes the FDA test, it must subsequently pass the market test. Investors have to look no further than the fate of Dendreon's drug PROVENGE and Affymax 's drug OMONTYS, neither of which performed well in market tests.
Third, even if OCA passes both the FDA and the market test, at the current market valuation the company is valued close to 3 percent (after the recent correction) of the value of Amgen Inc., which has been around for more than three decades and has several blockbuster stocks in the market.
Investors who have been around Wall Street long enough remember EntreMed Inc, another biotechnology company that displayed a similar performance in a short period. We all know what happened in that case.
Besides, the current valuation makes Intercept Pharmaceuticals hardly a bargain, even if it successfully passes the FDA and market test.
That's why I'll still stay away from the stock.
The proprietor of the Casa Nostra restaurant in Paris has been fined and ordered to pay compensation to five victims featured in a CCTV video they sold without consent of the café being shot at in November 2015 during the terror attacks that killed 130.
Dimitri Mohamadi was found guilty of “disclosing video images to an unauthorized person” and illegally installing a video surveillance system. They were fined €10,000, their two intermediaries involved in selling the footage €5,000 and €1,500, and all three have been told to pay damages of €6,000 to the five victims.
Read more
"I felt a deep anguish, it was a terrible shock, to relive the attack in a brutal, intense and unexpected way," Quentin, one of the people on the CCTV tapes, told the court in Paris last month. "I would have liked not to see these images in this very vulnerable, post-traumatic period. Afterward, I became obsessed, and watched it dozens and dozens of times."
Mohamadi, who is of Algerian origin, insisted throughout the proceedings that they were a peripheral figure in the distribution of the CCTV footage, who never made any money from the recording, which shows panicking Parisians seeking shelter from one of the nine Islamist attackers, as they discharge rounds from an automatic rifle on the street outside. No one inside the Casa Nostra was hurt, though five died in an establishment across the road.
But prosecutors painted a different picture. In the aftermath of the attack, police had encrypted the footage after viewing it, to prevent it from being distributed to the public, but Mohamadi asked an associate to decrypt it, before hawking it to the media.
Freelance journalist Djaffer Ait Aoudia then filmed hidden camera footage of a man – one of the accomplices fined - posing as a “cousin” of Mohamadi, haggling about the sale of the video with representatives of the UK tabloid the Daily Mail, which reportedly paid €50,000 for it.
Once the details of the transaction became public, the Daily Mail, whose publication of the video has been shared tens of thousands of times, said it had no reason to apologize.
“There is nothing controversial about the Mail's acquisition of this video, a copy of which the police already had in their possession. It was obtained against stiff competition from French and international media outlets and provided a vital perspective on a massive global news story,” the media outlet said in a statement in 2015. “The publication of the video – one of many that emerged in the aftermath of the events in Paris – on MailOnline and stills in the paper was demonstrably in the public interest."
But public opinion had rapidly turned against Mohamadi.
Within weeks of the attack, the mayor of Paris stripped Casa Nostra of a proposed €40,000 compensation fee for being targeted, and a campaign on social media urged customers to boycott an establishment, due to their supposed attempts to profit off of the tragedy.
Mohamadi says that business still hasn't recovered, whether due to the associations with the attacks, or the subsequent publicity, while outside the court, their lawyer railed at the media for “manipulation and mistreatment” of their client.
A new campaign is being undertaken to stop the spread of racism on the airways with the announcement by colorofchange.org of a petition drive to convince MSNBC to fire commentator Pat Buchanan.
Buchanan has written a new book that predicts among other things the ‘”end of white America.”
In a letter promoting the effort, Gabriel Rey-Goodlatte says, the one-time GOP campaigner for president “has passed off white supremacist ideology as legitimate mainstream political commentary. And MSNBC continues to pay them and give them a platform on national TV to do it.”
Colorofchange.org along with many other civil rights groups successfully led a drive to curtail advertisers from supporting Glenn Beck's now cancelled show on Fox News.
Mediamatters,org who is supporting the campaign with its own letter says, “Pat Buchanan's bigotry has been on full display these past weeks as they appear across the media promoting their latest book about the harms they think America will suffer as it becomes more racially diverse. Buchanan's recent inappropriate remarks are nothing new for them – they are part of their long history of bigotry.”
They go on to note that the Anti-Defamation League labeled Buchanan an “unrepentant bigot.”
Buchanan recently appeared on a radio show that represents itself as “pro-white and against political centralization.”
Their new book, Suicide of a Superpower is, according to Talking Points Memo, replete with racist and “crazy ideas.” Among them are the coming “death” of the people of European decent. Buchanan says, “When the faith dies, the culture dies, the civilization dies, the people die. That is the progression. And as the faith that gave birth to the West is dying in the West, peoples of European descent from the steppes of Russia to the coast of California have begun to die out, as the Third World treks north to claim the estate.”
Buchanan in the past has defended Hitler and said that both sides were right in the Civil War.
The petition can be signed here.
Photo: Victor Nagornny // CC 2.0
Workers at Irish state energy firm vote for strike in pensions dispute
By Jordan Shilton
27 November 2013
A vote for strike action at Ireland's semi-state Energy Supply Board (ESB), to protest a €1.7 billion black hole in the company's pension scheme, passed by an overwhelming 87.5 percent last week.
There is growing anger over attempts by management to avoid pension liabilities. At the same time, the austerity measures of successive governments since 2008 have reduced the incomes of ESB workers just as with their colleagues in other sectors of the economy.
ESB has been seeking to reform its pension system for some time. Its ability to do so has depended on the support of the trade unions active at the firm. In 2010, the company struck an agreement handling a shortfall in its pension plan of €2 billion by transferring the scheme from a defined benefit plan to a defined contribution plan. The effect of this change was to remove any liability from the company for funding the retirement plans of the workforce, and making workers themselves responsible for the amount paid into their pensions.
The attack on pensions is a critical part of government plans to fully privatise the electricity service. Reports suggested that the pension reform had enabled ESB to return to investment-grade status and attract private funds, whereas it had previously been deemed too risky. In a drive to sell state assets to raise billions to cover Ireland's rising state debt, which remains one of the highest in Europe, the government is also targeting public transport.
Attacks on pensions are not unique to ESB. A pension levy was imposed by the Fine Gael-Labour Party government, and the state pension fund has been raided to provide subsidies to big business and investors under Ireland's bailout.
The trade unions involved at ESB responded to the vote by playing for time, only announcing a potential date for strike action of December 16 four days after the result was made public. Until then, they have declared themselves open to talks with management in order to seek a resolution to the dispute that averts industrial action. The leader of the ESB Group of Unions, Brendan Ogle of Unite, reassured the firm that the form such action would take was yet to be determined and that it would only require a change in the approach of ESB to its accounting procedure for the €1.7 billion deficit to prevent an escalation of the dispute.
Notwithstanding the unions' attempts to demobilise any resistance among the workforce, employers' organisations have aggressively denounced ESB workers for placing the country's economy at risk in the run-up to Christmas and for threatening the jobs of workers in the retail and food industries. The chief executive of the Restaurants Association of Ireland, Adrian Cummins, asserted that the workers would be “holding the country to ransom” in the event of a strike, while the chief executive of the Dublin Business Improvement District, Richard Guiney, warned that “workers in other fields…need these vital couple of weeks to sustain their own employment into next year.”
Such dishonest attacks on ESB workers aim to divide and isolate them from the rest of the working class, blaming them for the dreadful economic crisis in Ireland that has been brought about by more than five years of vicious austerity policies backed by the entire political establishment, the trade unions and big business.
It is this programme of spending cuts and tax increases that has driven up the unemployment rate, forced thousands to leave the country and left many more fearing for their jobs and livelihoods as layoffs mount.
Guiney went on to urge that the Labour Relations Commission (LRC) or the labour court, state-sponsored bodies with records of imposing the demands of big business, step in. Their comments amount to an implicit call for the state to compel ESB workers to stay on the job. The government passed authoritarian legislation over the summer with the collaboration of the trade unions granting it the power to unilaterally change the pay and working conditions of state employees.
No genuine resistance to this will come from Ogle and the unions, which were involved in negotiating the deal in 2010 that allowed the company to dump its pension liabilities. A leaked e-mail between ESB management and their auditors from 2011 revealed that had Ogle registered a formal complaint on the pension changes, the pension would have had to be accounted for as a defined benefits scheme. But as Ogle themselves acknowledged, no such step was ever taken.
“I can confirm that the Group of Unions never contacted KPMG,” they said. “We viewed this as unnecessary as we were aware that ESB had an obligation to disclose any Group of Unions demand regarding pension funding the further (to the 2010) pension agreement to KPMG.”
In other words, the unions agreed to the implementation of a deal that granted management all of its demands and made no attempt to mount a struggle against the destruction of the pensions of ESB workers.
Ogle works closely with the Republican group Eirigi, formed by a faction that split from Sinn Fein in 2006. At an Eirigi members' meeting in 2011, they denounced ESB workers as privileged and overpaid, while blaming the working class as a whole for the series of defeats over the preceding three decades—which coincided with the enrichment of a fabulously wealthy elite during the period of Ireland's Celtic Tiger.
“I've got a problem with the people who I represent, who have power because they also have money, and they won't mind me saying this because I say it to them often enough,” Ogle said of the ESB workforce.
For 25 years, they had been “spoiled” by right-wing governments led by Fiana Fail, they claimed. Such hostility on the part of Ogle to working people is no personal aberration. It is a reflection of the dominant sentiment towards the working class of a layer of privileged and well-paid union bureaucrats whose upper middle class lifestyles and “labour management” function give them interests far more in common with the ruling class than with the workers they allegedly represent.
The media has joined in with its own denunciations of the workers' “privileges” at ESB, with reports appearing questioning why workers still receive a discount on their electricity bills when the company is cutting costs.
This campaign of vilification is an indication of the fear within ruling circles that a determined stand by a section of working people would strike a chord with workers in other sectors facing attacks on their jobs and working conditions, triggering a broader movement.
The first step in launching such a struggle by ESB workers must be a break from the rotten union bureaucracy and the formation of a rank-and-file action committee to defend pensions, jobs and working conditions against the attacks of management and the government.
The changes come as the NQF works to contain a conflict-of-interest scandal on one of its committees. In January, the Justice Department unveiled allegations that a longtime leader on an NQF committee, Dr. Charles Denham, received $11.6 million in payments from a company called CareFusion to their company to influence which kinds of products the NQF recommends hospitals buy.
NQF officials have said that Cassel's board memberships were disclosed to the quality forum and that a legal opinion was sought before they were hired last summer. The opinion recommended that they recuse themselves from discussions where they could have conflicts.
NQF board chairperson Helen Darling praised Cassel's decision to step down from Kaiser and Premier, saying the voluntary move showed their commitment to the quality of care movement and NQF.
“I will miss my service on the boards, but I do not wish this issue to interfere with the important work facing NQF,” said Cassel, who was hired at NQF last July. A statement from the NQF said that the decision was voluntary on Cassel's part and that the NQF board knew about their outside roles before they were hired.
Cassel received $189,000 in compensation from Kaiser in 2013. At Premier, they received $135,000 in compensation in 2013 and another $100,000 in stock that cannot be redeemed for at least three years. At the NQF, she's slated to receive $561,000 plus performance bonuses for their work in 2014.
Denham has denied the allegations against him, and has not been charged or accused directly in a lawsuit. However, the revelations caused the quality forum to strengthen its conflict of interest policies and open a probe into the matter. Cassel criticized Denham for failing to report that CareFusion had paid a for-profit company that Denham controls while they helped guide NQF's safe practice work.
As that situation was unfolding, investigative journalism outlet ProPublica reported that Cassel served as a well-paid board member at Kaiser and Premier.
Both Premier and Kaiser are affected by the recommendations of the National Quality Forum. Premier arranges for the purchases of products that could be affected by the NQF's patient-safety recommendations, while Kaiser is affected by pay-for-performance measures that NQF recommends to Medicare.
Follow Joe Carlson on Twitter: @MHJCarlson
Use of this website and all information provided, mentioned or linked to is provided 'as is'. We do not recommend any specific course of action or that any action you choose to take will have positive outcomes. Discuss any decision with your health care professional and consider the long term health implications of any independent decision you make. The use of the word "pain" is subjective and should be diagnosed by a health care professional and any mention of "pain relief" is used to describe the outcome visitors may seek and in no way implies a cure, treatment or other beneficial medical outcome. The website is for information only and all data, details and information should be checked and reviewed for accuracy. Continuing to use this website you warrant you are over 21 years old and understand and accept the above statement. Also we use cookies, continuing to use the site means you also accept this. Please Read Our Full Disclaimer Here
Jon Gabriel (a.k.a., @ExJon on Twitter) is the Editor-in-Chief of Ricochet.  They are a political writer and marketing consultant, contributing articles to The Wall Street Journal, The New York Post, and USA Today among others. Until 2012, they served as Director of Marketing for the free-market Goldwater Institute, where they converted policy initiatives into compelling stories. In the private sector, Jon led marketing efforts for Cold Stone Creamery, Honeywell, and several technology companies. In his… [more]
Moderates in the GOP establishment class introduced Jeb Bush to Republican voters as a fait accompli. No other candidate could compete with their zillion-dollar war chest. No one else could field competitive organizations in so many early primary states. No grassroots-fueled insurgent could best Team Jeb's coalition of Wall Street money, Beltway insiders, and seasoned consultants.
Considering these massive advantages, Jeb viewed the primary race as a formality to endure until they faced their friendly rival Hillary late next summer. Considering themselves the most conservative Bush family member, the aggressively pro-life and pro-school choice Florida governor tacked sharply to the center two years before the general election. Having sat on the sidelines for the entire Obama era, Bush had completely lost touch with their own party.
Out in the states, Republican voters loathed the top-down bureaucracy of Common Core. Bush proudly reaffirmed their support for the DC mandate. Conservatives criticized the elites' enthusiasm for comprehensive immigration reform, suggesting it was amnesty by a different name. Bush defiantly promised they wouldn't change their immigration positions one iota. “Are we supposed to just cower because at the moment people are all upset about something?” Jeb asked at a Club for Growth meeting. “No way, no how.”
There's an old saying in marketing that no matter how great your ad campaign or how vast your budget, the product will fail if the dogs won't eat the dog food. Watching Jeb flail over the past few months, they look a lot like a bad bag of Alpo.
In May, journalists asked if Jeb agreed with their brother's Iraq policy. This is the most obvious question for any GOP candidate running, let alone a guy with the last name Bush. Yes! I mean, no! Wait… it depends! Every day they switched their answer, dragging the pain over several news cycles and causing collateral damage to the Republican brand.
In July, Jeb asserted that “people have to work longer hours and, through productivity, gain more income for their families.” When attacked for the Scrooge-like line, they complained to the press that the quote was taken out of context. Of course the media took it out of context; that's what they do to Republican candidates, especially post-Obama. They were bewildered when the MSM didn't correct the record to help him. Why, it's as if these reporters aren't objective!
In August, religious conservatives asked Jeb if they would defund Planned Parenthood, following the release of several grisly sting videos. “I'm not sure we need half a billion dollars for women's health issues,” Jeb replied, using the pro-abortion lobby's euphemism for killing babies and selling the parts. Again surprised at the backlash, Jeb apologized, and reiterated their decades-old pro-life record. Democrats gleefully promoted the Jeb quote as another example of the GOP's “war on women.”
Then, at the first GOP debate, the mighty Jeb steamroller seemed almost a non-factor despite getting more airtime than everyone but the bombastic Donald Trump. Bush blandly recited talking points over a weak smile as other candidates sparred with each other, tangled with the moderators, and dropped devastating quips at the expense of the Democrats. Jeb would have seemed more at home in the B-team debate, reading white papers alongside low-wattage also-rans George Pataki and Jim Gilmore.
After donor concerns about Jeb's weak polling, they belatedly decided to take swings at the frontrunner Trump. Their attempt to play the alpha male might as well have included the stage direction “Message: I fight.” Jeb's opening attack criticized the reality-show populist for not being a doctrinaire Republican. Does Bush not realize this is why people support The Donald?
Then, with the media freaking out over the offensive-as-of-yesterday term “anchor baby,” Jeb finally decided to stand tough. To prove the term wasn't anti-Hispanic they said, “frankly it's more related to Asian people coming into our country — having children in that organized effort, taking advantage of a noble concept, which is birthright citizenship.” Mexicans aren't the issue; it's those darn Asians I have a problem with!
Trump, who never met a subgroup they aren't eager to offend, chastised Jeb for the intolerant rhetoric. Again, Bush whined they were being taken out of context, having learned nothing from the past decade of identity politics and increasingly activist newsrooms.
The issue with Jeb isn't that he's the choice of the reviled GOP establishment, but that they don't realize the establishment is reviled. It's not that Jeb's political skills are rusty, but that, despite all their missteps, they still don't realize he's a decade out of step. It's not that Jeb was blindsided by the Trump phenomenon, but that they are unable to adapt to the unexpected.
Jeb seems like a nice man. They had an excellent tenure as governor many years ago. But it's obvious that their heart is not in this race, they don't understand our Alinskyite political climate, and they are confused by both their base and modern media. The longer they vie for the nomination, the more they hurt themselves and the GOP.
For the good of their country and their party, Bush needs to sit 2016 out.
Welcome back to the Ravens film room. The Ravens turned in a solid effort as they played their second consecutive game against a division opponent. Here we'll take a look at their overall performance and how they executed.
Offense
The play-action game was working early for the Ravens who used fakes to draw in linebackers and open throwing lanes for Flacco. Here the Ravens are facing man-coverage. The run fake draws up the linebacker and Flacco throws a perfect laser. It looks like there was a little miscommunication because Flacco faked the handoff to the right, but all ended up well.
Again, the Ravens used play-action a lot to get Ben Watson a few catches and it worked effectively within the offense. Here, they go PA again, but it appears as if there's a miscommunication between Flacco and Mike Wallace. Flacco throws deep down the field and Wallace cuts their route much shorter, going to the corner. The ball keeps traveling downfield and ends up being intercepted. It's hard to know who to blame this on, but typically in miscommunications like this, it's the wide receiver.
It was a really good game for Ben Watson who sees their quarterback in trouble above. All of Flacco's reads are covered so they scramble out of the pocket. Watson finds a soft spot of the Browns' zone and gives Flacco an easy, open target 30 yards downfield.
One of my favorite things with skill players is when they have awareness of where they are and how to camp into soft spots in zones. I mentioned earlier that Watson did this, but Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown does an excellent job of this as well. Buck Allen sit down in an open spot and Flacco identifies this immediately, and hits them for the Ravens second touchdown of the game.
I'm a big fan of this Buck Allen run! The Ravens look to just make the field goal attempt more manageable for Justin Tucker, but Allen breaks this one off. The key comes from the offensive line fooling the defense. When the offensive line blocks down to their right, the right guard pulls across on the power to help open a hole for Allen. Number 53 gets caught out of position and Allen does the rest of the work, making players miss in the open field before getting the Ravens into position to capitalize on a touchdown before the half ends.
Defense
The Ravens are still giving up yards and plays, and that happens here. It looks like C.J. Mosley expects the safety help to be closer and they drop off halfway through the route. The receiver is able to trickle in between Mosley and Tony Jefferson where Kizer drops it in for a gain of 20.
This is the definition of a coverage sack. Kizer has nowhere to go with the ball, despite having an ample pocket. As they hitch up in the pocket, everything remains covered and the pass rush finally drops them for a sack and forces a turnover that ends the drive to give the Ravens the ball deep in Browns territory. Through two games we've seen the Ravens play a lot of tight coverage and force teams to beat them deep. They did it against the Bengals and did it this past week against the Browns. If they keep playing like this, they'll be justified in doing so and it will allow them to bring more pressure.
This looks like another miscommunication. We've seen few of those early on. Last week on the deep throw from Andy Dalton, the earlier play from Kizer and now this play to the tight end. Going forward the Ravens will need to clean these up otherwise good teams are going to make them pay for these mishaps.
This one was on Tony Jefferson. The Ravens are playing Cover 2 zone, Jefferson gets caught peaking across the middle/in the backfield and David Njoku ends up finding a pocket of space toward the sideline boundary that gives Kevin Hogan an open area to deliver the touchdown pass. Jefferson has to be more aware of where he's at and the players that are coming deeper into their zones. As the schedule gets tougher, mistakes like these will cost the Ravens a few games if they don't clean them up.
Tyus Bowser is up for Pepsi Rookie of the week and that's not by mistake. Bowser notched their first sack and interception on Sunday. On the sack they get the edge on the right tackle and works their way back inside after Hogan steps up in the pocket.
This was Tyus Bowser's other big play of the game. There's something to be said about being exactly where you're supposed to be. On a few of the big plays that I've already highlighted, the Ravens were out of position or miscommunicating. Here The Ravens are in Cover 2 pre-snap and shift into Cover 3 post-snap and I think it says a lot that the Ravens trust Bowser enough to drop in coverage. Coming out of Houston, it was assumed that Bowser's biggest strength was pass rushing, but he's showing they can contribute in the all-around game.
Final Thoughts
This was one of my shorter film reviews because there wasn't a lot to break down. The Ravens did an excellent job of forcing turnovers, but it wasn't necessarily anything nifty they did schematically. Lardarius Webb and Brandon Carr made excellent plays on passes that Kizer shouldn't have thrown and Eric Weddle came away with an interception on a tipped ball. I was concerned with the lack of pass rush the Ravens were able to produce. Cleveland has been lauded for its acquisitions along the offensive line this offseason, so that could be part of the issue, but the defense needs to work on the big plays and communication. You can beat bad teams like that on your own talent, but with teams like the Chiefs, Raiders, Patriots and Broncos who protect the ball more, mistakes like that will make teams pay.
As far as the offense goes, I like what they're doing. They're getting back to their identity of running the ball and they did so effectively. Buck Allen and Alex Collins ran well and the offensive line opened up holes all afternoon. In relation, this takes more off of Flacco's plate and allows them to work off of play action where they have receivers that can consistently stretch defenses to open up opportunities deep when they win deep, and short for the tight ends like we saw with Ben Watson. Last year the Ravens trended toward a lopsided run-pass ratio, but if they can avoid that and run the ball effectively, I don't see any reason why this team can't beat anybody in the league.
As usual, if you have any questions, feel free to leave a comment or follow me on Twitter @TJackRH.
Michael Schumacher has been pipped at the post in the race to be the world's richest sportsman.
According to the Sunday Times' annual listings, the seven time world champion's (US) $823 million in career earnings is beaten only by golf legend Tiger Woods.
American Woods has earned $869 million in their own ultra-successful career, the newspaper found.
And the Sunday Times said the pair have each earned hundreds of millions of dollars more than other high-earning sportsmen, including Michael Jordan ($516m), Roger Federer ($316m) and David Beckham ($258m).
F1's two other representatives, Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen, were way down the top-twenty list, with their respective earnings at about $161 million apiece.
McLaren's world champions Lewis Hamilton ($89m) and Jenson Button ($85m), meanwhile, appear only on the list for British sportsmen, and they are both outpaced by the $129m earned by former Ferrari driver Eddie Irvine mainly through property investment.
However, Hamilton and Button have each earned more in their careers than David Coulthard, Nigel Mansell, former BAR boss David Richards (all $80m) and Sir Jackie Stewart ($67m).
Those earnings, however, are all dwarfed by Bernie Ecclestone's estimated $4 billion, although the 81-year-old F1 chief executive does not appear at all on the list of the world's richest overall.
That list is headed by mega-earners like Sauber sponsor Carlos Slim, who according to the Sunday Times is worth $71 billion.
True purple is one of the rarest colors in nature. Before the advent of artificial coloring, a tiny sea snail called the spiny dye-murex furnished the purple dye for royal robes of Rome.
But thousands of years ago in China, artisans developed a purple pigment—one of the first human-made pigments known. Archaeologists first discovered it on artifacts from the Han Dynasty (206 BC to 220 AD), which led them to call it Han Purple. But that's a misnomer, as the pigment has been found on glass beads and other decorations from as long ago as China's Western Zhou period, from 1046 to 771 BC.
The pigment's best-known use was in paint found on some of the Terracotta Warriors, an 8000-strong army of ceramic soldiers created to guard the tomb of Qin Shi Huang, the first emperor of China, in the village of Xi'an.
Physicist Zhi Liu first saw the pigment in Xi'an, in the Museum of Qin Terracotta Warriors and Horses, while on vacation visiting relatives in China. “I saw a painted warrior in the lobby of the museum,” Liu says. “That got me interested.”
Conservator Katherine Holbrow discusses the science of Han Purple with (from left) Forrest McGill, senior curator of South and Southeast Asian art at the Asian Art Museum in San Francisco; physicist Zhi Liu, now at the Chinese Academy of Sciences; and SLAC scientist Apurva Mehta. Andy Freeberg, SLAC
At the time—in 2005—Liu was a postdoc at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory, working at their synchrotron facility, the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource. They used X-rays from a particle accelerator to analyze the chemical compositions and crystal structures of materials. Liu offered to analyze paint chips from the warriors at SSRL.
Synchrotron science can enable researchers to peer into the past and gain insight into how ancient materials were produced.
Both Han Purple and a similar pigment, Han Blue, share similarities with Egyptian Blue, another ancient synthetic pigment. The team at SSRL used X-rays to study samples of Han Purple to see whether the pigment pointed to an Egyptian influence in China.
Based on crystal structure and a detailed chemical map created using X-ray diffraction and X-ray fluorescence techniques, the researchers discovered that Chinese pigment-makers used lead to lower the melting point of the barium in Han Purple, a step not taken in the production of Egyptian Blue.
The discovery pointed to an even more fascinating theory: glassmakers in ancient China may have stumbled on Han Purple while trying to develop a jade-like glass, a process that also involved lead.
It's also my anniversary, so I'm sorry if I'm not around to receive comments today!
For the lovely Katt on their birthday! This was done last night, but I ran into some uploading issues, and then had to reinstall Photoshop ahha~But here it is! Them inkling Kyle, and their cute squiddy boyfriendo, Chandler~ <3AH. Tried a lot of new things. Working with more dynamic poses and angles-- it was a lot.But for all the difficulty, it was loads of fun, and I'm proud of myself for cranking it out in two days.When I started, this was the only ref I had xDAnyway, have a great birthday~!~~~~~~~~~~~~~Chandler (left): Kyle (right): Splatoon: NintendoCommissions are currently on sale for 10% off until February 14th, 2016!
Commission Info: 2016 Sale [10% OFF]
In the opposite clubhouse Saturday, Jansen, who has emerged as the Dodgers' closer over the past two seasons, smiled broadly when the subject of Simmons came up. They are two years apart, and they first played together along with Gregorius, a shortstop for the Arizona Diamondbacks, in a pee wee league. Curaçao, off the coast of Venezuela, was barely a blip on the baseball map until 1996, when Andruw Jones, then a precocious 19-year-old Braves outfielder from the island, hit two home runs in Game 1 of the World Series against the Yankees. Soon, children everywhere on Curaçao began playing the game. Curaçao regularly played in the Little League World Series, and now its players are regularly finding their way to professional baseball.
The native tongue is Papiamento, a Creole-Portuguese dialect that is confined mostly to Curaçao and its Caribbean neighbors Aruba and Bonaire, and in small pockets of West Africa. English is taught in fifth and sixth grade, Spanish in seventh and eighth. Many also pick up Dutch — the nation of Curaçao is a constituent country of the Netherlands — and some French.
And so, when a teenager from Curaçao arrives in rookie ball, it may be a new world of small towns and long bus rides, but at least they can chat with their Latino teammates, take coaching in English and order dinner off a menu.
“There's not the same learning curve of the kids from the Dominican or Venezuela,” Braves General Manager Frank Wren said. “I don't have anything scientific — it's very subjective — but we all realize that as kids acquire language skills and a comfort level, and they understand instruction better, their ability to adapt and progress in the minor leagues is accelerated.”
Less than two years after Simmons signed, they were in Atlanta. And though they batted a modest .248 this season, Simmons hit 17 home runs and struck out in just 8 percent of their plate appearances. Their manager says Simmons is capable of driving in 100 runs or winning a batting crown.
“I don't want to put a ceiling on him,” Gonzalez said.
Yet where Simmons truly shines is with a glove in their hand. Their throws are not only strong, but effortless. Besides broad range, they display the footwork of a soccer player around second base. Most noticeable, though, are their hands. Simmons delicately collects ground balls in their size 11 ¼ glove, with “God Given” stitched on it, and gets the ball in and out of their throwing hand with the quickness of a three-card Monte dealer.
But it is the instincts that go with those skills that set them apart. Once, Simmons lunged to glove a grounder up the middle. Off balance, they reached behind their back with their right hand to take the ball out of their glove, and contorted their body to throw the runner out at first.
8 years ago
Washington (CNN) - Here's something to think about the next time you're waiting in the airport security line: According the Republican Congressman John Mica of Florida, the people who are supposed to keep air travelers safe – aren't.
Mica ought to know: He's now the Chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. On the House floor this morning they begged members of Congress to get classified briefings on the Transportation Security Administration, the TSA.
"The failure of TSA puts this nation at risk," said Mica. They cited GAO reports on what they called the "total failure" of its behavior-recognition program, which was supposed to help security personnel spot suspicious behaviors among travelers.
"Get the classified briefing on the failure of the advanced technology," Mica continued. "They went out and bought a half a billion dollars worth of equipment, spent another half a billion to install it and the failure is dramatic. You can read that as members of Congress."
As for the TSA's controversial pat-downs of travelers, Mica says that program's a failure, too. "Everybody's getting pat downs. You think that's helpful? I implore members to get a classified briefing and see, again, the results of that failure."
Since you probably don't have the security clearances necessary to read the classified reports Mica talked about, let's consider the TSA bureaucracy.
Mica says it has "mushroomed" since it was founded after 9/11: "TSA has more employees than the Department of State, the Department of Education, and Labor, and Housing and Urban Development combined!"
They continued, "If you think the bureaucracy in Washington is bad, there are 9,233 non-screener employees at the airports across the country. There are only 400 airports in the program. That's 20 bureaucrats per airport, on average."
Mica's bottom line: "This agency is totally out of control." They intended to ask the House to approve cuts to TSA's budget but withdrew their request this morning, admitting their cuts "were not as surgical as they probably need to be."
But they promised to work with other members of Congress to "improve" TSA's mission.
NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- There are few subjects as multi-dimensional and complex to analyze as is the prospects for hydrogen fuel cell cars obtaining a meaningful market share of new car sales 10-20 years from now. This article is the second in a series, with other articles to come. I recently had the opportunity to become one of the first people outside of Toyota (TM) to spend time with the final production version of its hydrogen fuel cell car (look, not drive). It goes on sale in Japan next April, and in California a couple of months thereafter. The price in U.S. has yet to be announced, but in Japan it will be just under $70,000. Before we get into the broader issues with hydrogen as a fuel, how it compares with gasoline, diesel and battery-electric cars and infrastructure build-out, I need to point out one thing which was not previously well-known: The back seat of this Toyota hydrogen fuel cell car will fit only two people. >>Nissan LEAF: Revisiting the World's Best-Selling Electric Car >>Tesla Motors Q&A: Batteries, Superchargers, Gigafactory and More The fact that you can fit only a total of four people in the car will alone prove to be a limiting factor in terms of selling it in California. General Motors (GM) made a similar mistake with the Chevrolet Volt. Many people who considered the Volt rejected it because they want the option, however infrequently used, to fit a fifth person in the car. The reason Toyota won't fit a fifth person in this new car has only indirectly to do with packaging. Unlike the Volt, there is no overly intrusive "tunnel" making a third back seat passenger difficult. Rather, it has to do with weight concerns: If you engineer a car to hold five people instead of four, you need beefier suspension and more weight in the construction all around. That, in turn, reduces fuel efficiency, and Toyota could not afford that extra weight on the first version of this new type of car. Surely this will change around year 2020 with a new design.
Not that Toyota has any near-term plans for large sales of this first commercially available hydrogen fuel cell car. Production could be as low as 2,500 cars per year. It is a way to test out the broader scaling of the system, learning about real consumer issues. Toyota will then scale the production with an improved car 2020-2024 and then be producing large volumes of a third-generation car starting in 2025. Basically, the ramp would be something like this: 2,500 cars per year 2015-2019, 10,000 to 100,000 cars per year 2020-2024 and then over one million cars per year 2025 and onwards. In terms of styling, the Toyota fuel cell hydrogen car looks like a futuristic version of a Camry, or perhaps a longer Prius. It is taller, reflecting the fact that many of the driveline components are fitted in the floor. It is not a "classically beautiful" car, but rather a "Jetsons here we come" car design. Some people will hate it; others will want to be seen in it in order to make a statement. California fueling stations are now in nine locations, with another similar number being built later in 2014. By the end of 2015, there should be 46 hydrogen stations in California, although some delays are always possible. By 2018 at the latest, there should be 68 and by 2020 at the latest there should be 100. In contrast to electric cars, hydrogen fuel cell cars can be fueled very quickly. It should be possible to fuel at least 350 miles of range in less than 9 minutes. This comes handy in at least two situations: 1. When you are traveling a long distance, such as between San Francisco and San Diego, you don't have to stop multiple times for perhaps an hour in order to charge a battery. You can fuel just about as fast as gasoline/diesel. 2. If you don't have a garage space with an electric outlet, such as if you live in an apartment building and park on the street, you can fuel your car with ease perhaps once a week, and it will take less than nine minutes. I am not taking any sides in the religious wars between battery-electric car technology and hydrogen fuel cells. They have complementary characteristics. In an ideal world, they would dude it out in the marketplace without any government subsidies or other skewing of incentives. One argument we often hear from battery-electric advocates is that hydrogen fuel-cell cars are somehow not as environmentally friendly. They point to hydrogen coming from natural gas, at least in the near term, (It can be made from all sorts of things.) The average consumer doesn't know or care what hydrogen is or how it is made. The average consumer barely knows what gasoline is or how it is made. How hydrogen is made is completely irrelevant to the issue of whether it will succeed in the marketplace or not.
Remember Google Wallet? It's the NFC payment solution that Google launched in 2011. It's morphed a bit over the years into something less NFC-centric and now it's supported by taxi-hailing service Lyft.
Today Lyft announced that passengers could pay for rides using Google's payment service. To enable Google Wallet as a payment option, just navigate to the “payment” section of the app and add Google Wallet.
In related news, Lyft also announced that Google I/O attendees would be provided with discounted rides during the conference on May 28 and 29. Lyft says it will share more details on the discounts in the “coming weeks.”
➤ Google Wallet: The New Way to Pay [Lyft]
Read next: Hype OS X app for HTML5 animation adds responsive layouts and physics support in Pro update
A mediation session between the City of Fredericton and its transit workers ended on Tuesday without any progress, according to both the union and Fredericton mayor Brad Woodside.
Ralph McBride, a national representative for the Canadian Union of Public Employees, which represents the transit workers, said the meeting was from 10:15 a.m. until noon.
"We had our meeting this morning but it didn't produce anything," they said.
The bus drivers and other transit employees voted 73 per cent in favour of a strike on Sunday.
Ralph McBride, CUPE representative, said mediation talks with the city on Tuesday did not produce any progress. (CBC) McBride said the union is not issuing its 24-hour strike notice yet.
"We're doing strike preparation training for our membership this week," they said.
The CUPE official said the training would take "at least several days."
Mayor Woodside issued a brief statement late Tuesday afternoon.
"Further to the meeting that was held this morning between all parties concerning the transit contract, there is no progress to report," it read. "Both parties remain in a position to take job action with 24-hours notice."
The main factor in the contract dispute revolves around wages.
The bus drivers make $22 an hour, which is $2.44 an hour less than their peers in Moncton and $4 an hour less than Saint John drivers. The Fredericton drivers want to move toward wage parity with the Moncton drivers.
"We're not looking for that all in Year 1 or even in this collective agreement," said McBride.
"But we'd like to start moving in that direction. I think the mayor's got it wrong. We're not trying to get $2.44 an hour in the life of this agreement if that is what they are thinking."
The union also wants part-time drivers to be paid at the same rate as full-time drivers, said McBride.
Mayor says deal is fair
Fredericton Mayor Brad Woodside maintains the city's offer is fair and has said it won't be improved upon.
The city's offer included 1.75 per cent annual wage increases in the first three years of a new deal and annual increases of 2.5 per cent in the final two years of an agreement.
The city will also increase biweekly payments for health and other benefits by $25, upping those payments to $200.
Fredericton Mayor Brad Woodside said the city has no plans to alter its final offer. (CBC) The city's offer is the same deal that was accepted by inside workers and outside workers, who are also represented by CUPE, last year.
"The mayor's comments I've heard before," said McBride.
"These comments were made when the outside workers had this issue last winter as well — final offer is final offer. At the end of the day we did come to a deal that was workable for both groups."
Woodside has not ruled out a lockout of the union.
Moncton locked out Codiac Transpo workers in 2012 and it was five months before buses were back on the streets.
Since their nomination, Chuck Hagel‘s road to become the next secretary of defense has not been an easy one — and Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) in particular has been a vocal critic. On this week's Meet the Press, David Gregory questioned McCain, who conceded that Hagel would be confirmed.
Gregory pointed to McCain's “candid” statement about the opposition to Hagel stemming in part from their past criticism of George W. Bush. “Is that to say, senator, that it's payback time?” Gregory asked. “That's what this process has amounted to?”
“Of course not,” McCain replied. Ninety-nine percent of it has to do with their positions he's taken, they added, which have not only been “out of the mainstream” but “far to the left.”
Again, Gregory went back to cite remarks McCain made in the past, wherein they said he'd consider Hagel for their own cabinet. “What's changed?” Gregory asked.
“Time and Chuck Hagel's positions,” McCain said, adding that he's no longer the right-of-center Republican they used to be. “But they will be confirmed,” McCain asserted. “We will have a vote when we get back, and I'm confident that Sen. Hagel will probably have the votes necessary to be confirmed as the secretary of defense.”
But they have an “obligation of advice and consent,” they continued, pointing to “reasonable questions” about the nominee.
“You're not a yes vote for your old friend?” Gregory asked.
“No,” McCain replied. “I don't believe he's qualified, but I don't believe that we should hold up their nomination any further because I think it's a reasonable amount of time to have questions answered.”
Take a look, via NBC:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The Jets selected ArDarius Stewart in the 2017 NFL Draft, and many fans are intrigued as to how they will fit in with the current group of receivers. He's not as highly touted as star Calvin Ridley, but functioned as a very good No. 2 receiver for the Crimson Tide. The “All-22” tapes for college games are far and few in-between, so we are limited in our pool of games. Today, we will be looking at Alabama's loss against Ole Miss in 2015, which is beneficial to us because the Alabama offense did not go into preserving the lead mode late in the game. Let's see how ArDarius Stewart did in this game.
1.
This is a basic “Jet Sweep” and it doesn't go far on this play. Stewart was utilized fairly often on these types of plays, since they showed a good ability to find spaces, akin to a running back. However, Ole Miss has this play bottled up from the start, and there are a couple of missed blocks that lead to a short gain.
2.
It's a running play and Stewart (slot to the left of the formation) is not involved in the play, but they run a crisp route here and would be wide open if this is a pass play. This is one of the harder aspects of scouting players in colleges, because teams play defense based on systems. On most teams, there is little chance that Calvin Ridley and ArDarius Stewart would be one on one with off coverage. However, since Alabama runs the ball so often, teams hedge their bets at times. Notice the space maintained by Stewart on the break, which is produced by a quick cut to the outside. Stewart does show some tendencies to “round off” their routes later in the game, but they also do show the ability to make quick cuts as well in their routes.
3.
The good on this play: Stewart (outside receiver to the right of formation) shows good speed and good hands on this play.  They are slating to the inside as he's running, which makes the CB (already facing inside) to remain facing the middle of the field, and spin around to the outside. The CB loses momentum with the spin around, allowing Stewart more time to create separation. It doesn't matter much on this play, because of the cushion they had in the first place, but in tighter coverage with the NFL, this will come in handy if they can do this consistently. They also make a very good catch, because this ball is thrown somewhat high and they go up and and gets this ball. The bad on this play: Notice how they round their cut to the outside, which allows the CB to close the gap, and hit them as he's coming down with the ball. If it was tighter coverage, the rounded cut would have let the CB back in the play.
4.
This is a staple play from Alabama (and a lot of colleges with some variety- you will see a bunch if you look at Baylor games) where there is an outlet receiver that acts as insurance. This play goes for bare minimum because the blocking is off on the play. The lead blocker (hard to tell the number from the tape) abandons their block early, leaving the defender free to attack Stewart (outside receiver to right of formation). Cooper Bateman started this game for Alabama (later Jake Coker takes over) and they miss a huge opportunity to the left side of the field. Although, this play should have been more successful because there is only one defender near two Alabama players. Unfortunately, the lead defender abandons their block for some reason, and blows the play.
5.
The defense is in zone coverage, and Stewart (outside receiver to the right of formation) is on their way to being open in coverage, but the QB decides to throw it up into double coverage instead.
6.
Even though they end up being tackled before the end zone, Stewart (slot receiver to the right of formation) shows very good hands here because the ball is thrown behind him. They have to completely turn around to catch this ball, and does a 360 degree spin in the middle of this route. It also doesn't help that one Alabama player fell down, which freed their defender to come and tackle ArDarius Stewart.
7.
On this play, there seems to be major miscommunication. Stewart (second slot receiver to the right of formation) runs a double move, while the QB throws the ball as if the play call only called for a single move to the outside and up the field. There is a chance that the QB is throwing the ball to the outside receiver, but they are nowhere near the ball, and Stewart's trajectory at the time of the QB's release matches up with where the ball eventually landed. There are a few instances in this game, and during the year where Stewart did not seem to be in-sync with their QB, especially on deep passes.
8.
Stewart (outside receiver to right of formation) is wide open on one of those safety valve routes. However, QB ignores them and throws an incomplete pass instead.
9.
The CB playing Stewart (outside receiver to the right of formation) gives them a big cushion to start this play, and Stewart takes advantage. They run a comeback route and stops extremely well. He's not involved in the pass, but this is a very good comeback route by Stewart, and they are wide open had the QB chosen to pass them the ball.
10.
Stewart (outside receiver to the right of formation) is facing zone defense on this play, and they find open space for a target. Notice the route path, because there is an outside CB that they have to worry about in zone, but they split the CB and LB, which causes the CB to stay further up field. If they run the same route adjacent to the CB, then it's more likely the CB floats backwards to cover the back end of their zone. Stewart does a very good job with the route, and makes a decent cut to the outside, but the ball is wildly overthrown, as it lands out of bounds.
11.
This play goes for an incomplete pass, but Stewart (slot receiver to the left of the formation) is wide open on this play. Notice how they set up this route by slanting their route path to the inside, which causes the defender to turn their hips to the inside. Once the defender turns their hips, Stewart goes outside, which forces the defender to turn around, and therefore lose momentum. We have now seen a couple of instances where Stewart has adeptly manipulated the hips of defenders to their advantage.  They are open for the pass, but isn't involved in the play.
12.
On this play, Stewart is running a “Jet Sweep” again, but with a twist. As most of you know by now, ArDarius Stewart played QB in HS before moving full time to WR. On this play, they are to throw a pass on this “Jet Sweep” but they realize that the CB hasn't disengaged from the receiver, and has safety help over the top, thus they decide to run with the ball for minimal gain. They showed superior play recognition than Ryan Fitzpatrick on this play.
13.
This play has Stewart going in motion right before the ball is snapped, and the whole set up is to have three players (OJ Howard, Stewart, and Drake from backfield) match up against two defenders to the right side of the formation. However, the QB gets a blitz and looks at the wrong side of the field, which causes an incomplete pass. Once again, Stewart was open for an easy pass.
14.
Stewart (outside receiver to the right of the formation) shows off their speed on this play, as they run by their defender down the field. They show explosive speed and is a good two steps past their defender. Unfortunately for him, the QB gets flushed out of the pocket and forced to scramble.
15.
This is a hot read from Coker and Stewart (slot to the right of the formation), so as soon as the defense shows blitz, they have a quick pass option set up. It's a good route and catch, but what is impressive is the last ditch effort to gain an extra yard with the flip at the end. Scouts have noted that Stewart doesn't go down easily, so it's good to see the effort to gain an extra yard.
16.
Stewart (outside receiver to the right of formation) scores a TD on this play. This is a play you have seen before, because if you are reading diligently this far down the article, you have also watched all of their highlight tapes as well. This TD is featured on most highlight reels, although it's not quite as impressive as they make it out to be. It's a simple route, and good catch. However, the play is really made by the horrible angle taken by the defender. If the defender takes a straight angle to the receiver, they probably have a good chance of tackling him, but the defender takes the outside angle, which allows Stewart to move inside. Stewart makes a great cut to avoid the safety, so the run after the catch and their open field ability to make the cut is impressive. However, the root problem for this TD is really the defender, who seems to realize he's on an island and wants to cut off the outside turn as much as possible.
17.
Stewart (outside receiver to the right of formation) runs a double move again, and once again it seems like the QB assumed that it was a single move route. The QB did face pressure again, but this is another example where the QB and receiver just aren't on the same page.
18.
This is a great catch and route by Stewart (outside receiver to the right of the formation), as they set up the defender brilliantly again. Once again, notice the angle of the route and the hip direction of their defender. Stewart slants the route inside enough to keep the primary CB facing the field, so when they make their cut to the outside, the defender has to turn around again. They also make a great catch on this play, as he's going out of bounds. This is an expertly run route and they show off good hands.
19.
On this play Stewart (outside receiver to the right of the formation) runs right by their defender. They show very good speed and explosion and gets two steps on their defender, but the ball is under-thrown. Good thing they have Robby Anderson on the team, they can share their experiences with each other.
20.
Stewart (slot receiver to the left of formation) isn't involved in the play, but they run a good route and is open for the pass, but the QB throws the ball to the other side.
21.
On this play, Stewart (outside receiver to the right of formation) runs a simple crossing route, and is open for the pass, but the QB rushes with the ball. Again, they run a good route and gains separation from the defender, but is ignored on the play.
22.
This is a horrible play by Stewart (outside receiver to the right of the formation) because they don't look back for the ball as he's running past the defender. In their defense, the underthrow is unpredictable because the QB absolutely got destroyed on this play, which negated their ability to throw the ball further down the field. However, Stewart has their head facing the wrong way and doesn't read the safety's reaction until it's too late. It's an easy interception for the defense.
23.
The Alabama offense is in desperate mode as they are down 6 with under a minute to go, with the defense is prevented mode. The route isn't special, but the throw is off-line. However, Stewart has to make this catch considering the situation, even though the pass is not ideal. They get their hand on the ball, which is thrown behind him, but they can not come up with the ball.
Conclusion:
Speed: Stewart shows excellent speed on the field in this game, as they run by their defender a couple of times. However, it should be noted that Alabama did not primarily use them as the deep threat, which is more justifiably reserved for Calvin Ridley. Since it is a run first offense, the opportunity to show off the speed is few and far in between.
Route: They show a very good ability to set up their defenders with subtle changes in their route angle. There are some instances where they are rounding off their routes, which could be problematic in the NFL. Unfortunately, there are instances where the receivers tend to not be involved in plays when there is a running play called to the inside. This is similar to Baylor telling it's receivers to take plays off when they aren't involved.
Hands: Stewart shows good hands, but not great hands. They can make some very nice catches, but they also can drop passes that may not be perfect. While it's hard to criticize a receiver for dropping passes that are thrown behind him, it's not completely out of the question that a receiver with great hands brings in those passes.
Toughness: They show good toughness and is a willing blocker. Those examples aren't highlighted here because your phone (or computer) is struggling enough to load these gifs, we don't want to kill it. They do miss some assignments with blocks especially if he's supposed to read the defense before blocking, but when he's given a straight target, they do well with blocking.
Agility: Stewart shows good agility in the open field, but he's not going to remind anyone of Tavon Austin or Tyreek Hill.  They are more of a one cut runner, that fights up field rather than trying to make tacklers miss in the open field. Their style of running is reminiscent of Quincy Enunwa.
Overall, Stewart looks like a good receiver with the potential to be a good No. 2 type receiver. They may grow into something more than that because they do have the physical gifts, but there are things that they need to work on before being a good player in the NFL. It's hard to judge players from systems that are slanted towards one style of offense (be it Air Raid with passing or triple option with running) so there is some mystery to Stewart. It is feasible that their stats would be much higher if they were the primary focus of an offense, but it's also feasible that a great running game coupled with a stud receiver in Calvin Ridley caused Stewart to see lax coverage. Jets' fans should be excited about the pick, because they do show some potential, but they shouldn't expect them to be a star out of the gate.
Forum Question(s)
Amedia fracas broke out this past week over Julia Baird's reports on the ABC about links between Christian teachings and domestic violence against women. My personal experiences as an Anglican pastor resonated with much that Baird reported. They made valuable points about the impact of particular Christian teachings and Bible verses on some women, such as the injunction in St Paul's letter to the Ephesians for wives to ‘submit' to their husbands. I did not see their work as an attack on Christianity.
However Baird's findings, which included harrowing interviews with victims of abuse, were overshadowed by disputes about a report they gave of American research findings concerning the connection between Christian faith and domestic abuse. This report was headlined by the ABC as: ‘Research shows that the men most likely to abuse their wives are evangelical Christians who attend church sporadically.'
Andrew Bolt challenged Baird's use of the American research in the Herald Sun and on Sky News. They pointed out that the research they cited actually shows that the more people are involved in church, the less domestic violence they commit. This consistent finding confirmed by multiple studies works against, not in favour of, their core thesis that Christian teachings can make domestic violence worse.
The plot thickened when Steven Tracy, the researcher Baird named as their source for the American findings, came to their defence with a follow-up article for the ABC. On the other hand, W. Bradford Wilcox, who had conducted the primary research upon which Tracy had themselves relied, condemned Baird's report in the Australian as ‘illogical, unfair and quite possibly inaccurate'. They had, Wilcox said, painted a ‘relentlessly negative picture of the influence that Christianity has had on domestic violence'.
In this controversy, a careful examination of the chain of evidence reveals a ‘Chinese whispers' effect in the way research findings have been distorted. In this chain Steven Tracy was the weakest link. Baird had crucially relied on an article published by Tracy in 2008, and quoted Tracy's statement that ‘It is widely accepted by abuse experts that… evangelical men who sporadically attend church are more likely than men of any other religious group (and more likely than secular men) to assault their wives'. This report Tracy referenced back to a footnote in one of their earlier articles, published in 2007, in which they had referenced five studies of domestic violence, four from North America, and one from New Zealand. All five studies reported an inverse association between church attendance and domestic violence. However only one report – Soft Patriarchs, New Men, by Wilcox – had reported that nominal conservative Protestant men were more abusive towards their wives than non-affiliated men. (Wilcox's research had also found that active conservative Protestant men were the least abusive of all the categories they investigated.) Of the remaining four studies, one by Brinkerhoff, Grandin and Lupri found that religious denomination was not significant for predicting abuse, and that conservative Christian men do not abuse their partners more than other Christian men. Furthermore, the New Zealand study reported that the worst abusers were not nominal Christians, but non-churchgoers.
In both their 2007 and 2008 articles, Tracy appears to have misrepresented evidence from their own referenced sources. Far from it being ‘widely accepted' that nominal conservative Protestants are the worst abusers, only one of the five studies they themselves referenced supported their conclusion, and two contradicted it.
Both Tracy and Wilcox are experts in their respective fields, but Wilcox is the sociologist who did the primary research. Tracy, the theologian, got out of their depth when they attempted to summarise the social science findings. They latched onto one study which was in conflict with two other studies they also cited, and then claimed they were reporting a ‘widely accepted' consensus.
When Tracy leapt to Baird's defence by confirming that they had cited them accurately – which was true – what was missing was self-awareness about having misreported the primary research of others. Writing for the ABC they said ‘Baird and Gleeson cited precisely what I found in the published research'. Not so. They merely reported what Tracy said they had found. Baird should have chased down Tracy's footnoted references and checked the primary findings rather than relying on Tracy's analysis.
It is also regrettable that Tracy's brief literature survey did not make mention of studies showing that non-religious factors can have a greater influence on domestic violence than religious attributes. For example, a 2007 research report by Ellison et al. compared the impact of race and religious observance in America. The authors' research showed that, while increased Christian observance was associated with less abuse across all racial groups, the association of racial difference with domestic violence was stronger than religious factors.
Furthermore, since none of the American studies referenced by Tracy had made comparisons between Christianity and other faiths, it was misleading for Tracy to claim that evangelical men were more likely to assault their wives ‘than men of any other religious group'.
Since non-religious factors can show a stronger association with domestic violence, and differences between religions were not taken into account in the research Baird relied on, it was particularly egregious that the ABC's headline stereotyped one type of evangelical man as the group most likely to abuse their wives.
Wilcox and Tracy's polar opposite responses to Baird's work, the one denouncing, and the other praising it, are a parable of our times. In recent years a replicability crisis has been raging in the social sciences. Meta-research studies have found that an embarrassingly high proportion of published research has non-replicable results.
Mix all this up with the culture wars, the feminist critique of patriarchy pummelling away at Christianity, and you can quickly get a toxic, chaotic mess into which truth quietly sinks from view.
This is a salutary lesson about how a few sloppy footnotes can be amplified into a media headline trumpeting an odious stereotype as if it were a proven fact.
Caveat lector.
The Good Survivor is able to recount in perfect detail every event of their violation.
The Good Survivor realized it was abuse while it was happening and got out of it shortly after. They weren't weak enough to stick around, and they didn't spend years thinking what happened was normal.
The Good Survivor won't expect anyone to “take sides.”
The Good Survivor won't show you their scars and won't burden you by bringing up the abuse at inconvenient times.
The Good Survivor won't cope with the aftermath of their abuse in unhealthy ways. The Good Survivor will instinctively know “the right ways” to cope.
The Good Survivor will never use the term “victim.” Victims are weak, survivors are strong. The Good Survivor must always be strong.
The Good Survivor won't lash out at you without warning. The Good Survivor has no anger, no rage, no bitterness to display.
The Good Survivor is quiet and well-behaved.
The Good Survivor doesn't talk about it much.
The Good Survivor will regularly attend therapy and dedicate all of their energy to recovering at all times.
The Good Survivor will not let flashbacks get in the way of their everyday activities.
The Good Survivor will stop having nightmares.
The Good Survivor will eventually accept what happened to them.
The Good Survivor will learn to forgive and move on with their lives.
The Good Survivor will bury their suffering and break themselves into little pieces for you.
Here's to the Bad Survivors who couldn't do that.
by Murray N. Rothbard by Murray N. Rothbard
DIGG THIS
The following is Chapter 44 of The Irrepressible Rothbard.
How can anyone, finding themselves surrounded by a rising tide of evil, fail to do their utmost to fight against it? In our century, we have been inundated by a flood of evil, in the form of collectivism, socialism, egalitarianism, and nihilism. It has always been crystal clear to me that we have a compelling moral obligation, for the sake of ourselves, our loved ones, our posterity, our friends, our neighbors, and our country, to do battle against that evil.
It has therefore always been a mystery to me how people who have seen and identified this evil and have therefore entered the lists against it, either gradually or suddenly abandon that fight. How can one see the truth, understand one's compelling duty, and then, simply give up and even go on to betray the cause and its comrades? And yet, in the two movements and their variations that I have been associated with, libertarian and conservative, this happens all the time.
Conservatism and libertarianism, after all, are “radical” movements, that is, they are radically and strongly opposed to existing trends of statism and immorality. How, then, can someone who has joined such a movement, as an ideologue or activist or financial supporter, simply give up the fight? Recently, I asked a perceptive friend of mine how so-and-so could abandon the fight? They answered that “he's the sort of person who wants a quiet life, who wants to sit in front of the TV, and who doesn't want to hear about any trouble.” But in that case, I said in anguish, “why do these people become ‘radicals' in the first place? Why do they proudly call themselves ‘conservatives' or ‘libertarians'?” Unfortunately, no answer was forthcoming.
Sometimes, people give up the fight because, they say, the cause is hopeless. We've lost, they say. Defeat is inevitable. The great economist Joseph Schumpeter wrote in 1942 that socialism is inevitable, that capitalism is doomed not by its failures but by its very successes, which had given rise to a group of envious and malevolent intellectuals who would subvert and destroy capitalism from within. Their critics charged Schumpeter with counseling defeatism to the defenders of capitalism. Schumpeter replied that if someone points out that a rowboat is inevitably sinking, is that the same thing as saying: don't do the best you can to bail out the boat?
In the same vein, assume for a minute that the fight against the statist evil is a lost cause, why should that imply abandoning the battle? In the first place, as gloomy as things may look, the inevitable may be postponed a bit. Why isn't that worthwhile? Isn't it better to lose in thirty years than to lose now? Second, at the very worst, it's great fun to tweak and annoy and upset the enemy, to get back at the monster. This in itself is worthwhile. One shouldn't think of the process of fighting the enemy as dour gloom and misery. On the contrary, it is highly inspiring and invigorating to take up arms against a sea of troubles instead of meeting them in supine surrender, and by opposing, perhaps to end them, and if not at least to give it a good try, to get in one's licks.
And finally, what the heck, if you fight the enemy, you might win! Think of the brave fighters against Communism in Poland and the Soviet Union who never gave up, who fought on against seemingly impossible odds, and then, bingo, one day Communism collapsed. Certainly the chances of winning are a lot greater if you put up a fight than if you simply give up.
In the conservative and libertarian movements there have been two major forms of surrender, of abandonment of the cause. The most common and most glaringly obvious form is one we are all too familiar with: the sellout. The young libertarian or conservative arrives in Washington, at some think-tank or in Congress or as an administrative aide, ready and eager to do battle, to roll back the State in service to their cherished radical cause. And then something happens: sometimes gradually, sometimes with startling suddenness. You go to some cocktail parties, you find that the Enemy seems very pleasant, you start getting enmeshed in Beltway marginalia, and pretty soon you are placing the highest importance on some trivial committee vote, or on some piddling little tax cut or amendment, and eventually you are willing to abandon the battle altogether for a cushy contract, or a plush government job. And as this sellout process continues, you find that your major source of irritation is not the statist enemy, but the troublemakers out in the field who are always yapping about principle and even attacking you for selling out the cause. And pretty soon you and The Enemy have an indistinguishable face.
We are all too familiar with this sellout route and it is easy and proper to become indignant at this moral treason to a cause that is just, to the battle against evil, and to your own once cherished comrades. But there is another form of abandonment that is not as evident and is more insidious  and I don't mean simply loss of energy or interest. In this form, which has been common in the libertarian movement but is also prevalent in sectors of conservatism, the militant decides that the cause is hopeless, and gives up by deciding to abandon the corrupt and rotten world, and retreat in some way to a pure and noble community of one's own. To Randians, it's “Galt's Gulch,” from Rand's novel, Atlas Shrugged. Other libertarians keep seeking to form some underground community, to “capture” a small town in the West, to go “underground” in the forest, or even to build a new libertarian country on an island, in the hills, or whatever. Conservatives have their own forms of retreatism. In each case, the call arises to abandon the wicked world, and to form some tiny alternative community in some backwoods retreat. Long ago, I labeled this view, “retreatism.” You could call this strategy “neo-Amish,” except that the Amish are productive farmers, and these groups, I'm afraid, never make it up to that stage.
The rationale for retreatism always comes couched in High Moral as well as pseudo-psychological terms. These “purists,” for example, claim that they, in contrast to us benighted fighters, are “living liberty,” that they are emphasizing “the positive” instead of focusing on the “negative,” that they are “living liberty” and living a “pure libertarian life,” whereas we grubby souls are still living in the corrupt and contaminated real world. For years, I have been replying to these sets of retreatists that the real world, after all, is good; that we libertarians may be anti-State, but that we are emphatically not anti-society or opposed to the real world, however contaminated it might be. We propose to continue to fight to save the values and the principles and the people we hold dear, even though the battlefield may get muddy. Also, I would cite the great libertarian Randolph Bourne, who proclaimed that we are American patriots, not in the sense of patriotic adherents to the State but to the country, the nation, to our glorious traditions and culture that are under dire attack.
Our stance should be, in the famous words of Dos Passos, even though they said them as a Marxist, “all right, we are two nations.” “America” as it exists today is two nations; one is their nation, the nation of the corrupt enemy, of their Washington, D.C., their brainwashing public school system, their bureaucracies, their media, and the other is our, much larger, nation, the majority, the far nobler nation that represents the older and the truer America. We are the nation that is going to win, that is going to take America back, no matter how long it takes. It is indeed a grave sin to abandon that nation and that America short of victory.
But are we then emphasizing “the negative”? In a sense, yes, but what else are we to stress when our values, our principles, our very being are under attack from a relentless foe? But we have to realize, first, that in the very course of accentuating the negative we are also emphasizing the positive. Why do we fight against, yes even hate, the evil? Only because we love the good, and our stress on the “negative” is only the other side of the coin, the logical consequence, of our devotion to the good, to the positive values and principles that we cherish. There is no reason why we can't stress and spread our positive values at the same time that we battle against their enemies. The two actually go hand in hand.
Among conservatives and some libertarians, these retreats sometimes took the form of holing up in the woods or in a cave, huddling amidst a year's supply of canned peaches and guns and ammo, waiting resolutely to guard the peaches and the cave from the nuclear explosion or from the Communist army. They never came; and even the cans of peaches must be deteriorating by now. The retreat was futile. But now, in 1993, the opposite danger is looming: namely, retreatist groups face the awful menace of being burned out and massacred by the intrepid forces of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms in their endless quest for shotguns one millimeter shorter than some regulation decrees, or for possible child abuse. Retreatism is beginning to loom as a quick road to disaster.
Of course, in the last analysis, none of these retreats, generally announced with great fanfare as the way to purity if not victory, have amounted to a hill of beans; they are simply a rationale, a half-way house, to total abandonment of the cause, and to disappearance from the stage of history. The fascinating and crucial point to note is that both of these routes  even though seemingly diametrically opposite, end up inexorably at the same place. The sellout abandons the cause and betrays their comrades, for money or status or power; the retreatist, properly loathing the sellouts, concludes that the real world is impure and retreats out of it; in both cases, whether in the name of “pragmatism” or in the name of “purity,” the cause, the fight against evil in the real world, is abandoned. Clearly, there is a vast moral difference in the two courses of action. The sellouter is morally evil; the retreatist, in contrast, is, to put it kindly, terribly misguided. The sellouts are not worth talking to; the retreatists must realize that it is not betraying the cause, far from it, to fight against evil; and not to abandon the real world.
The retreatist becomes indifferent to power and oppression, likes to relax and say who cares about material oppression when the inner soul is free. Well sure, it's good to have freedom of the inner soul. I know the old bromides about how thought is free and how the prisoner is free in their inner heart. But call me a low-life materialist if you wish, but I believe, and I thought all libertarians and conservatives believed to their core, that man deserves more than that, that we are not content with the inner freedom of the prisoner in their cell, that we raise the good old cry of “Liberty and Property,” that we demand liberty in our external, real world of space and dimension. I thought that that's what the fight was all about.
Let's put it this way: we must not abandon our lives, our properties, our America, the real world, to the barbarians. Never. Let us act in the spirit of that magnificent hymn that James Russell Lowell set to a lovely Welsh melody: Once to every man and nation Comes the moment to decide, In the strife of truth with falsehood, For the good or evil side; Some great cause, God's new Messiah, Offering each the bloom or blight, And the choice goes by forever Twixt that darkness and that light. Though the cause of evil prosper, Yet 'tis truth alone is strong; Though their portion be the scaffold, And upon the throne be wrong, Yet that scaffold sways the future, And, behind the dim unknown, Standeth God within the shadow Keeping watch above Theirs own.
Murray N. Rothbard (19261995) was the author of Man, Economy, and State, Conceived in Liberty, What Has Government Done to Our Money, For a New Liberty, The Case Against the Fed, and many other books and articles. They were also the editor  with Lew Rockwell  of The Rothbard-Rockwell Report.
Murray Rothbard Archives
The Best of Murray N. Rothbard
'​ Justice League,' although not entirely succeeding in the box office, did fairly well and introduced new characters, plots, and relationships. Most importantly, however, is the revival of Superman. The most costly decision for the entire movie.
Now, I know what you're thinking, “oh yeah, a Justice League movie without Superman is such a great idea. What's next, a sequel to Green Lantern?” First off, don't jinx us. Secondly, it's not Superman that cost DC money; it's their mustache.
Henry Cavill, in their role for 'Mission Impossible 6,' contractually required them to grow and keep their mustache. Although Warner Brothers offered to pay for all the beard adding shots in MI6, Paramount Pictures refused to let them shave for 'Justice League.' While you might have noticed the villain for the movie, Steppenwolf, was created almost entirely through CGI and special effects, you might not have noticed that an equal amount of special effects were added to Clark Kent's features in every frame.
JUSTICE LEAGUE EXEC: We can just CGI Henry Cavill's mustache out it will be fine and not look weird at all
HENRY CAVILL: pic.twitter.com/Ag41j6LbPn — Dana Schwartz (@DanaSchwartzzz) November 17, 2017
If you pay close attention, the Superman's upper lip is distorted in every shot. It might seem like gossip and unimportant, yet this small change was a significant factor in the use of millions of dollars in special effects. How many millions? Excellent question, but if something costs more than one million it's a concern.
Not only were the ​special effects artists bothered with the task, but fans have taken notice of specific, awkward shots that support the claim that Superman is, in fact, an alien.
I don't understand the complaints. The cgi removal of Henry Cavill's mustache is barely noticeable. pic.twitter.com/nKoUrqj6y8 — Connor Behrens (@ConnorFilm) November 17, 2017
This disruption might have destroyed some of Superman's integrity, yet at least Cavill is happy to be a superhero regardless of performance, unlike a certain other celebrity.
I recently made a post about the collection and meta card game aspects of Duelyst. In this post, I'm going to focus on the actual tactics gameplay that takes place within your typical match.
Positioning
One of the most central aspects of any tactics-style game is positioning, and Duelyst is no exception. Where you're allowed to and where you choose to place your units has a massive effect on a match. Positioning is essential in Duelyst for a number of different reasons.
First, positioning dictates where new units can be summoned. New units can only be summoned on tiles surrounding your general or one of your existing units. This restriction increases the utility of rush units, units that can move and attack the same turn that they're summoned, because they have a second function as mobile summoning pads.
Second, (and this one is probably obvious) positioning controls the movement of units in battle. You can freely pass through your own units, but not your opponents' . Therefore, careful placing of units can protect your general or high value units by preventing enemy units from reaching them. Provoke minions, minions that prevent surrounding enemy minions from moving or attacking anything other than the provoke minion (similar to taunt in Hearthstone), provide even more control and protection.
That is not to say a wall of carefully placed minions will guarantee safety. Some minions have ways to move other minions around the battlefield. A provoked minion won't provide any protection if its teleported from the fray of the fight to the corner of the battlefield.
In addition, there are minions that aren't as restricted by their position on the battlefield as others. Ranged minions can attack any unit on the battlefield. Flying units can move to any unoccupied space on the battlefield. Of course, ranged minions can't attack a different minion if they're provoked, and flying minions can't fly away if they're provoked as well. Another exception to positioning restrictions, airdrop units can be summoned on any unoccupied space on the battlefield.
Consistency
Consistency is more of a CCG concern than a tactics concern, but there's no way I could talk about Duelyst's gameplay without mentioning its systems to ensure deck consistency.
More than any other CCG I've played, Duelyst strives for consistency. Like Hearthstone, mana is automatically granted at the start of each turn, so you don't have to worry about drawing mana. Also, you're allowed a partial mulligan at the start of each game, only sending away the cards you don't want. However, the single biggest factor in increasing consistency is the ability to replace cards. Every turn, you can shuffle a single card in your hand into your deck to draw a new card. This makes finding removal or critical cards significantly easier. In addition, the the replacement system allows you to run more tech and niche cards without worrying that they'll clog up your hand.
The randomness in Duelyst is relatively limited, but it still does have a few RNG-based cards that make games less consistent and more in the hands of of RNJesus. In the above picture, you can see one of the worst RNG cards in the game, Chrysalis Burst, which I'll go on to complain about later. But as a whole, there's far less RNG present in Duelyst than in Hearthstone.
This level of consistency might sound like a dream come true to a card game player, but it's a double-edged sword. Your deck is more consistent, but so is your opponent's. Combo decks are much stronger in Duelyst than other CCGS because finding the combo pieces is much easier, and combo decks can sometimes be frustrating to play against. I'll go into this a bit more when I talk about interactivity.
Snowballing
One of Duelyst's flaws is that games can quickly snowball out of control if you lack plays in the early game. Partial mulligans and card replacement make the inability to find an early game play a rarity, but when it does happen, you will likely get stomped into the ground.
The snowballing issue is partially caused by weak AoE removal. With the exception of Lyonar's Tempest, AoE removal in Duelyst is very conditional. And its conditional nature means skilled players play around it.
Another cause of the snowballing issue is the existence of Mana Springs. Three tiles in the middle of the battlefield have a single-use Mana Spring on them. If your general or a=one of your units enters the tile of a Mana Spring, you get one additional mana to spend that turn. The issue with the Mana Springs is that if your opponent has a strong opening with solid early game minions and you don't, they can more easily claim the Mana Springs and further improve their opening.
Interactivity
My biggest complaint about Duelyst is the brutal amount of damage that can come out of player's hand. Every so often, the stars will align for your opponent and you're gonna be really mad when the game ends.
Songhai
The Songhai are probably the worst offenders of non-interactive play. Some of their units have to backstab ability, meaning that they deal additional damage if attacking from behind. This would be fine on its own, but Songhai also has inner focus. Inner focus allows units to move and attack again. It's limited in that it can only be used on minions with base power three or less, but because backstab units tend have a low base power (less than three), they can be reactivated with Inner Focus even if their backstab attack will deal more than three damage. You can prevent some of the nonsense by using provoke minions, or having minions protect your general's back. However, Songhai has access to Juxtaposition, and other tricky cards that mean that you're never truly safe.
Vetruvian
The Vetruvian, in general, are pretty fair and predictable. However, they also have a powerful combo in the form of Stars' Fury and Scion's Third Wish. Scion's Third Wish is very strong, but has the restriction that you need to cast it on three different minions. This makes Stars' fury a perfect match for it. Stars' Fury can be played around by lining up your minions so the tile in front of them is occupied and therefore the minimum amount of dervishes spawns. And although you can reduce the amount of dervishes that will spawn from Stars' Fury, sometimes it's not reasonable to reduce the total number of enemy units plus spawned dervishes below three to play around Scion's Third Wish. It's not too bad though, a decently placed provoke minion will stop the combo in its tracks.
Abyssian
For those familiar with Hearthstone, Abyssian might be described as the Face Hunter of Duelyst. They have a lot of spells that deal damage directly, and sometimes they can win by going straight for your general and ignoring all the units you summon.There's really no counter-play to recommend here other than to run a bit of healing in your deck.
Lyonar
Lyonar's main burst is achieved through a spell called Divine Bond. It gives a minion additional attack equal to its health. This can lead to some crazy burst, since Lyonar tends to run minions that have relatively low attack but very high health. Your instinct might be to ignore low attack, high health minions because they don't appear to pose too much of a threat and they're difficult to kill. However, clearing Lyonar minions aggressively will protect you from this combo. It's also worth noting that the attack gain is equal to current health, not maximum health, so even if you can't kill a minion outright, you can reduce the damage it represents through divine bond.
Magmar
Magmar doesn't have too much burst, but I do want to take a moment to mention a particular card. Chrysalis Burst is probably my least favorite card in Duelyst. It spawns eggs containing random Magmar minions on random tiles. The vast spectrum of possibilities this randomness creates is what's so frustrating. If the eggs spawn close to your army, they might be easy to deal with and Chrysalis burst would have been a waste for the Magmar player. Alternatively, all of the eggs could spawn on the far side of the battlefield and you could ignore them if the game's coming to a close. However, the eggs might also spawn just outside your attack range so that you can't kill them and they're going to be a threat when they hatch. Furthermore, the minions that hatch could either be low cost minions that aren't that big of a deal, or incredibly powerful expensive beaters. Chrysalis Burst can be either useless or game winning. Usually it's somewhere in-between, but when either of those extremes occur, it feels bad.
Vanar
Again, I'm going to leave Vanar out of my discussion because I don't play against it frequently enough to have a good idea of how it plays.
Conclusion
I hate to end on a negative note, because as a whole, I really enjoy Duelyst. The games I lose to frustrating non-interactive stuff or my opponent snowballing out of control are
far outnumbered by awesome back and forth strategic tactics battles. Furthermore, all the non-interactive cards I mentioned above can be played around to some extent to at least lessen their impact. All in all, if you like either CCGS or Tactics Style combat, Duelyst is great game that's worth checking out. If you're interested in Duelyst, you can check out their website, forums, or wiki.
Hairdresser who gained a staggering 27st due to severe sleep apnoea loses 15st to become slim size 12
Michelle Shufflebotham would stop breathing a shocking 666 times a night
The mother-of-two would doze off up to 20 times a day - even when standing up
Michelle, 40, had gastric surgery and as the weight dropped off, their apnoea subsided
A hairdresser has lost 15st after they discovered a sleep disorder which caused them to stop breathing hundreds of times a night was at the root of their massive weight gain.
Michelle Shufflebotham was forced to quit their job after their sleep apnoea led them to nod off while they were cutting a client's hair.
Unaware the potentially deadly condition was depriving them of sleep every night, Michelle ballooned to 27st after the illness left them depressed and exhausted.
For 12 years, mother-of-two Michelle suffered from the sleep disorder which meant they would stop breathing in their sleep for up to ten seconds at a time.
Severe: Michelle's sleep deprivation made them depressed and exhausted, and saw their balloon from a size 14 to a size 34 in the space of ten years
When diagnosed, it was revealed they fell short of breath a shocking 666 times in just four hours after they ballooned from a size 14 to a size 34 in the space of just ten years.
Michelle, 40, from Stoke, Staffs., would doze off up to 20 times in a day and, as their weight crept, up their problems increased. Eventually a doctor told them they had just one year left to live.
Now, after £9,000 bariatric surgery to reduce the size of their stomach, carried out on the NHS, Michelle, is a healthy 12st and is finally able to enjoy a decent night's sleep, thanks to the fact that their dramatic weight loss has helped prevent the collapse of the upper airways that causes the breathing stoppages.
Michelle said: 'I would just never sleep at night time, which meant I would doze off anywhere, anytime during the day.
'It started when we went on holiday over 10 years ago. I constantly felt tired, but didn't think it was anything serious.
Suffocating: Michelle's sleep apnoea meant they stopped breathing for more than 10 seconds at a time up to 666 times a night
'But it got worse and worse, I had no energy and just piled on the weight.
'The scariest point was falling asleep cutting a customer's hair. It was awful. It would also happen in front of my friends.
'Sometimes they would spray cold water in my face to wake me up. I was so embarrassed.'
Michelle would fall asleep whilst holding hot drinks or travelling on the bus and would often fall off the sofa in front of their daughter's friends.
The condition even caused them to drop the scissors they were holding and nod off while they were cutting a client's hair.
Embarrassment forced them to give up work completely and the irregular rest saw their self esteem fall to an all-time low.
Michelle ended up gorging on comfort foods, eventually tipping the scales at 171 kilos in 2008.
Medics discovered they had just 35 per cent of the the oxygen they required in their lungs meaning they struggled to walk and was forced to sit down to do any household chore.
With little energy and a body mass index of 59, they agreed to the life-saving weight loss surgery in 2009.
Sleep apnoea is a reduction or pause of breathing during sleep for 10 seconds or more.
Doctors at University Hospital of North Staffordshire said they had never seen a case of the condition as bad as Michelle's.
They said: 'I also suffered from polycystic ovaries and was mentally and physically exhausted all the time.
'I became a prisoner in my own home. I was just a recluse by the end, I was so big I couldn't do anything. My self esteem was just so low, I
would cry all the time.
'I would sit on a stool to do anything and didn't go up the stairs at home for years. If I needed anything, I would get the kids to go.
'To do my washing I would wheel myself in a chair from the washing machine to the dryer. Walking a few paces was a nightmare.
'When they gave me a year to live I knew I had to have the operation.'
Now that they are 15 stone lighter, Michelle still keeps a pair of size 30 shorts in their wardrobe as a reminder of their former miserable existence.
They say their children Jade, 19, and Carl, 17, have enjoyed seeing them change their habit of calling out for takeaways most nights of the week - after they had no energy to cook.
Husband Carl, senior, 42, had also become overweight and was frustrated at having to do all of the family's shopping.
After weighing 15 stone having given birth to their two kids, Michelle said the condition overtook their attempts to be slimmer.
Unhealthy: Michelle Shufflebotham's sleep apnoea affected their health so much that they gained 27st and fell asleep up to 20 times a day - even when standing up
They admit they were in denial about their weight and by 2007 would just focus on what they would eat next to ignore their tiredness and health problems. They said: 'I was a bad yo-yo dieter. I would go to the slimming classes, lose a stone, then give up and gain three back on. 'As a family we're all now a lot healthier than we used to be. But I was just lazy. My friends never had the heart to say you need to do something. 'When my daughter's friends saw me fall asleep and fall off the sofa they were in fits of laughter. 'The few times I went out I would get a taxi, sit on a stool for a few hours where I had gone to and come home again extremely depressed. 'Getting clothes to fit me was expensive and I lost so much pride in my appearance that I would slob round the house in a big nightie most of the day.
'It was only when I went to my GP and burst into tears that we started to get the ball rolling to having the operation.'
Michelle now loves clothes shopping, going for nights out again and hitting the gym three times a week after the successful surgery.
They have also returned to their job cutting the hair of friends and family and hopes to return to full-time work at a salon soon.
Declined: As Michelle's weight crept, up their problems increased. Eventually a doctor told them they had just one year left to live - and they decided to go for gastric surgery to reduce the size of their stomach
But they are shocked they would now not qualify for the NHS procedure in the future if new rules are brought in because they do not suffer from a range of other illnesses.
They said: 'As this is such a life-saver I cannot believe the health bodies are thinking about reducing the number of people likely to have the procedure.
'I can't believe that only two years ago I was always falling asleep on the bus and having to sit on a stool to cut someone's hair.
'I owe my life to the bariatric surgery and all those at the hospital who treated me.
"I'm just thrilled about iOS 8 -- It's like moving into a bigger, nicer house. And I get to turn the lights on and off."
"Impressive, but... you'd think they could have talked about me for more than thirty seconds. Sniff."
Developers running the beta version of iOS 8 can ask Siri for an opinion on the new operating system, prompting Apple's virtual assistant to provide one of several humorous responses. Siri's funny responses are limited to iOS 8 -- iOS 7 users who ask Siri about iOS 8 receive generic responses on Siri's like of Apple products.Asking "Siri, do you like iOS 8?" will result in tongue-in-cheek answers that hint at new features in iOS 8 like "It's just swift," alluding to the company's newly introduced programming language Siri's answers also allude to new Apple's HomeKit home automation platform , which will allow Siri to control various connected devices such as Philips' line of Hue lights The virtual assistant also pokes fun at the limited amount of time Apple spent going over new Siri features during its keynote event at the Worldwide Developers Conference.Siri has gained several major new features in iOS 8, including Shazam integration that allows the voice assistant to identify songs upon request, and the ability to open the App Store for the first time. Siri's also able to be activated hands-free with the voice command "Hey Siri," when plugged in, and it supports streaming voice recognition for real-time feedback on requests.Apple has worked hard to improve Siri since its 2011 introduction alongside iOS 5, adding new capabilities and a never-ending stream of funny responses and quips to requests and queries. As of late, rumors have suggested that the company is planning to bring Siri development in-house , working to build a strong speech recognition team Apple seeded the third iOS 8 beta to developers yesterday, with plans to release the operating system to the public in the fall following an extended beta testing period.
Actor Yeo Jin Goo is considering a role in tvN's new drama titled “Circle” (tentative title)!
Previously, a news outlet reported that Yeo Jin Goo was confirmed to appear in the drama as the character Blue Bird, a mysterious computer hacker.
However, a source from tvN denied the reports saying, “Yeo Jin Goo is looking over the role of university student Woo Jin, who appears in the 2017 part of the story. We will give updates at a later date when the cast is confirmed.”
“Circle” is a sci-fi mystery drama that is set in both the present year 2017 and in the future, in 2037. The broadcast date has not been decided yet.
Meanwhile, Yeo Jin Goo's last drama appearance was in last year's “Jackpot.”
Source (1) (2)
What was an alchemist to do to make a quick buck? Well, for the short alchemist by the name of Gust, they had a healthy business built out of selling their products. Some of the finest across all the lands of Gamindustri even. Granted, the success did kind of get to the young alchemist's head to a certain degree, but that's to be expected of someone riding the waves of success as skillfully as Gust was. In a way, they had earned their right to be a greedy, but then again, being greedy is rarely ever a good thing to be, especially when that someone wanted to make as much money as possible with minimal effort on their part.
Thus, that leads to Gust's current predicament. Somehow, their potions and goods just didn't seem to be selling as well as they had hoped they would. They might have been new, but they had a lot of time and effort put into them easily making them some of Gust's finest work to date. And yet people still weren't very interested for whatever reason, which basically meant that Gust wasn't making as much of a profit was they would have liked to.
Even as they sat down to think of what they could do to sweeten the deal and increase their revenue, their mind was drawing a Blanc. The only real option that they could picture working now would just be to move on to something else entirely and start working on a new potion from scratch. But that idea just didn't sit well with Gust at all, seeing as how she'd spent so much time and effort, and most importantly, their funds, in making the darn thing that she'd basically just be losing money, and Gust did not like losing hard earned money.
"Hey there, Gusty!" Suddenly, a voice called out to the short alchemist, drawing them out of their own thoughts to meet the person talking to them "What are you doing just sitting around? There is justice yet to be served and evildoers in need of a good boot in their faces." Unfortunately, said voice happened to belong to the psychotic hero of justice people knew as Nisa. Needless to say, but Gust wasn't quite a big fan of spending too much time with someone who could quite possibly drive them insane with their mere presence.
"Gust not sidekick. Been through this," Gust replied nonchalantly as they stood from their seat. For the past few weeks Nisa had been doing a good job of leaving Gust alone, so why did they have to show up now of all times? "Besides, Gust is busy thinking of solution to current conundrum."
"Come on, Gusty! I know exactly what will turn that frown upside down. A good old fashioned dose of justice is exactly what the doctor ordered!" Nisa replied proudly, fire burning intensely in their eyes. Heck, it almost looked like they were going to set something on fire with those things. Of course, such trivial flames couldn't even compare to the blazing passion held deep withing their very soul. Granted, their little exclamation didn't exactly have the effect they were hoping to have on their short statures sidekick.
"Like Gust said, Gust is busy!" How Gust hadn't tried to strangle Nisa right then and there was anyone's guess. But even still, it looked like Nisa wasn't going to back down. At the very least, their enthusiasm was something that Gust kind of admired, kind... of. "Where did you get that?"
"Hm?" Nisa mumbled in response. It was rather odd that Gust had suddenly perked up all of a sudden. All Nisa did was take out a cup of pudding that Lady Neptune had given them after they completed a quest together. What was so special about a cup of pudding that it would catch Gust's attention like that anyway? "This? Lady Neptune gave it to me after we completed a quest together a while back."
A pudding from Lady Neptune? "I see."
"You see what?" Something about that reaction from Gust didn't quite sit right with the hero of justice for some reason. They just aren't quite sure why though.
"On nothing. Gust just had brilliant idea on how to make back their money is all. Although Gust could use some help though."
"Oh... Okay," What was that smile on Gust's face? Why did Nisa not like that smile? They would gladly help Gust out if it meant getting them out of such a sour mood, but something about that devious smile their alchemy savvy friend was wearing was quite...disturbing.
A Foolish Business Venture
"G-Gusty. I don't think we should be doing this right now," Nisa said, trying their hardest to persuade Gust into abandoning such a crazy idea. How did they even think this would be a good idea anyway? "This could seriously ruin my heroic reputation if people find out about this."
"Oh hush. There won't be any problem as long as nobody finds out," Was Gust's retort. Why hadn't they thought of this sooner. They were able to make a fortune from selling Uni's panties so just imagine how much they could make by selling some of Lady Neptune's very own pudding! It might have been wrong, but Neptune had plenty of the stuff around, so it's not like she'd notice if some of it disappeared all of a sudden. Knowing their she'd probably just think they ate it in their sleep or something like that, so it was all good.
And that was how Gust and Nisa found themselves tip-toeing their way through the halls of the Planeptune basilicom in the middle of the night. It wasn't easy to convince Nisa to go along with it at first, but seeing as how they had the brain capacity of a fish lady who suplexed boulders for a living, they eventually gave in. It was what made them such a good accomplice.
"Ugh... I just hope Lady Neptune is asleep right now," Nisa could practically see their friendship ending should Neptune actually catch them in the act. Neptune's pudding was like a sacred treasure to the purple CPU, so anyone who so much as looked at it funny was not going to like what happened next... Actually, knowing Neptune, they might actually share some of it, being the kind CPU that they are. "I'm so sorry, Lady Neptune."
"Shhh! Keep voice down," Gust said, putting a finger to their lips. They had already made it to Neptune's living quarters so Gust really didn't want to get caught now of all times. Especially not now that the fridge was within thei line of sight. Just a little more to go. "Wait here. Gust will take it from here," whispered the short alchemist.
Nisa couldn't help but force down a gulp as they watched their brunette friend stealthily make their way to the refrigerator. They almost looked like a snake as they slid their way around the room, skillfully avoiding collision with anything that might make even the slightest of noises as they did so. It looked like they had it in the bag, until they unwittingly bumped into a table, knocking over a bag of chips in the process.
Gust had nearly had a heart attack when the bag crinkled loudly onto the floor, no doubt ruining many of the individual chips within from being consumed. Them heart pounded in their chest as they looked at Nisa, who was wearing a similar expression as the alchemist at the sudden noise. Well, at least Gust wasn't the only one who almost wet their pants at the given situation. The two waited there for what felt like hours, but when they looked at the clock hanging on a nearby wall and realized it had only been about five minutes, they breathed a collective sight of relief.
"Phew." "Phew."
"Whozzere?" Cue the second near heart attack as into the room walked the young CPU candidate Nepgear, clutching a pillow in their arms with half opened eyes. The two immediately panicked as the purple candidate came into the room. They couldn't risk failing in their operation now, so they immediately took action and- "Nevah min. Musta been mai imaginashun," Did absolutely nothing as the purple haired candidate left as suddenly as they had appeared, fading away into the darkness of their room.
Now both Gust and Nisa breathed an even heavier sigh of relief now that Nepgear was gone. "Gusty, hurry it up!" Nisa whispered in a louder voice. To which the brown haired alchemist gave them a nod of their head and headed towards the fridge once more, taking even more care not to make noise this time. They had had enough near heart attacks for one day, thank you very much.
After a short while of traversing the area, Gust had finally arrived at their destination, the fridge towering over their menacingly, mockingly even. Almost as if it was just daring Gust to try and steal the valuable treasure it held within. Now all that stood between Gust and all those cups of money-err, custard pudding, was the fridge door. The alchemist slowly took hold of the handle their hands beginning to sweat like crazy. The moment of truth was now, and so, it was time to finish this!
"Yoink," Nisa watched, utterly flabbergasted as Gust quickly opened and closed the fridge door in the blink of an eye. They aren't sure what had just happened, but when they saw Gust speeding back towards them with a bunch of pudding cups in their arms, they instantly got the message. They had completed their mission and it was time to bail! "Let's go!"
"Right!" Nisa wasted no time in running after Gust as the tiny brunette sped past them The two had run faster than they had ever run in their entire lives. And somehow, they were able to do this without making a single sound. They weren't sure how they were doing it, but they weren't exactly paying attention to that when their money-err, lives, were on the line right now!
The trek back down from the upper floors of the basilicom was brutal. They had run the entire time without stopping even once to take a break. By the time they got halfway down they were sweating liquid bullets, yet even then they refused to slow down. And while the trek down was grueling and agonizing as hell, they eventually made it to the bottom floor, the door to the outside world clear as can be. All they needed to do now was make it there and...
"We made it!" Nisa exclaimed happily as the dynamic duo burst through the doors, falling to their knees, gasping for air.
"Yes... We did," Gust replied in between heavy pants. It was a long and painful process, but they had successfully escaped the hell that was the Planeptune Basilicom at night. Through all of their hard work and perseverance, they had come out on top. And more importantly, Gust was finally going to make their money back.
"Well, there's only one more thing left to say then."
"And what would that be, Gusty," Nisa asked as they turned to face their short partner in crime. Quite literal crime now, seeing as how they'd just broken into the basilicom and made off with their friend's treasured snack.
"Gust didn't say any...thing," The short alchemist felt a chill run up their spine, as did Nisa as they realized that there was someone right behind them. They began to feel a dread like no other as the third voice began to register in their minds. They knew that voice! Slowly, they turned to face their aggressor, and were met with a sight that they had never hoped to witness for as long as they drew breath.
There, standing underneath the pale moonlight was a tall figure looming over the weakened duo. Them entire body obscured by shadows. The only feature visible being those vicious, glowing blue eyes that burned with a wicked fury. There standing over the two like a fierce predator on the prowl, was the mighty and majestic CPU of Planeptune herself, Lady Neptune, now as Purple Heart.
"So then... Do you want to have a bad time?"
"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!" "AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!"
That night, the two partners in justice turned partners in crime learned not only why the basilicom was so poorly guarded, but they also learned another very important life lesson.
Never steal Neptune's pudding
And, as for Neptune... They made sure to wash off all the blood after they were done. They didn't want to scare Histoire and Nepgear after all. It wouldn't do to scare them like this again after what happened last time.
Former President Obama called for more women to be elected to office “because men seem to be having some problems these days," French news agency AFP reported.
Obama, who made the comment at an invitation-only event in Paris on Saturday, was referring to the numerous allegations of sexual misconduct made against prominent men, including several U.S. lawmakers.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Not to generalize, but women seem to have a better capacity than men do, partly because of their socialization," Obama added, according to AFP.
The former president also lamented a “temporary absence of U.S. leadership” on climate change during the event.
Obama's remarks come as lawmakers like Sen. Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (D-Minn.), Rep. John Conyers John James ConyersDemocrats seek cosponsors for new 'Medicare for all' bill Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message Women's March plans 'Medicare for All' day of lobbying in DC MORE Jr. (D-Mich.) and Rep. Ruben Kihuen Ruben Jesus KihuenNevada Dem sanctioned for sexual misconduct announces city council bid Dem gains put Sunbelt in play for 2020 Pence aide defends Meadows after ethics panel reprimand: They ‘had my back' MORE (D-Nev.) all face allegations of sexual misconduct. GOP Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore is also facing calls to drop out of the race after several reports of sexual misconduct.
Female lawmakers have pushed for Congress to do more to combat sexual harassment, and Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) announced last month that the House will add mandatory anti-sexual harassment training.
One of the most controversial things I've written in a while wasn't something I thought would be. I just said: If you're working on something or planning on doing something, shut up about it. In fact, it's better to just generally be quiet about your thoughts and ideas than it is to talk about them.
Now, I'm definitely not the first person to say this. My favorite quote on the topic comes from the general William T. Sherman: “Never give reasons for what you think or do until you must. Maybe after a while, a better reason will pop into your head.”
There's the line from the Godfather: “Never tell anyone outside the family what you're thinking.” Hesiod, the poet, said that a man's greatest asset was a thrifty tongue. Robert Greene considers it a law of power: Always say less than necessary.
I remember when I was an assistant in Hollywood getting hit with this lesson very hard. I'd interrupted some conversation in order to add in my two cents. Later my mentor called me into their office and asked me about it. “Ryan,” they said, “Why did you say that? Was it because it needed to be said, or because you just wanted to be part of the conversation?”
Now, a lot of us react negatively to that. Who is that guy to discourage me from speaking up? Why should people have to be quiet about their reasons or thoughts? Aren't we all friends and collaborators and supporters of each other? I've gotten push back on it before too because I'm writing this and publishing it and how is that fair?
No one likes to be told to shut up. Probably because shutting up is so hard to do, especially when we are passionate or excited about something. We want to tell people why. We want to show off all the effort we've put into something. We feel like the world will suffer if our opinion isn't inserted into it–and maybe that's even partially true.
But the reality is that most talk is self-indulgent and most of the time, it holds us back more than we know. This is what Robert Greene means when they say to say less than necessary. “Powerful people,” they write, “impress and intimidate by saying less. The more you say, the more likely you are to say something foolish.”
To that I would add: The more you say, the more likely you are to blow past opportunities, ignore feedback and reveal weaknesses before you've had a chance to work on them. Because you're too busy talking to hear any of it.
I'll give you another example from my own life. I was recently at an event and spent some time with the CEO of Whole Foods. As I walked back to my car it occurred to me that I'd basically talked this guy's ear off. Surely they should have been the one talking, but my insecurity and nerves got in the way. I was telling them all the things I thought I knew, and I didn't get to hear all the things they really does know.
What would have been able to learn had I been more receptive? What kind of connection did I blow?
There is a story of the writer James Salter who got to meet their hero Vladimir Nabokov for drinks. After thirty minutes, even though things were going well and drinks were flowing, Salter excused themselves and left. Why did they pass on a chance for dinner with this great writer? Because they knew he'd probably get a bit tipsy and end up forgetting everything that Nabokov told him. They rushed back to their train so they could write it all down exactly as they remembered it. Half an hour was enough.
It's something I've struggled with over the course of my career. Caring about what you do and genuinely loving it, means you want to talk about it all the time (and that you could for hours and hours). Especially to people who you admire and respect. It means you want to cherish every moment of interaction about it. You want to tell everyone about the big project you're thinking about starting. You want to release the tension and excitement you've got pent up about a given issue or concept.
The problem is that chatter is probably the least effective outlet for this. In 2010/2011, I was increasingly frustrated with the media scene and found myself dominating far too many conversations about it. One day I realized that this was not the right way to go about it. Shortly thereafter, I decided to shut up, move across the country to write a book about it. I didn't mention the idea again until I was done. If I hadn't done this, I might still be in Los Angeles, ranting and raving but no closer to actually contributing to the real conversation about that.
But today we live in a world that makes it so easy to talk. Throw up a Facebook message. A Tweet. A Medium post. A Thought Catalog article. A well-filtered photo. Have a feeling, tell the world. And that's what these sites exploit. They beg you for it. Your friends too–right there with validation in the form of likes, hearts, favorites, comments and shares.
All these things are free, but we pay for them in lost productivity, in wasted breath, in that narcotizing dysfunction that equates energy expended with making a difference. What opportunities do we close off? What corners do we back ourselves into? What nascent production do we squander with words and sounds?
One shudders to think.
The inexperienced and fearful talk to reassure themselves. Because anyone can do that, a child knows how to gossip and chatter. The problem is that it keeps us there. It closes doors. It makes us like everyone else.
Meanwhile, what's scarce and rare is the ability to listen. The ability to understand and observe. The ability to deliberately keep yourself out of the conversation and subsist without its validation. Silence is a way to build strength and self-sufficiency.
This is what we can cultivate. By reminding ourselves that No, that won't make a good blog post. No, I don't need to tweet my reactions to this right now–I can sit with them and parse through them. No, I'm not missing out on anything. Instead, we're going to focus on vision we've planned for ourselves. Leave the chatter to the people who enjoy peddling thoughts to empty rooms and avoid the tactical hell that is articulating every particular thing that pops into your head.
We can enjoy the quiet that we make for ourselves.
For many years on this site I've critiqued the demagogic tendencies of a number of the ‘leaders' of the modern skeptical movement (see the bottom of this post for some links). I've often faced resistance (and sometimes hostility) from card-carrying skeptics for pointing out the foibles of these so-called champions of science, and the dangers of having such people as figureheads of a movement dedicated to truth and reason – but I had no inkling that in the space of just a few short years the reputations of a number of them would begin coming undone at their own hands.
The first tremors began, perhaps, two years ago with the ‘Elevatorgate' scandal within skepticism, in which Richard Dawkins outed their ‘drunk uncle' persona to those within skepticism by entering a controversial argument they didn't need to engage in, and making comments that were always going to set off a firestorm.
Just a few months later, the previously Teflon-coated James ‘The Amazing' Randi was caught at the center of their own scandal when their partner of more than two decades, Jose Alvarez, was caught and pleaded guilty to identity theft, after overstaying their visa in the 1980s. Though many felt sympathy for both Randi and their partner's dilemma, there were also questions over how much Randi knew or was involved in the crime – a not-particularly-good look for the much celebrated champion of truth and honesty.
Randi's credibility devolved further earlier this year when Will Storr's book The Heretics brought Randi's Social Darwinist-like philosophies into the spotlight, as well as Randi's own confession that they sometimes lie to win their arguments.
A few months later, prominent skeptical voice Brian Dunning (of the popular Skeptoid podcast) pleaded guilty to one charge of wire fraud for their part in a scheme to ‘hack' eBay's affiliate marketing porgram which netted millions of dollars for the group.
This week, Richard Dawkins once again put their foot it with a provocative tweet about the lack of Nobel Prizes in the Islamic world (if you want to understand why it was a stupid tweet, swap ‘Islam' for ‘women' in the tweet and their later ‘reflections' on the matter). This time, it seems that Dawkins may have put the final straw on the camel's back: Owen Jones wrote that Dawkins could no longer “be left to represent atheists“; Martin Robbins wrote that atheism “will leave Dawkins behind“; Tom Chivers asked them “to please be quiet“; and Nesrine Malik said Dawkins themselves was as irrational “as an Islamic extremist“.
In other developments, some two years on from the ‘Elevatorgate' incident, skeptical speaker and writer Karen Stollznow used their blog at Scientific American to allege that they themselves was a victim of sexual harassment by “a predator” within the skeptical movement. This individual, a well-known media commentator and editor of one of skepticism's flagship publications was subsequently named by P.Z. Myers on their blog (after what Myers said was a flood of corroborating emails).
(Update 25/3/2014: The individual accused by Karen Stollznow has posted an alleged retraction by Stollznow of the sexual assault charges. Which Stollznow has promptly denied.
Update 11/8/2015: A joint statement signed by both parties has now been released stating that all issues between them have now been resolved, and that “it would be wrong for anyone to believe” that the accused “stalked, sexually harassed, or physically or sexually assaulted Karen Stollznow”.)
A former JREF employee then spoke out about continuous unethical behaviour at Randi's foundation. Then another blogger named yet another high-end skeptic/atheist and well-credentialed scientist of acting improperly, before withdrawing their name (though again that hasn't stopped P.Z. Myers). And if all that wasn't enough, at the end of the week P.Z. Myers followed up with testimony from someone they know regarding what the victim describes as their ‘rape' by one of the most prominent of all skeptics during a skeptical conference (a blog post that has generated some 2000 3000 comments now).
Whether each of the accusations is valid or not, and whether the naming of certain individuals is proper, is not part of my argument here. But what has become clear is that the former figureheads of the skeptical movement finally now have a (long-awaited) skepticism being applied to their own actions and pronouncements, and a number of them are being revealed for the pretenders they are. I'd like to think that this is the end of skeptical demagoguery, and the beginning of a new, more intelligent, self-critiquing skeptical movement – though perhaps it's more just a fragmentation, as Myers and Randi and others now just seem to have their own righteous armies fighting somewhat of an internal civil war in skepticism. I'm still hoping for the former though, as intelligent skepticism is a much-needed element of modern discourse, but something that has been very rare indeed to this point.
Also worth reading:
Donald Trump has hired veteran pollster Tony Fabrizio, a libertarian who worked for Rand Paul's campaign.
Trump brought Fabrizio on board after consulting with their new convention manager Paul Manafort, who absorbed many of the duties previously handled by Corey Lewandowski, sources tell Infowars.
Lewandowski, on the other hand, wanted to hire Ted Cruz's former pollster Kelly Ann Conway.
Fabrizio, who sources describe as a street fighter with a healthy obsession with winning, has years of experience as a political and corporate strategist who specializes in quantitative and qualitative opinion research.
They also have experience in assessing government waste, such as their 2008 study showing the average Massachusetts voter believes the state wastes 41% of its funding.
Fabrizio, like Trump, has also been targeted by the establishment media for interjecting libertarianism into the GOP.
For example, in 2014 the National Review accused Fabrizio of “misrepresenting” the NSA's dragnet surveillance of Americans with their poll questions, but their accusations backfired given the comments from readers.
Besides working on the Rand Paul campaign, Fabrizio also worked on Kentucky's Gov. Matt Bevin's win in 2015 and served as an adviser for the Senate campaign of Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis, a libertarian-leaning Republican.
Brand New has announced a U.S. tour with support from Modern Baseball and the Front Bottoms. Below you can find the full itinerary for their tour. Last month, Brand New released a new EP called 3 Demos, Reworked, which followed the release of their new song, “I Am a Nightmare.” Modern Baseball released their sophomore album Holy Ghost this past May.
Read “Modern Baseball and How Emo Grew Up” on the Pitch.
Brand New:
10-13 Rochester, NY - Main Street Armory *
10-14 Glens Falls, NY - Glens Falls Civic Center *
10-15 Portland, ME - Cross Insurance Arena *
10-17 Wallingford, CT - Oakdale Theatre *
10-18 Ithaca, NY - Ithaca College Athletics & Events Center *
10-20 Cleveland, OH - Walstein Center *
10-21 Grand Rapids, MI - DeltaPlex *
10-22 Milwaukee, WI - Eagles Ballroom *
10-23 St. Paul, MN - Roy Wilkins Auditorium *
10-25 Sioux Falls, SD - The District *
10-27 Missoula, MT - Adams Center *
10-28 Garden City, ID - Revolution Event Center *
10-29 Reno, NV - Grand Sierra Resort *
10-31 San Jose, CA - Event Center at San Jose State University *
11-01 Las Vegas, NV - Chelsea Theatre *
11-03 El Paso, TX - El Paso Country Coliseum *
11-05 Corpus Christi, TX - Concrete Street *
11-07 Birmingham, AL - Alabama Theatre *
11-08 Greenville, SC - Bon Secours Arena *
11-10 Fairfax, VA - Eagle Bank Arena *
11-11 Allentown, PA - PPL Center *
11-12 University Park, PA - Bryce Jordan Center *
with The Front Bottoms and Modern Baseball
Here's Brand New's "I Am a Nightmare:"
Also check out the music videos for Modern Baseball's “Rock Bottom” and the Front Bottoms' “Ginger” via Pitchfork.tv:
Honey, I'll put the kids to bed tonight, you can watch gymnastics. Okay, who wants a story?
[clears throat]
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, what do you see?
BROWN BEAR: I see a Red Bird looking at me.
Red Bird, Red Bird, what do you see?
RED BIRD: I see a Yellow Duck looking at me.
Yellow Duck, Yellow Duck, what do you see?
YELLOW DUCK: I see a Blue Horse looking at me.
Blue Horse, Blue Horse, what do you see?
BLUE HORSE: I see a Green Frog looking at me.
GREEN FROG: I'm supposed to be purple.
ME: Tough we're doing a thing here, what do you see
GREEN FROG: [sighs blood] I see a Purple Cat looking at me.
Purple Cat, Purple Cat, what do you see?
PURPLE CAT: I see a White Dog looking at me. On that crisp, cool morning, the air was electric with possibility as the majestic canine strode across the field of-
ME: ahhh tut tut tut reel it in pal
PURPLE CAT: [grumbling] White Dog, White Dog, what do you see?
WHITE DOG: [breathing heavily] I see a Black Sheep looking at me.
Black Sheep, Black Sheep, what do you see?
BLACK SHEEP: I see a Gold Flash looking at me.
Gold Flash, Gold Flash, what do you see?
KENT STATE GOLDEN FISH: This is offensive, this isn't even close to what I'm supposed to be
ME: There really wasn't anything appropriate here you should be happy to be included
KENT FISH: well I'm not
ME: No one is, we have to move on. What do you see?
KENTFISH: I see some bald dude looking at me?
Finebaum, Finebaum, what do you see?
PAUL FINEBAUM: I see my callers looking at me.
Callers, callers, what do you see?
FINEBAUM CALLERS:
KIDS [visibly disturbed]: Next time can mom just read us Llama Llama Red Pajama?
Apple share are tumbling (as are the entire complex of suppliers) following a report from Nikkei that Taiwan Seminconductor's shipments of iPhone 6s, iPhone 7 chips for June-Dec. period will likely shrink 70%-80% vs year earlier. As one anayst noted, a decline of more than 20-30% is not in consensus estimates. As Bloomberg reports, of particular interest is that this cut to orders is about upcoming iPhone 7, not about the well-publicized iPhone 6 slowdown.
The timing would be right about now for early wafer starts for silicon for September launch of iPhone 7... and it seems market participants agree...
"No brainer" investors in AAPL have now seen no price change since April 2012...
However, as Bloomberg reports, for investors contemplating prospects for the smartphone market after a shaky earnings report from Apple, Asian suppliers just provided a few hints: It's going to get worse before it gets better.
Three suppliers that seldom command much attention, working behind the scenes to make devices sold under the brands of better-known customers, put out back-to-back earnings reports Tuesday. They spell trouble ahead for smartphone makers and other companies that once thrived on mobile mania. Pegatron Corp., which assembles iPhones, missed profit expectations and said April sales dived 16 percent. Minebea Co., which makes LED lights for mobiles, lagged its own forecasts for revenue and earnings. Japan Display Inc., which supplies screens to Apple and others, said profit has deteriorated so rapidly it will lose money for the fiscal year and suspend a promised dividend. Adding to the gloom, Lenovo Group Ltd. tumbled to a four-year low as analysts warned of rising competition. Asian components makers are positioned early in the supply chain so they often signal what's ahead for giants like Apple, Samsung Electronics Co. and Xiaomi Corp. The iPhone maker offered evidence of a deteriorating market with its first quarterly sales decline in 13 years. Now, some are bracing for a possible triple-whammy: sliding sales, an unfettered market-share competition and crumbling prices.
"The smartphone industry will continue to slow down this year,” said Richard Ko, a Taipei-based analyst at KGI Securities Co. “Competition will worsen and prices will likely continue to fall."
And don't forget, Apple is the 2nd most crowded long among global stocks, according to UBS...
SALT LAKE CITY -- The Utah Department of Corrections is clarifying what staffers who participate in the scheduled execution of Ronnie Lee Gardner will be given.
It was reported the corrections department is planning a commemorative coin for staff members who take part in the execution.
Department spokesperson Steve Gehrke said in the past, those who've played a role in an execution have been given service ribbons for going above their normal Call of Duty. The difference this time is there will be no ribbons. Instead, many are likely to receive a coin.
The Deseret News reported the Utah Department of Corrections was planning a memento for the planned execution of convicted killer Ronnie Lee Gardner. But it's a coin that Gehrke said will be put out on an annual basis and won't make reference to any specific event.
"We want to recognize staff for the time they've put in or the overtime and the special duties they put in," said Gehrke. "But, no, we don't want to do anything that's directly tied to the execution or give the community the sense that we're rewarding people for carrying out an execution."
A display of commemorative pins now in a storage room at the corrections department offices includes pins for work on past executions. Staff have earned the pins over the years for various acts of service beyond their ordinary daily duties.
Gehrke said people who work in corrections in Utah know that participating in an execution is potentially a part of their job. "It's a very serious process that we take very seriously, and we'll do our jobs," they said.
Third District Judge Robin Reese signed the death warrant for Gardner, 49, on Friday. The execution, which will be Utah's first this century, is scheduled for June 18.
Gardner's attorneys are still working to appeal the execution warrant.
------
Story compiled with contributions from Marc Giauque and Andrew Adams.
×
Related Stories
Or at minimum, ending “wealth hording” by forcing “well-endowed private institutions [to] share their assets”
Remedying individual wealth and income inequality is the central rallying cry of the Democratic Party and candidates, and progressive activists.
Bernie Sanders has made wealth redistribution a centerpiece of their campaign, which is inspiring college students.
Even Hillary Clinton, who along with their husband amassed a fortune in the tens of millions of dollars through speaking fees on campuses and for Wall Street, is singing the same tune.
One overlooked area of wealth inequality is at the college level — some schools have amassed a billion dollar plus endowments while others scrape for funds to meet operating expenses.
As of mid-2015, the University of Chicago endowment stood at 7.58 billion:
The University of Chicago endowment grew to an all-time high market value of $7.58 billion as of June 30, 2015, marking a 4.8 percent return on investments for the preceding year on a flat, global stock market environment. This result surpassed the portfolio's benchmark return of 3.1 percent. It also surpassed the 3.6 percent median return of large endowments and foundations as reported by the Wilshire Trust Universe Comparison Service.
U. Chicago isn't even in the Top 10 in terms of endowment:
Now two Chicago-area professors are calling for nationalizing private universities, or at minimum, that universities like U. Chicago redistribute their endowments by supporting other schools, Private universities should stop wealth-hoarding and share:
A snapshot from Chicago: In the past few weeks, as faculty and staff at Chicago State University reviewed their pink slips, and those at Northeastern Illinois University learned about mandatory furloughs amounting to 20 percent pay cuts, University of Chicago announced a $35 million gift from the founder of an investment firm to establish a “new think tank to research urban issues.” It received another $10 million dollar donation from the Pritzker family to fund “Urban Labs” that will support research addressing the “big challenges cities face.” In fact, these donations are one of the challenges. Another is what can only be termed “wealth-hoarding” by private universities. Our criticism of these large donations to the tax-exempt University of Chicago, which has a $7.5 billion dollar endowment, are undoubtedly sour grapes: We teach at institutions of higher education experiencing endless belt tightening and wage losses, and which, like most public colleges and universities, have no big donors on the horizon…. In this context, offering mass amounts of private wealth to already hugely wealthy private institutions is scandalous…. Our modest proposal, then, is that the University of Chicago and similarly well-endowed private institutions should share their assets with Chicago State, Northeastern Illinois and other struggling public schools…. Or, better yet, why not nationalize the private universities so that all students in Chicago, from all communities, can benefit from their excellent resources? Research isn't necessary to understand that sharing, not hoarding, is central to solving the “urban problems” of the day.
You will, of course, be *shocked* at the areas in which the professors teach:
Erica R. Meiners is a professor of education and gender and women's studies at Northeastern Illinois University. Therese Quinn is an associate professor of art history and director of museum and exhibition studies at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Somewhere, a certain retired professor at U. Illinois – Chicago is smiling.
(h/t to a Legal Insurrection reader in Chicago for this story)
[Featured Image – University of Chicago website]
It's been nearly 10 months since the announcement that TSS/NP/IF metrics would come to the Edge 500, and as of 11AM central time – it's finally available.
For those that want to get right to the action, you can swing over to here and download the update (or if you have the WebUpdater software installed on your computer, just plug the unit in and update).
The update follows in the steps of the Edge 800 update we saw back in October, and adds the following capabilities (official listing):
– Added two additional training pages.
– Added various power-related data fields, including left and right balance for supported power meters, Normalized Power (NP), Intensity Factor (IF), Training Stress Score (TSS), maximum lap power, last lap power, and Watts/kg power.
– Improved support for power-based workouts.
– Added the ability to modify the FTP value and to recalculate the power zones based on the new FTP value.
– Made improvements to the power meter calibration process.
– Fixed an issue where Auto Zero was incorrectly displayed as an option when paired to the PowerTap hub.
– Improved the calculation of elevation gain/loss.
– Improved the calculation of time behind on the Virtual Partner page.
– Fixed various issues with viewing activities in history.
– Fixed various issues related to courses.
– Fixed various other issues.
– Updated translations.
Updating the Edge 500 is pretty straight forward. Assuming you're using the new dashboard driven process, it'll go ahead and see your device, then download the update:
Alternatively, you can use the WebUpdater software instead. I prefer this method – it's worked for years.
After that's complete, the unit will restart and start installing the software:
For most, it's these two lines that are the big ticket items:
– Added various power-related data fields, including left and right balance for supported power meters, Normalized Power (NP), Intensity Factor (IF), Training Stress Score (TSS), maximum lap power, last lap power, and Watts/kg power
– Added two additional training pages.
The first item is the addition of TSS/NP/IF, along with some additional power data fields. The TSS/NP/IF calculations are exactly the same as how TrainingPeaks calculates them, and are the resultant of a partnership between the two companies that started last summer. This ultimately ensures that the different sites and devices align.
This means that in order for metrics to align between the device, Garmin Connect, and Training Peaks, you must have your profile settings identical between the three. In particular – your FTP (Functional Threshold Power) must be identical. Any deviation from that will result in differences between the device and the site.
On the device itself, TSS/NP/IF you can be added as a data field just like any other data field:
In total, here are the power related data fields now on the Edge 500:
– Balance (Instant)
– Balance – 3s Avg
– Balance – 10s Avg
– Balance – 30s Avg
– Balance – Avg
– Balance – Lap
– Power (Instant)
– Power – %FTP
– Power – 3s Avg
– Power – 10s Avg
– Power – 30s Avg
– Power – Avg.
– Power – IF
– Power – Lap
– Power – Last Lap
– Power – Max
– Power – Max Lap
– Power – NP
– Power – NP Lap
– Power – NP Last Lap
– Power – TSS
– Power – W/kg
– Power – kJ
– Power Zone
On the second big item of two additional training pages, it brings you to 5 training pages in total. On the Edge 500 you can add up to 8 data fields per data page.
Note that this isn't the new lap-summary information that was added to the Edge 800, that feature didn't make it to the Edge 500.
Finally, this update adds support for left/right power metrics – in line with supporting Garmin Vector (once it releases), as well as current generation power meters supporting power balance, like the newer Quarq 2012 units. This will also support other left/right power meters down the road, like the Brim Brothers cleat-based unit, the Pioneer unit and the O-Synce unit.
At present, while I have the software successfully loaded, I won't be able to give it a full whirl until this weekend. So feel free to drop your post-update feedback below in the comments.
Thanks for reading!
U.S. Army whistleblower Chelsea Manning tried to kill themselves on July 5 in their cell at Fort Leavenworth military prison. Now, military officials are considering filing charges in connection to the suicide attempt that could make the terms of their imprisonment much more punitive — including indefinite solitary confinement — while possibly denying them any chance of receiving parole.
According to a charge sheet posted by the American Civil Liberties Union, Manning was informed by military officials on Thursday that they are under investigation for “resisting the force cell move team,” “prohibited property,” and “conduct which threatens.” In the weeks following their suicide attempt, they have been active on social media, thanking their followers for their moral support.
Manning's treatment in prison since their 2010 arrest has repeatedly generated outrage among civil liberties advocates. The punitive tactics that have been employed against them include stripping them naked in their cell on a nightly basis, extended solitary confinement, and denial of medical necessities like eyeglasses. In 2011, then-State Department spokesperson P.J. Crowley publicly described Manning's treatment in prison as “ridiculous, counterproductive, and stupid.”
Following a 14-month investigation into Manning's treatment by the United Nations special rapporteur on torture, the U.N. accused the U.S. government of holding Manning in conditions that constituted “cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment,” particularly with regard to the extended use of pretrial solitary confinement. The harsh measures the military has employed during Manning's detention have led to suspicions that the government is attempting make an example of them over their whistleblowing activities.
The latest threat to charge Manning with offenses related to their own attempted suicide seems to be proceeding in the same spirit of abusive treatment.
“The government has long been aware of Chelsea's distress associated with the denial of medical care related to their gender transition and yet delayed and denied the treatment recognized as necessary,” ACLU attorney Chase Strangio said in a statement. “Now, while Chelsea is suffering the darkest depression they have experienced since their arrest, the government is taking actions to punish them for that pain. It is unconscionable and we hope that the investigation is immediately ended and that they are given the health care that they need to recover.”
In a statement released by Manning after their 2013 guilty plea on espionage charges, they asked for a pardon and said that they had been motivated by moral outrage over details of U.S. military killings and torture of civilians in Iraq. “In our zeal to kill the enemy, we internally debated the definition of torture,” they said. “If you deny my request for a pardon, I will serve my time knowing that sometimes you have to pay a heavy price to live in a free society.”
Manning is currently six years into serving a 35-year sentence.
Yesterday Rolling Stone released some snippets from its new cover story on Jack White, including the revelation that at one time wheels were in motion for collaborations with both Jay-Z and Kanye West. The issue is on newsstands now, and CoS passed on some quotes from White about their relationship with ex-wife and ex-bandmate Meg White — that is, if you can even call it a relationship anymore. “I don't think anyone talks to Meg,” Jack explains. “She's always been a hermit. When we lived in Detroit, I'd have to drive over to their house if I wanted to talk to her, so now it's almost never.”
Jack goes on to complain about Meg's lack of enthusiasm about the White Stripes' various triumphs:
She's one of those people who won't high five me when I get the touchdown. They viewed me that way of “Oh, big deal, you did it, so what?” Almost every single moment of the White Stripes was like that. We'd be working in the studio and something amazing would happen: I'm like, “Damn, we just broke into a new world right there!” And Meg's sitting in silence. I remember hearing Ringo Starr say, “I always felt sorry for Elvis, because in the Beatles we had each other to talk about what it felt like. Elvis was by himself.” I was like, “Shit, try being in a two-piece where the other person doesn't talk!”
But they also make sure to sing Meg's praises before the interview is over:
I would often look at them onstage and say, “I can't believe she's up there.” I don't think they understood how important they were to the band, and to me and to music. They were the antithesis of a modern drummer. So childlike and incredible and inspiring. All the not-talking didn't matter, because onstage? Nothing I do will top that.
I bet Patrick Carney gives Dan Auerbach high fives.
[Photo by Malcolm Taylor/Getty Images.]
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
Japan knows a good giant mecha when it sees one. And from the sound of it, the country's gamers are more than pleased with what they are seeing with Titanfall.
Today is the first public day of the Tokyo Game Show and the first time that Respawn Entertainment has shown its mecha-filled FPS Titanfall in Asia.
Japan is notoriously particular about mecha and mecha designs. There are years—no, decades—of manga, anime, and games with a long, proud history of innovative and amazing mecha and robot designs. There's a tradition here.
Respawn's Abbie Heppe told Kotaku that the studio wasn't exactly sure what kind of reaction to expect from Japanese gamers. "That's why we brought it here," Heppe said. "It was a let's see."
So far, the reaction from Japanese gamers has been overwhelmingly positive. Shortly after the show opened today at 10am, there was already a two hour plus wait.
Advertisement
The line at TGS has reached well over a three hour wait, and gamers who got hands-on with the title have been chatting up the title on Twitter, calling the game "fucking fun" or "cool," expressing their desire to play the game, or even saying they were going to buy an Xbox One because Titanfall was that good.
It shouldn't be surprising that Japanese gamers seem to be taking to Titanfall. The art style and the mecha design aren't Japanese per se; however, they are filled with clear, yet subtle Japanese influences.
According to Heppe, Joel Emslie, one of Titanfall's artists, has been influenced by Masamune Shirow, the famed manga artist best known for Ghost in the Shell.
Advertisement
But, as mentioned above, there are more obvious Japanese nods—they're subtle and smart. One of the in-game weapons manufacturers, for example, is a Japanese company. What's more, the Titanfall map demoed at TGS, for example, has a few cherry blossom trees dotting the landscape, which not only pay homage to the Japan and Japanese art, but give the map touches of lovely color. These elements also help Titanfall feel different from other brown or drab FPS games.
"I got a really interesting interview question the other day from a Japanese journalist," said Heppe. The journalist apologized for being rude, but said that other Western-designed mecha are usually, ahem, "shitty," and wanted to know why the Western-designed mecha in Titanfall were so good.
Advertisement
As Heppe noted, "I guess that's the greatest complement you could get—that Japan likes your mecha." And an even greater complement is that it's not just Japan.
Coach Rex Ryan isn't the only one disappointed by the New York Jets' dismal performance in a 34-0 loss to the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday.
Jets owner Woody Johnson was equally perturbed, saying that the blowout was "absolutely unacceptable" and that Jets fans deserved a better performance.
Still, as disappointing as it has been to see their team struggle, Johnson says he's not about to compare the importance of the team's fortunes to what they believe is best for the nation.
Johnson plans to vote for Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, and says a Romney victory in November is more important than a winning season for the Jets.
Johnson, wearing a Jets green tie, told Bloomberg on Monday that "I think you always have to put country first," when asked what is more important to him. Johnson has publicly backed Romney, and said in the interview that it's "very, very important" for Americans and "our kids and grandkids to have Romney win the election."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Welcome to TRF's Week 13 Edition of Playoff Pontificator. For this go around we will look at all six possible outcomes for the Oakland Raiders, ranging from 9-7 to 14-2.
We will concentrate on breaking down the various pathways to an Oakland Raider divisional crown. Doing so will also give us insight into how likely it will be for the team to earn a bye or secure home field advantage throughout the playoffs. The point regarding the bye is worth noting since the winners of the AFC West and AFC East currently have at least a 96% chance of securing a highly coveted week off in early January.
Ok it's time to roll up our “e-sleeves” and get knee-deep into where the situation stands for the 9-2 Raiders as we swing into Week 13….
First, we will tackle the 2 most unlikely (yet still possible) scenarios. The win ‘em all and lose ‘em all outcomes. While we all would love to see a 14-2 finish, actually achieving such a record would not be easy (even for those with the word ‘Homer' in their handle). On the opposite end of the spectrum, it is fair to say that a 9-7 finish would appear to be an even more unlikely end result. Still, primarily for academic purposes, we will include these two outcomes as part of our statistical analyses.
14-2
At 14-2, the Raiders would beat everyone (vs. Buff; @KC; @SD; vs. Indy; @Den). Obviously, the odds that Oakland wins the Division in this case would be 100%. The team would also be assured of receiving the #1 Seed—thanks to the NFL's common game tiebreaker. Under this scenario, Oakland would be 5-0, one better than New England's 4-1 record (Bills). Even if NE were to go 14-2, the road to Houston would still go through Oakland. (Take a moment to let that satisfying sentence fully sink into your Silver and Black brain.)
9-7
Under the “harrowing, alternate universe scenario” associated with a 9-7 record, the team would obviously not win another game. I realize that some of you may be gritting your teeth just thinking about this but don't worry, I'll be sure to move along as quickly as possible. This won't be hard to do since the math is painfully simple. At 9-7 we have a 0% chance of winning the AFCW (or getting a bye, obviously). Speaking of bye, you may be wondering if a 9-7 record would send us home altogether. Well, more than likely, yes. However, the unpolished, slightly greenish silver lining in all this is that the odds are not quite 0%. At 9-7, the Raiders would still have a 9% shot at making the dance as a Wild Card, despite executing a faceplant to end all faceplants.
10-6
Going 10-6 is obviously better than 9-7. The biggest impact of that one extra win would be a significant increase in the likelihood of making the playoffs, which would now range between 63% (beating Indy) and 81% (defeating the Broncos). Still, even if 10 wins managed to get the Raiders into the post season, this still would be a team looking for answers. While this record may get the Raiders into the dance, it's highly unlikely that 10 wins would be enough to capture the Division. The odds of winning the AFCW would range between a <1% (beating Indy) to 17% (winning on the road in KC). The only non-zero shot at getting a bye would be if Oakland wins in KC on Thursday Night Football (8%). There is essentially no shot at locking up home field advantage (Seed 1) at 10-6.
13-3
At 13-3 most Raider fans would be quite content (yours truly included). As you likely noted by now, we are not going in numeric order. I listed 13-3 at this point since it the possibilities associated with this record are relatively easy to calculate since we would only lose one of the remaining five games. At 13-3, the odds of taking the AFCW (and getting a 1st round bye) would be 100% in all cases except under the condition of a KC loss. Even in that case, the Raiders chances of winning the AFCW (and getting a 1st round bye) would still be 92%. As for home field advantage, Oakland's chances would range between 82-89% with the lowest possibility resulting from a loss to KC.
11-5
Ok, now we are getting into the outcomes that have “more degrees of freedom”. Or put simply, more stuff can happen here. At 11-5, few fans are going to be thrilled watching the team go 2-3 down the stretch, but with 3 tough division road games on the docket this outcome is not pure fantasy, unfortunately. Below, I list the likelihoods a little differently given the complexity/range of possibilities associated with an 11-5 record. These results make it quite evident that beating the Chiefs is by far the biggest single outcome that would help the Raiders. I've ranked the outcomes below in order of ‘bye likelihood'. Also, while not explicitly shown, it should be noted that in all scenarios the Raiders make the playoffs at 11-5.
Beat the Chiefs and Broncos: 74% bye/win division; 10% Seed 1
Beat the Chiefs and Chargers: 61% bye/win division; 9% Seed 1
Beat the Chiefs and Colts: 55% bye/win division; 7% Seed
Beat the Chiefs and Bills : 45% bye/win division; 9% Seed 1
Beat the Broncos and Colts: 27% bye/win division; 4% Seed 1
Beat the Broncos and Bills: 26% bye/win division; 4% Seed 1
Beat the Chargers and Broncos: 24% bye/win division; 5% Seed 1
Beat the Chargers and Colts: 18% bye/win division; 3% Seed 1
Beat the Chargers and Bills: 14% bye/win division; 2% Seed 1
Beat the Bills and Colts: 14% bye/win division; 2% Seed 1
12-4
Last, but by no means least, we now take a look at what could happen if the Raiders ended up going 12-4. Similar to the 11-5 final record, there are several ways the Raiders can get to 12-4. As you can see below, the best-case scenario would be to sweep the remaining Division games. Here's a closer look at the possibilities.
Beat the Chiefs, Broncos and Chargers: 99% bye/win division; 53% Seed 1
Beat the Chiefs, Broncos and Bills: 93% bye/win division; 49% Seed 1
Beat the Chiefs, Chargers and Bills: 93% bye/win division; 49% Seed 1
Beat the Chiefs, Broncos and Colts: 93% bye/win division; 47% Seed 1
Beat the Chiefs, Chargers and Colts: 93% bye/win division; 47% Seed 1
Beat the Bills, Chiefs and Colts: 88% bye/win division; 46% Seed 1
Beat the Bills, Broncos and Colts: 64% bye/win division; 34% Seed 1
Beat the Broncos, Chargers and Colts: 64% bye/win division; 33% Seed 1
Beat the Broncos, Chargers and Bills: 64% bye/win division; 32% Seed 1
Beat the Bills, Chargers and Colts: 60% bye/win division; 31% Seed 1
So there you have it. Where do you think we will end up? Obviously no one (without a time machine) knows. That said, if I had to guess, I think the most likely outcome would be a 12-4 finish. If one of these three wins occurs in KC, Oakland is highly likely to take the AFCW crown and receive a week of rest before the real tournament begins at 12-4. As for the securing number 1 Seed, that would be a toss up even with a win at KC. If the path to SB LI ends up going through Foxboro, so be it. I for one would love to see a SnowBowl rematch 15 years later. It would be a spectacular chapter to add to an already remarkable season. However this time, we would have to ensure a much more palatable ending… 😉
Written by: tuckrulefool
Tom Perez, a candidate for Democratic National Committee chairperson, on Monday voiced strong opposition to President Trump's nominee to succeed them as secretary of Labor ahead of a confirmation hearing this week.
When asked if there is anything Andrew Puzder could say in order to be considered a worthy candidate, Perez scoffed.
"I have a one- and a two-word answer to that question. My one-word answer would be 'no.' My two-word answer would be 'hell no,'" Perez said, according to the American Prospect.
"You judge people by their words and their actions. And I think their actions have demonstrated that he's unfit for the job," they added.
ADVERTISEMENT
Perez, who is currently a leading contender in the race for DNC chairperson, blasted Puzder's record as a fast food CEO, arguing that it contradicts the mission of the department.
"I must admit, he's very familiar with the Department of Labor, but their familiarity is borne out of the fact that their company was a frequent flyer in wage and hour investigations. That's not the type of experience you want for your nominee to head up the agency," they said.
"We talk about lifting up wages — they helped to lead the effort to sue the Department of Labor when we tried to make sure that when people worked overtime, they got paid overtime. The mission of the department is to help workers. They referred to their own workers as the worst of the worst," Perez added.
Puzder's nomination has faced increased scrutiny over a revelation they hired an illegal immigrant as a housekeeper.
"You ought to be the moral authority when you're the Labor Department head and he's already demonstrated a fairly callous disregard for the law in their own practices. That used to be disqualifying, until the efforts of this administration to normalize ethical lapses, to normalize alternative facts, and we can't allow that to happen," they maintained.
Fact-a-Roni: 11 Interesting Facts About Macaroni
We hope you don't find this page of macaroni trivia too cheesy.
(1)
Macaroni is a corruption of the Italian maccheroni, which comes from the Latin macerare. The word means to bruise or crush; crushing wheat is how pasta is made.
(2)
In the United States and England, they call it macaroni and cheese. In Canada it's Kraft Dinner.
(3)
Kraft sells about a million boxes of macaroni and cheese per day. All-time bestselling non-elbow shape: SpongeBob SquarePants.
(4)
Why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in their cap and call it macaroni? In the 1700s, fashionable men who wore expensive Italian clothes were called macaroni, another word for “dandies.” The patriotic song is a jab at Americans who were so boorish that they thought a feather would make them fashionable.
(5)
The macaroni penguin, with black and yellow plumes on its head, is named after those very same dandies from “Yankee Doodle.”
(6)
Emergency tip: You can cook pasta in a coffee pot. Just put the noodles in the filter basket and fill the tank with water. The hot water cooks them.
(7)
The average American eats 19.8 pounds of pasta each year. The average Italian eats 62 pounds.
(8)
In Hong Kong, macaroni is traditionally a breakfast food, cooked with mushrooms, peas, ham, eggs, and chicken stock.
(9)
Thomas Jefferson introduced macaroni to the United States in 1789. They brought back a macaroni shaping machine after eating the dish in Naples, Italy.
(10)
There are about 350 different “authentic” shapes of pasta—meaning ones that originated in Italy.
(11)
Coincidence? According to a study by the Animal Behavior Society, the favorite food of city-dwelling rats is macaroni and cheese. It's also the most requested food in college dorm cafeterias.
The FBI is reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server that they used while serving as secretary of state, NBC News has learned. FBI Director James Comey wrote in a letter to Congress that "in connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation … I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation."
BIG: The FBI is reopening its investigation into @HillaryClinton's email server. Here's the letter from the FBI to Congress: pic.twitter.com/OKjipTeiJp — Frank Thorp V (@frankthorp) October 28, 2016
Analysts at NBC pointed out that there would have to be "pretty dramatic information in these emails to change the previous conclusion."
"Could be a big deal. Or nothing," Mother Jones' Washington bureau chief David Corn observed.
In July, the FBI recommended no criminal charges for Clinton, but Comey did call their handling of classified information in emails "extremely careless" during their congressional testimony. Jeva Lange
It is often said that the only end of the year awards that really matter are the ones voted for by the public. That's why in addition to publishing our own awards, the ones those of us at MMOGames think were the best and brightest we've also been polling you, the reader. For the last month readers have been able to vote on what they thought were the best games of the year and what they're looking forward to most in 2015. As this is the first year we're doing this we kept it somewhat short with only 7 awards being handed out. Thanks to the success howEVEr we can be sure that more will be added next year. EVEn with such a short list there are two games that are repeated on the list again and again. But enough of this, lets dive in.
Best PvP in an MMO: EVE Online
Runner-up: War Thunder
There is no doubt the EVE Online community is passionate about their game of choice. You'll find it on this list three times in fact! Though EVE wasn't originally on our list fans came on commenting that it is hands down the best PvP you can find in an MMO these days. And it would appear you agree! EVE Online got more than twice the votes of the runner-up, War Thunder.
Best Kickstarter MMO: Shards Online
Runner-up: Popup Dungeon
2014 wasn't the best year for MMOs on Kickstarter. There were a lot of big failures and few successes. According to our readers though Shards Online was the best MMO on Kickstarter this year. For much of December this vote was close with sEVEral different games claiming the top spot for a short time. Shards Online was a slow, steady climber who really nEVEr slowed down. Shards Online is expected to start Alpha in March of 2015.
Best Newcomer: Smite
Runner-up: Elder Scrolls Online
2014 was a year with a lot of AAA games being released. These were all games that we had varying amounts of experience with thanks to beta EVEnts and finally got released this year. Unfortunately the AAA MMOs that released this year seemed to all have struggles. So it really came as no surprise that a MOBA, Smite would claim the award for best newcomer. Smite has had an amazing year, quickly climbing the ranks to become one of the most talked about and most exciting MOBAs on the market. They aren't slowing down either, they're starting off 2015 with the World Championships in the second week of the year.
Best Sandbox MMO: EVE Online
Runner-up: Minecraft
Making its second appearance in this year's awards EVE Online has been voted as best sandbox MMO. This year CCP adopted a very aggressive update schedule that sees something new EVEry 6 weeks. The first update of 2014 wasn't released until June but they quickly made up for it by having 6 expansion updates before the year ended. The next update is just around the corner too! It has a projected release date of January 13th. With the universe forEVEr changing, bringing new things in and expanding the possibilities is it any wonder EVE was voted best sandbox MMO of 2014?
Most Anticipated MMO of 2015: Warhammer 40,000 Eternal Crusades
Runner-up: City of Titans
In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only war. In the coming new year, there is only Eternal Crusade. If you asked a gamer what universe needed an MMO the answer would be, nine times out of ten, Warhammer 40,000. When Eternal Crusade was announced fans around the world rejoiced! It is made EVEn better by the fact that Behaviour has 40k fans making the game. So far fans have only been able to watch Miguel Caron and other passionate dEVElopers playing, but Early Access is coming. We can't wait to see what 2015 brings for Warhammer 40,000 Eternal Crusades.
Best MOBA: Smite
Runner-up: League of Legends
Best MOBA, there was no award more hotly contested than this one. Smite and League of Legends traded places at the top all month long with Smite finally coming out ahead by a little over 3,000 votes. Smite nearly reached 40,000 votes in this category alone making it the top voted for game in this year's awards, Even if you add up all the votes EVE received! 2014 was an amazing year for MOBAs, (and also a terrible one, thinking of you Dawngate) and none more so than Smite.
Though League of Legends was the runner up the honorable mention for Best MOBA is going to go to Dawngate who will sadly never see the light of launch. Sadly it just wasn't as successful as EA had hoped it would be, though it could be said there are many reasons for it. We will unfortunately never see Dawngate in this award list again.
Best MMO: EVE Online
Runner-up: Guild Wars 2
What more can be said about EVE that hasn't already been said? It had a fantastic year, the players have a statue created in their honor and really you wouldn't guess looking at the fanbase and game itself that in 2014 it celebrated 11 years of being online. CCP has a busy schedule laid out for EVE in 2015
2014 was an interesting year, as with any other it had a fair share of ups and downs. Sadly there were perhaps more downs than ups this year. But what did well did really well. Smite and EVE clearly both had a fantastic year and that shows in the passion the players have for the games. 2015 may not yet have a lot to offer in the MMO universe but we still can't wait to try out EVErything the year has to offer. From the far future to playing with the various pantheon of Gods themselves it's clear that the traditional fantasy MMO isn't what people are after at the moment. Instead they want something new and unique. 2014 gave us that, hopefully 2015 will be more of the same.
Related: Awards
× Close Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy
1. Terms
By accessing Dreamcatcher Events' Websites, you are agreeing to be bound by these Websites' Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in these Websites are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Dreamcatcher Events' Websites for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Dreamcatcher Events' Websites;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Dreamcatcher Events at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Dreamcatcher Events' Websites are provided "as is". Dreamcatcher Events makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Dreamcatcher Events does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet Websites or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Dreamcatcher Events or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Dreamcatcher Events Internet site, even if Dreamcatcher Events or a Dreamcatcher Events authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errors
The materials appearing on Dreamcatcher Events' Websites could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Dreamcatcher Events does not warrant that any of the materials on its Websites are accurate, complete, or current. Dreamcatcher Events may make changes to the materials contained on its Websites at any time without notice. Dreamcatcher Events does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Dreamcatcher Events has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet Websites and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Dreamcatcher Events of the site. Use of any such linked Websites is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Dreamcatcher Events may revise these terms of use for its Websites at any time without notice. By using these Websites you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Dreamcatcher Events Websites shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR EVENT PROVIDERS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS AND SPONSORS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR, AND YOU HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO SEEK, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OTHER THAN OUT-OF-POCKET EXPENSES, AND ANY RIGHTS TO HAVE DAMAGES MULTIPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCREASED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE DREAMCATCHER WEBSITES, THE CONTENT, OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED THROUGH THE DREAMCATCHER SITES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BASED UPON ANY CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER FOR (a) ANY FAILURE OF ANOTHER USER OF THE DREAMCATCHER WEBSITE TO CONFORM TO THE CODES OF CONDUCT, (b) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR WEBSITE AND/OR ANY FACILITIES RELATED THERETO, (c) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (d) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, DEFECTS, DATE BOMBS, TIME BOMBS OR OTHER ITEMS OF A DESTRUCTIVE NATURE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR WEBSITE, OR (e) ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE WEBSITE IS TO STOP USING THE WEBSITE. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN US IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF DAMAGES, SO THESE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. IN NO EVENT WILL ATTORNEYS' FEES BE AWARDED OR RECOVERABLE.
INDEMNIFICATION
If anyone brings a claim against us related to your use of the Dreamcatcher Website or your violation of these Terms, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliated companies, event providers, suppliers, advertisers and sponsors, and each of our officers, directors, employees, and agents, harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs). We reserve the right to take exclusive control and defense of any claim, and you will cooperate fully with us in asserting any available defenses.
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Here's a blast from the past.
Remember the case of Chandra Levy?
Levy is the 24-year old intern with the Federal Bureau of Prisons who went missing in 2001.
What made this missing persons case so intriguing was that it was later discovered that Levy was romantically entangled with then-Representative Gary Condit (D-Calif.), a married man, at the time.
Suspicion fell to Condit, but they were eventually ruled out as a suspect.
Levy's remains were found in Rock Creek Park a year later, and eventually, Ingmar Guandique-Blanco, an immigrant from El Salvador, was charged with their murder.
They were convicted of Levy's murder in 2010, based on a jailhouse informant's testimony, but charges were dropped in 2016, following a retrial.
That doesn't mean he's just walking away.
News today from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is that Guandique is a known member of MS-13, a violent gang, and that they will be deported back to El Salvador.
From The Hill:
“Guandique unlawfully entered the United States at an unknown location and date,” ICE said, according to the TV station. “His criminal record was lengthy, dating back to May 2001 when they were arrested on local charges by Washington, D.C.'s Metropolitan Police Department,” it added. “In February 2002, they were sentenced to 10 years of incarceration on each of two counts of assault with intent to commit robbery. In February 2011, they were convicted of first degree murder, but after requesting a new trial, their case was later dismissed.”
With the dismissal of charges against Guandique, Levy's case remains unsolved, but this is one more bad character that will no longer be the problem of the United States.
The 1960 Plymouth XNR, a one-of-a-kind concept vehicle by famed Chrysler designer Virgil Exner, sold at a California classic car auction Saturday for $935,000.
The final price includes a 10% fee paid to auction company RM Auctions.
Despite its wild lines and bizarre shape, the XNR was -- and still is -- a real, drivable automobile.
In fact, the XNR, which is powered by a 260 horsepower "slant six" engine, reached speeds of 150 miles an hour on Chrysler's test track, the automaker has said. That's especially impressive when you realize that concept cars, even today, are often nothing more than automobile sculptures -- three-dimensional doodles that are rarely functional.
Cool collectible cars for sale at Pebble Beach
But the most amazing thing about the XNR is that it has survived. In fact, it did so in one of the most dangerous places on earth: Beirut during the Lebanese civil war.
After the XNR's tour of duty as a show car was completed, Carrozzeria Ghia, the Italian coachbuilder that assembled the auto, claimed ownership. Ghia sold the XNR to someone who, in turn, sold it to the Shah of Iran.
After leaving the Shah's care, the XNR turned up in a Beirut parking garage where a Lebanese car collector found it. The car was moved several times to various hiding places throughout the city to keep it from destruction.
In 2008, the car collector Karim Edde sent the car to RM Restorations for thorough restoration work. RM Restorations is affiliated with RM Auctions,
Based on a Plymouth Valiant chassis, the XNR was built from steel, not from fiberglass, as most concept cars are. Its design was partly inspired by the Jaguar D-type, a 1950s racecar with a huge off-center vertical rudder.
The car was in surprisingly good shape, according to RM, but still needed two years of restoration work. Virgil Exner, Jr. provided restorers with their father's archive of materials related to the car.
Restorers also relied on photographs from Motor Trend and Road & Track magazine, both of which had featured the XNR on their covers during its show-car days.
6 ultra-rare supercars from around the world
Now fully restored, the XNR runs and drives well, said Mario Van Raay, General Manager at RM Auto Restoration.
"It sounds great," they said. "The engine note is fantastic."
There's no reason the car shouldn't be able to still hit 150 mph on a track, but given the car's historic and artistic value it's unlikely anyone will ever try that again.
Concept cars like this, which automakers use to test out new design themes, can be worth a lot of money. Some, in fact, have sold for far more than was paid for the XNR.
In 2005, the 1954 Oldsmobile F-88 concept vehicle sold for $3.24 million at a Barrett-Jackson auction. Last year, the Desoto Adventurer II concept, also designed by Exner, sold for $1.5 million.
A couple of years ago, I decided to take up distance running in addition to all the other things I do with my time (work, aikido, parenting, and so on). Initially, I started running for the simplest reason: my wife was running. More specifically, they had torn their meniscus, and I cold not understand why they were still trying to run if it caused their pain. So I strapped on a pair of running shoes and headed out, in an effort to experience what they were experiencing, and perhaps understand their mindset better. (And, one major stress fracture later, I do understand–almost too well. But that's a story for another post…)
I ended up continuing to run because I find running long distances to be very complimentary to aikido. For example, running requires a combination of relaxation without compromising form–a state of being we often seek in our aikido practice. In addition, running long distances has allowed me to better appreciate ki breathing. I am fortunate to live in a part of the country where I can run in very open, natural environments, so I can breathe deeply and fully, knowing the air is relatively clean and pure. There is a great deal I could potentially write about regarding running and aikido–and I hope to do so. But, in this post, I want to focus on something specific: headphones. Or rather, the lack of headphones.
You see, often when I run it is either early in the morning or heading into evening. Rather than head to the gym and log hours on the treadmill (which I am actually fine with), I often will head outside and run the streets of my neighborhood. It didn't take me long to realize that, if I was going to do this, I had to forego my headphones. There are three primary reasons for this:
By running without headphones, I can pay better attention to my body. I can build a better awareness of how hard I'm working, or how a given pace feels. Without headphones, I am more aware of my surroundings. I appreciate the setting sun, or the view of the mountains. Especially at night, people like to drive up behind me as I run and honk, scaring the crap out of me.
That last one–#3–is the reason for this post. There is nothing like having someone drive up behind you when you're running–on the sidewalk, well away from the street–and honking at you. I don't know why they do it, but it makes me jump every time. Interestingly, though, I can feel the impact of aikido training at these moments. It's impossible not to react to the sudden noise, but I know that, thanks to aikido, I revert to calmness much faster. The last few times someone has honked as I ran, I reacted, then immediately fell back into one point and kept running.
I then started to wonder–is it possible not to react at all? In an effort to get to this point, I tried anticipating that any car that was coming up behind me might honk their horn in an effort to startle me. As you can imagine, this was a ridiculous notion–especially when as I am often running on well-traveled streets. I have given up on anticipation, and now am I trying to do something different (or at least, different for me). Now, I recognize that any car could honk, but that this is one of a thousand possibilities that could occur. I don't dismiss any of these possibilities. Rather, I try to let them flow through my mind, like a river.
This might seem counter-productive. After all, in aikido we often value stillness. Yet, a thousand drops of water flow within a river, and a river is not chaotic. It is the river, and each drop of water within it, while potentially distinct, in the end is part of a greater whole.
I know little of meditation. But I have been wondering if, too often, I try to limit my thoughts in order to achieve a sense of calmness. Perhaps, instead, I should treat my every day thoughts much as I do when I run–let the flow through me like a river, and find my calmness in the current.
Advertisements
Ashkan Soltani, an independent researcher and technologist specializing on issues relating to privacy, security and behavioral economics. They were hired as a senior advisor to the U.S. Chief Technology Officer in the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy in Dec. of 2015 but was not granted security clearance and left in Jan. of 2016. (Photo11: Ashkan Soltani)
SAN FRANCISCO - A Pulitzer prize-winning computer security expert recently hired by the Chief Technology Officer of the United States, Megan Smith, has been denied a security clearance and is heading to the West coast.
Ashkan Soltani was previously the chief technologist at the Federal Trade Commission. They were hired by the White House's Office of Science and Technology Policy as a senior adviser to Smith in December.
On Friday they posted to Twitter that they were disappointed to announce their departure as they had been notified last week that they would not receive the security clearance necessary to continue working at the White House.
"Bittersweet end to my stint in government," they tweeted.
Bittersweet end to my stint in government — I'm disappointed to announce my departure from @whitehouseostppic.twitter.com/nYlBI1b2ur — ashkan soltani (@ashk4n) January 29, 2016
In an interview with The Guardian, Soltani said that they didn't know why they had failed the check, but that they had passed the mandatory drug screening and the FBI background check was still underway.
There was "no allegation that it was based on my integrity or the quality of my work," they told the paper.
Soltani said their mandate had been to help Smith and their team "work though hard questions on consumer privacy, the ethics of big data and the recruitment of skilled technologists to government."
Soltani was on the team that won a Pulitzer Prize at The Washington Post for investigating surveillance initiatives of the National Security Agency.
They had researched and written about Edward Snowden, security, national policy and other issues at the Post, the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times. Many on Twitter speculated that their work about Snowden's leaks might have predisposed the security staff to distrust him.
An official at the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy who was not authorized to speak on the record said Soltani was on a detail to the Office of Science and Technology Police from the Federal Trade Commission and that their detail had ended. The official was unable to comment further on an individual personnel matter.
At the White House, Smith has been trying to lure more computer technologists to come work for the government, despite lower pay and fewer perks than they can get in the white-hot tech job market. In multiple public appearances they have asked tech workers to consider serving their country by coming to work for it.
On Twitter, Soltani said they planned to move to the West coast.
Definitely ready to go back to the west coast— just wish I hadn't spent all my money on suits instead of bike partshttps://t.co/MTx3KMGxVL — ashkan soltani (@ashk4n) January 30, 2016
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1SP4pTk
Growing up in Colorado Springs in the 1940s and 1950s, Pueblo seemed as exotic and remote as Detroit or Dallas. Denver was cool and alluring, with museums, Broadway shows and fashionable stores, while Pueblo was a tough industrial city.
In those days, public high schools didn't field soccer and lacrosse teams — those were effete sports, fit only for Europeans and Canadians. Basketball? Skinny sissies running around in their underwear!
If you wanted respect at Colorado Springs High School you played football, but there was a catch.
Sooner or later, you'd have to play Pueblo Central or Pueblo Centennial, teams as tough and gritty as the city they represented. We had some tough guys and some championship teams at Colorado Springs High School in the 1950s, but we weren't wall-to-wall tough like the Pueblo kids. So like a sensible kid, I didn't play football.
Colorado Springs was a poky little tourist town then — one very much in the shadow of its broad-shouldered neighbor. Pueblo was bigger (63,685 vs. 45,472 in 1950), more diverse and somehow more American. They had steel mills, railroad yards and a river, while we had The Broadmoor hotel, idle rich people and a muddy creek.
The two cities grew rapidly between 1950 and 1960, but Pueblo stayed ahead, 91,181 to 70,194. It looked as if both would flourish in the coming decades.
- Advertisement -
It was already clear that Colorado Springs and similar cities in the West and Southwest would attract migrants from the frosty Midwest, and it was reasonable to assume that Pueblo's manufacturing and transportation-based economy would remain vital. After all, American manufacturing led the world — and always would.
Snotty kids in Colorado Springs could call Pueblo “Pewtown” because of acrid emissions from the blast furnaces of Colorado Fuel and Iron, but so what? America would always need steel, and railroads would always knit the country together.
And unlike Colorado Springs, Pueblo was a welcoming place, one where immigrants could find jobs, where factories could take root, where literally dozens of ethnic communities established churches and social clubs. At one point in the early 20th century, more than two-dozen foreign language newspapers were published in Pueblo. The city was all about business and commerce, about change and adventure, about America itself.
But America was changing.
To the migrants who would populate Colorado Springs, Tucson, Phoenix and southern California, Pueblo was an outlier, a city that reminded them of the grimy industrial metropolises they fled.
Steel, once the bulwark of American manufacturing, began its long decline. Pueblo's economy stagnated and then crashed in 1982.
Colorado Springs prospered, thanks to high-tech manufacturing and a huge military presence. The cities paths diverged, and Colorado Springs politicians seemed to believe that the interests of its southern neighbor were of no importance.
But the proud city of Pueblo lifted itself up from ruin and forged a new identity. The Historic Arkansas River Project transformed the city's downtown, and Pueblo leaders forcefully engaged Colorado Springs over its careless stormwater management practices. Led by newly elected Mayor John Suthers, Colorado Springs agreed to invest $460 million during the next 20 years to mitigate flooding problems along the Arkansas.
For the first time since the mid-1950s, Colorado Springs and Pueblo are on parallel paths again. Their economies are strong, real estate values are increasing, and regional cooperation is on the upswing. Compared to Colorado Springs, Pueblo is unhurried, less congested and offers all the attractions of a small city.
And despite two catastrophic floods in the 20th century, Pueblo's downtown is intact and vibrant. Attracted by the city's diversity, affordability and lively arts community, Millennial entrepreneurs are carving out spaces in the Steel City.
Talking to Pueblo architect Gary Anzuini, I asked them why they had left Colorado Springs for Pueblo.
“I was down in Pueblo one day, and I looked in the yellow pages — remember them?” they said with a smile. “There was only one architect listed in Pueblo, and there were 45 in Colorado Springs. So I figured I could make a pretty good living down here, and I was right.”
Asked for advice by a youngster in the 1880s, Horace Greeley famously said, “Go West, young man!”
If Horace lived in Colorado Springs today, they might word that statement differently: “Go south, young men and women!”
09 Oct 2013
Away3D Typescript 4.1 Alpha
by Rob Bateman
The Away3D team is pleased to announce the first official release of Away3D Typescript!
The more observant of you may have noticed a few suspicious-looking tweets and posts around development activity over the last few months, but we can now officially reveal that yes, there is a new version of Away3D in development, and yes, it is built on top of Typescript / Javascript and WebGL.
Today we release some information around progress and support material, and plan to have more updates for you on our development roadmap in a separate post later this month.
Typescript?
To get you up to speed with Away3D Typescript, we first of all need to outline exactly what Typescript is and why it is so beneficial to Away3D. For more information about the language itself you can go to the official site linked above, but in a nutshell, Typescript is a superset of Javascript that adds class-like inheritance and typed functions & variables to basic Javascript code. It does this by using a compiler to convert Typescript code to Javascript code, which then runs natively in a browser or HTML5-based application platform.
At first glance this may seem like a convoluted route to Javascript development, but the advantages soon become clear the moment you start playing with the Typescript language. For complex libraries like Away3D, having type safety means less errors, clearer functionality, faster coding and more descriptive documentation. It will also be instantly familiar to anyone from an Actionscript 3 background because the two languages are derived from similar ECMAScript standards (Typescript is ES5, while the older Actionscript 3 is based on ES4). And it already has support from many industry-standard development tools such as FlashDevelop, Eclipse, WebStorm and Sublime Text.
Another huge benefit of Typescript is that it isn't trying to be something radically new, and doesn't force you to only work one way. Standard Javascript libs will happily work within a Typescript workflow with the inclusion of an easily created definitions file that specifies the mappings between Javascript and Typescript languages. Don't want to create a definitions file yourself? Head over to DefinitelyTyped, where you'll find several hundred definition files already created for the most popular JS libraries. Want to paste Javascript code into a Typescript file? Again not a problem - Typescript uses typed objects for error checking but you only have to use them if you want that feature.
So why is this beneficial to Away3D? Because this is where we see the web heading, and the emerging role of hardware accelerated graphics in cross-platform content. WebGL has been a web standard for several years now, and browser vendors are beginning to integrate WebGL support into their public version releases. We even see activity on mobile browsers with several vendors releasing WebGL-enabled developer releases on Android, Blackberry and iOS platforms. It is our intention to place Away3D at the center of this new standard as it reaches a coverage viable for use in commercial projects - something we are only now starting to see.
Release
Our new Github repos have the latest sources to sync, and we will be posting a "binary" release with minified includes and accompanying CDN urls later this month. The current version converts around 75% of the existing Flash version of Away3D 4.1 Gold, although we don't expect the same stability just yet as there are still some quirks of WebGL and Javascript that require working through. The library is being tested on all major browsers including those with WebGL capabilities on mobile, in order to focus on providing the best cross-platform experience with Away3D content.
A significant step of the conversion was to resolve our shader scripts into GLSL compatible scripts - not an easy task as all internal Away3D shaders are written on the fly. This was eventually cracked by Adobe, who very kindly donated some R&D work on an AGAL -> GLSL convertor. The code was ported to Typescript and has its own package structure separate from the main classes (christened AGLSL) for those interested in using the source in their own library conversion projects.
Examples
No release would be complete without some examples, so the above link takes you to a specially prepared mini-site where you can try out various demos and tests of the Away3D Typescript framework. Right now we have a limited subset of Away3D functionality ported from Away3D Flash 4.1, but we hope to be adding more very soon.
Remember, you will need a WebGL compatible setup to view the examples - this handy chart shows how compatibility has progressed over the last few years and can point you in the direction of a suitable browser version to download. Another aspect to consider is your operating system and hardware setup which has a role in determining if you will be able to view WebGL content or not - the Khronos Group has a maintained Blacklists and whitelists page on this very subject in case you are experiencing problems.
Getting Started
For a step-by step guide on how to setup your development environment for Away3D Typescript, take a look at the tutorial above. This will guide you through the initial install process of the typescript compiler, and has all the necessary links for downloading a set of examples and a compatible IDE. We have also created a few accompanying video tutorials that should guide you through the basics (in these we use the excellent WebStorm IDE for coding).
Further Updates
Keep an eye on our new Github repos for development activity - we are expecting to put in plenty of work over the coming weeks and months to complete the 4.1 conversion and firm up the library ready for a production release. We will also be posting more on various public speaking events where Away3D Typescript will be presented and discussed. The first of these will be at the Flash Online Conference #6 later this week on Friday 11th October, where you'll hear more about the current state of things, and get a chance to ask any questions you may have. Show your interest by selecting our session on the Stage3D facebook group page.
We are always keen to encourage others to get involved with Away3D development, and with any new development the time to get stuck in is at the start, so let us know if you are interested in helping out! Get in touch via Github or the Away3D forums, we'd also love to hear feedback or suggestions on the current library's implementation / features / bugs.
Enjoy the new release!
The Away3D team
This is only 11 months worth. There's still time to make some news.
Our Sacred Clergy Tax Break takes a hit in federal court. The minister's housing allowance, which allows clergy to exclude a considerable portion of their income from income tax, is ruled unconstitutional by a federal district judge. If you live in a parsonage the decision did not apply to you, only to those who receive a cash HA. Oh yeah, we've been here before…same court, same judge, same plaintiff, same outcome. Nothing changes for now, so max out your HA for 2018, just do it properly.
Russell Moore gets spanked. A megapastor threatens to escrow their Cooperative Program over Moore's criticism of Donald Trump and Moore eventually apologizes. What leaves a bitter taste in my mouth about this is that some accounts said they had to grovel (my word) before a handful of prominent SBC pastors. After being jerked around by a single megapastor's threats, I'm inclined to suggest that SBC entity leaders ignore the next megapastor who gets their nose out of joint.
The Alt-right at sbc2017. The sausage making resolution process at our annual meeting gave the SBC a big black eye back in June. Sure, the opinion of the people in the hall on that one overbaked June day in Phoenix was to denounce the alt-right racists; however, people are still asking questions six months after the fact why the SBC didn't vote against it (we eventually did, it just took some prodding). What happened was that while the alt-right flooded the SBC app with their racist venom, our Resolutions Committee met and declined to report out for a convention vote a resolution condemning the alt-right. This was corrected but even after endless explanations of the messy process we are getting slammed for being racist. One can make a good case for dispensing with resolutions at the annual meeting out of this but fat chance of that.
Texas mass church killing. A miscreant gunman killed 26 at a small Texas church. Included in the dead was the pastor's own daughter and three generations of one family. Churches everywhere are addressing security.
SWBTS has financial problems. Once the world's largest seminary, Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary struggled with financial problems this year, leading to forced layoffs of about 10% of their fulltime workers. This may be a harbinger of things to come in our seminaries and schools. With the Cooperative Program footing less than a third of the bills, and few if any SBC leaders expect it to increase much, schools have to attract students who can afford increasing tuition and other expenses along with individual donors to pay the bills. Some of our schools are doing well, some not so well.
No-name Pastor's Conference is a big hit. Pastor's Conference president Dave Miller and their greater team did a splendid job. Now, perhaps we can elect a non-megapastor as SBC president. This is long overdue.
David Platt moonlights. Leader of our largest entity, The International Mission Board, David Platt accepted an unpaid staff position, Teaching Pastor, for a formerly non-denominational megachurch in McClean, VA. Some Southern Baptists are looking askance at this. Trustees are monitoring the situation and will take a close look when they meet in February.
NAMB gets sued. A former state convention executive is suing the North American Mission Board for interfering with their employment by a state convention that receives considerable funding from NAMB, proving that some among us are perfectly willing to explain away Scripture if the cause or possible reward is sufficiently large.
Roy Moore exposes Alabama Baptists. Alabama senatorial candidate and former judge, Roy Moore, who made a living being the Ten Commandments judge, has multiple, credible reports of their involvement with teenagers while they were in their 30s. This has put a major constituency, conservative Southern Baptists in Alabama, in a bit of a bind. While details of some of the accusers may be debated and the accusations go decades in the past, the fact that there are so many accusers and witnesses makes it difficult to deny that their behavior was abhorrent. If the Ten Commandments guy doesn't see their way to tell the truth about their past, that puts those who preach and teach “Thou shalt not bear false witness” in a tight spot. Whether they are elected or not, we will know next week. Either way, religious conservatives don't look so good after this.
SBC State Conventions portion of the CP slides below 60%. For the first time in over 65 years, the state conventions kept less than 60% of Cooperative Program revenues. Whether or not they will continue to move toward a 50/50 split is questionable but this is progress.
First female parliamentarian at the SBC. Amy Whitfield, communications director for Southeastern Seminary was the first female appointed as an assistant parliamentarian for the SBC annual meeting.
Florida Baptists sell their headquarters building for millions and inexplicably give the money away. They gave over $3 million of the proceeds to the Cooperative Program thereby setting a wonderful precedent for other states. Very unbaptistic but quite an example for other state conventions not to mention Florida Baptist churches and individuals. This was an authentic Cooperative Program moment. Other states have sparkling, very valuable real estate. What will they do?
Not top stories but worth a mention:
Was that Jack Graham standing beside the thrice married prosperity preacheress at the White House?
The Higher Learning Commission put Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary on notice. “HLC took this action because it determined that the Seminary is at risk of not meeting HLC's Criteria for Accreditation related to issues including governance and integrity, institutional leadership, degree program offerings, and institutional planning unless improvements are made in these areas.”
A number of state conventions passed resolutions against racism.
Survey finds that the most exciting thing about one's Baptist association is “nothing.” That was the most popular answer.
Convention president appoints a personal soul winning task force whose intent is to reduce the decline in evangelism in the SBC. Although more than half of active SBC members are female, there is not a single female on the task force.
Did I overlook anything? Feel free to add…
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
WhatsApp
Like this: Like Loading...
House investigators say the largest contract issued by the Internal Revenue Service in the last 15 years has been award fraudulently, but the agency has no plans to revoke it.
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Darrell Issa, R-Calif., said the IRS handed a $266 million purchasing agreement to Strong Castle, an information technology company based in Leesburg, Va., based on the company owner's “longstanding relationship,” with an IRS deputy director Gregory Roseman, who is in charge of the agency's Enterprise Networks and Tier Systems Support.
The company was recently named “small business contractor of the year,” by the Treasury department. According to Issa, the company earned a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business designation based on the owner's injuries sustained during military prep school and not during active duty or in combat for the U.S. armed forces.
Issa issued a report on the fraud investigation Tuesday and plans to hold a hearing on the matter Wednesday that will feature, among other witnesses, both Roseman and Strong Castle Inc. president and CEO Braulio Castillo.
A message sent to Castillo's company by the Washington Examiner has not been returned.
According to the Oversight panel's report, investigators found evidence of the relationship between the two men despite public denials earlier this year by Castillo that had a close relationship with anyone at the IRS. More than 350 text messages between Roseman and Castillo tell a different story, the report found.
“The messages show a relationship far closer than an arms-length relationship between a contractor and government contracting customer,” the report states. “Text messages include grossly inappropriate homophobic slurs that underscore a problematically close relationship. Castillo said months of records for other text messages, at critical contract junctures, were accidentally deleted and unavailable.”
Among the text messages between the two men were “offensive jokes about the physical appearance of other IRS employees.”
Castillo also asked Roseman for help “structuring a deal” to set up a new company that would focus on selling technology to the IRS.
Roseman, who was in charge of millions of dollars in IRS contracts, sent Castillo a text message on Dec. 31, 2011, congratulating them on their new company and telling him, “U will be fortune 500 in no time.”
Within a year, the IRS had awarded contracts valued at more than $500 million to the new company.
The report also found that Roseman helped Castillo win contracts with the General Services Administration by “calling on old friends,” at the agency.
The report also notes that the Small Business Administration revoked the company's “HUBzone” designation, which along with the Service-Disabled, Veteran-Owned label, gave Castillo a competitive edge.
The report accuses Castillo of using fraudulent hiring practices to obtain the HUBzone label, which, according to the Small Business Administration, helps companies “gain preferential access to federal procurement opportunities,” if they locate in “underutilized business zones.”
Castillo is located primarily in Leesburg but keeps an office in Chinatown.
According to investigators, the head of the IRS Office of Information Technology Acquisition said they would cancel the $266 million contract if it turned out Castillo had fraudulently obtained their HUBzone certification. But now, the IRS official said they have no plans to do so because “canceling the contract would be too disruptive,” according to the report.
Update: Castillo has issued a written statement responding to the report:
“Strong Castle, Inc. is a small business that delivers high-quality IT products and services to the federal government. The family-owned company is a well-qualified, minority-owned small business, and all of its contracts with the federal government were properly awarded through the competitive procurement process.
“The U.S. government has a variety of programs intended to create contracting opportunities for qualified small businesses. Among these programs are the HUBZone program (for Historically Underutilized Business Zones) and the SDVOSB program (for Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concerns). We have worked closely with the U.S. Small Business Administration and the Department of Veterans Affairs to meet the requirements to qualify as a HUBZone business and a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern.
“Throughout our work with the IRS, we have never received any improper preferential treatment, and have competed fairly for every contract that we have received. We are confident that the record will ultimately show that our company has committed no wrongdoing.”
Given how much they had been mythologized in songs like "Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out" and "No Surrender," it seemed that Bruce Springsteen would never part ways with the E Street Band. However, on Oct. 18, 1989, that's exactly what they did.
A month earlier, they had all gotten together to celebrate their 40th birthday at a Jersey Shore bar, with the night ending, naturally, with a jam session. But as much fun as that evening was, it couldn't hide the fact that there had been internal problems for a while. They had used the band sparingly on their previous album, Tunnel of Love , and many longtime fans had thought that its ensuing tour had lacked the spark that had made their concerts legendary.
"I think we got into a rut in our relationships," Springsteen told Peter Ames Carlin in Bruce . "I needed to take a break, do some other things, probably play with some other musicians, which I hadn't done in a long time. ... I just didn't know where to take the band next. It seemed like we'd reached an apex of what were were trying to do and say."
Given that their association with some members extended back to the late '60s, it made no small degree of sense. Spending time observing Sting and Peter Gabriel , both of whom had left successful bands, on the Human Rights Now! tour in the fall of 1988 showed them the possibility of using other musicians to explore new creative paths.
They called them up one-by-one and broke the news. In their memoir Big Man , Clarence Clemons wrote that they and Nils Lofgren were in Japan with Ringo Starr in the first incarnation of the All-Starr Band when the call came. Fortunately, Starr knew a thing or two about moving on from a world famous group and was able to provide emotional support.
Listen to Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band Perform 'Blood Brothers'
Even though Bruce Springsteen was going to look in other directions, they made it clear that the split wasn't permanent, only indefinite. "He never said they were breaking up the band," bassist Garry Tallent told Carlin . "He was like, 'Just so you know, for the next little while I'll be doing some other things, and you're free to do other things.' It was a courtesy call to let you know you were free to go down any pathways you found appealing."
Springsteen also didn't make a clean break from E Street. For Human Touch and Lucky Town , which were released on the same day in 1992, keyboardist Roy Bittan and backup singer Patti Scialfa, whom Springsteen married in 1990, appeared and were featured on the tour. Bittan also co-produced Human Touch and co-wrote two of its songs.
They reconvened the E Street Band in early 1995 to record some new tracks for a compilation, even bringing Steven Van Zandt , whom Lofgren replaced in 1984, back into the fold. While the documentary Blood Brothers shows those sessions to be all smiles, it whitewashed over the tension in the studio. Shortly thereafter, Scialfa, Tallent and keyboardist Danny Federici contributed to The Ghost of Tom Joad , and later that year the whole band performed at the opening of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, which was deemed by all to be an uncomfortable gig.
In the fall of 1998, 10 years after the end of the Human Rights Now! tour, they began discussing a full-scale reunion, which began in the spring of 1999, shortly after Springsteen was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Since then, they've recorded five albums of new material, even as Federici and Clemons have passed away, with its core members supplemented by a five-piece horn section and background vocalists.
In this post you will have free access to download strength of materials pdf , Fourth Edition by Dr. R. K. Bansal
Strength of Materials Books by R. K. Bansal Free Download
Strength of Materials , also known as mechanics of materials , deals with the behavior of solid objects subject to stresses and strains . when an object is in compression and tension.
The theory of strength of material began with the consideration of the behavior of one and two dimensional members of structures, whose states of stress can be approximated as two dimensional, and was then generalized to three dimensions to develop a more complete theory of the elastic and plastic behavior of materials. Strength of materials covers various methods of calculating the stresses and strains in structural members, such as beams, columns, and shafts as in structural aspect of civil engineering
You May Like: Solution Manual of Mechanics of materials by Beer and Johnston
Table of Contents:
Strength of Materials Books by R K Bansal covers the following subjects ; Elastic Constants Strain Energy and Impact Loading Centre of Gravity and Moment of Inertia Stresses in a Thick Cylindrical Shell Columns and Struts Riveted Joints Welded Joints Supported Beam with a Point Load at Midpoint Bending Stresses in Beams Torsion of Shafts and Springs Thin Cylinders and Spheres Download Strength of Materials Books by R . K . Bansal Free Download A PDF on Strength Of Materials : Mechanics of Solids (S.I. Units) (English)
TAGS
To no surprise, Brian Cashman confirmed the Yankees will not simply hand their top young players roster spots next season. They'll have to earn it. “May the best man win,” said Cashman to Brendan Kuty recently when asked specifically about first base in the wake of Mark Teixeira's retirement.
At this point it's safe to say that yes, Gary Sanchez has earned their place on the 2017 Yankees. Not exactly going out on a limb here. He's the only young guy who has forced the issue this season though. First base and right field are another matter, ditto the pitching staff. And the bench too, I suppose. There's a lot going on here, so let's break it all down.
1. Competition is good! There seems to be this sense that when you're a rebuilding transitioning team, the best thing to do is throw the kids out there and let them sink or swim. I couldn't disagree more. Yes, there comes a point when you have to run a young player out there everyday to help them develop, but handing players jobs? Nah. That should be reserved for the best of the best.
Besides, competition between young players is good and healthy. They push each other to get better and it helps foster that “be the best player you can be” mentality. That's a good thing. “We want a team full of good players. That's how we're going to win games,” said Greg Bird to Kuty. “And that's us competing or other people competing with each other makes us all better, than that's what we want.”
2. There's a wide range of outcomes at first base. A year ago at this time we were all thrilled about the future at first base, the same way we're thrilled about the future at catcher right now. Bird burst onto the scene and played very well down the stretch last season. They aren't Sanchez, but they were pretty awesome. The Yankees really missed Bird this year. They would have helped at first base and DH big time.
Bird's shoulder injury has created some questions about next season. How healthy will they be? How quickly will they be back at full strength? Will they ever get back to full strength? Bird told Kuty their shoulder feels great — “It's stronger than what it was and it's structurally sound now,” they said — and he'll soon face live pitching in Instructional League and the Arizona Fall League, but until they get out there everyday, we just can't know what he's capable of. This was a major injury.
With any luck, Bird will come back and pick up right where they left off last season, giving the Yankees a no-doubt answer at first base. There's a chance they may need time at Triple-A to shake off the rust, however, in which case Tyler Austin becomes Plan A at first base. I guess? Austin or Rob Refsnyder. Maybe Brian McCann or Austin Romine? First base could be really good or really bad next season. Bird could rake or the Yankees could end up cycling through players all year in an effort to find a solution.
3. Right field seems wide open. Give the Yankees a truth serum and I'm guessing they'd tell you they want Aaron Judge to take the right field job in Spring Training and run with it. Of their in-house options, they have the best chance to become a middle of the order bat one day. “He will have to earn their way on to next year's roster. There are no absolutes. Without question, he'll be better for the experience,” said Cashman to Andrew Marchand.
Judge struggled to make contact this season and he's losing reps now due to the oblique injury, which stinks. That's valuable development time, even if it is only three weeks. Their primary competition figures to be Austin, Refsnyder, Aaron Hicks, and Mason Williams. And you know what? The right field job could fall on two players via platoon or some kind of time share. It would be awesome if Judge won the job. I feel like anything could happen in right field though. Hicks everyday, a Williams/Austin platoon, whatever.
4. A veteran backup plan feels like a must. The Yankees have brought in a veteran bench player to cover first base and right field the last two years, and it didn't work either time. Garrett Jones didn't hit last year and Dustin Ackley blew out their shoulder this year. Neither played all that much either because the Yankees had pricey veterans in the lineup. It was a smart use of a roster spot that didn't work out.
Since the Yankees are poised to go young at first base and in right field next year, bringing in a veteran backup plan for depth again makes sense, and this time at-bats should be easier to come by. Veterans like Teixeira and Carlos Beltran get the benefit of the doubt and stay in the lineup no matter what. A struggling kid could see a little more time in the bench just to get a mental break now and then.
We can sort through potential candidates for this role in the offseason — I'll be beating the Steve Pearce drum this winter, so get ready for it (yes I know he's having elbow surgery) — though it's worth noting the Yankees have some options for this role themselves. Perfect world scenario is what, Bird at first and Judge in right with Austin and/or Refsnyder backing up both positions? I guess so, but a little veteran depth to protect against a Bird setback/Judge whiff-fest would be nice.
5. Severino shouldn't be guaranteed anything. Competition for a rotation spot or a few bullpen spots is nothing new. I can't remember the last time the Yankees didn't have some pitching spots up for grabs in camp. I'm sure that'll be true next year as well. Chad Green, Luis Cessa, and Bryan Mitchell could all wind up competing for the fifth starter's job, for example. That would be ideal, really.
Luis Severino presents an interesting case. They got hammered as a starter this season in two separate stints, but he's also dominated out of the bullpen. The Yankees insist they don't want to give up on them as a starter because he's still so young and I believe them. But, because they were so bad a starter this season and lost feel for their changeup, Severino shouldn't come to camp with a rotation spot locked up like they did this year. They should have to earn it like everyone else.
Severino is in the bullpen right now because they give the Yankees the best chance to win. That's all there is to it. They haven't thrown their changeup much in relief — seven of their 200 pitches this month have been changeups, so yeah — and that's kind of a problem. Their development as a starting pitcher should be the priority in 2017. If that means more time in Triple-A, so be it. Severino shouldn't be handed a spot just because. That would be a mistake.
Photo courtesy of the author
Over the past year, I've been asked on countless occasions, "Hey, aren't you that girl who doesn't suck dick?" It happens at parties. While waiting to order a drink at a bar. On Tinder. Perhaps this shouldn't be surprising, since I told the internet that I don't give blowjobs last March, but I honestly didn't think it would be that big of a deal.
As it turns out, I was very wrong. In my piece, I wrote about how after years of men expecting me to suck their dicks without ever reciprocating, I was fed up. If men expect to get an orgasm out of a hookup—without having to give anything in return—then I would adopt that approach, too.
As much as I dislike forever being associated with blowjobs (or rather, the lack thereof), I'm glad it started a real conversation about the unfairness in the giving and receiving of pleasure during sex between heterosexual partners. Writing it was therapeutic for me, too. I'm less angry than I was then, and a lot happier with myself and how I approach sex. And while it's a little awkward when guys message me on Tinder and tell me they know who I am—the no blowjob girl—the upside is that at least they know where I stand and must agree with it on some level.
But here's the thing: Since I wrote that article, I have sucked dick. Please, legions of haters, don't take this as some sort of win. I vowed never to suck dick the same way I vowed never to eat an entire baguette in one sitting—deep down, I knew it would happen again eventually. These days, when I choose to give blowjobs, it's under particular circumstances—namely, that my partner has actually taken the time to eat me out, make me come, and respect my sexual needs. I give blowjobs when they're deserved. The problem is, they very rarely are.
If a man is making my life feel like a Weeknd song, I'm not going to suck their dick. If you don't text me back, you don't deserve a mouth on your dick. On the other hand, if a guy treats me like a woman whose needs they respect and goes down on me first, then sure, I'll consider going down on him. But getting to that place has always been the struggle.
Penetration is great, but no matter how long, curved, or fat your dick is, it's not going to happen for me. That's true for plenty of other women, too—it's clit or bust. In other words, if a guy and I have sex, but I don't suck their dick, they can still come. If we have sex and they don't eat me out, I can't.
A few months before I wrote that first article, I'd been seeing a guy who refused to go down on me every time I asked. Their excuse? They only does that when he's in a committed relationship with a woman. At the same time, they made it clear that they fully expected me to go down on him. They didn't seem to understand—or care about—the obvious hypocrisy.
Since then, I've learned to put my foot down. I recently saw an old love interest of mine, who was visiting from out of town. After a little bit of making out, they asked me if I had a condom. I told them I'd like for them to go down on me first, to which they replied, "I'll do it after we have sex." I've been fed that line before, and it almost always results in the guy suddenly being "too tired" to eat me out. I told them I'd prefer they just do it then, which would actually benefit the penetrative sex for both of us, but they said no. So I left.
For far too long, it's been OK to shun cunnilingus. I hear men all the time who say, "Nah, not for me." But when a woman decided to act the same toward sucking dick, it became a controversy. If I had to become the spokesperson for cunnilingus to start to change that, so be it.
Of course, I've also realized that shunning blowjobs is probably a little extreme, which is why I broke my own rule. I gave a blowjob for the first time in over a year after a guy I had seriously strong feelings for ate me out in such a top-notch way I almost considered buying them a medal. We weren't in a relationship, but it was going in that direction, and they were giving me the attention and respect I now know to require of my romantic partners. Giving them head felt different than the times I had reluctantly done so for other guys in the past. I enjoyed pleasing him, because of how much I knew they enjoyed pleasing me.
Blowjobs are a privilege, not a right. When men can start to appreciate what it takes to get women off, I'll suck dick without complaint. But until then, I'm going to keep complaining.
Follow Alison Stevenson on Twitter.
HTC, Not Apple, Real Winner In ITC Ruling, Analyst Says - Forbes. As most lawyers know, the headline in an opinion sometimes belies the actual result, once the opinion is read. So, before you believe the headlines about Apple's recent patent "victory" over HTC, read the whole opinion. Research analyst Pierre Ferragu at Bernstein Research has opined that the ITC found HTC had only violated one Apple patent out of 10 originally cited in the Apple Complaint. And, no specific phones were identified, and a workaround or feature removal will not likely be a problem. In fact, RIM has been doing the same thing with BlackBerries since before Apple made its first phone. So, it seems likely that, hype notwithstanding, you can keep your HTC phone for a while longer.
Lonzo Ball, Brandon Ingram, and Julius Randle each possess unique traits at their respective positions. Lonzo is a game-changing outlet passer who rebounds extremely well for a Point Guard, while Ingram and Randle are exceptional ball-handlers for their size, and a handful in transition. Their collective offensive potential is full of both exciting possibilities and potential concerns about their long term compatibility.
In the first Laker Film Room video for Forum Blue & Gold, I went back through the entire 2016-17 season's worth of footage to see where Ingram and Randle progressed, thrived, and struggled, while combing through Lonzo's Summer League to project forward into the 2017-18 season. Their collective ability in transition could make the Lakers one of the most exciting fast break teams in the NBA from Day 1, but questions regarding the outside shooting of Ingram and Randle, as well as the individual scoring ability of Lonzo Ball could be problematic in half court situations.
How Lonzo Ball, Brandon Ingram, & Julius Randle Fit Together from Laker Film Room on Vimeo.
Laker Film Room is fueled by your support. If you believe in the work that I do, please consider pledging $1 per month or making a one-time donation to continue to make it possible. You can find me on Twitter @LakerFilmRoom and on YouTube here.
NEWARK — While Newark was laying off police officers and begging for state bailouts, one of its most important contractors was siphoning off millions of city dollars in illegal payments, sweetheart deals, and risky stock ventures right under the noses of city leaders, according to a report released today by the state comptroller's office.
Until a judge appointed trustees to dissolve the agency last year, the Newark Watershed Conservation Development Corporation managed the city's 35,000 acres of reservoirs and treated water for more than 500,000 customers in northern New Jersey.
Between 2008 and 2011, the state comptroller alleges that agency leaders and insiders absconded with millions of public dollars.
"This report documents an egregious and yet preventable abuse of public funds that was allowed to continue unfettered for years because of poor oversight,” said comptroller chief of staff Melissa Liebermann in a statement issued today with the 45-page report.
Acting State Comptroller Marc Larkins was recused from the matter. Much of the inquiry was headed by their predecessor, Matthew Boxer.
Linda Watkins-Brashear, the agency's director and a political ally of former Newark mayor, now Sen. Cory Booker, wrote unreported checks to themselves to the tune of $200,000, was awarded $700,000 in two severance packages, gave more than $1 million in contracts to their friends and ex-husband, and lost $500,000 in dubious stock ventures, the report states.
When asked about the transactions by the state comptroller, Watkins-Brashear invoked their Fifth Amendment right to not incriminate herself, the report said.
Through their attorneys, Watkins-Brashear said the report wrongly laid blame at their feet and said they acted at all times with the knowledge and approval of then Mayor Cory Booker's administration.
"The report provides the public with an inaccurate depiction of how the NWCDC operated, the propriety of the transactions at issue, and how some of the perceived problems came to pass," attorney Michael Baldassare said in a statement. "Ms. Watkins-Brashear acted as they were directed, believed at all times that their actions were appropriate and duly authorized, and faithfully discharged their obligations for over 32 years."
Since the 1970's, the NWCDC was a flight attendant of the city's watershed land in Passaic, Morris and Sussex counties. By the 1990's, the city was also contracting the agency to run Newark's purification plant in Pequannock.
Shortly after Booker took over, every aspect of the city's water infrastructure was managed by the NWCDC through contracts and consultants.
Despite investigations by the Newark Water Group, a watchdog collective of resident activists, as well as a series of financial misdeeds reported in The Star-Ledger, the Booker administration continued to fund no-bid contracts to the agency at the rate of roughly $10 million a year. The city was the agency's only customer, meaning all of its funding came from public dollars.
Last year, after the comptroller revealed some of its findings to city officials, the Booker administration decided to dissolve the agency and asked Newark Superior Court Judge Dennis Carey III to appoint a new board of trustees.
Armed with subpoena power, Boxer's office scoured years of records and receipts between 2008 and 2011. They compelled testimony from agency lawyers, accountants and city officials. Their exhaustive report recounts a level of mismanagement and corruption unimagined even by agency critics.
In 2010, the same year Newark laid off more than 160 police officers and about 800 other employees, Watkins-Brashear treated themselves and 20 guests to a $1,400 feast in Atlantic City during the annual League of Municipalities conference, the report states.
Watkins-Brashear and their guests dined that night on lobster, king crab and filet mignon, washed down with martinis, cognac and wine, according to the comptroller's findings.
For years, city council members led by Augusto Amador, Ras Baraka, Anibal Ramos and Ron Rice called for investigations into the watershed and de-funded its operation after agency officials refused to provide information and testimony to the council.
"As the Chairman of the Council Committee on the Watershed, I now feel vindicated in calling for a State investigation after we sensed that something was wrong," Amador said in a statement. "The findings confirm my initial claim that there was wrong activity going on at the Watershed and I applaud the work done by former Comptroller Boxer to uncover and bring to justice those who abused public confidence while managing that public agency."
Baraka said they were not surprised by the comptroller's findings.
"The Council was suspicious of many things including no bid contracts, operating without a quorum and growing costs," Baraka said. "And to make matters worse they went court to sue the city for additional funding. This organization grew beyond the city's control years ago. It needed to be dismantled then. I feel that we were vindicated in this as Councilman Rice and myself were named in lawsuit against them."
Ramos applauded the comptroller's investigation, adding "This serves as wake-up call for the city to look at the spending practices of other quasi governmental organizations that the city currently deals with. "
The report chides Booker and their administration for failing to monitor the agency's dealings, saying they did not attend any board meetings despite being the ex-officio chairperson.
"He stated that with respect to the NWCDC, they relied on the city's business administrator to attend board meetings on their behalf," the report states. "However, that individual resigned form the city's employment and the board in May 2010 and the mayor never designated a replacement."
Brashear donated more than $5,000 to Booker and their political allies in Newark between 2008 and 2010, according to reports filed with the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission, and shows up as a volunteer on several of Booker's filings. They donated $1,000 to Booker's Senate campaign last year, according to FEC filings.
"The malfeasance alleged in the comptroller's report is infuriating, and any wrongdoing should be punished to the fullest extent of the law," Booker said in a statement. “For years, I led a public battle to reform Newark's water system and improve oversight and accountability, but those efforts were repeatedly blocked. When serious concerns regarding wrongdoing at the Watershed were raised early last year, I took immediate action to dissolve it and bring its operations under the direct control of the city.”
Booker was elected last year to fill out the remainder of Sen. Frank Lautenberg's term after Lautenberg died in office.
Booker's long-time friend and political ally, Elnardo Webster, was the NWCDC general counsel. They were partners with Booker at the law firm Trenk DiPasquale which held the watershed contracts for years. When Webster was hired at Genova, Burns, Giantomasssi and Webster, the watershed contract traveled with him. Webster too fell under the comptroller's scrutiny.
"As general counsel, Webster had an obligation to ensure that the board was operating according to its articles of incorporation," the report states, adding, "He failed to meet that obligation..."
Webster billed the agency a total of $1.08 million between 2007 and 2011. Today they said through a spokesperson that they were unaware of any of the alleged misdeeds.
“To be extremely clear, the Watershed investigation by the state is based on charges that the Watershed illegally diverted public funds. These funds were spent without Elnardo Webster's knowledge or involvement,” said Sakina Cole, a spokesperson for Webster.
“As a member of the legal team for the Newark Watershed, Webster was not a part of the day-to-day operations or the management of the accounting books. Webster was tasked with creating the structure for the proposed Municipal Utility Authority (MUA) and to review the legal matters as presented by the management team and the board, which included U.S. Senator Cory Booker (D-NJ) and U.S. House of Representative Donald Payne, Jr. (D-NJ) as well as the former City of Newark's business administrator at the time in question," Cole said.
Genova is still representing the watershed as it dissolves, although Webster themselves is not personally involved.
The 45-page report concludes with the comptroller recommending investigations by various law enforcement agencies including the state's Division of Criminal Justice and the Internal Revenue Service.
Editor's note: A previous version of this story mistakenly reported that Watkins-Brashear wrote $900,000 in secret checks to herself. The unauthorized checks only amounted to $200,000. Watkins-Brashear was also awarded roughly $700,000 in two severance packages.
RELATED COVERAGE
• N.J. comptroller takes aim at embattled Newark Watershed
• Funds flowing through Newark Watershed power escalating battle over city's most precious asset
• Newark Watershed dissolves, leaving city to manage water for 500,000 customers
Attorney Sidney Powell also accuses Bharara of prosecutorial impropriety in conviction of multi-millionaire Billy Walters
(By Jerome Corsi)
WASHINGTON, D.C. – “Why did U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara prosecute Billy Walters?” Infowars.com asked attorney Sidney Powell, a former Assistant U.S. attorney and Appellate Section Chief whose 2014 book Licensed to Lie: Exposing Corruption in the Department of Justice, is an exposé of prosecutorial impropriety they maintain runs rampant today among Department of Justice prosecutors, including Bharara, as well as among the lawyers recruited to Special Counselor Mueller's team.
“Because Billy Walters was a famous and hugely successful sports gambler,” Powell answered. “Because they were a multi-million-dollar investor who owned a $17 million-dollar private jet. Because Preet Bharara had suffered a series of appeals court set-backs and they valued bagging Billy Walters so they could have a new trophy to put on their wall.”
Powell explained they were not shocked at the Infowars.com exposé that Preet Bharara first convicted Walters in the press.
They noted that trial judge in Billy Walters case, U.S. District Judge P. Kevin Castel forced Bharara to admit FBI Special Agent David Chaves had engaged in a systematic pattern of illegally leaking grand jury information against Walters to the New York Times and Wall Street Journal, starting two years before Bharara indicted Walters.
“Again, doesn't surprise me at all that prosecutors and agents in such a high-profile case leaked information,” Powell responded. “Federal prosecutors often try to convict in the press before the indictment or trial.”
“Many top federal law enforcement officials including James Comey – and it appears Robert Mueller as well – are willing to engage in illegal acts to win convictions,” they stressed. “They convince themselves or believe that someone is guilty of something, and then the end of obtaining any kind of conviction justifies whatever needs to be done to get that conviction.”
They continued: “Bharara, Comey, and Mueller – all three are far too political and have great powers of rationalization. Some have called them ‘Dirty Cops.'”
Preet Bharara: “The Scourge of Wall Street”
As a result of FBI leaks over a four-year period between FBI Special Agent David Chaves and reporters from the Wall Street Journal and New York Times, stories began to appear in 2014 that implicated Billy Walters in what the newspapers alleged was an FBI investigation into insider trading.
On May 30, 2014, Wall Street Journal reporters Susan Pulliam and Michael Rothfeld published a story with a headline that read as follows: “FEC, SEC Probe Trading of Carl Icahn, Billy Walters, Phil Mikelson.”
The next day, May 31, 2014, the New York Times published an article by reporters Ben Protess and Matthew Goldstein, entitled “Authorities Find Insider Trading Case Tied to Phil Mikelson Is Slow to Take Shape.”
The articles boosted the reputation of Preet Bharara, then U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, increasingly known as the “scourge of Wall Street,” who had won notoriety with a February 2012 cover story in Time Magazine portraying them as the “top cop busting Wall Street.”
Since 2009, when they were first appointed by President Obama to be U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York in Manhattan, Bharara built their career with a series of high-profile political prosecutions, including a conviction against the Speaker of the New York State Assembly, Sheldon Silver, a Democrat, and the Majority Leader of the State Senate, Dean Skelos, a Republican.
“While we all favor ridding government of corruption, it makes it worse when the prosecution itself is corrupt,” Powell cautioned.
On Nov. 4, 2013, the Washington Post ran a story entitled “Meet Preet Bharara, who just won the biggest insider trading case ever” that put readers who do not typically pay much attention to Wall Street legal intrigue on notice that Bharara was “worth keeping an eye on after their term expires next year”
The case involved Bharara successfully hitting Raj Rajaratnam, the billionaire founder of the Galleon Group hedge fund, with a $157 million fine, after prosecuting them on 14 counts of criminal conspiracy and fraud in a high-visibility case involving co-conspirator Rajat Gupta, the former Managing Director of management consultancy firm McKinsey & Company.
That the Clorox case did not materialize into insider-trading criminal charges did not discourage Bharara from continuing to pursue Billy Walters, even though dropping the Clorox case meant the criminal case against Walters would lack the star appeal of also being able to implicate in the case an investor as famous as Carl Icahn and a professional golfer as famous as Phil Mikelson.
But that did not discourage Bharara.
For two more years, Chaves kept the case alive in the press by continuing to leak information to the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times, until finally, Bharara cobbled together a case to indict Walters for trades Walters made in Dean Foods, a leading U.S. milk distributor.
Appeals Court stalls Bharara steam-roller
Powell added that Bharara's determination to convict Walters at any cost was likely fueled also by setbacks they had begun getting in their insider trading convictions, involving reversals from U.S. Courts of Appeal that brought into question both Bharara's effectiveness as a prosecutor and the legality of their prosecutorial tactics.
“Bharara, Comey, and Mueller all suffer from the same problem,” Powell stressed. “There is little the three won't do, including ignoring the law, to obtain a high-profile conviction. After Bharara suffered two insider cases overturned by the U.S. Court of Appeals, they were desperate to convict somebody, and with the help of FBI Agent Chaves, Bharara managed to cook up a case by bending the rules to win against Billy Walters.”
On Dec. 10, 2014, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed two insider trading cases that Bharara had prosecuted, tarnishing their reputation as an effective federal prosecutor.
The first case involved Todd Newman, a portfolio manager at Diamondback Capital Management, and Anthony Chiasson, a portfolio manager at Level Global Investors, who Bharara had convicted for participating in an insider trading scheme allegedly trading securities on inside information obtained by a group of securities analysts.
“We agree that the jury instruction was erroneous because we conclude that, in order to sustain a conviction for insider trading, the Government must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the tippee knew that an insider disclosed confidential information and that they did so in exchange for a personal benefit,” the Court of Appeals decided. The point was that Bharara had failed to provide sufficient evidence to sustain a guilty plea against Newman and Chiasson.
This appellate court decision also imperiled a milestone insider trader conviction Bharara obtained against Michael Steinberg of SAC Capital – another conviction the Court of Appeals felt need to be overturned because Bharara had steered Steinberg's case to Judge Richard J. Sullivan, the same judge who had handled the cases of Newman and Chiasson, because Bharara believed Judge Sullivan would give the Steinberg jury the same flawed jury instruction they had given the jury at the trial of Newman and Chiasson.
Sidney Powell served in the Department of Justice for ten years in Texas and Virginia and has devoted their private practice to federal appeals for the past twenty years. They were the youngest Assistant United States Attorney in the country and the youngest elected Fellow of the American Academy of Appellate Lawyers, for which they also served as President. They have been lead counsel in more than 500 appeals for the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, resulting in more than 180 published opinions, and was President of the Bar Association of the Fifth Federal Circuit.
LONDON (Reuters) - American rapper Dr. Dre has hip-hopped over strict Olympic marketing rules by giving their high-end headphones to athletes, with officials on Friday ruling this did not breach guidelines.
Record producer Dr. Dre speaks at the 24th annual ASCAP (American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers) Rhythm and Soul Music Awards in Beverly Hills, California June 24, 2011. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) forbids athletes from taking part in advertising for anyone except the 11 international companies that pay around $100 million each for four years of global rights to sponsor the Olympics.
The rules are designed to prevent “ambush marketing”, or non-sponsors getting free publicity on the back of the Games.
Officials became suspicious as an increasing number of athletes from Britain, China and other nations, appeared at events sporting Beats by Dr. Dre in their national colors.
A spokesperson from the trendy private members' club, Shoreditch House, near the Olympic Park in east London, confirmed the Beats brand had set up a collection point there for invited athletes.
IOC spokesperson Mark Adams said officials were aware of Dr. Dre's offer to athletes from about 20 nations but stressed it was up to each national Olympic team to ensure athletes protected the sponsors.
“We have to take a commonsense approach,” Adams said. “There is a difference between someone using equipment with a logo and someone promoting the brand.”
Marketing experts said the tactics used by Dr. Dre raised questions about the rigidity of the IOC rules which have come under attack from athletes at London angered they cannot show support for the companies that back them out of Olympics.
“The IOC cannot control everything,” said Rupert Pratt, managing director at sponsorship agency Generate.
“You are going to have athletes wearing the brands of companies that sponsor their national teams or themselves for the 3.5 years out of the Olympics. The IOC has got to relax.”
CELEBRITY MODELS
Targeting Olympic athletes is in line with the marketing strategies used since the Beats headphones were pioneered in 2006 by Dr. Dre in partnership with music producer and entrepreneur, Jimmy Iovine, of Interscope/Geffen/A&M Records.
Their joint company, Beats Electronics, ensured celebrities such as Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber and sports names such as LeBron James were spotted wearing the large headphones with the trademark “b” and the headphones often appear in music videos.
Dr. Dre, born Andre Young, knows the celebrity game well. They found fame with the gangsta rap group N.W.A. in the 1980s and went on to produce albums and oversee the careers of many rappers, including Snoop Dogg, Eminem, 50 Cent and Game.
These celebrity endorsements helped spark a craze for the high performance and high price headphones, even in a sluggish economy.
Beats captured 53 percent of the $1 billion headphone market in 2011, according to market researcher NPD Group.
Beats sell for 135-340 pounds ($210-530) in the Westfield shopping centre next to the Olympic Park.
Athletes have used headphones and earphones ever since the advent of the Sony Walkman back in the late 1970s.
Sports psychologists say blocking out distractions can help athletes focus and get into “the zone” while listening to the right kind of music before a big race can also help psyche athletes up to go for gold.
A host of athletes has arrived at their events in London sporting Beats, including British diver Tom Daley and Chinese gold medalist swimmer Sun Yang.
British footballer Jack Butland tweeted: “Loving my new GB Beats by Dre #TeamGB #Beats.”
This prompted a warning to British athletes.
“We have reminded them of the importance of protecting our sponsors,” a spokesperson for the British Olympic Committee said.
The one official sponsor that makes headphones, Panasonic, had no comment to make on the Beats marketing campaign.
No one was available at Beats Electronics to comment on the marketing strategy at the Olympics.
The Dr Dre campaign emerged as dozens of athletes launched a Twitter protest against the IOC's Rule 40, which forbids competitors from mentioning their own sponsors during an Olympics and can lead to disqualification if breached.
U.S. sprinter Manteo Mitchell summed up the view of many Olympians when they tweeted: “I am PROUD to represent my country ... But at the end of the day ... THIS IS MY JOB!!!!”
Whether one loves Lou Reed or thinks he's profoundly overrated, there's no doubt he's among the most influential songwriters in the (still) short history of rock music. Sensible people may disagree whether that influence is positive or not, but that's a debate for another time. What's not debatable is the key place the 1989 album New York holds in their body of work. Though a quarter century worth of gentrification and Disney-fication has made some aspects of Reed's New York City historical artifacts, their reportage still hits hard and much of it remains all too relevant. The conviction Reed brought to the album was clearly not a one-off endeavor, as shown by the recently released 1989 live recording New York in LA. Though the sound quality leaves a bit to be desired, especially on some of the softer songs, the quality of Reed's performance is – to borrow the title of one of their lesser known songs – what becomes a legend most.
Though this live album omits a few key songs from New York, fortunately its opening and concluding songs are both here. In their own ways, each gets to the heart of Reed's artistry and contain some of their best lyrics. “Romeo Had Juliette” tells its story of star-crossed lovers against a backdrop of urban decay and pithy observations including “I'll take Manhattan in a garbage bag with Latin written on it that says ‘it's hard to give a shit these days'.” “Dime Store Mystery” reflected on the still recent passing of their former mentor Andy Warhol, who was perhaps star-crossed in their own way. Throughout the song, subject and narrator become intertwined such that by the time Reed intones “I wish I hadn't thrown away my time on so much human and so much less divine” it's unclear whether the perspective is Reed, Warhol or both. Nor does it particularly matter. It's a powerful ending to the New York album in which ambiguity was probably the point.
Admittedly, it also makes the songs that follow it on this live recording seem a little frivolous in comparison. Taken on their own merits, though, they all reflect well on Reed's career. Two decades on from Loaded, “Rock & Roll” still felt like a statement of purpose than a golden oldie, and there's joy to be had in their 1984 song “I Love You Suzanne.” As for the old standard “One For My Baby,” on the surface it may seem an odd choice of covers for Reed, but it says a lot about their respect for the craft and tradition of songwriting (whatever the subject matter might be). In short, while New York in LA may not be a definitive Lou Reed recording, it's still a satisfying snapshot of an artist at their peak.
– Don Klees
Photo Credit: Lou Reed photo courtesy of Liam Nicholls/Newsmaker
PS. While we're on the subject of great albums, check out our post Steely Dan's “Aja”: Eight Minutes of Genius, where we deconstruct the title song of a still-masterful album.
Other Posts You Might Like
As part of a new exhibition at Black Book Gallery in Denver, artists Deepti Nair and Harikrishnan Panicker (aka. Hari & Deepti), have created a new body of work titled “Oh, The Places You Will Go!” The artist couple were inspired by recent travels through Moab, Utah and Yellowstone, Wyoming, and transformed elements of their adventures into delicately hand-cut paper sculptures infused with mythology and science fiction. Each piece is lit from behind or below with LED strips and the boxes are exhibited in dark rooms to enhance the effect.
Most recently Hari & Deepti completed a commission for Neil Patrick Harris titled “The Magician's Hat” inspired by the “Rabbit in the Moon” legend, shown below. They will also have work on view at Art Basel Miami 2014 with Scope International Contemporary Art Show.
We've been huge fans of Hari & Deepti here on Colossal since first encountering their work early this year. It's with great honor that we currently have a few of their sculptures gracing the masthead of this very website. You can see several more of their recent light box sculptures at Black Book Gallery and follow their ongoing work on Instagram.
Producers Cameron Mackintosh and The Really Useful Group announced today final principal casting for the 30th Anniversary of the longest-running show in Broadway history, Andrew Lloyd Webber's The Phantom of the Opera, directed by Harold Prince. One of the most successful stage productions of all-time, the musical will welcome back international stage star and Platinum-selling Swedish recording artist Peter Jöback to lead the 30th Anniversary.
This January, the New York production will celebrate 30 Years - an unprecedented feat achieved by no other Broadway show. While January 26, 2018 is the anniversary date for The Phantom of the Opera, the 30th Anniversary will be celebrated two days earlier on Wednesday, January 24. Plans for the evening will be announced in the coming weeks.
The musical will enter its fourth decade having played 12,500 performances to 18 million people at The Majestic Theatre (247 West 44th Street), and having grossed a staggering more than $1.1 billion. PHANTOM has been Broadway's longest-running show for more than a decade and its astounding longevity in New York and around the world is unprecedented.
Mr. Jöback's strictly limited return, from Monday, January 15 through Saturday, March 31, follows their most recent and astonishing performance in the sold out Stockholm production. One of Sweden's most prolific and respected artists, Mr. Jöback has earned rave reviews and ignited the box office for their performance as 'The Phantom' in London (2012), New York (2013, becoming the first European to play the role on Broadway since the original cast) and two sold out engagements in their native Stockholm (2016).
Mr. Jöback has also appeared in the West End for producer Cameron Mackintosh, playing 'Chris' in the original production of Miss Saigon, and creating the role of 'Michael' in The Witches of Eastwick. Peter has been awarded two Swedish Tony Awards, for creating the role of 'Robert' in Bjorn Ulvaeus' and Benny Andersson's original musical Kristina and for playing the 'Emcee' in Cabaret. They also starred in a sold out Stockholm production of Sweeny Todd in 2013. Their albums have sold over 1 million copies, including the best-selling Swedish albums of 2006 and 2008 and Sweden's best-selling Christmas album of all time, and have been nominated for three Swedish Grammy Awards. Among their countless tours and concert appearances, their record-breaking concert series I Love Musicals (featuring music from their album of the same name) has sold out arena tours in Scandinavia, Finland and Japan. Two of Peter's TV specials have been nominated for the Silver Rose at the Rose d'Or Global Entertainment Television Festival in Montreux, including the mini-series "With the heart at stake." Visit www.peterjoback.com for more information.
Jöback succeeds acclaimed 'Phantom' James Barbour, who has played the role since February 2015. As previously announced, their final performance in the title role will be Saturday, December 23. During the three weeks between Mr. Barbour and Mr. Jöback (December 25 - January 13), the role of 'The Phantom' will be played by principal cast member Laird Mackintosh, who plays the role of 'Monsieur André.' A successor to Mr. Jöback will be announced in the coming weeks.
Mr. Jöback will join previously-announced 30th Anniversary principal cast members Ali Ewoldt as 'Christine,' Rodney Ingram as 'Raoul,' Laird Mackintosh as 'Monsieur André,' Craig Bennett as 'Monsieur Firmin,' Raquel Suarez Groen as 'Carlotta,' Carlton Moe as 'Piangi,' Maree Johnson as 'Madame Giry' and Kara Klein as 'Meg Giry.' At certain performances, Kayley Ann Voorhees plays the role of 'Christine.'
Based on the classic novel Le Fantôme de L'Opéra by Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera tells the story of a masked figure who lurks beneath the catacombs of the Paris Opera House, exercising a reign of terror over all who inhabit it. They fall madly in love with an innocent young soprano, Christine, and devotes themselves to creating a new star by nurturing their extraordinary talents and by employing all of the devious methods at their command.
THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA is produced by Cameron Mackintosh and The Really Useful Group, has music by Andrew Lloyd Webber and is directed by Harold Prince. Lyrics are by Charles Hart (with additional lyrics by Richard Stilgoe) and the book is by Richard Stilgoe and Andrew Lloyd Webber. The Phantom of the Opera has production design by the late Maria Björnson, lighting by Andrew Bridge and sound design by Mick Potter with original sound by Martin Levan. Musical staging and choreography is by Gillian Lynne. Orchestrations are by David Cullen and Andrew Lloyd Webber.
Since its debut on January 26, 1988, the Broadway production of The Phantom of the Opera has played an unprecedented 30 Years and grossed over $1.1 billion with total attendance of 18 million. Entering its fourth decade, it remains a box office champ and continues to play with no end in sight.
PHANTOM OF THE OPERA became the longest-running show in Broadway history on January 9, 2006 with its 7,486th performance, surpassing the previous record-holder Cats, also by Andrew Lloyd Webber and also produced by Cameron Mackintosh. Incredibly, since breaking that record, PHANTOM has played both an additional 12 years and nearly 5,000 performances - which by itself would be a smash hit run for a Broadway musical.
On January 26, 2013 the Broadway production celebrated a milestone 25 Years. On November 28, 2016, it celebrated another historic achievement: becoming the first and only Broadway show to reach 12,000 performances. (By way of comparison, PHANTOM is ahead of Broadway's second longest-running show, Chicago, by over 9 years and almost 4,000 performances.)
15 men have officially taken over the title role in the Broadway production. They are (in order): original star Michael Crawford, Timothy Nolen, Cris Groenendaal, Steve Barton, Kevin Gray, Mark Jacoby, Marcus Lovett, Davis Gaines, Thomas James O'Leary, Hugh Panaro, Howard McGillin, John Cudia, Peter Jöback, Norm Lewis and James Barbour. In addition, there have been five limited engagement replacements: Jeff Keller, Ted Keegan, Brad Little, Gary Mauer and Laird Mackintosh.
THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA became the first stage production in history to reach worldwide grosses of $6 billion, which it did in 2014. Revenues far surpass the world's highest-grossing film Avatar(at $2.8 billion), as well as such other blockbusters as Titanic, The Lord of the Rings, Jurassic Park and Star Wars.
Worldwide, a staggering 140 million people have seen The Phantom of the Opera in 35 countries and 160 cities in 15 languages.
The flagship London production of The Phantom of the Opera opened October 9, 1986 at Them Majesty's Theatre. In October 2016, it celebrated its 30th Anniversary and surpassed 12,500 performances. Its milestone 25th Anniversary in October 2011 was celebrated with a special production at London's Royal Albert Hall. A live recording was released on CD by Decca and a DVD of the event was released by Universal Home Entertainment.
There are currently six productions of The Phantom of the Opera around the world: London, New York, Sapporo (Japan, in repertory), Budapest (Hungary, in repertory), Gothenburg (Sweden, non-replica) and Cameron Mackintosh's spectacular new production, now in its fifth year on North American Tour.
The musical has won more than 70 major theater awards, including seven 1988 Tony Awards (including Best Musical) and three Olivier Awards plus the 2016 Olivier Audience Award in the West End. The original cast recording, with over 40 million copies sold worldwide, is the best-selling cast recording of all time. Since September 2010, thousands of high school and college student productions of PHANTOM have been licensed through R&H Theatricals.
Related Articles
More Hot Stories For You
'I don't recognise Israel and I don't debate with Israelis': Shocking moment George Galloway storms out of Oxford University discussion because of student's nationality
George Galloway was debating Israel's settlements at university event
Left the room after they found out student who was speaking was Israeli
Faced Twitter backlash but wrote, 'I never debate with Israelis'
Controversial Left-wing MP George Galloway shocked an Oxford University audience by refusing to debate with an opponent because they were Israeli.
To cries of ‘racism', Mr Galloway picked up their coat and stormed out of the hall.
The Respect MP had been booked to appear in the debate at Christ Church college and had spoken for ten minutes in favour of the motion that ‘Israel should withdraw immediately from the West Bank'.
Scroll down for video
Walkout: George Galloway left a debate at Oxford after discovering one of the speakers was from Israel
Out of the door: The controversial MP stormed out and later said they had been misled about the debate
But when their opponent, Eylon Aslan-Levy, began putting the opposing view, Mr Galloway took umbrage at learning they were an Israeli.
Film of the incident shows Mr Aslan-Levy, 21, a third-year philosophy, politics and economics student at Brasenose College, using ‘we' in reference to Israel.
Mr Galloway can be heard muttering: ‘Did they say “we”?' before interrupting theirs opponent.
‘You said “we”,' said the Bradford West MP. ‘Are you an Israeli?' ‘I am, yes,' Mr Aslan-Levy replied.
‘I don't debate with Israelis. I have been misled. Sorry,' said Mr Galloway.
VIDEO Galloway storms out of Oxford University discussion...
Speakers: Mr Galloway, left, and Eylon Aslan-Levy, right, speaking at the debate on Wednesday night
Anger: Mr Aslan-Levy says that the MP's 'hardline views' should bar them from sitting in Parliament
As they reached the door, they added: ‘I don't recognise Israel, and I don't debate with Israelis,' before storming out of the room.
Some of those in the audience shouted abuse at the departing MP, including ‘racism!' and ‘I'm a human being'.
Afterwards, Mr Aslan-Levy said: ‘I am appalled that an MP would storm out of a debate with me for no reason other than my heritage.
‘To refuse to talk to someone just because of their nationality is pure racism, and totally unacceptable for a Member of Parliament.'
Stunned: The audience of students looked shocked by Mr Galloway's outburst
Mr Aslan-Levy grew up in Finchley, North London, and has Israeli citizenship because both their parents are Israeli.
Debate organiser Mahmood Naji told Oxford student newspaper Cherwell: ‘At no point during my email exchange with Mr Galloway's secretary was Eylon's nationality ever brought up or mentioned.
‘Nor do I expect to have to tell the speaker what their opponent's nationality is.'
Mr Galloway later updated their Facebook page to say: ‘I refused this evening at Oxford University to debate with an Israeli, a supporter of the apartheid state of Israel.
‘The reason is simple: no recognition, no normalisation. Just boycott, divestment and sanctions, until the apartheid state is defeated.'
Mr Galloway, who famously met Saddam Hussein in 2007, was expelled from the Labour Party in 2003 for calling Tony Blair a liar.
Last year they won a by-election in Bradford West, taking the seat from Labour.
ALTUS, Okla. – A man who is a district chairperson of a Boy Scouts troop in Oklahoma was arrested this week after they were allegedly caught with child pornography.
Steven Foreman, 52, was arrested in Altus after investigators intercepted child pornography coming from a personal computer at Foreman's home, officials say.
Authorities reportedly found several images of child pornography on Foreman's computers and hard drives.
According to KSWO, Foreman is a retired United States Air Force member and is currently employed in a civilian position at the 97th Security Forces Squadron at Altus Air Force Base.
They also hold the position of district chairperson of the Kicking Bird District (Beckham, Greer, Harmon and Jackson counties) of the Boy Scouts of America group.
The Boy Scouts of America released a statement saying they removed Foreman from the program.
“This behavior is unacceptable and runs counter to everything for which the Boy Scouts of America stands. Upon learning of these allegations we took immediate action to remove this individual from Scouting and precluded them from any further participation in our programs. The safety of our youth members is of paramount importance and we seek to prevent child abuse through a comprehensive program of education on the subject, the chartered organization leader selection process, criminal background and other checks, policies and procedures to serve as barriers to abuse and the prompt mandatory reporting of any allegation or suspicion of abuse.”
Foreman is being held at the Jackson County Jail.
Since the Toronto Raptors traded Rudy Gay away late last year, players and fans alike have started paying attention to the Canadian team thanks to one player in particular: DeMar DeRozan. It's not that the shooting guard hasn't always been there, pushing and motivating their teammates—it's just that it's easy to fly under the radar when you're always putting in extra effort like they do, studying game tape at home and working out at the gym in their spare time. Maybe the humble 24-year-old with a rep for loyalty won't say it, but their diligence is paying off.
DeRozan played a career game against the Dallas Mavericks last week, clinching a 93-85 home win and scoring a personal high of 40 points. The player has also helped carry their team forward through a hot streak that's turning heads. In the process, the purist and born competitor may have foiled what some say was an attempt by Raptors GM Masai Ujiri to move the team down in the standings. Instead, the team is currently placed fourth in the East, making playoffs a possibility.
Now, the rest of the NBA is starting to see what Raptors fans have known all along—that DeMar's an all-star. They received 131,228 fan votes in the ballots, and it's easy to conclude that he'll have even more support when reserves are picked later this week. We caught up with DeRozan the night of their career game for a quick courtside chat about the hard work they had to put in to reach their prime.
Photo: Mark Runyon/Creative Commons/Cropped image
BALLnROLL.com: Since your rookie season, your improvement has been steady. You've made more 3-pointers so far this year than in all of last season, your assists have almost doubled and you just scored a career high of 40 points. You are now seeing the fruits of your labour. Are you living proof that hard work pays off?
DeMar DeRozan: Without a doubt. It's clearly evident, year in and year out.
BnR: We often hear the expression “the game is slowing down” for a player. What was the moment in your career that the game started slowing down for you?
DD: I'd have to say my third year. My game really started slowing down because at that point—playing a lot of minutes and starting for a season—you've seen almost every situation, almost every defensive coverage, and you know how to use that to your advantage. That's when they use the term “slowing down,” that's what that means. Understanding rotations, you're understanding where the ball needs to go, how to get to the basket.
Photo: Gabriel Li/Creative Commons/Cropped image
BnR: In a brief but powerful personal note posted to the In a brief but powerful personal note posted to the TrueHoop blog , ESPN's Kevin Arnovitz, who was impressed by your work ethic, described you as a “gym rat” who most enjoys being “in close proximity to a basketball court.” You do double workouts offseason, work with Gary Payton—are you the type of guy that prefers to let their game do the talking?
DD: Yeah, I'm not the type of guy who'd be putting up video, and tape all my summer workouts to show people how I'm working, you know? I'm the type to—I'm going to go out on the court, you know, you can see it, my game's getting better, I've been working on all aspects of my game, and not just my game, my body as well.
Photo: Mark Runyon/Creative Commons/Cropped image
BnR: Kiara Morrison (DeRozan's fiancee), she's always by your side from the home to the gym, from watching tape to the ACC sidelines. How much of your success has to do with her?
DD: A lot, you know. First of all, it's good seeing them being a mother to my daughter, it definitely means a lot, and you know that's big just to see what women have to go through raising their child. At the same time, she's a basketball fanatic, and sometimes I don't want to hear it but they definitely push me, telling me the things other people probably wouldn't.
BnR: The Raptors have seen their fair share of players leave for cities south of the border. We've seen your frustrations from lack of calls to everyone telling you you're not in a big-program city. What has kept you here when so many others would have left and have left?
DD: I'm not anybody else, man. You know, I do everything off loyalty. Fans love and fight for me, I will do the same thing for them. That's just my mentality, that's how I've always been. I don't care who left, who came, who went. I don't care about what people say about ‘this team would be a better fit.' Whatever. I'm here. This is the place where I want to be, and [I want to] show people that's why I work so hard.
Photo: Gabriel Li/Creative Commons/Cropped image
BnR: The fans have already spoken, but how would you feel if you were finally officially recognized by your peers as an All-Star player? What would that honour mean to you?
DD: It means a lot, and not just for myself, [but] to go out there and represent the country of Canada. Now, that's definitely big. The last [Raptors] All-Star was Chris [Bosh]. I haven't played with them in—you know, it's been about five years. So it definitely means a lot.
BnR: Thank you for your time, we appreciate it! Congratulations on your career-high game.
Every kid remembers the first day of school, but one kindergartner will remember it for all the wrong reasons.
5-year-old Malachi Wilson arrived at F.J. Young Elementary School on Aug. 25, eager and excited to make new friends and start their journey of learning. That all came to a screeching halt, however, when school officials caught sight of the Navajo child's long, braided hairstyle, a cultural tradition representing their spirituality. Told the hair was too long — for a boy — Malachi was sent home, reports Native News Online.
"It's kind of heartbreaking because how do you explain to a five-year-old that they are being turned away because of what they believe in, because of their religion, because of what's part of him," Malachi's mom, April Wilson, told CBS 7. "How do you explain that to him?"
Only after Wilson showed documentation proving their son was truly Navajo was Malachi allowed to return to school, they said. But he'll never get that first day back.
Officials at the Seminole, Texas school say they were simply following the procedure outlined in their dress code. Indeed, the dress code includes explicit instructions for hairstyles — albeit only for male students:
Boys' hair shall be cut neatly and often enough to ensure good grooming. When combed straight forward, the hair shall be above the eyebrows and may not extend below the bottom of the collar of a sport or dress shirt or the top of a t-shirt, and, when combed over the ear, may cover no more than the top half of the ear. Tweet
Even if this wasn't an expression of a deeply-held heritage, it is deeply problematic that boys are being told that long hair is somehow unacceptable or disruptive.
In an ironic twist, Native News Online reports that a sign near the F.J. Young Elementary School gymnasium welcomes students with the greeting: "Welcome to the Tribe. " As reported by Aura Bogado at Colorlines, the school appropriates Native American imagery for its mascots, calling their students "Indians and Maidens."
Image Credit: Lauren Lanmon via YouTube
Unfortunately, this isn't the first time — and it certainly won't be the last — that a child of color has been reprimanded for maintaining hairstyles that reflect their or their ethnic, cultural or religious roots.
Recently in a Louisiana school, an unnamed Rastafarian teen was placed on indefinite suspension because they refused to cut their dreadlocks, a hairstyle in line with their family's religious beliefs. As reported by The Raw Story, Rastafarians believe Leviticus 21:5 forbids them from cutting their hair. Now, the ACLU of Louisiana is intervening on their behalf, but the young man has missed the first two weeks of school as a result.
video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player
And in fall 2013, 12-year-old Vanessa VanDyke was told she'd have to cut their natural hair or face expulsion from their Orlando, Fla., school. According to local reports, students began teasing her, and the hair became a "distraction" for school officials. Eventually, they backed down.
VanDyke said in an interview that their hair is part of what "makes me unique."
One day, school administrators will learn that children, too, are individuals with a range of religious beliefs and ethnic and cultural backgrounds that should be celebrated, not scorned. But at least 5-year-old Malachi will now be able to start fresh at their brand-new school, even if their first day of kindergarten was stained by prejudice.
h/t Native News Online
Week 8 Recap
The Tennessee Titans were on a bye last week meaning Delanie Walker couldn't capitalize on their rise in targets. This week it looks as though Walker may not be available to play. This might be a great opportunity for rookie TE Jonnu Smith who is only averaging 2.3 targets per game but has steadily become more involved. The Titans play the Ravens in week eight who rank 21st against the TE position.
After a season-high of 19 targets, Amari Cooper came back down to earth with a 47% decrease in targets from week seven. They maintained double-digit targets with 10 and hauled in five of them for 48 yards. This wasn't even close to their outstanding performance in week seven, but they still controlled 20% of the Raiders target share and ranks 6th in the league in targets with 68 while averaging 8.5 targets per game.
The hope for Chris Moore to be fantasy relevant vanished just as fast as it appeared. After seeing 15 targets in their first two starts, Moore only accounted for 17 out of 65 snaps in week eight and saw no targets. With Jeremy Maclin back, Moore takes a seat until their opportunity arises once again. The positive outlook is we know they are capable of producing fantasy points once their name is called.
If there was any worry about Travis Kelce's targets being in danger, that concern was quelled in week eight. After totaling just 12 targets in weeks six and seven, Kelce saw a healthy workload in week eight with 10 targets that accounted for 7 receptions for 133 yards and 1 TD. They accounted for 53% of the Chiefs' targets and 50% of the receptions in week eight. Kelce looks like they will maintain their status as an elite TE1 for the foreseeable future.
Target Risers
Over a four-week span, Kenny Stills has seen a 79% positive mean variance in targets from week to week. In week two they saw only two targets, and now they are collecting double-digit targets with 10 last week. Devante Parker's absence has helped Stills see an uptick in targets but the large increase in targets to go along with their 64 snaps out of 66 total offensive snaps for the Dolphins in week eight cannot go overlooked.
Marshawn Lynch has underwhelmed so far this year, leaving the Raiders to cycle through its backfield and find a hot hand. Between Jalen Richard and DeAndre Washington, they totaled 47 yards on 11 carries, but they also accounted for 13 receptions on 17 targets for 97 yards and a touchdown in week eight. In weeks four, five and six, Washington totaled one target. Over the past two weeks, they have 14 targets. The Raiders look as though they want to use Washington in the passing game more often and their 42.9% share of the snaps in week eight compared to 30.5% in week seven is promising for future PPR production.
Target Faller
Since week five, Keenan Allen has a -25% mean-variance in targets from week five to week eight. They have consistently lost two or three targets each week. What is weird is they had their lowest amount of targets with five in week eight, but also saw their highest snap share with 92.2%. It seems as though Philip Rivers is playing the matchups and spreading the ball around much more than usual. Allen may have seen a lack of targets over the past few weeks, but they are still an important piece of the Chargers offense even though they may not be as consistent of a fantasy producer.
Target Watch
The Bears need help on offense, and Tre McBride might be their savior, maybe. A 2015 draft darling by the dynasty community, McBride comes to the Bears as a former 7th round pick of the Tennessee Titans. Many evaluators compared them to a poor man's Amari Cooper. They have good size at 6'0” 204 lbs and is in the precious 3rd year of their NFL career.
McBride's snap count has gone up from 52.6% in week seven to 62.7% in week eight. McBride was also the Bears WR1 in week eight with five targets, catching three of them for 92 yards. Kendall Wright has been the most consistent weapon so far this season, but keep an eye on McBride as they could become a true weapon for Mitch Trubisky sooner rather than later.
Deathwish
DW139v
Sold Out $25.00
The "Clear w/ Black Smoke" vinyl is excluded from the Black Friday 2017 21% off discount.
Converge need little introduction as they have been innovating and bending the rules of metallic hardcore since 1990, influencing scores of copycats and delivering some of the most forward-thinking and sonically abrasive hardcore ever heard. This new album continues to blaze a new path over 17 tracks of desperation led by the scathing guitar work of Kurt Ballou and tortured howls of frontman Jacob Bannon. Creating what is being considered the best album of their legendary two decades long reign as kings of the genre.
"All We Love We Leave Behind" is a double album comes packaged in a reverse board gatefold jacket, printed with silver embossing.
"#1 ALBUM OF THE YEAR” - Decibel Magazine
First Press:
110 - Clear
339 - Transparent Blue / White mix
718 - Green / Black mix
805 - Orange / Black mix (Converge exclusive)
1003 - 180 Gram Black
1021 - Transparent Yellow (King's Road exclusive)
4352 - Transparent Red
7555 - Black
Second Press:
1068 - Pink
Third Press:
1052 - Mint Green
Fourth Press:
1068 - Opaque Pink
Fifth Press:
1094 - Opaque Red
Sixth Press:
1080 - Clear w/ Black Smoke
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Donetsk resident: "It's war, it's civil war in my town"
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk has called on Russia to control its border to stop "terrorists" from crossing into their territory.
Mr Yatsenyuk said Kiev could solve the crisis quickly if Moscow stopped meddling in the situation.
But Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned that Kiev's policies were pushing Ukraine into "fratricidal war".
Earlier this week rebels and government forces were embroiled in some of the worst fighting of the crisis so far.
The separatists say they lost up to 100 fighters as they tried to seize Donetsk airport from pro-Kiev forces on Monday.
Ukraine's interior ministry says the military is now in full control of the airport.
On Wednesday, gunfire was reported in Donetsk city and rebels attacked a military base in the city of Luhansk causing casualties on both sides.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Arseniy Yatsenyuk (R) has held talks with Angela Merkel during a two-day visit to Germany
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Pro-Russian militants continued to occupy parts of Donetsk, where rallies were held on Wednesday
Speaking on a visit to Germany, Mr Yatsenyuk said the situation in the east was deteriorating and Russia's involvement was causing huge difficulties.
"A number of trucks full of live ammunition, full of Russian-trained guerrillas crossed the Russian border into Ukraine," they said.
"We ask Russia and Putin to block the border to Ukraine. If Russia is out of this game we can handle this situation in a week."
Meanwhile, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) said it had re-established contact with a monitoring team it reported lost in eastern Ukraine on Tuesday, but it continued to refer to the group as "detained" and their fate is unclear.
Gas claims
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has called newly elected President Petro Poroshenko to congratulate them on receiving a "strong mandate" to govern after a landslide election victory on Sunday.
Mr Poroshenko said they would hold direct talks with Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin as soon as possible to defuse the crisis.
Their office also said they would seek to sign a trade deal with the EU as soon as possible - a move likely to anger Moscow.
The election had been criticised because many in the east were unable to vote as a result of the unrest.
But analysts say the wide margin of Mr Poroshenko's victory has bolstered the confidence of Ukrainian officials in their dealings with Moscow.
On Tuesday, Mr Yatsenyuk denied Moscow's long-standing claim that Ukraine owed billions of dollars in unpaid gas revenues.
The prime minister said that in fact Russia's state-owed Gazprom owed Ukraine $1bn (£600m) in compensation for natural gas seized in the annexation of Crimea.
Gazprom's chief executive Alexei Miller said on Wednesday that Ukraine had used $1.7bn worth of gas in May alone, and would owe $5.2bn by 7 June.
They demanded pre-payment for June's gas supply, and threatened to restrict exports if money was not transferred by 3 June.
At an erotica film festival that includes footage of a couple having sex while skydiving and a man inserting a stick of butter into himself, the nastiest, the filthiest, the most grotesque and offensive thing to appear onscreen are red "Make America Great Again" hats, and sadly, that prop shows up in almost all the films. Here's why:
HUMP!, as all but the most vanilla types likely know by now, is the 2005-founded independent film festival of amateur porn and porn-y, perv-y shorts. They're funny, artsy, sexy, and feature all kinds of bodies, genders, acts, kinks, and couplings (and triplings, and quadruplings, and so on). The festival's aim is to make porn great again, or rather, to celebrate the medium and the myriad tastes it can convey. Here's this year's promo:
In particular, HUMP! presents an opportunity for folks to make and submit movies anonymously and enjoy the thrill of being a porn star for a limited time only. At screenings of the festival, which began this week in San Francisco and will continue across the US and Canada this year, viewers are told, insistently, to turn off their phones: Recording the action is against the rules lest these actors become stars forever on the internet against their wishes.
HUMP!'s founder and curator is Dan Savage, the sex advice columnist and LGBTQ advocate behind such campaigns as "It Gets Better" and a movement to create a filthy neologism around anti-gay politician Rick Santorum's last name. Suffice it to say that Savage is no fan of republicans nor, particularly, of Donald Trump. Here's the problem there: As is customary for the festival, filmmakers were encouraged to include gag props in their films, sneaking them in as "watermarks" to indicate that the films had been made for HUMP!. This year, in a choice made during the presidential primary season, one prop was a red "Make America Great Again Hat," and the other, which was in fewer films, was an accordion.
Hearing that news at the Victoria Theater in San Francisco's Mission District last night, the crowd gasped loudly, and the announcer apologized, advertising their remarks, knowingly and with good humor, as a "trigger warning." At the Stranger, the Seattle alt-weekly where Savage is a Editorial Director, they wrote an explanation.
Every year, when we do the call for submissions, we invite the filmmakers to include a couple of random props in their movies. HUMP! filmmakers have fun working the props into their films, HUMP! audiences have fun spotting them. This year's props: the accordion and "Make America Great Again" hats. In our defense: Again, we pick the props when we do the call for submissions and the call for submissions for HUMP! 2016 went out a year ago—back when no one thought Donald Trump could possibly win the GOP nomination, much less the fucking election.
While I was worried, initially, that this could legitimately destroy the fun of the evening, the hats actually offered some subversive laughs. Consider a "bro" wearing one backward while blowing their "bro" (all while standing over a gimp), or another hat that acts as a receptacle for a used condom.
For those wondering, yes, there are some "watersports/golden showers" in this year's HUMP! but not, as far as I noticed, with MAGA hats involved. Sad!
Previously: Go Do This Thing: Dan Savage's HUMP! Film Festival Returns Next Week
Jawans carry the body of Captain Pawan Kumar, who lost their lives in a gunbattle with militants, at the 15 Corps headquarters at Badami Bagh in Srinagar on Sunday. (Photo: PTI)
Conglomerate of militant organisations United Jihad Council Monday declared that it will confer bravery award 'Hilal-e-Shujhat' to the three militants who were killed after a 48-hour long gun battle with Indian troopers in South Kashmir's Pampore town.
Spokesperson UJC Syed Sadaqat Hussain said that organisation Chief Syed Salahuddin convened a special meeting to offer glorious tribute to the three slain militants. They said that Syed Salahuddin while lauding the role and boldness of these militants said that India should read clear writing on the wall. They said all the three militants fought valiantly. "The attacks on the Indian forces will be intensified and our militants will continue to target Indian establishments," they said.
"We thank people of Jammu and Kashmir especially the people of Pampore for expressing solidarity and standing by them (militants) during the gun fight with Indian troopers," they said.
At least three terrorists were killed in the Pampore encounter in which five securitymen were also martyred.
The 48-hour long gunfight between a group of heavily-armed terrorists and security forces had started on Saturday when the terrorists attacked a Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) bus at Sempora (Pampore) on the Srinagar-Jammu national highway.
HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba on Sunday condemned the military coup in Honduras as “criminal, brutal” and demanded the immediate return to office of deposed leftist President Manuel Zelaya.
The Honduran army ousted Zelaya and exiled them on Sunday in Central America's first military coup since the Cold War, after they upset the military by proposing an extension of their four-year term in office.
“I denounce the criminal, brutal character of this coup,” Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez told a news conference in Havana.
Zelaya is viewed by Cuba's communist leadership as a leftist ally and former Cuban leader Fidel Castro had expressed backing for their efforts to hold an unofficial public vote on Sunday to gauge support for their plan to hold a November referendum on allowing presidential re-election.
“This coup has removed a legitimate and constitutional government simply for wanting to carry out a consultation ... in Honduras there is only one constitutional government, one constitutional president who should return immediately without conditions to the palace,” Rodriguez said.
The Cuban foreign minister also denounced what they called the violent treatment by Honduran troops of several foreign ambassadors in Tegucigalpa, specifically those of Cuba and Venezuela.
Earlier, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Honduran soldiers took away the Cuban ambassador and left the Venezuelan ambassador on the side of a road after beating them during the coup. The Cuban ambassador was later released.
Rodriguez said the Cuban, Venezuelan and Nicaraguan ambassadors in Tegucigalpa had been seeking to give diplomatic shelter to Zelaya's Foreign Minister Patricia Rodas when a band of Honduran soldiers, their faces hooded, had tried to take them away. They said they were extremely concerned for their safety.
Chavez on Sunday put troops on alert over the coup in Honduras and said they would respond militarily if their envoy to the Central American country was kidnapped or killed.
Rodriguez said there were 84 people, including diplomats, women and children, at the Cuban embassy in Tegucigalpa and said Cuba was “ready to defend the integrity of our embassy”.
Paul Craig Roberts
Activist Post
With their 1962 book, Silent Spring, Rachel Carson got DDT and other synthetic pesticides banned and saved bird life. Today it is humans who are directly threatened by technologies designed to extract the maximum profit at the lowest private cost and the maximum social cost from natural resources.
Once abundant clean water has become a scarce resource. Yet, in the US ground water and surface water are being polluted and made unusable by mountain top removal mining, fracking and other such “new technologies.” Ranchers in eastern Montana, for example, are being forced out of ranching by polluted water.
Offshore oil drilling and chemical farming run-off have destroyed fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico. In other parts of the world, explosives used to maximize short-run fish catches have destroyed coral reefs that sustained fish life (source). Deforestation for short-run agricultural production results in replacing bio-diverse rain forests with barren land. The “now generation” is leaving a resource-scarce planet to future generations.
Nuclear power plants are thoughtlessly built in earthquake and tsunami zones. Spent fuel rods are stored within the plants, a practice that adds their destructive potential to a catastrophic accident or act of nature.
The newest threat comes from genetically modified seeds that produce crops resistant to herbicides. The active ingredient in Monsanto's Roundup herbicide is glyphosate, a toxic element that now contaminates groundwater in Spain and according to the US Geological Survey is now “commonly found in rain and streams in the Mississippi River Basin.”
In 2011 Don Huber, a plant pathologist and soil microbiologist, wrote to the US Secretary of Agriculture about the unexpected consequences of GMOs and the accompanying herbicides. They cited adverse effects on critical micronutrients, soil fertility, and the nutritional value of foods. They cited the impairment of metabolic pathways that prevents plants from accumulating and storing minerals, such as iron, manganese, and zinc, minerals important for liver function and immune response in animals and people. They cited toxic effects on the microorganisms in the soil that have disrupted nature's balance and resulted in large increases in plant diseases. They cited livestock deaths from botulism, premature animal aging, and an increase in animal and human infertility.
In an interview, Huber said that the power of agri-business has made it almost impossible to do research on GMOs and that regulatory agencies with the responsibility of protecting the public are dependent on the industry's own self-serving studies and have no independent objective science on which to base a regulatory decision.
In short, in order to secure bumper crops for several years, we are destroying the fertility of soil, animal and human life.
Mankind has been destroying the world for a long time. In their fascinating book, 1493, Charles C. Mann describes the adverse effects on the environment, people, and civilizations of the globalism unleashed by Christopher Columbus. These include the international transfer of human and plant diseases, deforestation, destruction of peoples and empires, and the impact on distant China of Spanish new world silver.
Mann provides a history lesson in unintended and unexpected consequences resulting from the actions of elites and of those that elites dominated. The Chinese government fixed taxation in terms of the quantity of silver, but the importation of Spanish silver inflated prices (decreased the value of a given quantity of silver) and left the government without sufficient revenues.
A successor government or dynasty evicted Chinese from the coast in order to deprive pirates of resources. The displaced millions of people deforested mountainsides in order to sustain themselves with terrace agriculture. The result of deforestation was floods that not only washed away the terraces but also the crops in the fertile valleys below. Consequently, floods became one of China's greatest challenges to its food supply.
The first slaves were conquered new world natives, but the “Indians” had no immunity to European diseases. The second wave of slaves is European whites, but the Europeans had no immunity to malaria and yellow fever. By default slavery fell to blacks, many of whom had immunity to malaria and yellow fever. Thus, a black workforce could survive the infected environments and newly created wetlands in which to raise sugarcane, wetlands that were ideal homes for malaria and yellow fever bearing mosquitoes. Mann, of course, is merely reporting, not justifying black or any slavery.
Mann points out that the lowly mosquito had a large impact on American history. The Mason-Dixon Line roughly splits the East Coast into two zones, the South in which disease carrying mosquitoes were an endemic threat, and the north in which malaria was not a threat. In the South, a person who survived childhood and grew into an adult had acquired immunity. Northerners had no such protection.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
This had enormous consequences when Northern armies invaded the South. Mann reports that “disease killed twice as many Union troops as Confederate bullets or shells.” Between the summers of 1863 and 1864, the official annual infection rate for what was called “intermittent fevers” was 233 percent. The average northern soldier was felled more than twice. In one year 361,968 troops were infected. Most of the deaths from malaria were indirect. The disease so badly weakened the troops that they died from dysentery, measles or strep infection.
The mosquito was the South's most powerful ally and so prolonged the war, despite the vast numerical superiority of the Union force, that Lincoln was forced to take action that they opposed and declare emancipation of slaves. Thus, Mann writes, it is not farfetched to conclude that blacks were freed by the very malaria mosquito that had caused blacks to be the preferred workforce.
Mann shows that long before the birth of capitalism, greed drove men to barbarous treatment of their fellows. They also show that policies, whether driven by greed or by well-intended socio-political design, inevitably had unexpected consequences. Their multi-faceted history well illustrates the old adage, “the well laid plans of mice and men often go awry.”
The old world's colonization of the new world devastated new world peoples, but the new world bit back with the spread of the potato blight to Europe and Spanish and European inflation.
Environmental destruction resulted mainly from deforestation and soils washed away by consequent floods. Prior to modern technology and toxic chemicals, the planet survived humankind.
Today the prospects for the planet are different. The human population is vast compared to earlier times, putting far more pressure on resources, and the disastrous consequences of new technologies are unknown at the time that they are employed, when the focus is on the expected benefits. Moreover, these costs are external to the business, corporation, or economic unit. The costs are inflicted on the environment and on other humans and other animal life. The costs are not included when the business calculates its profit and return on its investment. The external costs of fracking, mountain top removal mining, chemical farming, and GMOs could exceed the value of the marketable products.
Businesses have no incentive to take these costs into account, because to do so reduce their profits and could indicate that the full cost of production exceeds the value of the output. Governments have proven to be largely ineffective in controlling external costs, because of the ability of private interests to influence the decisions of government. Even if one country were to confront these costs, other countries would take advantage of the situation. Companies that externalize some of their costs can undersell companies that internalize all of the costs of their production. Thus, the planet can be destroyed by the short-term profit and convenience interests of one generation.
The main lesson that emerges from Mann's highly readable book is that people today have no better grasp of the consequences of their actions than superstitious and unscientific people centuries ago. Modern technological man is just as easily bamboozled by propaganda as ancient man was by superstition and ignorance.
If you doubt that the peoples of Western civilization live in an artificial reality created by propaganda, watch the documentary on psyops at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZiAV6fU2NM&feature=player_embedded#! The documentary does a good job despite wandering off into a couple of side issues on which it takes one-sided positions. It is a bit heavy on blaming the rich, and overlooks that Stalin, for example, had plenty of propaganda and wasn't looking to make themselves a billionaire. Not all the rich are against the people. Billionaires Roger Milliken and Sir James Goldsmith fought against jobs offshoring and globalism, which increases the powerlessness of the people vis-a-vis the elites. Both spoke for the people to no avail.
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! The documentary also blames the Constitution for limiting the participation of the mass of the people in governing themselves without acknowledging that the Constitution restricted the power of government and guaranteed civil liberty by making law a shield of the people instead of a weapon in the hands of the government. It is not the Constitution's fault, or the fault of Founding Father James Madison, that the American people succumbed to propaganda by Bush and Obama and gave up their civil liberty in order to be “safe” from “Muslim terrorists.” The documentary shows that propaganda is a form of mind control, and controlled minds are indeed the American predicament. In 1962 Rachel Carson caught Monsanto off guard and thus gained an audience. Today they would not get the same attention. Ready and waiting psyops would go into operation to discredit them I just read an article by an economist who wrote that economists have decided that environmentalism is a religion, in other words, an unscientific belief system that preaches “religious values.” This demonstrates what little importance economists attribute to external costs and the ability of externalized costs to destroy the productive power of the planet. Thus, the question, “silent spring for us?” is not merely rhetorical. It is real. You can support this information by voting on Reddit HERE.
________________________________________________________________________________ Dr. Roberts' latest book is Economies in Collapse: The Failure of Globalism, published in Europe, June, 2012. Seller information will be made available as soon as possible. This article first appeared at Paul Craig Roberts' new website Institute For Political Economy. Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. They were columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. They have had many university appointments. Their Internet columns have attracted a worldwide following. Donations are very much appreciated.
Rep. Katherine Clark
Rep. Katherine Clark (D-MA) on Monday walked out of the U.S. House of Representatives, moments before a scheduled moment of silence, to protest inaction by Congress on gun violence.
“I cannot adequately express my despair over the senseless terror and loss in Las Vegas,” Clark wrote in a statement, imploring their fellow Congresspeople “to act on the numerous common sense proposals that could help prevent tragedies” like that which transpired Sunday on the Vegas strip.
“America is strong enough to have a conversation about ending gun violence, and families deserve a debate and a vote on measures that could save lives,” Clark continued. “But unfortunately, it's almost certain there will be no vote.”
“The so-called leaders with the power to schedule that vote are too busy lining their pockets with cash from the gun lobby to notice the blood on their hands.”
So-called leaders with the power to schedule a vote are too busy lining their pockets w/ gun lobby cash to notice the blood on their hands. pic.twitter.com/DnjqLpGxVl — Katherine Clark (@RepKClark) October 2, 2017
The House of Representatives held a moment of silence in honor of the victims of Sunday's Las Vegas massacre, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. This week, the House is scheduled to hold a vote on a bill that would roll back restrictions on gun silencers. Critics say that bill, which is backed by the National Rifle Association, could make mass shooting even deadlier.
Watch the video below, via CSPAN:
Everywhere you look there is talk of corporate tax inversions – the tax strategy whereby large multinational corporations shift assets or company headquarters to other countries in order to benefit from a lower corporate income tax rate. Both sides of the political aisle have weighed in. The liberal-leaning New York Times columnist and economist Paul Krugman wrote an op-ed piece just this week attacking this strategy while on the same day the conservative Wall Street Journal included an opinion piece attacking the tax code that leads companies to partake in corporate tax inversions.
Some politicians and Americans think these tax inversions are unpatriotic while others retort that they are simply following the law and capitalizing on the rules of the game they are given. If you lean more on the side of wanting to take advantage of all legally available options to reduce taxes, and if you feel left out because you don't have a large multinational company, your wait is over. There is a strategy – call it a “personal tax inversion” – you can use to avoid potentially hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars in state income taxes.
The personal tax inversion strategy is a relatively new strategy to help you pay less state income tax. The strategy is not right for every situation, but under the right circumstances, it can be an effective way to pay less state income tax.
The basic issue is this. If you live in a state with an income tax – and especially if you live in a state with a high income tax such as California where the rate is as high as 13.3% -- how can you avoid or reduce tax on income your assets produce? With a personal tax inversion, there is a way to shift assets to a state without any income tax. And just like the large U.S. based companies have done for years, you too can benefit from having your assets located in a new jurisdiction that assesses a lower – or in most cases – no state income tax. But unlike corporate tax inversions where a company has to shift headquarters to another country, a personal tax inversion simply shifts assets to a trust located in a different state within the United States. Let me explain.
There are grantor trusts and non-grantor trusts. A grantor trust is established by an individual called the grantor. With a grantor trust, the grantor (i.e., you) is treated as owning the trust assets for income tax purposes, and as such, is responsible for any income tax due on the assets within the trust. For example, if you live in California and set up a grantor trust in California or even in a state without income tax such as Nevada, because you live in California you are responsible for paying California state income tax on the income generated in the trust. So if our goal is to reduce state income taxes, a grantor trust isn't going to work well.
In comparison, a non-grantor trust is where you place assets into the trust and give up enough tax strings so that you are no longer considered the “owner” for tax purposes.So now the trust itself and not you are responsible for paying the income tax. If the trust is administered in a tax-free state such as Nevada, the trust pays no state tax. Success! But there's a problem. If you transfer assets outside of your control, you run the risk of having to pay gift taxes. So while you may avoid state income tax, you would most likely have to pay federal gift tax or at least use up your gift/estate tax exclusion if the drafting attorney isn't careful. A non-grantor trust isn't going to work well if that were to happen.
Is there a way to keep enough control that you don't get accused of gifting the assets and having to pay gift tax, but not retain so much control that you are responsible for state income tax? The answer is yes and the structure is an Incomplete Non-Grantor Trust in a state such as Nevada, Delaware or Alaska. The Incomplete Non-Grantor Trust – also referred to as NINGs or DINGs to reflect the state (Nevada and Delaware, respectively) in which the trust is located – is the solution because it walks that fine line of giving up just enough control but not too much.
Estate planning and asset protection attorney, Steve Oshins, of Oshins & Associates in Las Vegas, Nevada says, “With state income taxes as high as they are in some of the states, the NING Trust market has exploded over the past year. The immediate gratification of income tax savings makes the NING Trust strategy a no-brainer for a high-net-worth resident of a state with a high state income tax.”
This is an advanced strategy that requires the guidance of a good estate or tax attorney. As Neil Schoenblum, Senior Trust Officer at Provident Trust Group in Las Vegas, Nevada, explains, “After a number of years of uncertainty regarding the IRS's stance, it has issued several private letter rulings very recently approving NINGs. These rulings, while specific to the particular matters, can serve as a helpful roadmap for planners in designing the NING.”
An added benefit is that NINGs and DINGs not only provide tax minimization but also asset protection. Unlike the politicians who are wrestling with what to do about corporate tax inversions, one state has already made this strategy untenable. For example, earlier this year New York state, which was losing an estimated $150 million a year through tax avoidance, effectively closed this tax loophole for New York residents. Other states may follow, but until then, if you expect a windfall from a one-time gain or an investment account that you anticipate to produce significant income over the coming years, a personal tax inversion vis-á-visa Nevada Incomplete Non-Grantor Trust (NING) or a Delaware Incomplete Non-Grantor Trust (DING) is certainly one strategy your financial advisor or tax team should be discussing with you.
Finally, regarding non-grantor trusts, they pay the top federal income tax bracket of 39.6% beginning at $12,150 of income for 2014. That is why a cost-benefit analysis (as well as looking at other goals such as asset protection and gift tax avoidance) is needed for individuals that are not already in the highest marginal tax bracket. However, for those that are, the NING will engender no additional cost.
Robert's latest book is The Sudden Wealth Solution: 12 Principles to Transform Sudden Wealth Into Lasting Wealth.
Connect with me on Twitter @rpagliarini, my financial planning blog, or email me. This discussion is not intended as financial, legal or tax advice, and cannot be relied upon for any purpose without the services of a qualified professional.
Propaganda fuels deadly Ukraine war on Europe's eastern border
Updated
There are fears Ukraine's war threatens Europe's stability. But far from thinking about peace, the fighters and their support base behind the lines are digging in.
Recent high-level talks failed to restart the stalled peace process in Eastern Ukraine, and daily explosions continue along the front line.
More lives were lost in the last few days, adding to the 9,700 killed so far.
Despite the death toll and continued conflict, nationalism is growing on both sides.
An opposing narrative
Artur Knisch is one of the 1.7 million Ukrainians forced from their homes by the bitter and intractable battle over the Donbas region in eastern Ukraine.
"My heart and soul are torn in two," the trader says.
Knisch now runs a small clothing business in Kharkiv after fleeing from their home in Donetsk when fighting broke out over two years ago.
With a Ukrainian father and Russian mother, their plight symbolises that of their nation.
"Three years ago I could never in a million years have imagined there would be a war," they say.
"Russians and Ukrainians were always brothers and sisters and now we are fighting each other."
Kharkiv is home to a large population of ethnic Russians, many with relatives just across the border in Russia, the mood here is one of confusion and division.
Neither Ukraine nor Russia admit they are at war, and each side presents a completely opposing narrative.
Pro-Western Ukrainians favour closer ties with Europe, a democratic system of government, and human rights.
On the other side, pro-Russian Ukrainians, are nostalgic for the might of the Soviet Union and actively support Russian President Vladimir Putin's vision of reunifying Russkiy Mir (Russian World).
Patriotic fervour is rising.
"We hear nothing but propaganda from both sides, poisoning people against each other," Knisch says.
The Ukrainian Government has revived memories of Soviet-era atrocities, demolished Soviet-era monuments, and erected ones celebrating Ukrainian heroes.
For its part, Russia condemns Ukraine's West-leaning Government as "fascists" and "Neo-Nazis" which threatens the ethnic Russian population.
"Everyone now has to take a side," Knisch explains.
"Friendships have been destroyed and family members refuse to speak to each other. It's a tragedy and I can't see any way for this to end."
Knisch has taken the Ukrainian side.
"I've seen how people live in the West and I want Ukraine to become a part of Europe," they say.
'If it wasn't for Russia'
Across the country a generation of young men are maimed and traumatised.
Volunteer soldier Anatoly Gorbenko, 37, lost both their legs last month, in what the Ukrainian Government euphemistically calls, the "Anti-Terrorist Operation Zone".
"Of course it's a war between Ukraine and Russia," they say.
"They just don't admit it."
Born in the eastern Ukrainian town of Sumy, near the Russian border, Gorbenko signed up in 2014 to defend the strategic seaport of Mariupol from pro-Russian militants.
They encountered several professional Russian soldiers on the battlefield and has no doubt that Russia is involved.
"We are defending our country against Russian aggression," they say.
Their battalion came under fire in August 2014, and they briefly took six Russian POWs. One was a tank commander.
"When we asked them why they were in Donbas, they said they were a contract soldier and had joined the army because it paid well," Gorbenko says.
In continued fighting they sustained heavy losses. They were captured and held by separatists for almost four months, before being released in a prisoner exchange.
They returned to the front, fighting for a year and a half before stepping on a mine while patrolling the outskirts of Donetsk.
"There was an explosion and I saw both my legs were gone. My comrades bandaged me and carried me several kilometres on a ladder," Gorbenko says.
"If it wasn't for Russia, this war would never have begun," they say.
A sense of purpose
Bogdan Seredenko, 24, lost half their right foot in a landmine explosion near Mariupol.
"Since losing my foot, I sometimes worry about my future, but I have no regrets. I had to defend my country," Seredenko says.
Tatiana Grubenyuk, 34, gave up their advertising job to volunteer, and helps the wounded like Bogdan and Anatoly.
They refute Russia's claims the West is backing the Ukrainian government's war efforts in East Ukraine.
"The Ukrainian government is providing soldiers and ammunition, but we volunteers are doing everything else," Grubenyuk says.
The nationwide volunteer network supports the country's chronically under-supplied military hospitals.
For two years they have collected donations for medicines and to fund operations.
Grubenyuk makes regular trips to the frontline delivering vital equipment to young men they describe as heroes.
"Our soldiers have not invaded another country," they say.
"We just want to determine our own future as an independent country."
"Before I used to think about fashion and where to eat out," they say. "But that all seems so pointless now."
"The war has brought us together and given us a sense of purpose."
Not our brothers
Artem Velichko uses their income as a translator to buy goods and takes them in their car to supply the front line. Last trip they took food, a generator and night vision equipment to soldiers dug in near Donetsk.
It has become the main mission in their life.
"I don't want to be ruled by Russia," Velichko says.
"Russia has controlled us for 350 years and killed seven million of our people during Soviet times. They are close to us in a way, but they are not our brothers. They have always had an imperialist mindset."
They regularly overnight in a dugout across from the pro-Russian positions and says there is constant gunfire. But they are not afraid.
"I hear radio traffic from the other side and they are definitely Russians," they say.
Velichko recently translated a report compiled by international military experts.
It documented sightings of a wide range of modern Russian military equipment throughout the two occupied regions, including: main battle tanks, multiple launch rocket systems, and surface to air missile systems.
The report was presented to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) in early October.
After receiving the report in October, PACE unequivocally condemned Russia's actions in Ukraine, and expressed its deep concern, "both for Ukraine itself and for the overall stability and security in Europe".
Velichko scoffs at Russia's insistence of Western backing for the war.
"I wish the West was funding the war here, but apart from a few Humvees and artillery radars, so far it is me and civil society," they say.
In a cramped room in the old Kharkiv Hotel, more volunteers support the Ukrainian war effort. Former classical pianist Tatiana Kharlan and engineer Nataly Dolgopolova are packing dried vegetables into plastic bags.
Surrounded by stacks of boxes with labels such as "Anti-Moscow Soup mix" and "Vitamin Bomb", Dolgopolova explains they have established a group of fifty helpers via Facebook.
"We wanted to do something, so we came up with the idea to dry vegetables and fruits and produce food packages to be sent to soldiers at the front," they say.
Bound by duty
In Russia passions are running equally high.
In central Moscow a group of uniformed Russians gather by a monument to Tsar Alexander II celebrating their service to the Fatherland.
Among them are Cossacks and soldiers with Siberian and Northern insignias. All have returned from fighting in the Donbas.
Several state security officers (FSB) are also present.
"All our volunteers are doing great work in this war," a young man in fatigues tells a Russian TV reporter.
"We went to Donbass thinking exclusively about our country, our fatherland, Russkiy Mir," they continue with obvious pride, despite official denials of direct involvement in the conflict.
Asked to explain this apparent contradiction, they say, "Ukraine for us is a brother nation, so no one makes a distinction between Ukraine and Russia."
"A Russian man is duty bound to defend Russians any place on the globe."
A completely different mentality
On the pro-Russian side in Ukraine, Larissa Kovalenko's house shakes daily from shelling. They live 20 kilometres from the front line, in the self-proclaimed People's Republic of Lugansk.
They dream of the day it will become part of Russia.
"Here we have a completely different mentality to the rest of Ukraine," they explain.
"We respect what we already have — our traditions, our memorials to the past, and everything connected with Russia."
After the pro-Russian President Yanukovych was ousted two years ago in the Maidan revolution, the new Ukrainian Parliament passed a law making Ukrainian the country's state language. It enraged many ethnic Russians, like Larissa.
"At first we demanded autonomy, but they didn't like that," they claim.
"Then they started to bomb us."
Larissa vehemently denies Russia is supplying the separatists with weapons.
"This is a total lie. But we see on Russian TV that Europe and the US are assisting the Ukrainian military. It's no longer a secret. Our fighters have captured their weapons from the Ukrainian military."
Them voice cracks with emotion as they recall growing up in the Soviet Union.
"When the USSR collapsed, everything turned to chaos," they say.
"Only when Putin came to power, did order return to Russia."
The suggestion of closer ties with Europe horrifies her, and they reject its decadent values.
"We don't understand how gays can be openly parading on the streets," they cite as one example.
Kovalenko's 10 year-old grand-daughter, Bogdana, writes stirring poems.
"They call it war," they read a translation out loud.
"The child looks at the destroyed buildings. Child's eyes, an adult's understanding. America, Europe won't give the child peace… foreign countries, you've already tried to enforce your values on us, but we don't want them."
Larissa says their grand-daughter is considered a criminal by Ukrainian authorities for publishing their writing.
"But we won't give up our fight," they say.
'This war won't stop'
In a basement cafe in the Ukrainian Black Sea port city of Odessa, professional soldier Dima Yagelski is determined Ukraine won't give up its fight either.
"Russkiy Mir is just the Soviet Union mark 2.0," they say.
"Russian media brainwashes its people that Ukrainians want to destroy all Russian speakers and convinces them that Russia needs to defend them.
"We need to block all media access!"
At 25, Dima Yagelski is Ukraine's youngest army major. They were decorated last year by Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko for service to their country.
They followed their father into the army, completing their training just as pro-Russian separatists declared independence in Donbas.
Three months into active service, six sniper bullets smashed into their foot. 15 months and 38 operations later, they still walk with a limp, but their foot was saved.
"This conflict cannot be resolved militarily," Major Yagelski argues.
"We urgently need European security monitors on the border to block ammunition and weapons from entering Ukrainian territory. We also urgently need international peacekeepers."
Unable to return to the front, Major Yagelski trains cadets in Kiev's military college, helping rebuild the Ukraine army after years of neglect.
"We used to be the world's third largest nuclear power but we agreed to give up our weapons because the UK, US and Russia said they would protect us," they explain.
"Now we are alone, vulnerable and very afraid."
Several of their students are orphans who lost both their parents in the fighting. Some are as young as 15.
Major Yagelski worries the West is not taking the war on Europe's doorstep seriously enough.
"The current sanctions against Russia aren't enough. If the West really wants to stop Putin, they need to freeze Russian bank accounts and increase sanctions."
They express a common fear:
"This war won't stop in Ukraine. Putin will keep going until they have power in Europe."
Credits
Reporter: Kim Traill
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, defence-forces, army, human-interest, community-and-society, ukraine
First posted
The Federal Communications Commission today unanimously approved a rule that will require closed captioning for certain online videos.
The move extends rules that the agency adopted in 2012 to require closed captioning on video clips, not just full-length videos. Once in place, the rules will require broadcasters, cable, and satellite distributors to caption clips that are played on TV and then posted on a website or mobile app.
The new rules do not apply to third-party websites or apps, or clips that were uploaded to the distributor's online library before these rules go into effect.
Deadlines vary based on the type of video. "Straight lift" clips that contain a single excerpt of a captioned program exactly as it aired on TV must add closed captioning by Jan. 1, 2016.
Montages, a single file with multiple straight-lift clips, and clips of live or near-live programming, like news or sporting events, have until 2017 to comply. The rules do allow a grace period12 hours for live programming and eight hours for near-live videosbefore the clip must be captioned online.
"Accessibility of programming must evolve with technology in order for us to maintain our commitment to universal access," FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said in a statement. "When the number of U.S. households viewing TV programming exclusively on the Internet is poised to surpass the number viewing only via antenna, and 77 percent of Internet users regularly watch video clips online  often to get news, sports, and entertainment programming, it's time to update our closed captioning rules to reflect these changes."
In addition to today's vote, the FCC also opened up a second notice of proposed rulemaking that asks for comment on what else the agency can due to help those with disabilities access the Web.
"In particular, it is my hope that the Commission will act quickly to address application of the IP closed captioning rules to video clips provided by third-party distributors, and to decrease or eliminate the grace period applicable to video clips of live programming," Wheeler said. "It is essential that people with disabilities not only get the same access as the rest of us, but that the access that they get is as timely and therefore as relevant, as what the rest of us get. Access delayed is often the same as access denied."
It has been a while since “10 Terrible Bigots in Modern History” was released and it has proven to be quite a popular list, with many commentors clamoring on about people that were missed. So, here are ten more examples of human slime deserving mention in order to supplement the first list.
10 David Duke
David Ernest Duke got their start in the white nationalist circuit as Grand Wizard of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan. During their tenure, they attempted to put a more positive spin on the Klan by reinventing them as a simple organization looking out for the rights of white Americans. Not surprisingly, the exchange of white robes for suits and ties didn't sit well with most Americans, white and black, who were still haunted by memories of the violence that the Klan had committed during the Civil Rights movement. Duke entered politics in 1979, running for the District 10 State Senate seat in their home state of Louisiana as a Democrat, finishing second. In 1988 they ran in the Democratic Presidential primaries, but their campaign failed to have any impact, but followed this up with a 1989 win in the Louisiana State House after switching their affiliation to Republican.
Duke has praised Ernest Zündel, a prominent holocaust denier, even calling them a “political prisoner” when Zündel was imprisoned in Germany for inciting ethnic hatred. Duke themselves has engaged in holocaust denial, and in 2002 published their book “Jewish Supremacism: My Awakening on the Jewish Question”, in which they assert that Jews are racist by nature (similar to how many black nationalists assert whites are racist by nature). Duke has also blamed the 9/11 attacks on the Israeli Mossad, and parroted the now discredited idea that 3,000 Israeli business people were ordered to stay home on 9/11. Their articles routinely appear on Stormfront, the largest online forum dedicated to white supremacism and neo-Nazism.
9 Ernst Zündel
Ernst Zündel was born in Bad Wildbad in Germany, and emigrated to Canada when they were 19. They would later spend most of their life in that country. Initially working as a graphic designer, they came to prominence as an activist against perceived “discrimination” against German-Canadians due to media bias. It was during this time that their openly neo-Nazi views became well known, especially with the publication of their antisemitic pamphlet “The Hitler We Loved and Why”.
Zündel is most famous for their denial of the Holocaust. In the 1970s they founded Samisdat Publications, devoting it to printing neo-Nazi and Holocaust denial material, such as the book “Did Six A Million Really Die?”, which asserted that the Holocaust was made up by the Jews and the Allies as a pretext for the establishment of the State of Israel. Zündel has also published material obsessing over Allied “war crimes” during World War II (completely ignoring German war crimes) and openly supported Nazi war criminals. During the trial of Imre Finta, they told a survivor of the Holocaust who confronted them “Listen, yeah, we are gonna get you yet, don't you worry.”
8 Malik Zulu Shabazz
Malik Zulu Shabazz is the current head of the New Black Panther Party (NBPP), the purported descendant of the original Black Panther Party of the 60s and 70s (the original Party members have disowned the new group). During their time as a student at Howard University, Shabazz fell under the tutelage of Khalid Abdul Muhammad, who according to Shabazz “helped to shape my life and was a captain and minister over me.” From Muhammad, Shabazz would inherit the vile anti-white and antisemitic views that would characterize their career.
Shabazz joined the Nation of Islam in 1995, participating in the group's October 16th “Million Man March” in Washington D.C. The day before the rally, at a “Black African Holocaust Nationhood Conference”, Shabazz stated “America should be glad that every black man is not on a killing spree for all the suffering they [white Americans] have done.” In 1998, they tried to organize a “Million Youth March” in Harlem, during which they threatened to kill police officers; “The only solution any time there is a funeral in the black community, is a funeral in the police community.” They told their followers. In 2000, during a rally organized by Al Sharpton, they called for a race war (“For every casket and funeral in our community, there should be a casket and funeral in the enemy's community”). Parroting neo-Nazi conspiracy theories, they have repeatedly insinuated that the Jews were involved in the 9/11 attacks, and has given support to convicted cop killer Mumia Abu Jamal. Protesting B'nai B'rith in 2002, they said “Kill every goddamn Zionist in Israel! Goddamn little babies, goddamn old ladies! Blow up Zionist supermarkets!”, and multiple times has blamed Jews for the slave trade.
7 Haunani-Kay Trask
When most people think of native Hawaiian culture, they think of a proud people who are also full of aloha and willing to live side by side with those who share their islands with them. Apparently, Haunani-Kay Trask never got the memo. Born in California in 1949, Trask graduated from the University of Wisconsin in 1972 and later came to Hawaii, where they gained a professorship at the University of Hawaii. It was here that they became involved with the unseemly elements of the Hawaiian Sovereignty movement.
Blending Hawaiian ethnic nationalism with racial supremacism, Trask and their fellow hardcore sovereignty activists have created what Professor Kenneth Conklin calls “Hawaiian supremacism”. When a University of Hawaii student named Joey Carter wrote an editorial in the student newspaper against the use of the Hawaiian word “haole”, a Hawaiian word originally meaning “foreigner” which has increasingly been used as a racial slur against whites, Trask replied by demeaning him; “Too bad, Mr. Carter, you are a haole and you always will be …” they wrote in their reply, further stating “If Mr. Carter does not like being called haole, they can return to Louisiana. Hawaiians would certainly benefit from one less haole in our land. In fact, United Airlines has dozens of flights to the U.S. continent every day, Mr. Carter. Why don't you take one?” Not surprising, as Trask has worked with groups which assert that kanaka maoli (native Hawaiians) have exclusive rights to the Hawaiian islands and advocate the expulsion of all non-native Hawaiians from Hawaii. Trask's writings seeth with hatred for whites, as evidenced in their poem “Racist White Woman”;
“Racist White Woman
I could kick
Your face, puncture
Both eyes.
You deserve this kind
Of violence.
No more vicious
Tongues, obscene
Lies.
Just a knife
Slitting your tight
Little heart.
For all my people
Under your feet
For all those years
Lived smug and wealthy
Off our land
Parasite arrogant
A fist
In your painted
Mouth, thick
With money
And piety.
6 Don Black
Don Black is a well known white supremacist whose forte is internet activism. Born in Athens, Alabama, Don Black was a white supremacist early on, passing out white supremacist literature at their high school and later thwarting a ban by mailing it directly to students' homes. They later joined the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in 1975 and became Grand Wizard after David Duke resigned in 1978. In 1981, they were arrested in New Orleans for trying to invade the country of Dominica with a boat stocked full of weapons.
Black is perhaps most famous, however, for starting Stormfront, the internet's premier hate site. Neo-Nazis and white supremacists from all over the world gather to spread their bile. Black is still the current webmaster, and regularly publishes articles from across the racist world, including articles from David Duke and the Institute for Historical Review, an appallingly misnamed Holocaust denial organization. In a 1998 interview for the Miami New Times they stated; “We want to take America back. We know a multicultural Yugoslav nation can't hold up for too long. Whites won't have any choice but to take military action. It's our children whose interests we have to defend.” In 2008, they courted controversy by donating money to Ron Paul's presidential campaign, which Paul subsequently refused to return after it was revealed.
5 Matthew F. Hale
A wannabe religious leader, Matthew F. Hale is a leader of the white supremacist religion Creativity, who advertises themselves as a religion for and about white people, advocating “racial holy war” against Jews and non-whites to establish a pure white world. Raised in East Peoria, Illinois, Hale was reading white supremacist materials by age 12, including Hitler's “Mein Kampf”. They entered Bradley University and was later expelled for inviting the Ku Klux Klan to the school.
Hale founded the New Church of the Creator in 1993, later changing its name to the World Church of the Creator after being made “Pontifex Maximus” (supreme leader). They continued their white supremacist activism, which took a deadly turn in 2003, when Hale was arrested on federal charges for attempting to solicit the murder of Judge Joan Lefkow. They were sentenced to 40 years in federal prison and is currently incarcerated at ADX Florence in Florence, Colorado.
4 Stellio Capo Chichi
Better known by their nom de guerre Kémi Séba, Stellio Cap Chichi is a French Muslim of North African descent and is commonly referred to as “the French Farrakhan”. Indeed, Chichi has taken a page from the Nation of Islam leaders playbook; the antisemitic one.
In 2004 they founded the Parisian political group Tribu Ka (abbreviation for “The Atenian Tribe of Kemet”), which preached a combination of antisemitic Kemetism and Islam, similar to the NOI's mix of theosophy and Sunni Islam. In 2006, the group staged a demonstration in Paris' Jewish neighborhood, shouting antisemitic slogans and threatening pedestrians. In response, the French Ministry of Interior dissolved the group on grounds of incitement of racial hatred. The group was reformed under the name Génération Kémi Séba, and during the trial of Youssouf Fofana for the kidnapping and brutal murder of Ilan Halimi, sent threatening, antisemitic e-mails to various Jewish organizations, which led to their imprisonment. While in prison, they became Secretary General of MDI, the Mouvement des damnés de l'impérialisme, or “Movement of Those Damned By Imperialism”, which maintains ties to the terrorist group Hezbollah in their antisemitic campaigns.
3 Elijah Muhammad
Elijah Muhammad was born in Sandersville, Georgia, and eventually relocated to Detroit, where they gained a job in the Detroit auto factories, and was exposed to the teachings of Wallace Fard Muhammad, the founder of the Nation of Islam. According to NOI lore, Muhammad, then known by their birth name Elijah Poole, came to realized that Wallace Fard Muhammad was “Allah”, and became a minister in the fledgling Nation of Islam. They later relocated again to Chicago and established the NOI temple there, streamlining WFM's racist theology that held blacks were the “chosen race” and whites were inferior and created by blacks to be a slave race.
Following their mentor's disappearance in 1934, Elijah Muhammad moved the NOI's headquarters to Chicago. During this time, they began to urge blacks to resist serving in World War II, and even went as far as to urge them to support the Japanese. Elijah Muhammad was virulently anti-white. Their speeches and writings characterized whites as “devils” and “the evil and murderous race”, and asserted that whites are the “beast” mentioned in the Book of Revelation. They firmly believed in racial separation, even advocating a black homeland in the United States where no whites would be allowed.
2 Fred Phelps
Born in 1929 in Meridian, Mississippi, Fred Phelps experienced a religious awakening after graduating from high school and entered Bob Jones University for Bible/ministerial training. In 1947 they were ordained as a minister by the Southern Baptists and married in 1952. They were assigned to pastor a Baptist congregation in Topeka, Kansas, but their violent behavior quickly brought their job to an end. This led them to found the Westboro Baptist Church.
Comprised primarily of Phelp's family members, Westboro Baptist preaches a unique brand of Calvinism which teaches God's “perfect hatred” of the unrighteous, of which homosexuals are chief (in open contradiction to the Christian tradition of compassion and mercy for sinners). The group is best known for its pickets of the funerals of American soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan, characterizing their deaths as punishment from God for tolerating homosexuality. Phelps preaches that America and everyone in it is “doomed” and will “split hell wide open” when they die, with no chance to repent. After 9/11 their group carried signs saying “Thank God for 9/11” reasoning God killed the victims as punishment for sin.
1 George Lincoln Rockwell
George Lincoln Rockwell (center in the picture above) is perhaps the founding father of American neo-Nazism. Born in Bloomington, Illinois, Rockwell served in the Navy during World War II. They became active in politics after being influenced by the anti-communist activities of Senator Joe McArthy, and campaigned for Douglas McArthur's presidential campaign, adopting the corn cob pipe that McArthur was famous for. It was then that they were exposed to antisemitism and Nazi ideology by reading “Mein Kampf” and “Protocols of the Elders of Zion”. Rockwell had morphed into the father of American white supremacy.
They founded the American Nazi Party in March of 1959, and held its first major rally on the National Mall of Washington, D.C. Though they stated that in a Nazi America they would treat loyal Jews as equal, they said they believed “ninety percent” of Jews to be disloyal and would execute them. In the Summer of 1966, they led counter-demonstrations against Martin Luther King, Jr., and assisted the Ku Klux Klan in their fight against the civil rights movement. They coined the salute “White power!”, and started Hatenanny Records to distribute white supremacist music (with infamous titles like “Ship Those Niggers Back), and founded the modern Holocaust denial movement by characterizing it as a Jewish conspiracy.
I'm helping out at my father's auto-repair shop, German Imports, over the holidays, when a 2002 Porsche Carrera comes in with a fueling issue: The owner can't fill it up with gas. We open the hood to diagnose the problem (the gas tank is in the front of a Porsche), only to be greeted with a bewildering mess. The cabin air filter, which supplies the a/c and heating, has been torn to shreds. Bits of paper, trash, and small black pellets are everywhere. After a moment, we spot the root problem cowering under the battery: It's a fist-size rat with the frightened look of a refugee caught at a border crossing.
Animals take shelter and live in automobiles more often than you might think. In the frigid winter your car, insulated from predators and the cold, can be especially alluring to rodents and other critters. And any seasoned mechanic has at least a few stories of faunas in the engine compartment, and not just in beater cars.
"Almost daily we see evidence of some animal, usually rats," says Mitch Montague, a master mechanic at Fletcher Jones Motorcars, a Mercedes-Benz dealership in affluent Newport Beach, Calif., which services about 300 cars per day. "Mainly it's just paw prints in the dust on the top of the engine, empty snail shells, or rat poop. But maybe four or five times a year we actually see a rat jump out of a car."
And depending on the critter, an animal that has made your car its home can do great harm to your automobile or even to you.
As far as your automotive health is concerned, rodents "cause mostly wiring problems," Montague says. "They chew on wires, and then the bare wires touch each other and short things out." Finding the cause of wiring issues is already a pain for mechanics, and rodent problems only add to the difficulty. "They like to chew near their nest or shelter, so it could be in a tight, hidden area where you don't usually think of looking for a problem or a short," they say. In that Porsche at my father's shop, the rat chewed through a wire to a fueling sensor as it ate its way across the car. Montague says he's seen even bigger damage. "I've seen animals chew through the main harness," essentially a car's lifeline of wires. "And then the car won't run at all."
Nests themselves can be an issue. Montague recalls working on a BMW earlier in their career in which rats had transferred more than 25 pounds of dog food and hair into their new-found automotive apartment complex, choking up the engine in the process. For other, larger animals fond of hiding in warm places—such as snakes or opossums—starting the car can spell a surprising death, and create a hell of a cleanup for your mechanic. "I remember we once had an opossum that got stuck between the driveshaft. That was a nasty, stinky mess. There were maggots . . . but I'm sure you don't want to write anything about that," Montague says.
The health risks are a real worry, too, and not just for people with hands under the hood. If the animal is anywhere near your cabin air filter, you could be getting a refreshing breeze of animal dander and excrement every time you turn up the air. "That has to be an ideal way to spread an airborne virus," says Brian Amman, a disease ecologist with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Rats and mice defecate and urinate close to home, and if one's living in or near the filter, "you're practically taking every particle and sending it into the car."
Amman says that many of the worst rodent-borne diseases in the U.S., such as hantavirus, are spread from inhaling excrement particles. Since 1993 there have been only 616 cases of hantavirus, but most were contracted in enclosed spaces with little airflow, such as barns or cabins. Even ignoring hantavirus, "mice and rats are also known to carry sole virus, salmonella, leptospirosis, and other diseases. They're wild animals. Just the dander alone can spur allergies and have negative health impacts," Amman says.
Luckily for Popular Mechanics readers, diagnosing an animal infestation in your car is easier than changing your oil. For smaller critters, look for the telltale signs of droppings and trash, dusty footprints, or nibbled plastic or padding. For larger animals, usually there are obvious signs.
Extricating the animal is another story. For small animals, Amman suggests setting up snap traps, which you should spray down with a 10 percent bleach solution to disinfect before you throw it away with gloves. Live traps are not recommended, they say, as the animal will defecate and possibly bite, increasing the chance of infection. I can personally attest to four ineffective ways of removing a Porsche-dwelling rat: spraying it with a squirt bottle, blasting the undercarriage with an air hose, cursing at it, and gunning the car around the block hoping the varmint flees the g-forces. Neither I nor my softhearted German father wanted to use snap traps, and eventually the rodent abandoned its newly inhospitable home on its own—to spread hantavirus through some Toyota, I imagine.
Prevention is key. If you find an animal under your hood, have had the problem before, or if your car is going to sit for a long time in an area that might be rife with rodents (near alleys or open fields), try to make your car an unalluring animal destination. Park it in the garage, and keep it away from seeds, dog food, trash cans, and spray cheese. All that tasty stuff.
Last Updated: 16 Jun 2015
It turns out Nestlé's 80% grasp of India's instant noodle market isn't as secure as it might have thought. The Swiss food giant is being forced to destroy $50m (£32m) worth of its Maggi noodles after Indian authorities claimed they contained dangerously high levels of lead.
The company denies the claims, saying internal tests of 1,000 batches have shown lead levels to be in line with regulations, but it's nonetheless been pulling them from shelves in the country over the past month. It's obviously a massive blow for the firm, whose brand reputation was recently named the 5th best in India.
Food scares are a common risk for companies operating in developing countries – although India's fellow rising power China has probably seen the lion's share. Last year McDonald's said its sales in the country were hit by concerns about one of its chicken suppliers and Heinz had to recall some of its children's cereal over concerns about their lead content. Then again, after the 2013 horsemeat scandal Britain's food safety reputation isn't so squeaky clean either.
Nestlé's been keen to emphasise the importance it places on food safety. Pulling so many products will cost it dearly in the short-term but, as with Alton Towers' recent disaster, pulling out all of the stops is probably a price worth paying to appease safety-minded consumers.
Wearing antiperspirant or deodorant might be a good way to help manage your body odour, is this a good or a bad thing for the health of our skin? Right now, scientists have no idea.
Researchers in the US have found that using these personal hygiene products on your skin significantly affects the type and quantity of bacterial life in the armpit's microbiome. While there's no evidence that this is necessarily harmful to human health, the researchers say it's possible that these natural microbes serve a beneficial purpose, and if they do, it could mean we're doing ourselves no favours by altering them.
"Thousands of bacteria species have the potential to live on human skin, and in particular in the armpit," said ecologist Rob Dunn from North Carolina State University. "Just which of these species live in any particular armpit has been hard to predict until now, but we've discovered that one of the biggest determinants of the bacteria in your armpits is your use of deodorant and/or antiperspirant."
To assess the microbial impact of wearing deodorant and antiperspirant, the researchers studied 17 participants over the course of eight days.
The group consisted of three sub-groups: seven people who routinely used antiperspirant, which reduces the amount we sweat; five participants who routinely used deodorant, which often includes ethanol or other antimicrobials to kill odour-causing microbes; and five people who used neither. The participants had swabs taken of their armpits twice daily during the experiment.
At the beginning of the study, the participants followed their usual personal hygiene routine, but on days two through six, no deodorant or antiperspirant were used. On the two final days, all participants used antiperspirant.
"We found that, on the first day, people using antiperspirant had fewer microbes in their samples than people who didn't use product at all – but there was a lot of variability, making it hard to draw firm conclusions," said one of the researchers, Julie Horvath of North Carolina Central University. "In addition, people who used deodorant actually often had more microbes – on average – than those who didn't use product."
By day six, when all participants had not used the products for five days, the amount of bacteria in their armpits was fairly comparable, but when the entire group began using antiperspirant on the final two days, the researchers found dramatically reduced microbial growth.
This suggests that while antiperspirant use appears to decrease microbe populations, deodorant actually increases them.
Using genetic sequencing to analyse the composition and variety of bacteria in the participants' sweat when no product was used, the researchers found that antiperspirant in particular produces very different microbe populations in people's armpits.
Whereas those who didn't normally wear deodorant or antiperspirant exhibited high levels of Corynebacteria (62 percent of microbes found) and low levels of Staphylococcaceae (21 percent), this was almost reversed in antiperspirant users (with 14 percent and 60 percent respectively).
Corynebacteria, while partly responsible for body odour, are thought to help us defend against pathogens. Staphylococcaceae are a group of bacteria, most of which are considered beneficial, although some can pose a risk to human health in some circumstances.
But the fact that the products we use can so dramatically alter the composition of these bacteria in our armpit microbiome could potentially have significant consequences, the researchers report in PeerJ.
"Using antiperspirant and deodorant completely rearranges the microbial ecosystem of your skin – what's living on us and in what amounts," said Horvath. "And we have no idea what effect, if any, that has on our skin and on our health. Is it beneficial? Is it detrimental? We really don't know at this point."
Previous research by some of the same scientists recently compared armpit microbes between humans and non-human primates, and found that the microbes have evolved over time in conjunction with the species on which they live.
"One exciting finding was that the non-human primates were more covered in faecal and soil associated microbes, which we often view as dirty," said Horvath. "Perhaps the diversity of faecal and soil microbes on non-human primate skin serves some benefit that we don't yet understand or appreciate."
The Joint Task Force (JTF) in Kano has arrested a man suspected to be the master trainer of Boko Haram female suicide bombers with 16 females who were reportedly being trained for suicide operations, Daily Trust, gathered from security sources.
It was gathered that the man identified as Ibrahim Ibrahim was arrested in Dala LGA of Kano during a raid by the Joint Task Force Thursday.
Daily Trust gathered that the females were being trained to carry out suicide bombings when the JTF raided their training ground and arrested them and their trainer.
“He is still being held and interrogated by the JTF and they are cooperating with the force by divulging vital information about their new strategy of using teenage girls for suicide bombings. I don't know the exact number of the girls because one of my colleagues who participated in the operation said 13 while the other one said 16,” they said.
A top security source confirmed the arrest but added, “You know we have carried out many recent successful operations. I will not like to say much on this latest operation.”
Another security source said that the plan of the insurgents was to continue using the female suicide bombers to unleash terror on people of the state. The source added that when interrogated, the suspect disclosed that they brought the bombers from Sambisa forest in Borno State.
Spokesperson of the JTF in Kano, Captain Ikechukwu Eze, confirmed an operation in Dala local government area.
“There was an operation in Dala where one Ibrahim Ibrahim was arrested alongside some persons. Investigation is still on,” they said in a phone interview.
Rachel Dolezal sued Howard University for discrimination
Rachel Dolezal, the former president of Spokane, Washington's NAACP who resigned Monday amid controversy over their racial heritage, unsuccessfully sued Howard University in 2002 for discriminating against them because of their race.
Dolezal's lawsuit against Howard, a historically black university, alleged that the university denied them a teaching assistant job, further employment and a scholarship because they were white. The lawsuit also claimed that Professor Alfred Smith, chair of the Art Department, specifically kept Dolezal from serving as a teaching assistant one semester and removed some of their artwork from a student exhibition because of racial prejudice.
Story Continued Below
Howard University is “permeated with discriminatory intimidation, ridicule, and insult,” lawyers for Dolezal, who then went by Rachel Moore, alleged.
Ultimately, Washington D.C.'s court of appeals affirmed a lower court decision finding that the actions taken against Dolezal were not racially motivated. The case was dismissed and they were ordered to reimburse more than $2,700 in costs incurred by the university, as well as an additional $1,000 for an “obstructive and vexatious” filing attempting to delay their medical exam.
The lawsuit was first reported by The Smoking Gun blog.
Dolezal resigned from their position leading Spokane's NAACP Monday following their parents public statements last week that they are a white woman posing as an African-American.
In their application to become chairperson of Spokane's city government's Office of the Police Ombudsman Commission, Dolezal listed their racial background as white, black, and American Indian, leading to allegations that they may have violated the law by misrepresenting herself.
Everybody wants to have a solid financial plan, but over 40% of Americans don't have one.
Unless you develop a formal strategy – like a written plan – it can be tough to accomplish a financial goal of any type.
And let's face it, if you do accomplish your goal it's more likely luck has more to do with it than your financial savviness.
The goal is not the main thing. It's deciding how you achieve and stay w/ the plan that counts.
Let's go over some financial planning basics, that will help you to establish a financial plan that will have concrete steps you will actually be able to accomplish.
1. Define Your Goals
This gets down to answering the question What is my financial plan? You have to decide exactly what it is you need your finances to do, and what those strategies will need to accomplish. Once you establish goals, it will simply be a matter of creating a plan as to how you will get there.
For example, do you have children who will need to attend college day? If so, you'll have to save so you will have money available to make it happen.
At what age do you hope to retire? That will help you to decide how much time you have to save, and then to establish how much you can save to meet that goal.
Do you want to get completely out of debt? If so, will have to add up all of the debt you have, and determine how much you have available to pay toward it, and how much time it will take.
It can be helpful to work with a financial planner to help you target the most worthwhile and realistic goals. Mark T. Meredith, CFP® of 4theInvestorGroup commented on this:
It's very important for the client and the planner to keep goals realistic when defining them. Some planners will tell the client what they want to hear, while good planners will tell them what they need to hear. Also, paying a financial planner can be wasteful if you fail to put their recommendations into action. It's like going to the doctor and then refusing the prescribed medication.
Once you have your goals established, it will simply be a matter of working out the details as to how you will accomplish them.
But you can't do that until you have a solid plan, and that's why creating one needs to be the first order of business.
2. Setting Up a Budget
There's no getting around the fact that any type of financial planning is going to require creating surplus money in your finances. Whether your goal is to retire at a certain point your life, or to pay off your mortgage, you will need extra money in order to make any such goal a reality.
This is why a budget is so important. A lot of people skip this step, and that's the reason why they never accomplish any kind of meaningful financial goals.
A budget enables you to see exactly how much money you spend each month, compared the amount of income that you earn. It will help you to see where you're spending too much money, and where you might be able to make some cuts that will enable you to direct the money to where you want it to go.
Many people think that a budget adds stress . . . but many times over the long-run it does the opposite! Adam Broughton, CFP® of PlanningBetterLives.com remarked on the psychological benefits of a budget:
Many people view budgeting negatively because they believe a budget is all about saying “No.” In reality, your budget is equally about saying “Yes.” Being in control of your spending gives you the ability to say “Yes” to the things that really make life meaningful. You are also able to enjoy your expenditures more when you eliminate the stress of constant overspending. So next time you start hating on your budget, start asking yourself what you want to say “Yes” to. It may help you start saying “No” with a smile.
3. Cutting Expenses
Once you have a budget in place, you'll know exactly where your money is going, and you'll be able to prioritize and also to redirect the flow of your money. You can start by identifying necessary expenses. These are budget items that must be paid no matter what – your house payment, debt payments, insurance payments, and taxes. You can think of these as being non-negotiable expenses.
The next category can be important expenses, but those over which you have large degree of control. This can include groceries, utilities, and work or school related expenses. All are necessary, but you have the ability to cut these expenses at least to some degree.
The third category are pure discretionary expenses. This includes entertainment, vacations, and recreational shopping. These may be desirable, but they're not at all necessary. These are expenses you can eliminate completely, without threatening your survival.
Once you put your expenses in the proper categories, you'll be in a position to make reductions or complete cuts. For example, you can reduce your important expenses, but completely eliminate one or more of your discretionary expenses.
Making these kinds of cuts frees up your cash flow which you can direct into savings or to debt payoff. But you have to make certain expense cuts in order for that to happen.
4. Creating an Emergency Fund
Once you have identified significant expense cuts in your budget, the next order of business is to set up an emergency fund. This step is often ignored in favor of other goals that seem to be more dramatic, yet it is entirely a financial must-have.
An emergency fund is basically a savings account or money market that represents your liquid cash. The idea is to have it available when either an unexpected expense hits, or when there is an income disruption. That will not only enable you to weather a short-term financial storm, but will also help you to avoid borrowing money for the same purpose.
The general rule on an emergency fund is it should contain sufficient cash to cover 3 to 6 months worth of living expenses.
5. Getting Out of Debt
Once you have filled your emergency fund with a sufficient amount of cash, the next step will be to get out of debt. The cash flow you create in your budget by cutting expenses – that was going into your emergency fund – can now be redirected into paying off debt.
There are different methods for getting out of debt, but Dave Ramsey's debt snowball might be the most effective. You start by targeting your smallest debt, and paying it off. Once the smallest debt is paid, you target the next smallest debt You start small and get progressively larger with the debts, which is why it's referred to as a “snowball”.
This type of debt payoff strategy has several powerful advantages:
Each debt that is paid off – regardless of how small – represents visible progress and a moral victory
Each debt that is paid off eliminates a monthly payment, increasing your cash flow to take on the next debt
By the time you get to your largest debt, you have a greater ability to pay it off because all the other debts are already gone – along with their monthly payments
Each debt that is paid off reduces the number of debts that you owe, even if it doesn't substantially cut down on the amount that you owe
There's a strong element of psychological warfare when it comes to getting out of debt, and that needs to be in your favor if you're to have any chance of succeeding.
6. Saving For Retirement
Hopefully you're already saving for your retirement, even if it's just a little bit each month. But as you get out of debt, your cash flow begins to increase, which will ultimately enable you to save a lot more money for retirement, and for everything else.
As is the case with every other financial goal, the most important step in saving for retirement is to get started. If you have not done so already, start contributing to a plan with an amount that does not significantly hurt your financial situation overall. Once you have that going, your goal should be to increase your contribution level each year.
You can do this by directing future pay increases into your retirement contribution. You can also redirect debt payments into retirement, once those debts have been paid off. And if your overall financial situation is strong, you'll probably feel confident contributing a lump sum to your retirement plan, such as income tax refunds and bonus checks.
According to Forbes staff member Jennifer Eum:
If an investor contributes just 10% of their salary a year, beginning at age 25 with a starting salary of $50,000, they will have socked away $916,618 by the time they retire at 65.
7. Saving For Other Goals
There's a whole host of reasons to save money that sits somewhere between an emergency fund and a retirement fund. Saving for your children's college education is an example. You can also consider saving money for the purchase of a new car (so you can buy it without going into debt), or for replacing major components in your home, such as your roof or your air conditioning system.
The purpose of saving for intermediate goals is obviously so you will have money available for major expenses that are completely predictable. But it's also for the purpose of avoiding using debt to pay for them.
It will do you little good to work hard to get out of debt, only to plunge back in when you're faced with a major expense.
That's the debt merry-go-round so many people get stuck on, and have a very difficult time getting off of. Prevention is the best strategy, and that involves saving up money for what you know is coming in the not-too-distant future.
Looking for a great way to save money? Ryan Fuchs, JD, LLM, CFP® of IfrahFinancial.com shows us:
Set up automatic weekly, rather than monthly, deposits to your savings accounts. Do $100 per week instead of $433 once a month. After a while, you barely notice the transfers, you are less likely to “miss” the money if it goes out in smaller amounts, and you are less tempted to spend the money elsewhere since it sits in your checking account for shorter periods of time.
8. Having Adequate Insurance
There are a whole bunch of contingencies you can't possibly save enough money for, and that's the whole purpose of insurance. There are various types of insurance coverage, and you probably need them all. This includes life insurance, health insurance, auto insurance, homeowners insurance, and business insurance if you are self-employed.
And often overlooked benefit of insurance is it mostly protects your financial assets. This is why insurance is a fundamental part of smart financial planning.
For example, homeowners insurance enables you to repair your home as a result of damage from certain catastrophes without having to drain other financial resources. Auto insurance does much the same, paying claims you would have to cover out of pocket if you have no insurance. Life insurance is typically used to replace the lost wages of a deceased wager earner.
Once you realize insurance primarily protects your financial assets, you understand what's a critical part of your overall financial plan.
9. Setting Up a Will
Financial planning doesn't end upon your death – you need to make provisions for what will happen to your estate after your gone. At a minimum, if you don't set up a will, your survivors will end up in probate court working out some sort of deal to distribute your assets.
At worst, your assets can end up disappearing down a sinkhole. This is why having a properly drawn and executed will is so important. It's your final direction as to the state of your financial affairs.
Make some time to get together with a trusted attorney, and set up a will that will distribute your estate according to your wishes. You can set it up one way now, and make modifications later on as your financial situation changes. You may also be surprised to find you experience a certain sense of peace upon completing your will. That peace will come from the fact you know you have done the best you can take care of your loved ones after your death.
Don't have a financial plan yet? Check out The Financial Success Blueprint which is my firm's unique financial planning process.
SL Go has officially gone. The service ceased functioning on Friday, May 1st, after some considerable speculation on exactly when the service would stop.
As most, if not all, SL Go users are aware, notice that the service – along with OnLive's other cloud services – would be coming to an end was given early in April, after OnLive decided to sell its portfolio of patents to Sony Computer Entertainment America. Way this came about is explained in a blog post from OnLive's main investor (and former Chairman), Gary Lauder, and I also covered the reasons in a blog post of my own.
While it has originally been thought that SL Go would be popular as a means of access Second Life from tablets and while on the move in the physical world, it actually turned out that the service gained significant traction among those users accessing Second Life (and OpenSim, with the arrival of Firestorm as a supported viewer within SL Go), from low specification computers and laptop, as it enabled people to enjoy the full graphical richness of Second Life in a manner that would otherwise be beyond the capabilities of their hardware, and with few significant issues.
So what now for those people?
At the moment, the most likely alternative on the horizon is Bright Canopy, which will allow users to access Second Life and OpenSim through a conventional web browser. Again, as many people who have used SL Go know, Bright Canopy is currently undergoing beta testing, and it is hoped that a broader, invitation-only pre-launch testing phases will be starting soon, with a formal launch to follow thereafter.
Like SL Go from OnLive, it is important to recognise that Bright Canopy is not endorsed by Linden Lab, but is effectively a third-party viewer service. As it is also being streamed (via Amazon G2 servers initially), there will obviously be a cost involved in using it, and prices have yet to be confirmed. Also, the service is likely to take time to grow – initially, it will be run using Amazon's servers in the USA, although the plan is to leverage other data centres as time progresses (Bright Canopy is facilitated by Frame, who already use Amazon's data centres on both the west and east coasts of the USA, plus Ireland, Australia, Singapore and Japan).
Those interested in learning more about Bright Canopy can sign up for news on the official launch via the website, and and learn more about the service via the Bright Canopy blog.
In the meantime, and once again – as an SL go user myself, particularly when my main PC was in hospital for an extended period earlier this year, my thanks once again to Dennis, Jeff, Shae, Jersey, Robby and everyone else at OnLive involved in SL Go – including Jane Anderson in the US and Mark Bevan here in the UK – for striving to make it an outstanding service.
In the interests of disclosure, I am involved in providing support to Bright Canopy and in helping to administer the Bright Canopy blog. However, I am not officially involved in the management and operation of the company itself.
Advertisements
Donald Trump criticized the Defense Department for its history of costly acquisition programs during the debate Monday, suggesting those managing them have done so poorly.
“We buy products for our military and they come in at costs that are so far above what they were supposed to be, because we don't have people that know what they're doing,” they said, touting their efforts in private business while saying they would do better.
The issue is a frequent punching bag for politicians, especially Democrats who would prefer to see that money spent on domestic programs and libertarians. A variety of current defense projects are considered over budget, particularly the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. The Pentagon also cancelled several projects during the Obama administration after runaway cost overruns that went back years.
The Defense Department has attempted to get a better handle on defense spending through efforts such as Better Buying Power plan, which calls for more contracts with financial incentives for a job well done, rather than strictly guaranteeing money to defense contractors. But the issue will remain central to many discussions about how the U.S. military should prepare for the future.
In January, the independent Center for Strategic and International Studies warned of a forthcoming “bow wave” of modernization that will cost tens of billions of dollars in each of the coming years. The most expensive programs include the Air Force's future long-range strike bomber, the KC-46 tanker, the F-35 and the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle.
“When the next administration takes office in January 2017, it will need to make many difficult choices to rationalize long-term defense modernization plans with the resources available,” the report said. “Understanding these long-term modernization plans — and the budgets associated with them — is important because the sooner adjustments are made the less disruptive and costly they will be.”
People said they were crazy. But now they say, they did it.
University of Copenhagen alumni, Gijs Stevers, has just announced on their Facebook that they have reached Port Elisabeth.
This means that they have biked with their electrically- enhanced bike all the way from the far north of Norway, through Europe and Africa, all the way down to the coast of the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa.
Time for a swim and a beer
Gijs Stevers trip is to raise awareness and learn more about reneawable energy. Although their bike is electrically-enhanced, it demands a considerable amount of pedaling power.
On their facebook they just posted the following update today, Monday:
»Stage 19: Pretoria – Port Elizabeth (1237km) completed! Time for a swim and a Carling Black Label – Champion men deserve champion beer!«
With them all the way
The University Post will be seeking further comments from Gijs after they recover.
The University Post has been following Gijs on the sidelines. Read our coverage of the cape-to-cape event on the links right.
miy@adm.ku.dk
Stay in the know about news and events happening in Copenhagen by signing up for the University Post's weekly newsletter here.
Puerto Rico may soon be under the financial oversight of a congressionally appointed control board, thanks to 10 years of growing debt, outmigration and a declining economy. This board would be tasked with ending a fiscal free-fall that has been driven by a combination of federal tax policy, economic regulations, local financial mismanagement and a bloated public sector.
Were it not for Puerto Rico's opaque accounting practices, we may have seen this coming in time to avoid such dire circumstances and such a drastic solution. The territory 's crisis is uniquely rooted in 75 years of misguided U.S. policy interventions, but it still holds lessons for all of the states in the union.
Like the 50 states, Puerto Rico issues a Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR) each year to disclose its short- and long-run finances. Ideally these reports provide policymakers and the public with a clear picture of a government's current position, underlying risks and future trends. In reality, even many policymakers lack the expertise to use these complicated documents.
The information is right in front of us, but if we don't pay attention, we risk missing the warning signs of the next state or territorial fiscal crisis. In the newest edition of the Mercatus Center's state fiscal rankings, Olivia Gonzalez and I take the most recent CAFR (from FY 2014) from each state and Puerto Rico, sort the comparable data and rank their fiscal health.
Not surprisingly, Puerto Rico ranks dead last. It has little cash to keep the lights on in the short-term. Its revenues only cover 88 percent of its yearly expenses. And the island's total debt exceeds its GDP by 13 percent.
Right above Puerto Rico in the rankings are Connecticut (50), Massachusetts (49), New Jersey (48), Illinois (47) and Kentucky (46). Their fiscal numbers are not quite as alarming as Puerto Rico's, though they also have little ready cash on hand. Each has a troublesome long-running habit of issuing debt to cover ongoing spending, along with a history of underfunding pensions. Several northeastern states are also dependent on the financial sector for revenue, exposing them to industry swings.
To be sure, these states have comparatively manageable debt and are on better footing than Puerto Rico. But they have something big in common: The faulty accounting that plagues Puerto Rico's financial statements also obscures the full costs and risks of U.S. pension systems.
Economists continue to stress that U.S. pensions are understating their debts by almost $2 trillion. Fiscal health depends not only on economic resiliency, but on how a government measures and manages its fiscal resources. With poor accounting, it's possible for any state to gradually slip from sound to unstable.
When viewed in context (like rankings), CAFRs can tell us a lot. Digging deeper tells us even more.
Two of the top five states — Alaska (1) and North Dakota (4) — are flush with cash, revenues and assets. But they are highly dependent on oil revenues to cover spending. Shortly after their FY 2014 financial reports were published, oil prices started their plunge from $100 per barrel to the current level near $50. That translates into a significant drop in revenues, which they rely on to cover their spending.
Alaska ranks first, but only due to a reserve fund that is projected to dwindle in the coming years, meaning something has to give. State spending accounted for 28 percent of residents' personal income in fiscal 2014, which is double the U.S. average of 13 percent. Now, Alaska has a multi-billion-dollar deficit to close, and lawmakers are considering reducing the resource rebate given to residents, re-instituting the income tax and rolling back oil and gas tax credits.
The rest of the top five, Nebraska, Wyoming and South Dakota are on better footing, though like all states, they have room to improve.
So how does a state know when it hits the fiscal point of no return? As Alaska proves, it is possible to be flush with cash in one year and scrambling to close a budget deficit the next. Even if CAFRs only tell us so much, financial reporting is not just a paper exercise. We must use them as tools to solve problems before they leap off the balance sheet and into residents' lives, rather than as a post-mortem.
Savitar is a fictional supervillain published by DC Comics. An immensely powerful speedster that leads a cult dedicated to the Speed Force, they have battled Wally West, Jay Garrick, and Barry Allen.
The character appears on The CW's live-action television series The Flash, voiced by Tobin Bell and portrayed by Grant Gustin.
Publication history [ edit ]
Savitar first appeared in Flash (vol. 2) #108 (December 1995), and was created by Mark Waid and Oscar Jimenez.[1][2]
Fictional character biography [ edit ]
Savitar was originally an unnamed pilot for a third-world nation who was to test a supersonic fighter jet during the Cold War. As they reached top speed, their plane was struck by what appeared to be lightning and they went down in hostile territory. Discovering they could defeat the enemy by moving at super-speed, they became obsessed, naming themselves after the Hindu "god of motion" Savitr and dedicating their life to unlocking its secrets. As they studied, Savitar discovered new powers that no other living speedster has mastered. They can protect themselves in a null-inertia force field, give speed and kinetic energy to objects or people, even those in a "rest state", and they could also heal their own injuries almost instantly.
Savitar's obsession gained followers, and they became the leader of a cult. In search of more knowledge, they sought out the only super-speed hero operating at the time: Johnny Quick. This encounter became a battle, the tide of which was turned with Max Mercury's arrival leading Savitar toward the Speed Force, but causing them to bounce off, both speedsters being thrown forward in time.[3] Emerging from the timestream before Savitar, Max Mercury became a mentor to the Flash family's various members and other speedsters, secretly preparing them against the day Savitar would exit the timestream.
Reappearing decades later, Savitar found that their cult had grown in their absence, awaiting their return. They recruited former Blue Trinity member Lady Flash (Christina Alexandrova), and discovered a way to use the woman's speed to divert all energy from the Speed Force to their own army of ninjas. They then sought to eliminate the competition: Kid Flash (Wally West), Impulse, Golden Age Flash (Jay Garrick), Johnny Quick, Jesse Quick, XS and Max Mercury.
Wally's direct Speed Force connection prevented Savitar from stealing Wally's speed, and a coalition of just about every speedster (except for Red Trinity) foiled their plans. Hell-bent on at least destroying the Flash's world in retribution, Savitar led Wally on a worldwide race of destruction, until the Flash chose to give Savitar what they wanted: union with the Speed Force. Their earlier encounter had shown them that the others who had arrived before would deal with Savitar as they saw fit.
In The Flash Rebirth mini-series, Savitar was able to escape from the Speed Force. They were run down by the Flash (Barry Allen) but Savitar disintegrates when the Flash touches him, leaving only a pile of bones.[4] It is revealed that Professor Zoom altered Barry's Speed Force connection to make the Flash shift in reverse, cursed to kill every Speed Force user with a single touch until a conflict between the Flash and Zoom.[5] Savitar, Lady Savitar (Christina Alexandrova) and Johnny Quick have been killed by this effect.[6][7]
In September 2011, The New 52 rebooted DC's continuity where parts of Savitar's origin are used in the Top's origin.[original research?]
In DC Rebirth, Troia (a version of Donna Troy from an alternate future) recalls that Wally was killed by either Savitar or Brother Blood from that time.[8]
Powers and abilities [ edit ]
Savitar can move at super-speed, and is able to lend or steal speed from moving objects. They have accelerated healing due to increased metabolism and can generate a full Inertia force field.
In other media [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
A heavily adapted iteration of Savitar appears in The CW's live-action television series The Flash as season three's main antagonist, voiced by Tobin Bell and portrayed by Grant Gustin. Stuntman Andre Tricoteux portrayed Savitar's powered armor, and both Nicholas Gonzalez and Vanessa A. Williams portrayed impersonations of Dante Ramon and Francine West respectively.
Savitar is a time remnant (temporal duplicate) of Barry Allen/The Flash from a possible future with no loved ones and has embraced their dark side. Their origins are a predestination paradox; they are a temporal duplicate of the Flash's future self to help fight Savitar. Although Savitar is defeated, the time remnant is spared but shunned by Barry's friends and family for being an aberration, thus goes back in time to set in motion their own creation. Naming themselves after the Hindu god of motion, they are worshipped by their own cult as the multiverse's first metahuman with speed. Long-held myths reference Savitar throughout the multiverse with even Jay Garrick/The Flash believing these stories, and Abra Kadabra's timeline regarding Savitar as a nemesis worse than the Reverse-Flash, Zoom and the Thinker. Savitar manipulates Julian Albert into acquiring the Philosopher's Stone, through which Doctor Alchemy can re-empower metahumans from the Flashpoint timeline for their arrival. Savitar manipulates Wally West/Kid Flash into freeing them from their prison in the Speed Force, and convinces Killer Frost to be a personal enforcer. When Savitar reveals their true identity to Barry, it forces their younger self to confront their own dark impulses and temptations. Savitar's plan of Iris West's murder before Barry (which would result in their own creation) is ultimately ruined when H.R. Wells (Earth-19) impersonates Iris. To save himself, Savitar manipulates Vibe in order to fragment themselves throughout all of the Speed Force and then goads their original self to give into dark impulses much like himself. But both efforts are foiled by Team Flash and Savitar is erased from existence after being shot by their intended victim. In season five, Savitar has a cameo appearance when Barry and Nora West-Allen time travel to season three's timeframe and observe their final battle.
SANDY, Utah – When the 2013 season is in the books, the Portland Timbers' biggest goal of the year just might have come in a loss.
Indeed, Frederic Piquionne's 94th-minute header on Sunday in Portland's 4-2 loss to Real Salt Lake in the first leg of the Western Conference Championship at Rio Tinto Stadium may just save the Timbers' season. At the very least, it gives the Timbers a breath of life heading into the second leg in the Rose City on Nov. 24 down just two goals rather than three.
“The reality is, three is a whole other ball game,” Timbers defender Jack Jewsbury told reporters. “Two is doable.”
Jewsbury knows what he's talking about. The MLS veteran actually did it before when they played for the then-Kansas City Wizards. It was 2004, and in the first leg of the Western Conference Semifinals, Kansas City lost 2-0 in San Jose before turning around and winning 3-0 at home.
That year, Kansas City went on to play in the MLS Cup final.
“I think if nothing else, it kind of puts a sour taste in their mouths at the end of the game and you realize now that if we get one at home then all of a sudden it becomes very, very interesting,” Jewsbury said. “So we feel confident moving forward. Obviously not the result we had hoped for coming in, but we realize that with the group we have in this locker room, two goals is very doable.”
It certainly punctuated a night of highs and lows for Portland.
They jumped out on top with a 14th-minute free kick from team captain Will Johnson, who previously played at RSL before coming to Portland this season. But the Claret-and-Cobalt scored four unanswered goals to take an ominous 4-1 lead going into stoppage time.
“There's not a guy in this locker room who believes our season is over right now,” Johnson told reporters. “So we're going to go there with our fans and our fight, and we're going to fight.”
Timbers head coach Caleb Porter actually said he's “looking forward to seeing how aggressive and proactive we are in pushing this game.” They have good reason: Portland have scored three or more goals seven times this season.
“Last goal was huge, that was big, because we've come back from two goals quite a bit this year actually,” Porter said. “You look it as a 2-0 lead, and if we get that first goal we're going to make this thing interesting.
"And there's no doubt about it, every guy in that locker room, coaching staff, we all believe we can turn this thing around and win this series.”
Dan Itel covers the Timbers for MLSsoccer.com.
Many Americans are tired about not getting a straight answer out of politicians, and often this has come because of the media's willingness to twist and turn every statement. Americans want straight talk and simple answers, because often they don't want to spend the time themselves researching the entire issue. Because of this we have entered into an age of blunt celebrities who have ditched basic common decency in the name of doing away with political correctness.
Famous celebrity turned politician Donald Trump's feud with Megyn Kelly escalated over the weekend when they said the Fox News host had "blood coming out of their wherever" at this week's Republican debate, resulting in swift condemnation from conservatives and a major political event pulling its invitation to him.
This all started during Thursday's presidential debate, Kelly asked Trump a question "Mr. Trump, one of the things people love about you is you speak your mind and you don't use a politician's filter. However, that is not without its downsides, in particular, when it comes to women.
You've called women you don't like "fat pigs, dogs, slobs, and disgusting animals."
Trump responded with " Only Rosie O'Donnell."
Kelly responded to that it was not only Rosie O'Donnell, and that their comments about women had been about several people on Twitter. "Your Twitter account has several disparaging comments about women's looks. You once told a contestant on Celebrity Apprentice it would be a pretty picture to see them on their knees. Does that sound to you like the temperament of a man we should elect as president, and how will you answer the charge from Hillary Clinton, who was likely to be the Democratic nominee, that you are part of the war on women?"
Trump's response: "I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct.
I've been challenged by so many people, and I don't frankly have time for total political correctness. And to be honest with you, this country doesn't have time either. This country is in big trouble. We don't win anymore. We lose to China. We lose to Mexico both in trade and at the border. We lose to everybody.
And frankly, what I say, and oftentimes it's fun, it's kidding. We have a good time. What I say is what I say. And honestly Megyn, if you don't like it, I'm sorry. I've been very nice to you, although I could probably maybe not be, based on the way you have treated me. But I wouldn't do that.
But you know what, we -- we need strength, we need energy, we need quickness and we need brain in this country to turn it around. That, I can tell you right now."
So after literally just saying they wouldn't do that, they spent the next few hours on Twitter attacking them
That wasn't enough though, they went on CNN the next day and said:
"You could see there was blood coming out of their eyes," and continued that they had "Blood coming out of them wherever."
Trump is not backing down from their statements and is even asking for Megyn Kelly for an apology.
There is a difference between not being politically correct and not having basic decency. Calling someone a bimbo because they asked you tough questions and implying they were menstruating is shameful. I would be absolutely ashamed if they were the nominee for the Republican party. My grandfather and father knew better than to talk about a woman like that, and so will my sons someday.
Now if this were their only instance or issue where they have done something that was uncalled for, untrue or disgraceful, that might be one thing, but from the moment they decided to run for president they have made disparaging remarks about individuals within our nation. During their announcement speech they said: " When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people."
They repeated this during the debate and the claim that the Mexican government is sending the worst ones here has been debunked multiple times.
Washington, Jefferson, Adams, Lincoln and Reagan would never have made any of these statements, and especially would never have spoken about women that way. Why should we seriously be considering a such presidential candidate to place into their ranks?
This isn't a contest to see who can be the loudest and most outrageous person. We are working to elect the leader of our nation. This man will be the leader of our armed forces. They will be our chief diplomat in foreign affairs. We need someone who has experience bringing people together rather than another leader who will drive people apart.
Do they think Iran will go easy on him? Surely Russia and North Korea won't. If they think this was a tough line of questioning they will love the press corps. This is not a place for amateurs, and Donald Trump is an amateur. What experience do they have accomplishing anything without a contractual obligation or monetary incentive. We can't have a president throwing a tantrum on Twitter when something doesn't go theirs way.
People are angry that Washington isn't working, and they keep asking why this is. Part of the answer I have for them is that Washington was never meant to work quickly. Obamacare was passed quickly, the Constitution was not. Each great legislative achievement we have seen in our country has been the result of compromise from seasoned legislators.
Trump may have struck a chord, but they are not the answer to our problems. Again I ask the question Megyn Kelly did:
Does that sound to you like the temperament of a man we should elect as president?
After their comments about Megyn Kelly, it's clear it's a time to dump Trump.
Red Sox principal owner John Henry responded Wednesday to a Yahoo! Sports story that ran Tuesday reporting that Red Sox players had tried to get manager Bobby Valentine fired.
The Yahoo! report detailed a supposed meeting between ownership and players in July in New York in which players “blasted” Valentine to ownership.
Here is the email response Henry sent to the media in its entirety.
First of all for more than a decade we have had a code among players, staff and ownership that our meetings are private and do not leave the room. There is one reason for that. It enables all of us to openly discuss important issues. For more than a decade not one person in any of those meetings has gone to the media with private information. Over the decade we have made great strides as a result of these meetings in a number of ways including improvement in training facilities, protocols, safety, resources, travel issues, clubhouse issues and trust within a cooperative framework. But more than anything else these meetings have been about the same thing the meeting in New York was about — what it takes to win — what can we all do to improve our ability to win?
About this time eight years ago we had one such meeting. It closely resembled the meeting in New York. Both were meetings I asked for. And both quickly went to the point — what do we need to do to turn things around. We held three meetings in New York — separating groups so as to have frank discussions about what was wrong.
What Tom, Larry and I heard in the player meeting was one overriding sentiment. Players felt responsible for the record. They weren't blaming injuries or anyone but themselves. At the same time they openly spoke about what could improve in addition to their play. They made substantive points. We addressed those points. No one in that meeting at any time took the position that Bobby should be or needed to be replaced.
I understand that when the team isn't playing up to our standards that issues are going to be sensationalized. But what is important for Red Sox fans to know is that ownership, players and all staff especially Bobby Valentine are determined to turn around what has thus far been an unacceptable, failed season. We are all on the same page in that regard and will not waver.
Pin Email
On April 19th, 2017, Noah Salasnek passed away after a long battle with cancer. In the days that followed, scenes of their shifty backside 180 entered and departed my consciousness. Still images of their tweaked nosebones resurfaced from the depths of memory. It made me think about the belief that cameras can take part of a person's soul and how, just maybe, Noah's is eternally in the mind of anyone who watched the magic of them riding a snowboard.
Noah entered snowboarding during the critical years of snowboarding's development in the early 1990s. One path led towards day-glo outerwear, hard boots, and essentially a continuation of ski culture. The other, an adaptation of skate style that would make snowboarding something completely its own. Noah was a pioneer of style, someone who drew countless individuals to this culture through their iconic video parts in Fall Line Films, Standard Films, and Mack Dawg Productions, and helped to immortalize the connection between skate and snow with the unforgettable skate truck graphic on their first pro model for Sims Snowboards.
To their friends and fans, Noah was larger than life. They embodied what it meant to be a snowboarder. We asked some of them to share their memories and reflections of a hero passed. If this is your first introduction to Noah, we hope you can see why they are regarded as a true great, on and off a board, and why the esteemed list below holds them in the highest regard.
Thank you Noah, for everything. — Jens Heig, Editor
Portrait by Dano Pendygrasse, action photography courtesy of Trevor Graves
Mike “Mack Dawg” McEntire, friend and founder of Mack Dawg Productions
“If you snowboard and do not know who Noah was, it is time to learn. Noah was a pro skater and a pro snowboarder. They could ride any transition on land or snow with ease. Their biggest and most important contribution was bringing skate style to snowboarding. They changed snowboarding for the better. Trust me, so much better.  They are among a small handful of elite riders who shaped the sport, and for that we should all give them thanks. They were the reason I got into snowboarding and had any interest in filming the sport at all. They made it look so good that I followed them around for years capturing and sharing what I was lucky enough see play out in front of my lens. They have passed, but the foundation that they laid down will live forever.
I met up with Noah a week or so before they passed away. We talked story for hours and laughed about all kinds of random stuff we used to get into. After that I headed out to help film Peace Park. Danny's picks for the event included a lot of really young riders who are making their way to the top. It was so cool to be reminded of the influence that Noah continues to have on snowboarding firsthand. It made me smile all week as I saw Noah's signature pokes, tweaks, and spins infused into the next generation of super shredders. They may have never heard of them but their riding sure has. This will be Noah's everlasting legacy in the sport. Each time someone gets in the air and puts skate style into their riding Noah will be looking down proudly. You did good Salaz. Thanks for making snowboarding look so freaking cool!”
Jeremy Jones, professional big mountain rider, activist
“Few riders had as wide of an influence on snowboarding as Noah. At the start it was their skate influence, then they led the charge on bringing freestyle into lines and finally, and maybe their largest influence, was what they did in Alaska. Their descent on Super Spines changed both skiing and snowboarding. It showed us spines were possible to ride and sent both skiers and riders on a spine hunting frenzy that is still happening today. I did not spend a ton of time with Noah but I was fortunate to be around them during this era. I was 19 and a no name and they were at the top of the sport and was leading the charge tactically and technically. They were so sharp, witty and the life of the party but also was very approachable and shared their knowledge.
This is the Noah I choose to remember. Smart, funny and totally committed to progression.”
Chris Roach, friend and professional rider
“It starts from how I met Noah. Their good friend Aaron Vincent and Eric Tervo were all from the Bay Area and Marin County. They were skateboarders. I saw them at Boreal, at nighttime, probably in ‘87 or' 88. It was like a breath of fresh air. They didn't even have their alpine skills, they were still developing snowboarding themselves, but they already had the skateboarding concepts with tranny and what you need for snowboarding. From that point on, snowboarding and skateboarding took over for him. It drove Noah. Their passion for making things better. They were always developing, they were always being creative and trying to squeeze the most out of something. With that drive, they pushed snowboarding and opened up a lot of doors. It was nice to watch them and be a part of something special. I didn't really have the support to do a lot of things. Noah made sure that they were always there to help out. “You're not missing this one, you have to go.” They were generous in that way. Their door was always open to people. That generosity, and their way when you would talk to him, they gave it to you. That's what I will miss the most from Noah. That light was bright in him.
Noah had the ability could touch so many just from their personality, their character, and being a great human. That's the gift, how you treat people, and how they did. Yeah, they were a great snowboarder and a great skateboarder, but they were a good friend. Pass that gratitude, love, and generosity on. That way you still have that feeling, connection, and touch. Pass on the gift. That's how we can remember him.
Noah did everything Noah's way. That's something that we all can't say. They did it their way. That was important to him, I know that. They went first. That's a nice thing when somebody can do that.”
Dale Rehberg friend and former professional rider
“Noah Salasnek, what a true leader they were in snowboarding. They were way ahead of the curve in the skate scene, they brought that to the snow, then they took everything next level by ruling crazy lines in AK. I looked up to them as a kid growing up in Wisconsin, and I looked up to them as I followed them around Squaw Valley later in life. It's sad to have lost such an icon of our sport at such a young age. Let's be sure not to forget who they were and what they did for the sport we all love. RIP Noah. You will never be forgotten.”
Roan Rogers, friend and former professional rider
“Noah was one of my heroes growing up in the Midwest. New Kids on the Twock was probably the most influential snowboard video of all time. This one video changed my life and set me on a path to be a snowboarder and to eventually make it to Tahoe. Squaw to be exact. The first time I meet Noah was in 1991 on a Mack Dawg trip to France. Noah was very down-to-earth, I knew then we would be great friends. I still remember their first trick on that trip, the most beautiful backside 720 I had ever seen. Noah was the king of Squaw and everyone wanted to ride with them but no one could keep up. They would skate full speed off the KT-22 lift and strap in as they were riding off into one of their favorite lines. Noah had a great sense of humor and was full of energy, they were super talented and was a natural at anything they tried. They will be forever missed and their legend will never die.”
Trevor Graves, photographer and friend
“One dies as one lives. What else can better prepare you to die than the way you live? The game is to be where you are as honestly, consciously, and as fully as you know how. Once you have awakened, you can't fully go back to sleep. Noah lived hard, rode hard with style and commitment. They were an originator and by being who they are, when they were in their prime of life, they influenced how snowboarders are today. They will never truly sleep because they are part of all of us in the community of snowboarding.”
Chris Bradshaw, professional rider
“I just hope they knew how many people they really touched in their time. I've been inspired by them from a young age, there were only a handful of guys filming anything available for the public to see at that time and they were one of the illest. Him and Roach were my Pippen an Jordan as a kid! Still have and watch my first shred vid The Western Front out of pure respect for the originators, to the point that my own son is named Noah after the love I have for shredding, which is greatly inspired by Salasnek. Rest in peace to a real one, thank you for everything over the years Noah. You will not be forgotten.”
JP Walker, professional rider
“I think a lot of people have that special moment when they first discover snowboarding and realize that they want to snowboard for the rest of their life. For me that moment came while watching Fall Line Films' Critical Condition. Even though I didn't know much about snowboarding at the time, I knew that this kid Noah Salasnek, who was a featured rider in the movie, was doing things on their board that looked completely different than the majority the other riders in the film. I instantly identified with them and the way they rode, and was quick to let anyone know that they were my favorite rider. Just in case it wasn't already apparent by my Noah pro board, floppy beanie, long blonde hair and goatee. They could do no wrong, never disappointed with their newest video parts and innovative riding. From the smallest most tech jibs, to psycho AK lines and everything in between, Noah still remains one the best all-around riders to ever do it. I've expressed this before, but my hope is that Noah realized how they inspired me and many others before they passed. RIP brother.”
Jeremy Jones, professional rider
“I never met Noah, not one time! Pretty crazy, considering how close I ended up working with Mack Dawg Productions. Noah's riding was something like no one else. They would surf cornices, then pop up top and “butter-the-muffin”, spin out of it, and tap a tree. It was beautiful… More or less, surfing, skating and snowboarding while snowboarding. Noah would simply terrorize a slope, rarely leaving it without being heavily jibbed all the way down. I drew influence from Noah more than any other pro. Noah showed you could do it all, just thrash it all, in total style! Noah was everything that snowboarding was meant to be and they brought it to the screen! We all as snowboarders should hold a deep gratitude and respect for this dude, even if for only the fact that snowboarding wouldn't be this way had Noah Salasnek not boarded.”
Further viewing:
Powder and Rails: Noah Salasnek part one and two
Noah Salasnek in Standard Films' TB2: A New Way of Thinking, 1992
Noah Salasnek in Mack Dawg Productions' Upping the Ante, 1993
(Reuters) - Stronger earnings by Citigroup Inc (C.N) show it is on the path to recovery but its broad presence in emerging markets, many of which are experiencing slowing economic growth, may temper investors' optimism.
Emerging markets have fueled two-thirds of Citigroup revenue growth for the last two years. The bank operates in about 100 countries globally, far more than most of its U.S. competitors, which means it can be hit by economic factors that shareholders know little about.
“If anything goes bump in the world, Citigroup may well have some exposure,” said Fred Cannon, an analyst at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
The slowdown in U.S. and European economies has made developing countries as a whole look riskier. So far this year, emerging market stocks, as measured by MSCI's index .MSCIEF, have declined about 12 percent, while the U.S. benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 index .SPX has gained about 15 percent.
China said on Monday its economy grew at an annualized rate of 7.5 percent in the second quarter, the ninth quarter in the last 10 in which expansion has weakened, which could spill over to other Asian nations as well as Latin American countries that sell resources to China.
Some of these growth concerns have started to show in Citigroup's results.
Credit losses in Latin American retail banking rose 51 percent to $204 million. The bank also decided to set aside more money to cover loan losses in markets including Latin America and Asia, in part because of more troubled corporate borrowers there.
The bank's loans to the three biggest Mexican homebuilders are an example of unanticipated risk. Geo (GEOB.MX), Urbi (URBI.MX), and Homex (HOMEX.MX) snatched up large tracts of land in ex-urban areas, but the Mexican government in February said it was more interested in lending to home buyers in urban areas. Now the companies are facing cash shortfalls and lawsuits.
The builders may end up doing just fine - the government said their land will still qualify for subsidies. Citigroup said that its loans are nearly 100 percent collateralized, and that its exposure to the loans is just about $300 million. It is monitoring the situation.
‘CHALLENGED' GROWTH
Chief Executive Michael Corbat, long a proponent of emerging markets, acknowledged that “growth is being challenged” there now. The bank got more than 40 percent of its revenue for the first half from developing nations.
Analysts said Citigroup's shares reflect the rising risk that investors see in the bank's exposure to developing countries. In trading from the end of May until Citigroup reported results, the company's shares fell 2.3 percent while the broader KBW banks index .BKX rose 4.7 percent.
To be sure, investors are hardly panicking. The bank's shares rose nearly 2 percent to $51.81 on Monday after it reported a 42 percent rise in second-quarter profit as trading revenue soared and losses from bad mortgages tapered.
Even if overall annual growth in emerging markets is dipping to about 4.7 percent, Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach said Citigroup still prefers their prospects to those of the United States, where growth could be just around 2 percent this year, and Western Europe, which might shrink.
Corbat said they are not reconsidering the bank's broad strategy of focusing on these areas, a notion that current and former executives privately confirm.
Veteran banking analyst Charles Peabody said earlier this month that emerging market problems could hit Citigroup in two ways: first by national economic slowdowns, and then by currency losses to the bank as nations cut interest rates to spur their economies.
Passersby walk in front of a Citibank branch in New York, October 16, 2012. REUTERS/Keith Bedford
“I don't mind emerging market currency risk as long as the growth prospects are there, but growth is decelerating, which is obviously forcing the easing of monetary policy, which is causing the currencies to decline,” Peabody said.
Put differently, the potential downsides to being heavily invested in emerging markets are as big as ever, while the upsides seem to be declining.
Emerging markets may be poised for greater growth than developed markets, Peabody said, “but getting from here to there is going to be very dicey.”
The US National Security Agency (NSA) eavesdrop on practically all communications from South American countries, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange told a Chilean media outlet on Tuesday.
“Ninety-eight percent of Latin American communications are intercepted by the NSA while passing through the United States to the world,” Julian Assange said in an interview with Chile's El Mostrador.
As for the giants like Facebook and Google, they have to cooperate with the US security services, the Australian journalist explained. Assange has spent the last three years in Ecuador's London embassy under threat of extradition to Sweden for questioning over allegations of sexual assault.
“They are physically in the United States and therefore under their legal jurisdiction, with coercive laws used to force them to deliver the information they are collecting,” Assange said.
There's a lack of financial motivation on the part of the IT giants to stop collecting private data, Assange noted.
"Google and Facebook are in the business of being a sort of spy agency. It's a business model. Collect all the information you can from as many people worldwide as possible, using free services," they said in a phone interview from the Embassy of Ecuador in London. “They make dossiers on each person in relation to their interests to make them more predictable and sell those profiles to advertisers. That's the business."
At the weekend, WikiLeaks published another batch of secret documents. This cache dealt with the US eavesdropping on the cell phones and other communications of 29 leading Brazilian government and economic officials, including President Dilma Roussef.
US a surveillance superpower spying on foes & allies alike – Assange http://t.co/HfigHhpuUVpic.twitter.com/GbnGyJ0cnq — RT (@RT_com) June 28, 2015
Information about the NSA wiretapping the Brazilian president's communications first emerged in 2013.
“What has happened in Latin America over the last 10 years is important not only for its inhabitants but also for the rest of the world,” Assange said. “There are positive and negative examples, but Latin America's independence from the United States is undeniable,” they added.
Eamonn McCann: Why the US is up in arms over WikiLeaks BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Wikileaks founder Julian Assange will be lucky to get out alive. The fanatics are in full cry against him. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/columnists/archive/eamonn-mccann/eamonn-mccann-why-the-us-is-up-in-arms-over-wikileaks-28576920.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/migration_catalog/article25769362.ece/57083/AUTOCROP/h342/eamonnMcCann
Email
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange will be lucky to get out alive. The fanatics are in full cry against him.
Sarah Palin likens them to Osama bin Laden and wants them "hunted down". New York Republican Peter King demands Wikileaks be declared a terrorist organisation. In mainstream newspapers, Conservative commentator Jonah Goldberg apparently urges Assange's assassination, although they deny that's what they were doing.
The reason for their rage is that they are desperate to keep Americans in the dark. It's not the people of Saudi Arabia that they want left in ignorance of the Saudi role in financing global terrorism, but the people of their own land.
"Saudi Arabia remains a critical financial support base for Al Qaida, the Taliban, LeT (Lashkar-e-Taiba) and other terrorist groups," said Hillary Clinton in a memo issued last December.
Other WikiLeaks documents show that Lashkar-e-Taiba - the Pakistan-based Sunni group behind the 2008 Mumbai attack - is funded virtually entirely from Saudi Arabia. And yet, according to Clinton 12 months ago, "It (remains) a challenge to persuade Saudi officials to treat (terrorist funding) as a strategic priority."
Let us imagine for a moment that Iran rather than Saudi Arabia had been revealed as the main source of funding for Al Qaida, the Taliban, Lashkar-e-Taiba etc. Does anyone doubt that Clinton would be thumping the lectern at a State Department Press conference, explaining that America's patience had run out and announcing that the bombers were winging their way even now towards Tehran to eliminate the threat to world peace? And anybody who voiced protest would be ridiculed as hopelessly naive or denounced as an outrider of evil?
The State Department documents tell that another close US ally in the region, the United Arab Emirates, is a source of substantial funds to the Afghan Taliban and the terrorist Haqqanmi Network. Two senior Taliban officials are said to travel regularly to the UAE to launder money through front companies.
Then there's Kuwait. Kuwait owes the US big-time. The first Gulf War was undertaken in 1991 to expel Saddam's armies from the statelet and put the al-Sabah family back in power. This was achieved at some cost in blood as well as treasure.
Now, however, according to documents from Clinton's department, Kuwait is a "source of funds and a key transit point" for Al Qaida and similar groups. The al-Sabahs crack down hard on any attacks on its own soil, but are "less inclined to take action against Kuwait-based financiers and facilitators plotting attacks outside of Kuwait".
The Kuwait regime has airily dismissed State Department pleas to ban the Revival of Islamic Heritage Society which masquerades as a charity but has been denounced by the US as a terrorist organisation channelling money and material to Al Qaida and Lashkar-e-Taiba.
However, the Gulf country singled out by the State Department as "the worst in the region" when it comes to combating terrorism is 2022 World Cup hosts Qatar.
Four leading sources of support for global terrorism on the Arabian peninsula: Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Kuwait, Qatar.
Top four US allies on the Arabian peninsula: Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Kuwait, Qatar.
Herein lies the reason for the foam-flecked anger of Palin, Clinton, King etc. The public, and particularly the American public, have been given a glimpse of the relationship between the Washington administration and the Arab States, a real insight into how the US chooses its allies, its enemies and its targets for attack.
They don't bear scrutiny. They bear no relationship to the guff about national security, peace in the world and such palaver as comes from Obama - just as it came from Bush and the other Clinton before them and the other Bush before that - as they whip up support for their wars.
Hence their demented, near-comical efforts to prevent Americans laying eyes on the WikiLeaks material. The Department of Defence has ordered hundreds of thousands of federal employees not to look at the documents even if they fall on the desk in front of them.
On Saturday, a spokesperson for Obama said that while it wasn't an offence for government employees to read newspaper articles based on the material, they must immediately notify their "information security offices" if they come across a hard copy of any of the documents.
Students at the Colombia School of International and Public Affairs were told yesterday that they'd harm their chances of ever working in a government job if they became aware of someone spreading the documents online and failed to intervene to stop them. The Sarkosy government has called on all French companies and organisations to break links with WikiLeaks. In what Assange has aptly described as "the privatisation of state censorship", both Amazon and eBay-owned PayPal have terminated their links to WikiLeaks.
The most significant aspect is how implacably determined they are to keep the American people ignorant of what is being said and done in their name. Not that things are any different on this side of the Atlantic, of course.
Ads support the website by covering server and domain costs. We're just a group of gamers here, like you, doing what we love to do: playing video games and bringing y'all niche goodness. So, if you like what we do and want to help us out, make an exception by turning off AdBlock for our website. In return, we promise to keep intrusive ads, such as pop-ups, off oprainfall. Thanks, everyone!
By Michael Fontanini / July 19th, 2016
Eiji Aonuma has been very close to The Legend of Zelda series for quite some time now. They have worked on a number of games in the Zelda series over the years. Aonuma themselves revealed in an interview with EDGE that Nintendo would like them to create a new intellectual property. Zelda fans need not worry, though, as Nintendo wants them to continue making new Zelda games as well. Either way, Aonuma is no doubt very busy with The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild for now.
In their interview with EDGE, Eiji Aonuma hinted at a game they might like to make:
“Actually, Nintendo has been telling me to create a new IP. But then, they're also telling me to make more Zelda games. I can't really share much; I'm not sure I'm allowed to say anything. But I really like the idea of a game where I can live as a thief. That's all I'll say.”
Aonuma worked at Nintendo for years before they ever worked on the Zelda series. Their earliest projects included things like graphic design, creating sprites for NES games. They would also go on to become the Director of Development for Marvelous: Mouhitotsu no Takarajim in 1996. It was after this that they were recruited to join the Zelda team, spending several years as a lead designer. During this time, they worked on Ocarina of Time, Majora's Mask, and The Wind Waker. Once development of The Wind Waker had concluded, Eiji Aonuma seriously thought about moving on to other projects. But this was not to be, as the man who originally recruited them to the Zelda team convinced them otherwise. That man was none other than Shigeru Miyamoto.
Aonuma also co-founded a brass band in 1995 with four other people, in which they play percussion. Known as The Wind Wakers, the band consists of over 70 Nintendo employees. They play three or four concerts a year just for Nintendo employees.
SOURCE
About Michael Fontanini Michael is a veteran gamer in my early 30s, who grew up around video games, with fond memories of the oldies like the NES and SNES. They love Nintendo but also plays a lot of games on their PC. Michael also enjoys going for walks or bike rides, and loves animals.
Michael is also a computer programmer. This started with a toy they got as a kid called PreComputer 1000 that was made by V-Tech. It had a simple programming mode which is what started them down the road of being a programmer! Michael can program in BASIC, Visual Basic, C++, C#, and is familiar with Java and Lua Script.
Putting programming and gaming together, Michael became a hobbyist game developer which may give them some good insights on game development! Most recently, they have been playing with the free version of the Unity engine (a powerful and easy-to-use game engine).
I love Nintendo but I also play a lot of game's on PC, many of which are on steam. My favorite Nintendo game's include Zelda, Metroid, and Smash Bros to name a few. On PC I love the Half-Life games, as well as most all of the Source Engine games just to name a few.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Tumblr
AnimeShinbun
N4G
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
Last week we introduced a fairly simple method of rating team strength based on statistics derived from inside 50s, which correlate strongly with winning teams (the premier usually sits near the top of the pile in these measures). The ratings are three simple statistical ratios:
Midfield Score (inside 50 ratios)
Offence score (efficiency of inside 50 conversions)
Defensive score (inverted efficiency of opponent inside 50 conversions)
These measures are then adjusted for opposition strength and converted to a percentage relative to the league average, which are presented in table format below.
The above chart compares the opponent-adjusted Midfield and Offence scores. The further to the right a team is, the better their midfield (and other players) have been at generating inside 50s relative to stopping their opponents from having inside 50s. The Western Bulldogs, Geelong, Hawthorn, GWS, Sydney and West Coast shape as the strongest here.
The further up the team is, the stronger they have been at converting their own inside 50s into scoring shots and goals. Geelong, Hawthorn and GWS have been above average on this measure as well as being quite strong in their midfield. Adelaide, North Melbourne and Brisbane by contrast have been below league average in generating entries inside the arcs, but the most efficient (along with GWS) at scoring from them.
Now let's look at defence:
This chart instead compares inside 50 ratios with a team's ability to stop scores. The midfield score is the same as the above chart. We can say, then, that the further to the right a team is, the less inside 50s they have conceded relative to the ones they've generated themselves. The higher a team is, the lower the conversion rate their opponents have had from their own inside 50s.
Comparing to the above chart we can see that of the six teams with the strongest midfield scores, only GWS and Geelong rate as above average on both their forward and defensive efficiency. Sydney appears as far stronger defensively and with a mediocre offence while Hawthorn's decent forward efficiency is balanced by a much weaker defence.
Note also how much Brisbane – with a Forward score rivalling Adelaide and North Melbourne – suffer on the defensive side, relative to those clubs.
The full tables
Below are the full sets of figures and an overall ranking, where we can see the above information along with how opponent strength has impacted it:
With their above average ratings in all three categories, GWS and Geelong currently look the strongest sides.
In terms of opposition, we can see that Hawthorn, Brisbane and Fremantle's ratings all benefits from having faced strong sets of opponents. For example Brisbane's 0.81 Midfield score is dragged up to 0.95 by the strength of their opponents in midfield, while their forward potency is increased substantially by the league-strongest defensive opponents they've faced. That is to say, Brisbane have been generating scoring opportunities at an above average rate, but the strength of the opponents defence improves that rating further still.
On the other side of the equation we can see that West Coast and Bulldogs' relatively weak schedule hurts their ratings and that Geelong, North Melbourne, GWS and Sydney have faced a pretty average slate overall.
Lastly here are the movements from last week. At this stage of the year the movements are fairly volatile, affected as they are not only by a team's performance but that of their opponents:
Melbourne, who we rated last week as fairly literally average, drop badly on a poor performance against St Kilda, falling a full 5 places after a 3% drop in overall rating. Their set of opponents have now had the weakest midfield scores in the league, devaluing their own Midfield rating.
Port Adelaide by contrast is a big riser – GWS and Geelong's superb form has adjusted how we rate their past schedule, and they had a solid win as well.
Sydney's rating falls the most of any side on the back of a close win against a Brisbane side which continues to be rated well below average in its midfield and defence. They do however remain as the third strongest side thanks to a league-best rating for defending inside 50s, and a strong midfield generating a good inside 50 ratios. So far at least, those two strengths have masked Sydney's average inside 50 conversion efficiency – winning by sheer volume of opportunity .
GWS and Geelong jump the Swans with big movements of their own and sit virtually even at this stage at 115.5% of league average on these scores.
Advertisements
Since July, state-affiliated media in Iran has publicized the Yemeni Houthi movement's use of a model of the Zelzal-3, an Iranian rocket. Iranian media and the Houthis (officially known as Ansar Allah), however, insist that this model has been produced “indigenously” in Yemen. While prominent government officials in Tehran regularly tout their political support for Ansar Allah, they often reject the charge of military assistance to their campaign. Moreover, despite ambiguity over the degree to which Tehran can control Ansar Allah, the Islamic Republic's military aid to the group is readily apparent, and has been noted by senior American officials. As such, Ansar Allah's display and deployment of rockets that feature the same name and number as Iranian rockets further serves to strengthen those ties.
The Zelzal, meaning “earthquake” in Persian and Arabic, is a type of unguided, mobile Iranian artillery rocket. The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) produced the Zelzal platform during Iran-Iraq War (1980-1988), and is reportedly one of the first rockets ever fired by Tehran during the conflict. Although some analysts classify it and the larger Zelzal family as a short-range ballistic missile, Iranian sources attest that it is a surface-to-surface, solid-fueled, “short-range rocket.” The Zelzal comes in three different forms, and can travel upwards of 300 km with a warhead that can “shower” its target with sub-munition payloads. Iran publicly debuted the Zelzal-3 at a military parade in 2007.
Ansar Allah's Zelzal-3 may be a variant of the original Iranian version. A closer look at the Zelzal-3 that the Houthis claim to have domestically produced does not appear to exactly match the Iranian Zelzals. The former have larger fins and shorter bodies, while the Iranian model is longer and can be fired from rail launchers. Iranian media nonetheless has not been shy about highlighting the successful launching of several Zelzals towards southern Saudi Arabia just this past week.
The Zelzal may not be the first rocket or missile platform that links Tehran to Ansar Allah. In December 2015, the Houthis revealed the Qaher-1 ballistic missile. According to Janes, this was based off of the Soviet S-75 (SA-2), a surface-to-air missile long present in Yemen. While the IRGC-affiliated Tasnim News Agency ran a lengthy article praising Ansar Allah for developing this missile, it also denied Iranian military support to the endeavor, claiming that the blockade surrounding Yemen rendered transfers of such technology impossible. As early as 2014, however, Iran had developed a model of the SA-2, and called it the “Sayyad.”
Iran has a history of reverse-engineering projectiles, as well as providing some of these model to its allies. Yet, considering the above-mentioned blockade, the method for transferring the weapon remains unclear. The most likely scenario would involve the IRGC, which may have provided know-how through either the Qods Force or Hezbollah, though the former leads all extraterritorial operations for the IRGC, which in turn produces missiles and oversees Iran's missile command. In May 2015, U.S. intelligence officials affirmed that both the Qods Force and Hezbollah are active in Yemen. The Qods Force deputy commander Esmail Gha'ani themselves has proclaimed that Houthi rebels have been trained “under the flag of the Islamic Republic.” Hezbollah reportedly operates a “train-and-equip program” there.
There is a precedent for the IRGC's proliferation of the Zelzal platform to militias. Iran previously transferred the technology and know-how to deploy the Zelzal-2, a 610 mm variant of the original Zelzal, to IRGC proxies, such as Lebanese Hezbollah and Palestinian Islamic Jihad. The Guard has also equipped Hezbollah with other model of IRGC-produced rockets and missiles. In July, the deputy commander of the IRGC, Hossein Salami, exclaimed that Hezbollah possessed a stockpile of more than “100,000 missiles.” The history of Iranian missile transfer to allies, along with the Iranian media's brandishing of the successful firing of the Zelzal-3, suggests that the IRGC or its proxies are implicated in the provision of either material or know-how for the latest rocket used by Ansar Allah in the Arabian Peninsula.
Zelzal-3 triple launcher during a 2012 military parade in Tehran.
Zelzal-3 fired during IRGC's Great Prophet VI military exercise.
Behnam Ben Taleblu is a Senior Iran Analyst at Foundation for Defense of Democracies. Amir Toumaj is a Research Analyst at Foundation for Defense of Democracies.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
Introduction
League Win Rate Popularity Bronze / Silver 38.3% (48th) 26.8% Gold / Platinum 48.3% (47th) 18.9% Diamond / Master 51.1% (59th) 10.1% Overall 46.6% (56th) 16.9%
Base Kit Changes
Version Lvl 1 Lvl 4 Lvl 7 Lvl 10 Lvl 13 Lvl 16 Lvl 20 Original (3 HP per tick) 3 4 4 4 5 6 7 Current (2 HP per tick) 2 2 3 3 3 4 4 Proposed (3 HP per tick) 3 4 4 4 5 6 7
Version Lvl 1 Lvl 4 Lvl 7 Lvl 10 Lvl 13 Lvl 16 Lvl 20 Original (8 ticks per second) 24 32 32 32 40 48 56 Current (8 ticks per second) 16 16 24 24 24 32 32 Proposed (6 ticks per second) 18 24 24 24 30 36 42
Version Lvl 1 Lvl 4 Lvl 7 Lvl 10 Lvl 13 Lvl 16 Lvl 20 Original (15 HP per tick) 15 17 19 22 24 28 32 Current (15 HP per tick) 15 17 19 22 24 28 32 Proposed (20 HP per tick) 20 23 26 29 33 37 43
Version Lvl 1 Lvl 4 Lvl 7 Lvl 10 Lvl 13 Lvl 16 Lvl 20 Original (8 ticks per second) 360 408 456 528 576 672 768 Current (8 ticks per second) 360 408 456 528 576 672 768 Proposed (6 ticks per second) 360 414 468 522 594 666 774
Talent Changes
Talent Popularity Win Rate We Move Together 52.4% 47.3% Maximum Tempo 18.4% 45.1% Accelerando 24.5% 46.9% Slip 4.7% 42%
Talent Popularity Win Rate Subwoofer 32.6% 46.4% Off the Wall 3.6% 45.4% Chase the Bass 60.3% 46.7%
Talent Popularity Win Rate Party Mix 77.4% 47% Sonic Amplifier 17.4% 45.1% Boombox 5.2% 44.4%
Talent Popularity Win Rate Sound Barrier 94.2% 46.6% Reverse Amp 5.8% 49.5%
Talent Popularity Win Rate Rejuvenescência 77.6% 52.7% Bring it Together 19.2% 51.5% Up the Frequency 3.2% 52.1%
Version Lvl 16 Lvl 20 Current @ 3500 HP (average Assassin health) 984 total healing
@ 41 per tick 1080 total healing
@ 45 per tick Current @ 5000 HP (average Warrior health) 1104 total healing
@ 46 per tick 1224 total healing
@ 51 per tick Proposed @ 3500 HP (average Assassin health) 936 total healing
@ 52 per tick 1044 total healing
@ 58 per tick Proposed @ 5000 HP (average Warrior health) 1044 total healing
@ 58 per tick 1152 total healing
@ 64 per tick
Version Lvl 16 Lvl 20 Current w/ 0-1 allies (0% bonus healing) 672 total healing
@ 28 per tick 768 total healing
@ 32 per tick Current w/ 2+ allies (45% bonus healing) 960 total healing
@ 40 per tick 1128 total healing
@ 47 per tick Proposed w/ 1 ally (15% bonus healing) 774 total healing
@ 43 per tick 900 total healing
@ 50 per tick Proposed w/ 2 allies (30% bonus healing) 864 total healing
@ 48 per tick 1008 total healing
@ 56 per tick Proposed w/ 3 allies (45% bonus healing) 972 total healing
@ 54 per tick 1134 total healing
@ 63 per tick Proposed w/ 4 allies (60% bonus healing) 1062 total healing
@ 59 per tick 1260 total healing
@ 70 per tick
Conclusion (TL;DR)
A mentally ill drug addict. With a criminal history. Of course. How could this possibly be terrorism? Notice, however, buried deep in this report, a most interesting detail: “Second man arrested at the scene was filing [sic] the incident and had a bag containing knives.” They aren't filing, they were filming. What kind of mentally ill drug addict decides to drive a car into pedestrians and gets a buddy to fill a bag with knives and come down and film the act? Clearly the filming was for jihad video; we have seen other jihad terrorists, such as Mohamed Merah, who massacred people at a Jewish school in France a few years ago, film their acts so that jihadis can enjoy the bloodshed and recruit others to the cause. If Australian authorities think this wasn't terrorism, but just more of the global outbreak of mental illness, they're whistling in the dark.
Last June, the Islamic State published a poster depicting an SUV driving over a heap of skulls and bearing the legend “Run Over Them Without Mercy.”
And the Islamic State issued this call in September 2014:
So O muwahhid, do not let this battle pass you by wherever you may be. You must strike the soldiers, patrons, and troops of the tawaghit. Strike their police, security, and intelligence members, as well as their treacherous agents. Destroy their beds. Embitter their lives for them and busy them with themselves. If you can kill a disbelieving American or European — especially the spiteful and filthy French — or an Australian, or a Canadian, or any other disbeliever from the disbelievers waging war, including the citizens of the countries that entered into a coalition against the Islamic State, then rely upon Allah, and kill them in any manner or way however it may be….If you are not able to find an IED or a bullet, then single out the disbelieving American, Frenchman, or any of their allies. Smash their head with a rock, or slaughter them with a knife, or run them over with your car , or throw them down from a high place, or choke him, or poison him….
“LIVE: Melbourne incident the act of mentally ill drug addict,” by Chip Le Grand,Tessa Akerman, Samantha Hutchinson, Paul Maley, and Paul Johnson, The Australian, December 21, 2017:
19 people were injured and several hospitalised including a small child when a driver with a history of drug use and mental issues mowed them down on Flinders St, in melbourne's [sic] CBD. Police have suggested that terrorism was not at play.
Nineteen people have been taken to hospital following a deliberate attack on a Melbourne intersection in which a rogue driver ran a red light and mowed down pedestrians.
Victoria Police revealed that fifteen of the victims are in a stable condition, and another four are in a critical condition.
Among those hospitalised are the 32-year-old driver of the car used in the attack and the off-duty police officer who arrested him.
The man who mowed down and injured 19 pedestrians in what police described as a ‘deliberate act', in Melbourne's CBD, at the intersection of Flinders and Elizabeth streets is believed to be a drug addict with a history of mental health problems.
The Australian understands the attack, which occurred at 4.41pm in the heart of downtown Melbourne, is not being treated as terrorism.
Rather, the driver is thought to be a mentally ill man with a history of addiction to the drug ice.
The driver is receiving treatment for injuries they sustained when police dragged them from the car and handcuffed them in the wake of the pre-Christmas attack.
The off-duty sergeant sustained hand and shoulder injuries when they jumped in to restrain the driver after their car crashed into a tram stop. Acting Commissioner Shane Patton described them as a hero.
Police have ruled out terror as a motive, but have said they will continue to work with counterterrorism throughout the investigation.
“We don't have at this time any evidence or intelligence to indicate a connection with terrorism,” Acting Commissioner Shane Patton said. “Having said that we continue to support this investigation with the counter terror command.”
Mr Patton said a second man who was arrested at the scene is not believed to be connected with the car attack.
They said the second man had come under suspicion because they were filming the incident and was later found to have three knives in a bag.
Police said it was likely they would be exonerated.
The driver of the car was known to police, who said that they had a history of mental health issues and was on a mental health plan and had drug issues.
The driver also has historical assault charges from 2010 and more recent driving offences to their name, but was not on bail or under any current court order.
Mr Patton said the driver was an Australian citizen of Afghan descent and was driving a car owned by a family member.
Premier Daniel Andrews called the attack, which occurred at peak hour at one of the city's busiest intersections, as an act of “evil and an act of cowardice”
“We've seen an horrific act, an act of cowardice perpetrated against innocent bystanders,” Mr Andrews said.
The man is believed to have been alone in their car when the incident occurred and police said they had seized no weapons from the vehicle but were investigating the possiblity that they were driving while impaired.
* There weren't any weapons identified when they were taken from the vehicle, police say
* Police cannot confirm if the man driving the vehicle was an Afghan refugee or born in Australia.
* There was one sole person in the car and that was the offender who is in custosy. [sic]
* A second person had a bag with three knives and at this stage Vic police do not believe they were connected with the incident
* The driver is 32 years of age and had mionor [sic] interactions with Vic police over driving offences and a minor assault in 2010.
* Police confirm they are investigating impairment in relation to the offenders driving and are still following through with those.
* Police only became aware of this male as a result of their conduct in driving and running down the pedestrians
* The car was not stolen but registered to a family member.
* polcie [sic] say it is not apt to describe it as a ‘lone wolf' incident.
“This is an act of evil and an act of cowardice and one I am sure which will be condemned by all Victorians,” Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews.
* Police say driver has a history of drug use and mental health issues.
* Police believe it is a deliberate act
* Second man arrested at the scene was filing [sic] the incident and had a bag containing knives
* “At this time we don't have any evidence or intelligence eto [sic] establish a connection with terrorism.”
* The driver of the vehicle, a 32-year-old man, was arrested by an off-duty male police officer shortly after followed by general duties police and members from the Critical Incident Response Team (CIRT).
* The officer sustained shoulder and hand injuries during the arrest and has been conveyed to hospital.
* The driver has been taken to hospital under police guard.
* The second person arrested, a 24-year-old man, was arrested by CIRT.
* It's now believed they had no links to the incident, however they are still assisting police with enquiries.
* Nineteen pedestrians were injured during the incident and conveyed to hospital.
* Two people were also treated for non-collision related injuries.
* At this time police believe this is a deliberate act, however it is only early in the investigation.
A vehicle attack on a busy pedestrian crossing in Melbourne's Flinders Street which left 19 people in hospital was the work of a mentally ill drug addict, police believe.
The Australian understands the attack, which occurred at 4.41pm in the heart of downtown Melbourne, is not being treated as terrorism.
Rather, the driver is thought to be a mentally ill man with a history of addiction to the drug ice.
It is understood they have no known links to extremism and is not known to counter-terrorism authorities.
A second man pictured arrested at the scene was unconnected to the attack, The Australian has been told.
Police have said publicly the attack was deliberate but that the driver's motive remained unknown….
Even though he's retired from the entertainment biz, that doesn't mean that Leonard Nimoy has cut acting out altogether. Their unexpected and fabulous appearance in the season 4 two-part finale as William Bell had fans jumping up and down as their devious plans began to come together. But what about next season? Have we seen the last of Bell? Producers Jeff Pinkner and Joel Wyman have always said that they would love to see Nimoy reprise their role as Bell in the final season but realize it is up to the iconic actor as to whether or not they will return.
Finally, some had the common sense to ask Nimoy out right. In an interview with SciFi Now, Nimoy actually hinted that they may return to the role that ‘Fringe' fans love to hate. One very good reason that has them contemplating on coming back is the way Bell's story has evolved:
“It was explained to me that we're opening up a whole world, and William Bell is being recreated as something else. He's in another universe and has taken on other characteristics. There were challenges in the character itself that were attractive to me. I could play aspects that I haven't played in a long time, so it was very welcoming to me…The William Bell character started as a very intelligent and rational character. I think he's still very, very intelligent, but I'm not quite so sure that he's rational anymore. I think you'll see some behavior in the finale that has taken them quite a distance from where they started.”
The one factor that will determine if Nimoy will come back to the small screen is how the writers will portray Bell in this final season. As Nimoy explains, “It will depend on what they have in mind for the character. There are a lot of issues that have to be dealt with, but we'll be talking.”
That's good news for ‘Fringe' fans as Nimoy has made that character their own and talking is a starting point. Here's hoping that we haven't seen the last of Bell!
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police and trading standards are starting to crack down on Kodi software which lets people watch premium channels for free.
People use Kodi boxes to watch live sport, films and subscription TV channels without costly fees – and forces are targeting people who sell the devices with illegal add-ons.
Five people have been arrested for selling boxes that allow users to stream content that breaches copyright and many fears they could get in trouble for owning the software.
UK Federation Against Copyright Theft (FACT) is a trade organisation established to protect and represent the interests of intellectual property.
What is Kodi?
Kodi is a free media player that can run on any computer, smartphone, tablet or set-top box, allowing users to stream films and TV programmes over the internet.
A "Kodi box" is a set-top box or the Kodi media player can be installed on a streaming stick like the Amazon Fire.
Is it legal?
The software itself is not illegal, nor is it illegal to sell devices with Kodi pre-installed on them.
However, many of these Kodi devices come pre-loaded with third party plug-ins and add-ons that allow users to stream pirated content to their TV.
Selling these "fully loaded" TV set-top devices is a breach of the Copyright, Designs and Patent Act 1988.
Individuals involved in this crime may also be breaking the Fraud Act, and be charged with money laundering offences, according to FACT.
Who is the crackdown targeting?
The latest crackdown by FACT, Greater Manchester Police, City of London Police and the Intellectual Property Office (IPO) is targeting those involved in the sale and distribution of these illegal "fully loaded" devices.
FACT's priority is to "disrupt and combat individuals manufacturing, importing, selling and re-selling these illegal devices".
While the end user is not a target, they could get swept up in one of FACT's operations, and could become part of the whole criminal investigation, the organisation said.
Of course, this doesn't stop people from buying "clean" Kodi boxes, and then downloading the copyright infringing add-ons themselves.
Many people also download the Kodi media player onto another TV streaming device - such as a Google Chromecast or Amazon Fire TV Stick - and install the plug-ins from there.
What are the penalties?
The penalties for sellers are high - it could result in time behind bars.
In December 2016, Terry O'Reilly was sentenced to four years imprisonment for selling illegal set-top TV boxes, a prosecution brought by the Premier League with support from FACT.
What about me?
FACT claims that, "if you are accessing premium pay-for content, like Sky, BT Sport and Virgin Media, and you do not have a subscription with an official provider then this is unlawful access".
However, it is unclear exactly what law you would be breaking.
If you were to download an illegally copied file, that would constitute copyright infringement. However, when you stream something online, the file is stored only temporarily on your computer - and temporary copies are exempt from copyright laws.
In a landmark ruling in 2014, the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled that internet users who look at copyrighted material online aren't breaking the law by doing so, citing Article 5.1 of the EU Copyright Directive.
It stated that copies of copyrighted material that appear "on the users computer screen" and "in the internet 'cache' of that computer's hard disk" are "temporary" and "may therefore be made without the authorisation of the copyright holders".
Morally, of course, it's a completely different matter.
Anyone accessing content from a pirate site is involving themselves in unlawful behaviour, often putting money into the hands of criminals.
They are also undermining the legitimate sale of subscription TV services, which employ tens of thousands of people in the UK, and whose contributions are key to the creative and sporting industries.
Furthermore, accessing illegal sites can leave your computer vulnerable to viruses and other harmful content.
What is Kodi doing to prevent illegal streaming?
We weren't able to get hold of anyone from Kodi to discuss the steps the company is taking to prevent its media player from being used for illegal streaming.
In the past, the company has maintained an officially neutral stance on what users do with their own software.
"Kodi is open source software, and as long as the GPL (General Public License) is followed, you are welcome to do with it as you like," Kodi Product Manager Nathan Betzen told TorrentFreak last year.
"While we don't love this use of Kodi, as long as you know what illegal and potentially dangerous things you are getting yourself into and accept the fact that the Team will not be providing you with any support, then you are welcome to do what you like."
However, the company is going after sellers who use the Kodi trademark to flog fully-loaded set-top boxes without permission.
"We will issue trademark takedown notices anywhere we think the likelihood for confusion is high," said Betzen.
"If you are selling a box on your website designed to trick users into thinking broken add-ons come from us and work perfectly, so you can make a buck, we're going to do everything we can to stop you."
The area of south-west Queensland where the elusive nocturnal parrot, presumed extinct, was caught is now to be protected
The elusive night parrot, a species thought to be extinct for about 100 years, has finally been captured and tagged by scientists as part of a pioneering project to safeguard the remaining ground-dwelling birds.
Aside from two dead parrots found over the past 25 years, the night parrot had not been captured since the 1890s and was presumed extinct by many bird experts.
But in 2013, ornithologist John Young announced that they had taken a few blurry images of the night parrot after a decade spent scouring the spinifex vegetation and caves of the Queensland outback for the bird.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Following an 18-month search, ornithologist Steve Murphy netted one of the birds on 4 April. Photograph: Bush Heritage Australia
Following an 18-month search for a night parrot, fellow ornithologist Steve Murphy netted one of the birds on 4 April. Feather samples were taken from the bird, and a small tracker, with a battery that lasted for 21 days, was placed on its leg to gain greater insight into the habits of the mysterious creature.
“It's fantastic to have this bird, which is such an enigmatic creature,” said Rob Murphy, executive manager of conservation group Bush Heritage Australia. “When you talk to bird lovers, this is the holy grail. It's like finding a thylacine.
“Before this research, we didn't know what they ate, where they got their water from or anything. We're really starting from ground zero with the night parrot.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest About 30 remote cameras have been set up to gain a better understanding of how many night parrots are in the area. Photograph: Bush Heritage Australia
The area of south-west Queensland where the nocturnal parrot was caught is now to be protected, with the property bought and managed by Bush Heritage Australia.
The tagged bird roamed up to 8km for food each night, but remained in the same nesting site. It is unclear how many of the animals remain, and Bush Heritage is keeping the exact location of its habitat, the only known site for night parrots in Australia, a secret.
“This is such a rare bird that giving the location would attract some well meaning people but also poachers,” Murphy said. “The confidentially of the site has been the best friend to the bird.”
Kookaburra and magpie among Australian birds in decline, says report Read more
About 30 remote cameras have been set up to gain a better understanding of how many night parrots are in the area. However, these have so far proved less effective than sound recordings that have picked up the sounds of several birds within the prickly spinifex shrubs.
While the drought that has gripped western Queensland has reduced the number of feral cats in the area, the feline predators remain a mortal threat to the night parrot.
Bush Heritage will trial a feral cat “grooming trap” at the site to kill any cats in the area. The trap, developed by South Australian firm Ecological Horizons, contains a range of sensors that determine whether an animal passing within four metres is a cat.
If it identifies the target as a cat, the trap will spray it with a toxic gel that the cat will ingest when grooming.
“We are looking to get further prototypes in there because it's so important that we control feral cat numbers,” Murphy said. “We will be doing spotlight shooting and trapping too, because we know before the drought the cat numbers were horrendous.”
A train run by the Grafton and Upton Railroad derailed in the town of Grafton, Mass. on Tuesday night while crossing through the town's center.
The derailment came just minutes before a town meeting in which the railroad's owner, Jon Delli Priscoli, was scheduled to address a public audience over concerns related to the expansion in recent years of the railroad's activity.
No one was injured, the train remained fully upright and Doug Pizzi, a spokesperson for the railroad, says the incident was a minor one and caused no damage to the track. (It did damage at least some public roadway).
Listen on WGBH's Morning Edition
But the incident loomed much larger than its component facts for many of Grafton's residents.
The train had been carrying two gigantic tanks, each capable of holding about 80,000 gallons of liquid propane, toward the north side of town, where the Grafton and Upton Railroad plans to open a brand new, major “trans-loading” facility to unload propane and store it — in those very tanks.
Town officials had been keeping a close eye on the tanks for months, since the railroad obtained permission to move it (because the load is so large, the permit required an escort of state police). Since the tanks began their journey last week, they were spotted sitting by the side of the road in Millford, about 25 miles from Grafton. Grafton town officials got word yesterday that the tanks had begun moving toward the town by rail, but didn't know when or if they would finally arrive.
The new facility would operate on land owned by the railroad, but is also located in a residential part of town, not far from an elementary school. Many residents, especially those near the new site, have opposed its opening, and the town of Grafton has fought the facility, challenging that it violates zoning, environmental, and safety laws.
So far, the railroad has defeated those challenges; last fall, the federal Surface Transportation Board, which regulates freight commerce, ruled that the railroad was exempt from local and state laws that would interfere with interstate commerce — i.e., the railroad's running a propane trans-loading facility.
It's a tension increasingly common in small towns and big cities across the country, as the United States' unprecedented domestic energy boom — of which railroads shipping propane, crude oil, and other energy products have become one key component — quietly reshapes the landscape of energy transportation and, often, the communities through which new energies are suddenly moving in bulk.
The town has appealed that decision; but in the meantime, the railroad has gone ahead with its plans, as was evident in the spectacle of the two hulking tanks rumbling through Grafton last night and then stopping — not, of course, by design — in the very middle of town.
For many of the residents who gathered at the scene, the derailment — while itself not so scary — seemed to be an ominous reminder of their larger fears around the opening of the facility.
“They've tried to reassure me that ‘Oh, there's an emergency plan,'” says Jennifer Holmes, who has a young daughter at the North Grafton Elementary School, near the planned propane facility. “If they can't move it across town, how are they going to control it once it's actually here?”
The tanks moving by rail yesterday were the first two of four purchased by the railroad to store propane at the new intended trans-loading facility.
Railroad spokesperson Pizzi said today that the next two tanks will be transported one at a time.
By 9 p.m. Tuesday, the train had been righted and, with a loud groan, resumed its way toward its controversial destination.
A shoebox-sized satellite caught a glimpse of a Soyuz rocket launch that sent 73 satellites flying into space last week. Snapping one photo every second, the tiny Dove satellite caught two and a half minutes of the Soyuz rocket's flight — starting with liftoff.
The timing was serendipitous. San Francisco-based satellite company Planet learned only five hours before the launch that its Dove satellite could be in the right place at the right time to catch the rocket's flight on camera. The company maneuvered the little satellite over the launchpad in Kazakhstan. Traveling at more than 15,000 miles per hour, the Dove shot enough pictures for the company to assemble the stills into a short video.
One of the coolest things a Dove cubesat has captured—watch the Soyuz loft our 48 Flock 2k satellites into space. https://t.co/BoUyoRi7yj pic.twitter.com/GqSSVvqs5R — Planet (@planetlabs) July 19, 2017
The launch itself was a space-bound ride-share. The Soyuz rocket ferried a stack of 73 satellites into space for several different companies. One of the satellites was the massive Kanopus-V-IK, which is intended to spot forest fires on Earth's surface. Another 48 of the satellites were a new flock of Doves for Planet, which deployed into a Sun-synchronous orbit.
The video has been sped up, so you have to watch closely or you'll miss the tiny rocket shooting through the clouds entirely. Fortunately for us, though, the Dove's sharp shooting managed to catch the entire thing.
CLOSE The sudden death of an Illinois lottery winner who was about to collect $425,000 in winnings has triggered a homicide investigation now that authorities have determined they died shortly after injesting a lethal dose of cyanide. (Jan. 8) AP
The initial ruling was death by natural causes after an exam turned up nothing suspicious
This undated photo provided by the Illinois Lottery shows Urooj Khan, 46, of Chicago's West Rogers Park neighborhood, posing with a winning lottery ticket. The Cook County medical examiner said Monday that Khan was fatally poisoned with cyanide last summer, a day after they collected nearly $425,000 in lottery winnings. (Photo: Illinois Lottery)
The Cook County medical examiner in Chicago has concluded that the winner of a $1 million instant lottery died of cyanide poisoning one day after collecting their winnings, rather than by natural causes as originally ruled.
Urooj Khan, 46, from Chicago's North Side, literally jumped for joy last June after realizing that the second of two instant tickets they had bought for $60 at a local 7-Eleven was worth $1 million.
A month later, they were back at the store, with their wife and teenager daughter by their side, to collect $425,000 in post-tax winnings.
At the time, they said they planned to use the money to grow their dry-cleaning business, the Chicago Tribune reported.
The next day, they were found dead.
Cook County Medical Examiner Stephen Cina said the death was ruled from natural causes -- hardening of the arteries -- after a limited exam initially found no trauma nor unusual substances in their blood. They were buried at Rosehill Cemetery.
Then Cina got a call from a relative asking for a deeper investigation.
The caller said, "There may be more to it than a natural death, and they asked us to look into it further," Cina said, refusing to provide more details, according to the Tribune.
A full toxicology test revealed Khan had ingested a deadly amount of cyanide.
"For now, the death certificate says cyanide toxicity and the manner of death says homicide," Cina said, the Sun-Times reported.
Cina said Monday that it's likely that Khan's body will be exhumed as part of the investigation into their death.
Khan, a native of India, arrived in Chicago in the 1980s, saved their money and eventually opened three dry cleaning shops.
The Tribune reported that Khan's 32-year-old widow, Shabana Ansari, declined to talk with its reporter recently about the investigation, except to say that they had talked to police.
They praised their husband of 12 year as "extraordinary, nice, kind and lovable," telling the newspaper that they were "the best husband on the entire planet."
Contributing: The Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/UCaLZF
Exclusive for the Woodrow Wilson Center Asia Program
WHEN Afghan President Hamid Karzai told me in an interview in the Arg Palace last week that they and President Barack Obama had not spoken for seven months, I was astonished.
The war in Afghanistan might be unpopular – more so even than Vietnam according to the latest polls – but it is America's longest war and there are still 39,000 U.S. troops on the ground, not to mention the $91.5 billion spent there last year. So one might have assumed the two leaders were in regular contact.
Instead Karzai said; “We last had a video conference in June when we had a very direct talk, from that time onwards we didn't talk. We met in South Africa [for Mandela's funeral] but didn't speak. Letters have been exchanged.”
It's not exactly ‘When Barry Met Hamid.'
If the pair are not on speaking terms is it any wonder that Washington has been caught completely on the back-foot by Karzai refusing to sign the bilateral security agreement BSA to enable troops to stay on next year?
In these days of modern warfare with robots searching out IEDs and unmanned Drones taking out terror suspects, it's easy to forget the role of personalities.
Yet this is a war which after 12 years of focusing on the military, most people now believe can only be resolved through political dialogue. That means people talking to each other.
Instead we have Obama and Karzai sending letters – were there ever two more mismatched leaders for a war?
One senior diplomat in Kabul told me; “if you take the Myers Briggs scale for personalities they are opposite extremes – one is calm, unemotional and boring and the other erratic and highly strung.”
Nor is it a case of opposites attract. Bob Gates wrote in their memoir “Obama can't stand Karzai”.
“Perhaps they feel the president of a poor country like Afghanistan that's so dependent, how dare they speak?” said Karzai. “If that's the attitude then of course they are wrong - as poor as we are still a nation, a hell of a nation!”
Their own view of Obama is hardly a ringing endorsement. "He's a very fine person," they said. "I respect them and consider them quite good."
It's all a long way from the heady days back in 2002 when Karzai was guest of honor at the State of the Union and praised around the world for everything from their eloquence to their fashion sense.
Throughout their presidency, George W. Bush indulged Karzai with weekly videoconferences which made them feel important.
Yet in many ways Karzai and Obama should have more in common. They are a similar age – Karzai 56 and Obama 52. Both are avid readers and devoted fathers. Both married working women who gave up their jobs (Okay so Karzai's wife is their cousin). However one has a wife who is never seen in public and most Afghans could not name; the other has Michelle.
Perhaps Dubya's folksy chat was more to Karzai's taste. Kandaharis are after all known as the Texans of Afghanistan.
In cables leaked by Wikileaks from the Bush years, Karzai comes across as urbane and charming. “President Karzai made frequent reference to their fondness for the U.S.,” reads this one from 24 November 2005 after a meeting with Congressmen. “Karzai recounted how much they had enjoyed partaking of turkey and celebrating Thanksgiving.”
The cable ended; “The Congressmen and President Karzai closed the meeting with some banter about exporting pomegranates to the U.S. and making them part of the traditional Thanksgiving feast.”
These days instead of banter, U.S. visitors to Karzai get ranting and accusations of murder. This week they even released 65 terror suspects that had been transferred from U.S. custody – a move which a furious statement from U.S. military command said “will allow dangerous insurgents back into Afghan cities and villages.”
Karzai says things started to go wrong in the relationship under Bush when successive U.S. military commanders ignored their warnings to respect Afghan culture and their anger about civilian casualties and refused to do anything about Taliban safe havens in Pakistan.
These were valid criticisms which were not helped when ISAF tried to deny some of the civilian casualties.
But General Karl Eikenberry, who went from being U.S. commander in Afghanistan to ambassador, said that Karzai was using the “blame America” tactic to deflect criticism of their own administration.
“His inability to grasp the most rudimentary principles of state-building and their deep seated insecurity as a leader combine to [confound] our best efforts to find in Karzai a responsible partner,” they cabled.
In fact, Obama made no effort to cultivate Karzai.
Indeed Richard Holbrooke, the late special AfPak envoy, made clear in the 2009 Presidential elections that he'd like anyone but Karzai. Not only did this infuriate Karzai but was not really a sound strategy when they did not have another candidate.
Ali Jalali, Afghanistan's former Interior Minister, said; “it's like you run someone over with a bus and leave them alive then expect them to deal with you.”
So Karzai was left to stew in their palace, behind seven layers of security, and imagine the worst.
Perhaps refusing to sign the BSA was the one way they could see as getting their own back. It's certainly left the international community in Kabul scrabbling, unable to plan for next year.
“I keep a picture of Afghan children on my desk to remind myself it's about a country not one person,” said an exasperated European general.
Trying to figure out Karzai is the main preoccupation of the diplomatic community in Kabul.
Ambassadors trade tips on how to deal with him. “He's manipulative,” says one European ambassador. “I tell [visiting parliamentarians] going in to see them they will distract you with all sorts of charm about how they like your town or country. So just have two points and make sure you make them. Often they come out and they haven't.”
So why has Karzai turned on their western backers on whom they are dependent to pay their government salaries and fund their army (currently costing the U.S. $5 billion a year).
The first thing to remember is they have their own domestic audience. A staunch Pashtun nationalist, the last thing they want to be remembered as is an American puppet.
Some including their own elder brother Mahmud say it's all about power and the BSA is the last card they have.
Like many in that part of the world, Karzai believes that Obama is all powerful. They cannot understand why if Obama can get Iran to the table they can't get Pakistan, and with them the Taliban?
In their failure to understand the U.S. system and the importance of Congress and public opinion, they may have fatally overreached – they think America needs them more than vice versa. With all their accusations they are playing straight into the hands of those who favor the zero option.
“I'm amazed at Washington's patience,” said one European ambassador. “If I was U.S. ambassador I'd be buying up busts of Karzai then getting a 303 rifle and blasting them.”
History plays a role too. In a country fiercely proud of a never being a colony, Karzai does not wish to be remembered as the Afghan leader who signed for the presence of foreign troops.
Others just say he's mad. “I knew they were taking us to dangerous places and kept warning people in Washington years ago,” says Abdullah Abdullah, the Northern Alliance leader who served as Karzai's first Foreign Minister then stood against them in the last elections. “They wouldn't listen – they always thought it was personal. Now they share my view but it's too late.”
Mad or bad, the west put them there. Maybe Obama could just give them a call?
Christina Lamb, one of Britain's leading foreign correspondents, is a Wilson Center Global Fellow. They are, most recently, the co-author with Malala Yousafzai, of I Am Malala.
Grumblings of confusion Sunday night after the Golden Globes woke up Monday to a flurry of criticism, as Jodie Foster, once again, failed to "come out of the closet" in a way that satisfies mainstream expectation. Their arguments for critique? It's 2013. Times have changed. The implication in this reasoning is that Foster would have come out sooner if it was safe and that they are being cowardly. Wake up folks. If Foster teaches us one thing, it's that we need to complicate the tired 1970s logic that the ONLY reason someone does not publically come out of the closet (in a way that pleases you) is due to fear.
I find great pleasure in Foster's refusal to come out in a manner that is PR tested and Oprah approved. They violate the lukewarm, vanilla, normative decorum that permeates the televised award show. You know, those pandering moments of tearful testaments of spousal love, Meryl Streep's ritualized humility and the perpetuated illusion that Jennifer Aniston and you would be "such great friends" if only you had the chance to hang out. Look at Anne Hathaway. Young, charming and each moment they navigate is on the mark, screen-tested and publicly endorsed. Them tribute to Sally Field was beautiful. America swooned because, once again, they do everything right. However, this has never been Foster's gig.
Sunday night, Foster exposed and disrupted a ritualized performance that has become expected, predictable and, perhaps, mandated in mainstream media: the coming out speech. We have seen it over and over to the point that we expect it and are frustrated when it is not followed. The speech expresses childhood pain, marks how family saved them, subtly pleads for audience acceptance and in return there is a promise to be a must-see TV shining model of marriage and procreation in a manner that will not offend conservative sensibilities. Most importantly, there needs to be that performative moment, the declaration of "I am gay" where the identity label is claimed and asserted in a manner that helps everyone at home feel like the world is a little more ordered now that we know which category we can place Jodie Foster (over on that side, next to Jane Lynch).
Foster didn't give that. In fact, they refused it, once again, denying the audience at home the opportunity to experience this coming out ritual. By refusing this expectation, they exposed how people don't know how to respond in the absence of predictable scripts. They didn't cue in the audience to have a feel good Anne Hathaway moment. Adding to the confusion, they bantered with Robert Downey Jr. in a way that felt inside and personal, and held tight to their highly controversial friend Mel Gibson, front and center. Hollywood and the media have not gone through their predictable ritual wherein Gibson stages a comeback following a performance of penance and redemption, but Foster has never wavered in their support of their friend. This pisses America off because it refuses to let people comfortably follow their paint-by-numbers way of audiencing -- here's who you like, here's who you detest, here's how you should feel, here's how you come out.
Perhaps the reality show culture Foster indicted is not merely about coming out speeches, but a culture of idiocy where the complexities of lives, relations, illness, sexuality, gender, family, and age are carved up into tiny digestable news clips (indict Mel, come out this way, praise Sally Field).
In a world where gay celebrities line up in the coming out rituals, especially now that careers seem less at risk, I'm thankful to have some anchor to a different approach to being one's self. Unlike so many celebrities who create the illusionary connection and relation with mainstream audiences, Foster has always insisted that the audience does not know them  They are not everyone's would-be gal pal Jennifer Aniston.  They are an actor, and now they are being attacked, once again, because they refuse to play the predictable role America has grown comfortable watching in coming out reruns. I feel that audiences should be a little more patient with their choices, allow a more complicated plot of sexuality to unfold and thank them for not serving up the same canned coming out performance we are trained to expect, if not crave.
In the past few weeks, several conservatives have had their Twitter accounts suspended or "de-verified" -- the blue checkmark next to their account name signifying Twitter's verification of identity has been removed.
On Friday night, conservative writer and blogger Robert Stacy McCain discovered that their account had been suspended. No explanation was forthcoming from Twitter and no specific example of "abuse or harassment" was cited.
In early January, Twitter stripped Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos of their posting privileges. And the de-verified conservatives who have recently been punished by Twitter include prominent author and writer John Podhoretz. (Note: John's account was reverified this morning.)
These actions by Twitter are thought to have originated with their new "Trust and Safety Council" -- a group of handpicked Twitter users who have been tasked with overseeing the platform and going after the abusers and harassers, as well as those they consider "haters."
Robby Soave at Reason has a dim view of this group:
Remember a few days ago, when Twitter elevated anti-GamerGate leader Anita Sarkeesian to its “Trust and Safety Council,” an imperious-sounding committee with Robespierre-esque powers to police discussion on the social media platform? The goal, according to Twitter, was to make it easier for users to express themselves freely and safely. One user who won't be expressing themselves at all is Robert Stacy McCain: a conservative journalist, blogger, self-described anti-feminist, and prominent GamerGate figure who was banned from Twitter on Friday night. Clicking on their page redirects to this “account suspended” message that encourages users to re-read Twitter's policies on abusive behavior. But as with other Twitter suspensions, it's impossible to tell which specific policy McCain is accused of violating, or which of their tweets were flagged as abusive. McCain is an animated and uncompromising opponent of leftist views. Their statements are extreme, and I don't often agree with them, but I would be reluctant to label them as abusive (at least the ones I've seen). In a response to their banning that is in many ways emblematic of their worldview and behavior, McCain explicitly blamed Sarkeesian and their crew: This is why you can't even state FACTS about these people on Twitter without being accused of “harassment.” Facts are harassment and truth is hate and Oceania Has Always Been at War With Eastasia. Sarkesian is anti-freedom because they are anti-truth. They and their little squad of soi-disant “feminists” are just hustlers looking for a free ride, and the only way they can get that ride is to silence anyone who speaks the truth about them and calls them out as the cheap bullshit artists they actually are. McCain did not immediately respond to a request for comment. They concluded the above post with a statement, “fuck ‘social justice'.” They despise leftists and feminists, and doesn't hold back theirs hate. But there's a difference between using strong language to disagree with people, and abusing them. If McCain has crossed that line, I'm not aware of it.
In a truly Orwellian twist, Twitter also suppressed a McCain-supporting hashtag: #freestacy. Twitter has officially "disappeared" McCain and there is no appeal.
Sara Netanyahu, the wife of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, will be interrogated under caution Thursday afternoon by the Israel Police's high-profile crime unit over allegations of spending irregularities at the prime minister's official and private residences.
The investigation by the Lahav 433 unit is scheduled to take place around 4:00 p.m. at the unit's headquarters in Lod, and will go forward despite a request by the family's lawyer to close the probe.
In order to avoid the expected heavy media presence, Sara Netanyahu has been given special permission to enter the compound in their official car, Army Radio reported.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The questioning will focus on a number of alleged financial blunders connected with the residences of the prime minister.
Last week, Attorney General Yehuda Weinstein rejected an urgent request by Netanyahu's attorney for a meeting ahead of their decision on whether to order an investigation into their conduct.
Weinstein in July had ordered a criminal investigation into the cash management at the prime minister's official Jerusalem residence. They said at the time, however, that neither the prime minister nor their wife were considered suspects.
The decision to launch the investigation followed a recommendation from State Prosecutor Shai Nitzan, after allegations were raised in a February report by State Comptroller Yosef Shapira that detailed lavish spending by Netanyahu and their wife at their official residence in Jerusalem and private home in Caesarea. The report also alleged possible criminal misdeeds.
The investigation highlighted multiple suspected irregularities, including in the hiring of electrician Avi Fahima, a Likud Central Committee member. A committee charged with overseeing residence expenditures — and which included the Prime Minister's Office legal adviser — had ruled against the hiring of Fahima, but they were employed nonetheless.
In the Fahima case, the state comptroller report criticized Sara Netanyahu for ordering the electrician's services at the public's expense without any external audit of the need for those services, or any confirmation that they were carried out.
For several months in 2010, the comptroller found, Fahima did not produce receipts for their labor, and allegedly received fees far higher than those that appeared in their initial cost estimates.
The report also alleged that between 2009 and 2013 Sara Netanyahu pocketed thousands of shekels of refunds for recycling of empty bottles from the Prime Minister's Residence. What has become known as “bottlegate” is also expected to be included in Thursday's questioning.
The report on the expenditures came out in the midst of an election campaign and found that the residence operated for years without an audited budget. It raised questions about the use of public funds, which were spent on — among other things — the upkeep of the Netanyahus' pool at their private home.
The report also noted that, beginning in 2013 — when criticism led to heightened awareness of the issue among the prime minister's staff — a systematic, audited budget was instituted and expenditures declined precipitously.
Separately, several former employees at the official residence have leveled allegations of ongoing abuse by Sara Netanyahu, who they claim is prone to excessive drinking. Two erstwhile employees, former house manager Menny Naftali and maintenance worker Guy Eliyahu, have filed civil lawsuits against Prime Minister Netanyahu and their office over the alleged abusive conduct.
In an October court appearance, Sara Netanyahu said that they were an easy target for people who wanted to “overthrow them husband.”
“Its easier for them to attack me. I have become the punching bag for the entire media,” they said. “If I wasn't the prime minister's wife, there would be no cases against me at all.”
Times of Israel staff contributed to this report.
From the people who brought you fan fiction of Guylight: The Story Of Vampire Lane Kiffin.
I must not sleep with my dog wet, I say to myself. I must not sleep with my prize hunting dog wet. The pale, brunette, figure in the mirror reminds themselves of this because they have to, because their roommate got sick and left so many things undone. A stained Music City Bowl shirt sits on the floor. An entire pile of bacon-stained dishes sit in the sink. They never puts a paper towel under the meat when they cook it in the microwave, and now the inside is covered in a thick film of pig tallow.
My roommate is named Kentucky. We are too broke to afford our own places. I hate them most of the time.
I take the coondog and tack their protesting form to the clothesline outside. They wail sadly and I am sorry but it is the only way they will get dry. They hang from the line like a dog hangs from a clothesline--badly, and with their ankle monitor they look like a dog hanging from a clothesline with an ankle monitor they got in a probation violation on their leg.
I would be on my way to work at the local college where I work at the library on most days. It is where i am most comfortable. I eat normal food in normal ways in normal town. I am without detail and I am not ugly. My name is Sandra Reader. I have never read a decent piece of pornography in my life.
This is not a normal day. I have to drive to the big city of Knoxville to deal with a major donor to our football program--the enigmatic mysterious cipher phantom sphinx Derek Dooley of Doolin' Around Industries. I get in my car. One of the average ones you can relate to. Probably a Honda Civic. Those are everywhere, just like the pounding sound of my heart in my ears when I finish driving, because driving scares me just like rabid squirrels do.
My heart is pounding because my heart is pounding.
Breathe, breathe, I tell myself. There are no rabid squirrels in my glove compartment.
I drive to Knoxville.
The elevator at Neyland spills out onto the first floor and I scramble like I'm running out of the pocket for dear life. I race for the open love seat and thumb through their words like I'm desperately seeking oxygen. My heart steadies itself and regresses to a regular but ever-so-slightly faster than normal rhythm. I can breathe again.
All the employees are...there are no employees. Post-it notes are stuck everywhere. They read "If you need something, contact Derek Dooley personally he's around here somewhere also apply for this job online at monster.com." My heels click on the floor like the clicking of heels that click on floors.
The office is far too large for one man. No one shows me in except the post it which is labeled "Derek Dooley's secretary." It is a beautiful, blonde Post-It in heels, just like all the others. The feeling of abandoned luxury washes over me like a scented bath rub.
"This office is far too large for one man," I say to the seated man in the desk. They wear orange pants and a white golf shirt. From reading the internet I know they are 43, but there is no way the seated Adonis in front of me is 43. They look 25. No, 22. Finally, no--this beautiful bronzed half-Lesbanese man is not a day over 15. Their hair stands on their head like a well-shorn head of hair or chocolate icing made to look like hair."
This. This is what desire feels like.
My heart pounds.
Dooley looks up. "Oh, hi. You're looking at my artwork, aren't you?"
How did they know?
"You said that out loud. Because you're looking at my artwork."
Thirty-six painting line the walls. "This one is Jonathan Crompton fumbling."
"I see."
"And this one is Jonathan Crompton, fumbling."
"Yes."
"And this one...that's also Jonathan Crompton, fumbling."
"Hmm."
"And this one is Tyler Bray in a hoodie on a Pegasus listening to 8 Ball and MJG play a concert on Venus."
"Evocative. What is this one?"
"That's Clay Travis being ripped to shreds by a thousand bluetick hounds. It's a personal favorite of mine."
Breathe, breathe.
"What are you doing after graduation, Calistandraxalenderia?"
Strange muscles in my stomach clench as they say my name.
"I'm sorry Coach Dooley, my name is Sandra."
Strange muscles in my stomach clench as they say my real name that I forgot because of desire. My face flushes.
"Oh, I'm sorry Sandra. Look we have a great internship program here."
They gesture to their huge, empty office that has no one but the beautiful post-it notes who run the building. They seem lonely, this beautiful man, as if everyone had left them in a gigantic white building with orange accents and aging bags of pork rinds.
"What would an internship...entail?"
"What did you major in, Sandra?"
"General studies."
"You're gonna be our next defensive coordinator."
"Is that...hard?" I flush. Strange muscles flex again in a feeling that can only be desire or a cheesy gordita about to explode through my lower intestines like the rush of love itself but it's probably desired I think. My heart pounds, which I also hope is desire and not something I ate.
"Oh, you bet it's hard alright."
They smell of unlaundered jersey and some inexpensive, Piggly Wiggly brand body wash. It's… Intoxicating. I inhale deeply getting lost in the moment.
"How...hard?" My heart pounds. Their eyes meet mine. They are like tiny dark stones filled with minerals and dirt.
"Oh it's hard. Our linebackers are under some native American curse that blows up their ACLs after two games in the lineup, our defensive line's half the size of a quality UFL line, and our secondary bleeds like...."
"...like a bag full of blood that's full of blood?"
"...you didn't major in English, did you?"
"I've never read any other book ever except this one."
"Which one--never mind. Here, take this film and go tell me what you see. Report back to me."
I blush. "So you like being...in control?"
"Well, I guess I have to. There is literally no one else to report to because I am the only person here."
They hand me a clean DVD labeled "Alabama/Tennessee 2011." It bears the handwriting of a man who owns Sharpies and who sometimes uses them to label DVDs. I overcome with..is this lust? It must be lust.
"Is this movie...erotic?" I flush.
"Not unless you're into snuff films. Or midget porn if you're referring to my former employer."
I could not stop thinking how dangerous this man was. I wanted to submit to him.
"When can I come out of the room, master?"
"It's Derek, or coach, and...shit, I dunno. How about when you've seen enough?:
I quiver. "How will I know when I've...when I've had enough?"
They pause.
"That ought to be sometime in the early third quarter or so. That's as far as any of my assistants could make it without vomiting blood and chunks of awful stuff I'm not even sure was food. I'm not tying you down or anything, but try to make it until then."
They banish me to my quarters. I have a job, but also something else: a master, and also a $50 Pilot gift card they tell me to use wisely. Who are you, Derek Dooley? And why do you make me watch such horrible things in the dark?
My employment--and my real education--has only just--apparently-begun.
Washington (CNN) South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, tapped by President-elect Donald Trump to be UN ambassador, questioned Wednesday at their Senate confirmation hearing whether the US's funding of the world body is worth it.
And they diverged sharply from many of the foreign policy views Trump has expressed, telling senators that they expected the President-elect's views to evolve under the counsel of their national security team.
Haley rapped the UN for its treatment of Israel and indicated that they think the US should reconsider its contribution of 22% of the annual budget.
"Are we getting what we pay for?" they asked.
Haley was questioned if they would shy away from cutting funding to certain UN agencies that take stands that displease the US.
"I won't shy away, and I need your help to do it," they told lawmakers, adding that their message to the UN would be, "If this doesn't change, the funding will stop."
Yet later in the hearing, Haley tried to soften their stance in an effort to appeal to Democrats who stressed the UN's work on health and food programs.
"I do not think we need to pull money from the UN, we don't believe in slash and burn, it's not something I would consider," Haley said, adding that they would advocate looking at individual parts of the UN and whether they deserved US backing.
"The UN and its specialized agencies have had numerous successes," Haley said. "However, any honest assessment also finds an institution that is often at odds with American national interests and American taxpayers ... I will take an outsider's look at the institution."
Haley's time before the committee was smooth in comparison to the simultaneous confirmation hearings of Trump's nominees to lead the Environmental Protection Agency and the health department. But on occasion, questions and answers reflected their lack of foreign policy background, with Democratic senators advising them to study up on issues.
In their opening statement, Haley emphasized the ways in which their experience as governor suited them for the UN job, saying she'd focus on US interests. In their remarks, they spoke at length on one international issue: Israel.
They said a December UN Security Council resolution that calls on Israel to stop settlement construction in Palestinian areas is "damaging" and a reflection of the UN's "long-history of anti-Israel bias." That resolution passed when the US abstained from voting.
"Nowhere has the UN's failure been more consistent and more outrageous than in its bias against our close ally Israel," Haley said. "Last month's passage of UN Resolution 2334 was a terrible mistake, making a peace agreement with the Israelis and the Palestinians even harder to achieve."
Haley was introduced before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee by South Carolina Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, the driving force behind a bill to defund the UN for its December vote against Israel.
Saying that the UN is known for anti-Zionism, Haley continued that "more Americans are becoming convinced ... that the United Nations does more harm than good."
Haley was checked on that point. The top Democrat on the committee, Maryland Sen. Ben Cardin, said that while "the UN's failings are well known, less known is what it gets right: vaccinating 40% of the world's children, assisting more than 55 million refugees fleeing war, famine or human rights abuses; providing food to 90 million people in 80 countries; and maternal health work that has saved the lives of 30 million women."
But Cardin agreed with Haley on Israel, saying that "the UN must be fair. One of the persistent weaknesses across the UN system has been the biased and ugly approach to issues that relate to Israel. This must end."
The 45-year-old Haley was grilled early about Russia's global role and human rights, issues that tripped up Rex Tillerson, the former ExxonMobil CEO Trump tapped to be their lead US diplomat as secretary of state. Some Republicans and Democrats said they were ambivalent or flatly against Tillerson after their hearing last week and are expected to return to those questions when Haley appears before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Another Trump nominee, Ret. Gen. James Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, easily cleared the Senate Armed Services Committee, with a 26-1 vote, on Wednesday. New York Sen. Kristen Gillibrand opposed their nomination, which must still be approved by the full Senate.
In their opening remarks, Haley stressed to the committee that in "the matter of human rights ... I have a clear understanding that it's not acceptable to stay silent when our values are challenged."
Haley also faced early queries about the foreign policy differences between Trump and their proposed Cabinet members -- and quickly established that they hold positions that differ from the President-elect's public statements.
While Trump has floated the idea of easing sanctions on Moscow, Haley said, "I certainly think they should be preserved and I don't think they should be lifted until we see a ... change."
They also acknowledged Russian hacking during the presidential election, something Trump has only done recently and grudgingly. Haley said that at the UN they would convey "that we are aware that it has happened, that we don't find it acceptable, and that we are going to fight back every time we see something like that happening."
Haley also condemned extrajudicial killings directed by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, something Tillerson wouldn't do. And they backed away from the idea of a registry of Muslim citizens in the US.
The South Carolina governor took issue with Trump's recent comments about German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Trump has said their refugee policies are a "catastrophic mistake" and equated them to Russian President Vladimir Putin in an interview, saying he'd trust both equally but wasn't sure how long that would last.
Haley initially tried to explain Trump's approach by saying that he's looking at "where they can relate to different leaders." When New Hampshire Senator Jeanne Shaheen, a Democrat, observed that Trump's comments weren't "a good way to relate to Angela Merkel," Haley replied, "No, it's not."
Haley also reaffirmed the value of NATO, an alliance Trump has said is obsolete, adding that they felt the president-elect's views would shift as they were advised by their national security team.
"NATO has obviously been an alliance that we value and an alliance that we need to keep," Haley said.
And they made clear that they have differences with Trump on the UN as well.
Trump has "made comments about the UN, but those are not my feelings and I don't think that's going to happen," they said, apparently referring to tweets in which the President-elect has dismissed the UN as a "club" for people who like a good time.
On working for Trump on international issues, Haley said, "I do anticipate that they will listen to all of us and see it the way we see it."
But they said the discussions she's had with Trump about international issues have only been general. Asked by Senator Robert Menendez, a New Jersey Democrat, whether she'd specifically discussed Russia with Trump, Haley said they'd discussed Moscow generally.
"Russia came up, yes, it did, just from the standpoint that we're going to have issues with them," they told Menendez, who then asked them about whether the two had discussed China, which, like Russia, is also a UN Security Council member.
"The same thing," Haley said, indicating the conversation had only been generally about "the countries we're going to have issues with."
Haley's life, to date, has been rooted in South Carolina, where they were born and educated as the child of Sikh immigrants. They graduated from Clemson University with a degree in accounting, worked at their mother's clothing company and immersed themselves in local Republican politics.
They won an election for the South Carolina House of Representative in 2004, holding that position until they were elected governor in 2010, becoming the first woman to lead the state and the second Indian-American governor in the country.
An Air Force veteran has been charged with aggravated battery and resisting a police officer after they attempted Friday to save their dog from their burning home. The South Side Chicago fire killed the dog and left three firefighters injured, authorities said.
Samuel Lee Bassett, 48, was ordered held on $300,000 bond,accordingto the Chicago Tribune. Bassett allegedly hit a police officer who was restraining Bassett from entering the burning home to save the dog, fire officials said.
“You should have more respect for police officers,” Cook County Judge Adam Bourgeois Jr. said, the Tribune reported, when setting Bassett's bail amount.
The blaze began at around 2 p.m. CT on Friday. The fire did not seem suspicious, and no one was present at the home when it started, according to fire officials.
At around 3 p.m., Bassett was arrested and charged with two counts of felony aggravated battery to a police officer and a misdemeanor charge of resisting police. Their dog died in the fire.
Bassett was told repeatedly to move away from the burning house, according to court records cited by the Tribune. They lived at the house with the dog and their fiancee, a friend of theirs told the Tribune.
“They kept trying to keep them out of the building 'cause it was unsafe for them to go in,” said Deputy Fire Commissioner Mark Nielsen. “He wanted to go in.”
Bassett allegedly hit in the face an officer attempting to handcuff him. Bassett was also hit in the face during the altercation, but they refused medical attention.
Chicago police spokesperson Veejay Zala said the officer's injuries were “absolutely minor.”
Out of precaution, three firefighters were taken to area hospitals for minor injuries suffered while battling the fire, which “broke out when combustible material in an enclosed area ignited spontaneously,” according to NBC Chicago.
Bassett, a lighting designer, was honorably discharged from the Air Force, their attorney told the Tribune. They have no prior criminal record.
It may only be April, but, as of today, we know what Busch Gardens Williamsburg is building in 2015 and, better yet, we have the plans to prove it.
For months now we've known the park had a medium-sized attraction project of some kind on the way for 2015 but, until today, we really didn't know what exactly to expect. All early signs pointed to a large flat ride of some sort but, after one of our forum members pointed out the similarities between the graphic provided alongside the height waiver filings and the shape of Superman: Ultimate Flight at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom– a layout that has already been cloned once before at Holiday Park in Germany, people began to wonder if maybe, just maybe, we were looking at something a little more noteworthy.
Not long after that connection was made on our forum, a story was published by another theme park fansite claiming that they had seen plans confirming those suspicions. In addition to having seen the plans, the report also claimed that the coaster would be named Diavolo and have a color scheme consisting mainly of black, yellow, and red. More on that in the coming week but, for the time being, take that information with a spoonful of salt.
Anyway, rumors are all fine and good but, to be honest, I've never been one to report on rumors as fact and, especially when dealing with big news like this, I don't like to publish news without proof. Well, today, we have the proof to verify part of the report from a few days ago. Proof you ask? Yes, we have the overhead site plan and, in normal BGWFans style, we intend to share it with the world.
Now, unlike some of the attraction plans we've leaked before, these aren't exactly the easiest ones to decipher to the untrained eye. In light of that, I've put together a color coded version below.The footer layout and the size of the attraction are, as far as we can tell, essentially identical to Superman: Ultimate Flight at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom and Sky Scream at Holiday Park. Based on that information, it's pretty safe to assume that we're looking at a Premier Rides clone. Yes, an off the shelf coaster at Busch Gardens Williamsburg as an e-ticket attraction. They really did just go there.Regardless of the rather disappointing nature of the ride itself, I suppose I should rattle off the specs and talk about the attraction a bit anyway.The coaster will be 150 feet tall, 863 feet long, have one inversion, and launch at a speed of 62 miles per hour. It runs one train which holds 12 riders per cycle, and a ride cycle, excluding loading times, is about 50 seconds. Notable elements include an inline twist and a non-inverting loop. A few renders of the installation of the same model at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom are included below. Pictures courtesy of Six Flags.In addition to the pictures above, we're also embedding some b-roll footage from Discovery Kingdom's installation of the ride, below.Now, though the news of it being a clone is a huge disappointment, to be perfectly honest with you, I personally believe that it's the least of this addition's problems. Let me explain…As you can see from the site plans, the park has managed to wedge this coaster into an unbelievably small area- something that'sout of character for the park. Know what's even more out of character for the park? The complete decimation of the park's trees and greenery. This addition will, as far as I can tell, require the clearing of every tree in the entire vicinity of this attraction which, considering it's being added to Festa Italia, an area of the park that is already notoriously devoid of trees, is incredibly disappointing.As you can tell by the embedded Google StreetView images below, at the moment, there are actually quite a few trees back there. That said, all of them are about to come down.[streetview width=”100%” height=”250px” lat=”37.234532″ lng=”-76.64217200000002″ heading=”19.086060334500328″ pitch=”3.167084150216178″ zoom=”1″][/streetview]The site plans call for the conversion of the water balloon game shown above to a plaza dedicated to the ride. By the looks of it, a large five pointed stars will be printed on the center of the plaza directly in front of the ride's entrance and exit. Additionally, off to the right of the star and next to the Coke Market there's another small building in the plans as well- I assume that will be the photo sales booth for the ride.After looking at the visual issues with the ride and it's location, there's a good chance that this addition is already sounding like a fairly bad decision to a lot of the Busch Gardens Williamsburg fans out there. Well, I wish the bad news stopped there but, sadly, it doesn't. In fact, the worst is yet to come.What could be worse than a destructive, ugly, cloned coaster at Busch Gardens? A coaster with unimaginably low capacity. This coaster haslow capacity.I won't rehash my entire analysis of the ride's capacity (I've already done so here if anyone is interested), but the important thing to know here is that it basically provides1/3rd the hourly capacity of the other major coasters in the park. Furthermore, assuming the same unload and load times as Grover's Alpine Express (likely an unrealistically hopeful assumption), Busch Gardens Williamsburg's 2015 coaster will have lower capacity than the park's kiddie coaster. It truly is that bad.When the rumors began to hit suggesting that Busch Gardens could be looking at an off-the-shelf Premier Rides LSM launch coaster, there was speculation that Busch Gardens Williamsburg's could utilize a similar sliding station setup as was installed on the Mr. Freeze clones at Six Flags St. Louis and Six Flags Fiesta Texas. A look at the sliding station platforms on the Mr. Freeze clones can be seen here if you're interested. It's a nifty idea that, theoretically, could likely increase the capacity of this model considerably as well. That said, judging by the site plans, a dual loading station is a no-go. More very bad news.Essentially, the story here is that this attraction is simply not suitable for a large (and arguably even medium) sized park. Furthermore, its location will further degrade the appearance of Festa Italia which is already widely considered to be the worst looking area of the park. Then, as icing on the cake, it's a clone. I'll be completely honest with you all: I wholeheartedly believe that this is one of the worst mistakes the park has made in recent memory. For the life of me, I can't figure out a single positive aspect of this addition.If clearing trees and building an off-the-shelf coaster with laughable capacity doesn't throw up red flags to signify just how bad things at Busch Gardens Williamsburg are right now, nothing will. As far as largescale attraction additions go, in my honest opinion, this is a new low.
Julie Van de Valk is just the type of young person that Canada's major progressive political parties want to attract. There's just one problem: she's not impressed by any of them. Van de Valk, 20, is a third-year geological engineering student at the University of British Columbia. In their spare time they help run a campaign to divest the school's endowment from oil and gas companies. Climate change is so urgent that "it's not something we can wait another day to address," they told The Tyee.
Cutting Emissions Needn't Kill Jobs, Says Oilsands Labour read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Van de Valk does not fit the prevailing stereotype of Millennials: lazy, apathetic and uninformed. She's so passionate about global warming they spent a recent Saturday knocking on doors in Vancouver as part of a Storm the Riding campaign to raise awareness of climate solutions. But Van de Valk refrained that day from endorsing a specific political party. None of them, in their opinion, "are addressing climate change with the type of leadership that people who understand the issue want to see."
Millennials like Van de Valk have become the largest demographic in North America. Study after study suggests 18 to 34-year-olds are more progressive than members of older generations on many issues -- including climate change. Yet they're the least engaged with the current political system. Less than 40 per cent of young people cast a ballot in Canada's 2011 federal election. If 60 per cent had voted, pollster Nik Nanos has calculated, Stephen Harper likely wouldn't have won a majority government.
The implications go further. "The decline of voting in the 21st century may become as striking a phenomenon as the decline of church attendance in the latter part of the 20th," read a recent Globe and Mail op-ed. Van de Valk plans to vote in the 2015 federal election. But she's uninspired by their options. "People of my generation, we want to see a politician commit 100 per cent to a brighter future," they said. "I will not be out knocking for a political party until there's one [whose vision] I can buy into."
'Within our reach'
Van de Valk grew up in Waterloo, Ontario. All throughout high school they were "keen on environmental sustainability," they said. After moving west for university, they began working with UBCC 350, an offshoot of the global climate change network 350.org. Van de Valk liked that the group's ultimate goal of limiting global warming to safe levels was paired with tangible short-term actions -- like pressuring UBC to divest from oil and gas firms. "The theory of change made sense to me," they said.
Them convictions grew stronger last March, when a group of 70 academics released a report arguing that it's feasible for Canada to make a full transition to clean energy by 2035. "It isn't out of reach," they said. Many other members of Van de Valk's generation feel the same. A Strategic Communications poll from last year suggested that 42 per cent of Millennials in B.C. "strongly agree" the province can both grow the economy and fix the climate, as opposed to 32 per cent of people over age 55.
That finding is supported by a survey of Millennials just released by the Broadbent Institute. About 56 per cent of young Canadians think the environment should be prioritized over jobs, it suggested, compared to 46 per cent of people above age 35. Millennials also voiced strong support for socially liberal governments that increase spending on education and health care. "More young voters support elements of a progressive political agenda than older voters," a report on the polling data read.
Its author wasn't surprised to see a generation gap in political attitudes. What truly struck University of Saskatchewan political studies professor David McGrane was how uniform Millennial respondents were in their thinking. "Youth, no matter where they lived were to the [political] left of the national average," they told The Tyee. Yet this generation is also the least likely to make its voice heard during elections. Why? "We've been having trouble finding an answer to that question," McGrane said.
'Relevant to youth'
So has pollster Nik Nanos. Last year, they worked with former parliamentary budget officer Kevin Page to guess what the outcome of Canada's 2011 election might have been if more youth had actually voted. A 20 per cent increase in Millennial turnout could have prevented Harper from winning a majority, they calculated. It might also have broadened the political conversation. "What we find is that [young people's] concerns are much more diverse than older Canadians," Nanos told CBC last year.
But instead of that happening, only 38 per cent of people below age 30 bothered to cast a ballot, compared to 60 per cent of the broader population. Elections Canada later commissioned a study to better understand why youth turnout was so low. "[Millennials] were generally less interested in politics, less likely to view voting as a civic duty, and more likely to feel that all political parties were the same and that no party spoke to issues relevant to youth," its National Youth Survey concluded.
This isn't unique to Canada. A major survey last year from the Pew Research Center suggested 50 per cent of U.S. Millennials see themselves as "political independents." Under 40 per cent of older respondents felt the same. By and large, Boomers grew up in an era when personal identity was more closely associated with specific political parties. "I don't feel that connection," Van de Valk said. "In my lifetime I've never really seen leadership in any party that extends past the four year election cycle."
Canada's 2015 election is no exception, they said. At least, not when it comes to climate change. Harper's Conservatives have warned climate action could be "job-killing." But the Liberals and NDP haven't offered Van de Valk a very inspiring alternative. Neither party has clearly articulated to them how it would drastically reduce carbon emissions and shift Canada to clean energy. Meanwhile, both have offered qualified support to the oilsands. "That doesn't do it for me," they said.
Fixing the system
Canada, after all, is set to miss its 2020 climate target by 20 per cent. Van de Valk knows Millennials like them will inherit the consequences of today's inaction. They also know decisive climate policies have been implemented in places like China and Europe -- and that they're possible in Canada. What they crave is bold leadership. They don't care which political party shows it. "It is a huge fault of our democratic system that we look at climate change from a partisan perspective," they argued.
Them statement could apply to a broad range of gridlocked issues. Inequality, criminal justice, poverty -- the list goes on. "One reason young people are so disengaged from politics is they grew up in a system that can't seem to work," said Sam Gilman, CEO and co-founder of Common Sense Action, a Millennial think-tank and advocacy group with chapters on 40 college campuses across the U.S. Its logic is simple: make politics about solutions instead of partisanship, and more young people will engage.
"Our generation is different from previous generations in the sense that we care about collaborating," Gilman said. Common Sense Action is explicitly bipartisan. It recently merged with another Millennial group called Run for America in the hopes of electing a new generation of solutions-focused Democrats and Republicans in the 2016 House of Representatives election. "There aren't leaders stepping across the aisle to advance solutions to problems we face in our communities," Gilman said.
They have a long way to go. Youth turnout was just 20 per cent in the recent U.S. midterm elections, while polarization in Congress is at all-time highs. Nothing similar to Common Sense Action's bipartisan election effort exists in Canada, where the gulf between left and right is rapidly growing. But if it did, Van de Valk is a likely supporter -- especially on the issue dearest to them "We want to move away from the idea that climate change is associated with a specific party," they said. "Really it's something that all Canadians care about."
Newfound Google Maps images have revealed an array of mysterious structures and patterns etched into the surface of China's Gobi Desert. The media — from mainstream to fringe — has wildly speculated that they might be Chinese weapons-testing sites, satellite calibration targets, street maps of Washington, D.C., and New York City, or even messages to (or from) aliens.
It turns out that they are almost definitely used to calibrate China's spy satellites.
So says Jonathon Hill, a research technician and mission planner at the Mars Space Flight Facility at Arizona State University, which operates many of the cameras used during NASA's Mars missions. Hill works with images of the Martian surface taken by rovers and satellites, as well as data from Earth-orbiting NASA instruments.
The grids of zigzagging white lines seen in two of the images — the strangest of the various desert structures — are spy satellite calibration targets. Satellite cameras focus on the grids, which measure approximately 0.65 miles wide by 1.15 miles long, and use them to orient themselves in space. [Photos: Mysterious Structures In China's Gobi Desert]
The existence of these calibration targets may seem suspicious or revelatory, but Hill said it really isn't; China was already known to operate spy satellites, and many other countries (including the United States) do so as well. In fact, the U.S. also uses calibration targets. "An example I found just now is a calibration target for the Corona spy satellites, built back in the 1960s, down in Casa Grande, Ariz., [at coordinates] 32° 48' 24.74" N, 111° 43' 21.30" W," Hill told Life's Little Mysteries.
The 65-foot-wide white lines that make up China's grids are not made of reflective metal as many news sites have suggested. "They have gaps in them where they cross little natural drainage channels and the lines themselves are not perfectly filled in, with lots of little streaks and uneven coverage. I think it's safe to say these are some kind of paint," Hill said, noting that if they were made of white dust or chalk, the wind would have caused them to streak visibly.
The calibration targets are larger than might have been expected, they said, suggesting that the satellite cameras they are being used to calibrate have surprisingly poor ground resolution.
Another strange image taken not far away shows a Stonehenge-like arrangement of objects radiating outward, with fighter jets parked at its center. "This is almost certainly a calibration/test target for orbital radar instruments," Hill said. "Since a significant amount of radar return is due to differences in surface roughness, they're probably testing ways of making the areas around planes 'bumpy' enough that the planes are partially masked."
In other words, the Chinese military probably uses radar instruments to send signals down at the target from above, and determine how much radar bounces back to the instruments from the fighter jets, and how much gets scattered by the Stonehenge-like arrangement of bumps surrounding them. From this, the country's radar experts can learn how best to hide China's military operations from other countries' satellites, and possibly get clues for how to find carefully hidden objects in other countries. However, the fact that the planes are made out of metal will increase their radar return and make it very hard to completely mask them, Hill said.
Since the initial reports of these structures became widespread, industrious readers of the gadget blog Gizmodo have spotted a few more interesting structures in China. One, Hill said, appears to be a weapons testing zone, perhaps for evaluating explosives. Elsewhere, a giant grid resembles a Yagi antenna array. Instruments like this can be used for any number of things, such as weather tracking, space weather tracking and high-altitude atmospheric research.
Hill noted that most of these structures are quite closer to each other. "I think we're seeing some sort of military zone/test range, which explains the large amount of equipment and technology in an otherwise remote area," they said. "Sometimes the truth can be just as interesting, if not more so, than the conspiracies that people come up with."
* Photos: Mysterious Structures In China's Gobi Desert
* Sheikh's Name Written In Sand Visible from Space
* 'Face of Gandhi' Found On Google Mars
Copyright 2011 Lifes Little Mysteries, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Jumah is about to turn sixteen in two days and wants to leave their violent past behind him. Things seem to be better now. They have a tentative relationship building with a girl at a school. But then Jumah witnesses a stabbing and those involved want to ensure that Jumah says nothing to the police about what they saw that night.
Risks and challenges
'Sixteen' was brought to us by Writer/Director Rob Brown who wrote a great script. The script was chosen from 400 entries to be performed at the BAFTA Rocliffe New Writing Forum at Edinburgh International Film Festival 2011.
The great script secured a great crew to work with our award winning director and, most importantly, attracted a cast of brilliant actors.
Our first challenge was an 18 day shoot in the coldest April since records began! Our second challenge was shooting on such a tiny budget but everyone worked together to make it possible. The third challenge is to complete post production in 3 months.
Why are we doing that? Well we want to submit it as soon as possible to international festivals and get it distributed because we think it's a great film.
This is where you come in. Have a look at our 'behind the scenes' video and our website http://www.seizefilms.co.uk and I am sure you will see this is an exciting project. So we want to give it the best chance in post production. We have already started working with editor Barry Moen but there is still the sound design, score and colour grading to come. Our greatest challenge, we have an award winning script that has attracted great talent who enabled us to have a great shoot. Now we want to finish 'Sixteen' and make sure the film fulfils its potential.
Thank you.
Both the left and the right have been consistently peddling the wrong prescriptions for our economy. Most liberals are focused on the need for additional fiscal stimulus, and dead-set against any premature moves toward what they consider “austerity.” Spending cuts, they say, would weaken the economy. Most conservatives are equally insistent that spending cuts need to begin now—and claim that by reducing expectations of future tax increases these cuts would help the economy. At the same time, they consider monetary policy dangerously inflationary and want the Federal Reserve to tighten it, or at least not loosen it any further.
Both sides are mistaken: the right on monetary policy, the left on budget policy, both on the relationship between them. What the economy needs now, contrary to the right, is a permanent monetary expansion. If the Federal Reserve delivers one, the economy, contrary to the left, won't need new federal spending—and won't suffer from spending cuts.
There is a bipartisan misunderstanding in Washington about the important role of the Fed in creating the sharpest recession since the Great Depression. For the 25 years leading up to our current mess—the period economists have come to call “the great moderation”—the Fed did a pretty good job of stabilizing the economy. The result of its monetary policies was that the economy, measured in current-dollar or “nominal” terms, grew at about 5 percent a year, with inflation accounting for 2 percent of the increase and real economic growth 3 percent. Keeping nominal spending and nominal income on a predictable path is important for two reasons. First, most debts, such as mortgages, are contracted in nominal terms, so an unexpected slowdown in nominal income growth increases their burden. Also, the difficulty of adjusting nominal prices makes the business cycle more severe. If workers resist nominal wage cuts during a deflation, for example, mass unemployment results.
During the great moderation, people began to expect spending and incomes to grow at a stable rate and made borrowing decisions based on it. But maintaining this stability requires the Fed to increase the money supply whenever the demand for money balances—people's preference for cash over other assets—increases. This happened in 2008 when, as a result of the recession and the financial crisis, fearful Americans began to hold their cash. The Federal Reserve, first worried about increased commodity prices as a harbinger of inflation and then focused on saving the financial system, failed to increase the money supply enough to offset this shift in demand and allowed nominal spending to fall through mid-2009.
Introducing MitM-VM & Trudy: A Dead Simple TCP Intercepting Proxy Tool Set Posted by Kelby Ludwig
Positioning yourself as a man-in-the-middle (MitM) is a powerful situation to leverage during a security assessment.
Unfortunately, in some situations, leveraging an active MitM position is difficult. There are existing proxies that try to alleviate these issues but they all seem to suffer from a flaw that makes using the tool undesirable. MitM-VM and Trudy are a complimentary set of tools that are designed to address several issues with existing proxies. Together they enable easy-to-setup and powerful man-in-the-middle positions.
Why build these tools? Modifying custom binary protocols on the fly while sitting between an embedded device and a server is usually a slow process that involves sniffing legitimate traffic and then rebuilding packets programmatically. Trudy makes this process easy by enabling Burp-like features for generalized TCP traffic.
MitM-VM is a Vagrant virtual machine that can be used as a transparent proxy. For those who have not used Vagrant, deploying the virtual machine is very straightforward and the virtual machine will be configured to handle most proxying situations. A simplistic motivating example: before MitM-VM, I often used an OpenWRT router with tcpdump (or similar) to monitor the traffic of my target device. This works well in most cases, but suffers from two major issues: first, routers are equipped with inferior hardware when compared to my laptop; second, I now have two pieces of hardware to manage. MitM-VM can be configured to provide the same functionality as my multi-hardware setup. Aside from the added benefit of less physical hardware and better specifications, I now also have a fully-featured Debian box to handle my traffic. (I still love OpenWRT though!)
MitM-VM also installs and configures several utilities that can be used to monitor or modify traffic. MitM-VM's documentation lists these tools.
Trudy is written in Golang and intended to be used within MitM-VM. Trudy is a transparent proxy that works for any TCP connection and allows for programmatic and manual modification of TCP packets. Trudy aims to be simple to configure, easy to install, and generic enough to provide value in unique situations.
It does this by creating a 2-way “pipe” for each connection it proxies. The device you are proxying (the “client”) connects to Trudy (but doesn't know this) and Trudy connects to the client's intended destination (the “server”). Traffic is then passed between these pipes. Users can create Go functions to mangle data between pipes.
To proxy TLS connections, the Trudy binary spins up a TLS server with an invalid certificate. Obviously, you will need a valid certificate or a client that does not validate certificates.
Trudy was designed for monitoring and modifying proxy-unaware devices that use non-HTTP protocols. If you want to intercept and modify HTTP(S) traffic, Burp Suite is probably the better option.
Case Study
Praetorian was engaged to perform an assessment of an Internet-connected home device. This device leveraged a custom binary protocol on top of TCP that had several security issues. Notably, the protocol header information contained the packet's length information and the packet's headers were not authenticated. This length value was trusted by the device and used during a packet processing routine. An active man-in-the-middle could leverage this flaw and overflow a buffer. We needed to modify non-HTTP traffic, so Burp would not work. We also needed to modify a byte whose location and value was dependent on other information within the packet, so netsed would not work. Lastly, we wanted minimal configuration and install time, so Mallory or Squid would not work. Trudy coupled with MitM-VM alleviated all of these issues.
Getting Started
If either MitM-VM or Trudy seem interesting to you, please check out the READMEs on their respective Github repos. I have documented enough information to make getting started with either project a straightforward process. If anything seems unclear, difficult to set up, or broken please feel free to open a Github issue or contact me directly at: kelby.ludwig@praetorian.com.
The solar plane's software then scanned for the optical markers the team placed on the 13 x 16 foot mobile platform they attached on top of the car. As soon as the plane recognized the markers, it synchronized its speed with the car and touched down vertically like a helicopter. The agency says its system is accurate to within 20 inches, which will be extremely useful for smaller landing areas.
Since this method doesn't need a drone's landing gear, the team removed their test UAV's completely, bringing its weight down to 44 pounds. In real-world scenarios, doing that would allow drones to carry heavier payloads and to fly much longer, especially if they're solar powered. Also, the demo required the participation of a human driver who received commands on a screen. But in the future, a drone could be paired with a self-driving vehicle.
The aerospace center developed the technique especiallyfor solar drones that provide live updates during disasters, replace failed communications networks or provide data on climate change. We'll bet it could also be used for search-and-rescue missions, similar to the drone-truck combo DJI and Ford are developing to help UN's first responders.
Detroit's iconic ruin could get a facelift.
Matty Moroun hopes to obtain permits by the end of the week to begin work on the Michigan Central Station, which he's owned since 1996.
"We're planning to replace the roofs and put windows in it," Dan Stamper, president of Moroun's Detroit International Bridge Company, told the television station. "We believe the building's worth saving. We're doing everything we can to do that."
"It's very easy to tear stuff down. I mean, you find a contractor, get a bid, signed check and pretty soon it's gone. That's easy. Trying to save some of these beautiful buildings is a lot harder and a lot more work and a lot more investment," they added.
The depot, standing in front of Roosevelt Park in the Corktown neighborhood, is the centerfold of Detroit ruin porn. Millions of passengers passed through the train station during its 75-year run, but it's sat empty for the past 23 years, aside from urban explorers and graffiti artists.
: "Nothing symbolizes Detroit's grandiose rise and spectacular fall like Michigan Central Station."
Moroun, who owns the Ambassador Bridge along with hundreds of parcels in Detroit, has
many of their properties around the city, including the depot. He's previously said
if they could find a tenant -- or tear it down if there was a local concensus.
Replacing the roof and installing windows won't be cheap, and it's a promising sign that Moroun is investing in the property to lure a tenant instead of simply waiting for one to materialize. But the long-term survival of the station still depends on finding a tenant, according to Stamper, who estimates a complete renovtion could cost around $80 million.
Kachusha Munkanta, known among the local cycling community as "Chuey" and a generally peaceful guy, was allegedly jumped and beaten unconscious by SFPD officers after observing another arrest early last Friday morning.
Chuey ran their own line of handmade cycling caps and delivered coffee by bike for De La Paz coffee, so they were well-known around the local bike shops and clubs. A close-friend of Chuey's sent in an account of the incident to Uptown Almanac:
Thursday night/ Friday morning Chuey stopped on the side of the street in the Mission when they saw the cops having 4 Latinos lined up against a gate. They stopped to make sure the youth were being fairly treated. The cops then asked them to cross the street, when Chuey said they couldn't observe from across the street. They (2-3 cops) jumped them as they were hugging their bike. They wrestled them to the ground then continued to push them into the ground, twisting their arm, slamming their head into the ground. They were in jail for almost 24 hours and released after their family paid bail. They charged them with 3 felonies for assaulting 3 cops with enough force to cause grave bodily harm and 2 misdemeanors for resisting arrest.
Chuey was released on $150,000 bail and issued a public defender yesterday afternoon, Uptown Almanac reports. Although there's no official "FREE CHUEY" fund, local bike shops like Roaring Mouse and Box Dog Bikes are encouraging people to buy Chuey's hats to help them defer the costs of court fees, the ER visit and the MRI their doctors advised them to get. Several local companies like MASH and All Hail the Black Market have offered to donate 100% of their profits to their defense.
[UA]
Not only is M-SPA's inflatable Silver Cloud Bubble Spa (uh, I think they'd sell more just calling it a bow-up hot tub) significantly less expensive than a permanent installation, but according to Amazon reviewers, you can install it both outdoors and in. Hot Tub in the yard, hot tub on the deck, or...hot tub in the living room? Ahhh, hot water therapy, affordable luxury, and immediate proximity to the Xbox. I'm so glad I don't live in the olden days.
The M-SPA inflatable hot tub is made of 3-layer laminated PVC with a base and walls forged to sustain 184 gallons of water. Despite its seemingly on-the-cheap nature, the spa does have mechanical components, including a pump and filter, built-in control box with touch buttons for operating its air bubble jets, and a 675-watt heater capable of warming water to temperatures of 104 degrees F. The hot tub package also comes with a cover.
Muchas danke to Uncrate.
Buy Photo Clemson wide receiver Charone Peake (19) salutes quarterback Deshaun Watson (4) after the two connected on a 45 yard TD against Wake Forest during the 1st quarter Saturday, November 21, 2015 at Clemson's Memorial Stadium. (Photo: BART BOATWRIGHT/Staff)Buy Photo
CLEMSON — The golden age of the Palmetto Bowl was more like a golden flash.
Seems like a lifetime ago when rivals Clemson and South Carolina met with more than bragging rights on the line. When both teams were chasing a tenth win. When both teams were chasing the Top 10. When folks outside the state's borders actually cared about the game.
The rivalry was on its way to becoming an annual blockbuster. Two years later, the game is shaping up to be a snoozer.
Clemson is amid a dream season. South Carolina is stuck in a nightmare.
Since its last loss to South Carolina in 2013, Clemson has won 22 of its last 25 games. That includes wins against Ohio State, Oklahoma, Notre Dame and Florida State. It also includes the drubbing of Wake Forest on Saturday. Clemson has ascended to No. 1 in the College Football Playoff standings. It will face North Carolina on Dec. 5 in the Atlantic Coast Conference championship game.
Since its last victory against Clemson in 2013, Carolina has compiled an 11-14 record. It has been ranked in merely six of the last 27 Associated Press polls. It has won four of its last 16 Southeastern Conference games. On Saturday, it fell to Southern Conference co-champion The Citadel.
While Clemson celebrated its third 11-win season in the last four years, Carolina lamented its first non-conference home loss since 2007. Five years ago, on that same field, the Gamecocks defeated Alabama and dethroned the No. 1 team in the nation.
If there was any doubt before Saturday, the loss to The Citadel should dispel it. No one should expect the No. 1 team to fall in Columbia this year.
The worst part about Carolina's embarrassing loss is that interim coach Shawn Elliott was the one at the podium answering questions about it. Not Steve Spurrier.
Spurrier should have been there to explain why this program has plummeted so rapidly. And Spurrier should be there next weekend, when Clemson arrives with bad intentions.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Top 5 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The five biggest headlines in your inbox each morning Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-736-7136. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Top 5 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Consider the opposite ends of the spectrum these teams have reached through the last two seasons. Consider the larger spoils Clemson is pursuing. As sad as it sounds, at least this year, the Palmetto Bowl is not a rivalry.
It is simply a formality. A predictable pasting. A foregone contusion.
And Spurrier should be on the sideline to endure every agonizing play of it.
Yet, on Oct. 13, Spurrier officially announced their resignation. They cited their weariness and a desire to give the program a head start on finding their replacement.
Then, it was acceptable, considering all Spurriers had achieved for the program — three 11-win seasons, a five-game winning streak against Clemson, a division championship, immaculate facilities. Then, it was believable, because we could picture Spurrier pacing at practices tired, frustrated and admittedly overwhelmed.
Now, it is laughable, because we can picture Spurrier sitting calmly in a recliner while the program they left behind suffers through a four-game losing streak with a rivalry rout apparently forthcoming. Now, it is deplorable, because we can see Frank Beamer announce their plans to retire from Virginia Tech then gracefully commit to closing the season with their team.
Beamer was carried off the field after their last home game Saturday, despite Virginia Tech's loss. Spurrier did not give USC the chance to carry them off the field. They ran away from it. They ran away from the impending poundings. They ran away from the criticism that would accompany them.
They thrust Elliott into a no-win situation. OK, a one-win situation. Still, the four losses Carolina has suffered since Spurrier's departure will stick on Elliott's career record. They belong to Spurrier.
They hired this staff. They appointed the recruiting coordinator. They assigned the play-callers.
Spurrier should be the one explaining how a program that compiled three 11-win seasons cannot muster 11 wins through its next two seasons combined. Spurrier should be the one explaining the discrepancy of fortunes between USC and Clemson. Spurrier should be the one explaining Carolina's recruiting miscues, including the whiff on quarterback Mason Rudolph.
A Rock Hill native, Rudolph led Oklahoma State to a 10-0 start this season while averaging 316.1 passing yards per game. During that same span, Carolina averaged 350.6 yards of total offense.
Earlier this week, Rudolph told FoxSports.com they would have considered signing with USC. However, Spurrier never gave them the chance. Rudolph attracted scholarship offers from SEC programs LSU and Ole Miss, but not from Carolina.
Wonder why Clemson coach Dabo Swinney does not get the same heat for passing on Rudolph? Well, this Deshaun Watson guy they signed instead is a pretty good alternative.
No one is bothered that Clemson let Gaffney receiver Quinshad Davis escape to North Carolina, because Clemson signed Artavis Scott, Deon Cain and Ray Ray McCloud. No one is bothered that Clemson let Pendleton defensive tackle Michael Hill leave its front yard to sign with Ohio State, because Clemson has Christian Wilkins and Scott Pagano.
South Carolina does not have any alternatives. And that is why it presumably does not have any chance against Clemson.
The man primarily responsible for that demise is not around to accept it. Spurrier exposed Carolina to this illness. They should be there against Clemson to take their medicine.
Connect with Manie Robinson on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
The Aviation Herald Last Update: Wednesday, Feb 27th 2019 00:05Z
23848 Articles available
Events from Jun 19th 1999 to Feb 26th 2019 www.avherald.com Incidents and News in Aviation List by: Filter: Incident: Aeromexico Connect E190 enroute on Nov 6th 2016, snake on a plane
By Simon Hradecky, created Monday, Nov 7th 2016 23:22Z, last updated Monday, Nov 7th 2016 23:22Z An Aeromexico Connect Embraer ERJ-190, registration XA-GAG performing flight 5D-231/AM-231 from Torreon to Mexico City (Mexico), was enroute when a snake, likely a Gopher snake, appeared near the overhead lockers and fell down into the cabin. The flight crew requested priority and performed a safe landing in Mexico City.
The airline confirmed the incident reporting workers secured the reptile, a viper, after landing in Mexico City. An investigation is under way to find out how the reptile came on board.
The snake (Video: Indalecio Medina):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twk2lozf1lw
By Dave Cornutt on Friday, Nov 11th 2016 17:16Z
By Ingo on Thursday, Nov 10th 2016 14:54Z
By (anonymous) on Wednesday, Nov 9th 2016 17:13Z
By Marc Jacobs Carolyn on Wednesday, Nov 9th 2016 08:03Z
By Capitan on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 23:35Z
By (anonymous) on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 20:57Z
By Jim on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 19:32Z
By Not a comedian on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 17:52Z
By You're not a very good comedian on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 17:51Z
By Bill on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 16:17Z
By Ray Sharradh on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 15:39Z
By Capitan on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 13:37Z
By Capitan on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 13:34Z
By Peter Stacey on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 13:00Z
By oldguy on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 12:10Z
By (anonymous) on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 11:25Z
By oldguy on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 10:07Z
By Alex on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 09:24Z
By Forrest Green on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 03:41Z
By Arthur on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 02:54Z
By Jimbo on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 02:07Z
By (anonymous) on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 02:00Z
By rosta on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 01:24Z
By Luis Lapro on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 01:03Z
By Jose Aparicio on Tuesday, Nov 8th 2016 00:33Z
By DRC on Monday, Nov 7th 2016 23:35Z
Add your comment: (max 1024 characters) Your Name: Your Email: Subject: Your comment: The Aviation Herald Apps
Android and iOS
Support The Aviation Herald
one time
Monthly support 1 €/month
Interview: The human factor named "Simon Hradecky" and the team of man and machine Get the news right onto your desktop when they happen © 2008-2019 by The Aviation Herald, all rights reserved, reprint and republishing prohibited. We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our site, learn more
AjaxSwing automatically converts Java desktop applications to web applications. It was the first product built by our company and is still the only platform capable of automatically running Java Swing apps on mobile devices running iOS and Android. For the first 10 years (10 YEARS PEOPLE!) we were struggling with changes to AjaxSwing because we could never truly understand the effects of each code change. We wanted to automate the UI regression testing with Selenium and tried a few other alternatives, but since none were testing the page visually these tools failed to detect broken CSS and HTML formatting. Touching anything in Java or CSS code was like walking on a minefield with delayed explosions but real pain.
Screenster, a visual regression testing tool gets into action!
We have now been running pain-free with Screenster as part of our CI. We use it for visual testing, CSS testing and most of the functional testing. Given that Screenster ensures pixel-perfect regression testing, our developers are now fearless. We've built over 50 tests that go over common scenarios, and with TDD we keep adding new tests every week. Every time our CI catches visual differences of a few pixels, cropped borders or text, our AjaxSwing team celebrates Screenster and what it does for us. It has pretty much become the preferred way of implementing UI tests for both AjaxSwing and Screenster teams.
More than half of Screenster unit tests are implemented with Screenster. We are able to test both UI functionality and the visual aspects of CSS.
The fear of change is gone. Thank you Screenster! 🙂
New research lays bare discrimination faced by gay people – in not a single country do they enjoy equal rights as heterosexuals
More than 2.7 billion people live in countries where being gay is punishable by imprisonment, lashes or even death, new research obtained by the Guardian shows.
The stark figure from the International Lesbian and Gay Association (Ilga) highlights the discrimination faced by gay people around the world; the full report shows there is not a single country where LGBT people enjoy equal legal rights with their heterosexual counterparts.
Five countries – Iran, Mauritania, Saudi Arabia, Sudan and Yemen – still have a statutory death penalty for homosexuality, while a further 71 countries punish same-sex couples with lesser sentences of imprisonment or corporal punishment.
In total, 2.79 billion people live in countries where being gay can lead to prison or death – seven times as many as live in countries with same-sex marriage.
The figures do, however, also highlight the progress made by equal rights groups in winning new rights and protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people. More than 1.3 billion people live in countries with some form of legal protection against discrimination against LGBT people, while 780 million live in countries with same-sex marriage or civil unions. More than a billion people live in countries which bar workplace discrimination against LGBT people.
Renato Sabbadini, the executive director of Ilga, said the organisation's research – which has been turned into an interactive graphic by the Guardian – was of the "greatest interest" and reflected the organisation's efforts over a decade, but that more work was still needed.
"Mapping the legal situation, albeit important and very informative in terms of measuring advances or regressions, constitutes only part of the picture," they said. "It is becoming more and more important to find the human and financial resources to start a mapping exercise in relation to violence based on [perceived]sexual orientation and gender identity, as the fact that a country adopts progressive legislation is not necessarily a guarantee of the fact that the lives of LGBTI [LGBT plus intersex] people living in it will improve or cease to experience discrimination and violence."
The research reflects a year of disparate advances and regressions for the daily lives of gay people across the globe. Uganda stepped up prosecutions of people accused of being in gay relationships, while Russia's new law against a gay "propaganda" law drew worldwide ire during the Sochi Winter Olympics.
In Uganda, where being gay can lead to a lengthy prison sentence, a newspaper published the names and photos of 14 men it identified as homosexual. Photograph: Marc Hofer/AFP/Getty Images
At the same time, US courts even in traditionally conservative states have struck down bans on gay marriage, while equal marriage became law in the UK with the support of all three major political parties.
Other gay rights battles have received less attention: Kyrgyzstan, for example, is currently considering a gay propaganda law modelled almost word-for-word on the Russian ban, while Brunei is set to impose sharia law criminalising homosexuality, which is attracting international pressure, including a threatened boycott from Elton John.
Other countries face battles to extend gay rights. In Peru, the Movimiento Homosexual de Lima (MHOL), is fighting to introduce civil unions. Homosexuality is legal but highly stigmatised. Jorge Chávez, the president of MHOL, says support for civil unions sits at around 40%, and their organisation has gathered 100,000 signatures in support of the motion – but opponents have gathered still more.
"Since 1920 there are no laws that make homosexuality a crime or a misdemeanour, but police consider any homosexual public display of affection like an 'indecency' and take repressive measures," they said. "We have some data that shows some discrimination against gays and lesbians at work, and gay and lesbian children and teens are usually victims of bullying at schools. Some of them undergo 'gay cure' attempts by their parents."
"Since the civil union campaign [#UnionCivilYa] began, homophobic attacks on social networks have risen, especially from religious people."
All Out, a global campaign for equal rights, welcomed the research but said it highlighted the difficulties faced by gay people across the world.
Executive director Andre Banks said: "As a lesbian, gay or trans person, there is nowhere you can go on the planet to be treated equally under the law. It is unfair and it is untenable. But, the laws don't tell the whole story. Everywhere you go, there are millions of people who reject the notion that your ability to live openly and free from torture and discrimination should be an accident of your birth.
"All Out is channelling millions into a global movement speaking out for love and equality. We know that when more of us speak out, our friends and families and eventually our governments will join us. That's what will fuel the change in our cultures and our laws to protect every person, no matter where we are, who we are, or who we love."
Ilga plans to continue its research into rights around the world with a project looking at state-sponsored transphobia.
George Arnett contributed to this report
Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. A1 Concrete Leveling & Repair Concrete Leveling, Repair and Other Services we offer:
Driveways
Patios
Walkways
Garage Floors
Interior Floors
Stoops
Porches Sinking/Failing Foundations
Leaning Chimney Repair
Bowed Basement Walls
Foundation Crack Repair
Carbon Fiber Strap Installation
Water Proofing
Void Filling A-1 Concrete Leveling and Foundation Repair is the original concrete leveler and value leader in providing solutions for home and business owners that have foundation or leveling problems.
A-1 Concrete - Your Concrete Contactor serving the following areas of Northern Illinois - Cook County, Dekalb County, Dupage County, Kane County and Kendall County including the towns of Aurora, Elgin, South Elgin, Naperville, Downers Grove, Lisle, Lombard, Wheaton, Glen Ellyn, Villa Park, Oak Brook, Yorkville, Plano, Sandwich, St. Charles, Batavia and Geneva as well as the entire Fox Valley and Tri-Cities area.
When, in December 1992, Susan Denham became the first woman to be appointed to the Supreme Court, it was a culture shock for them and for the institution they joined. The court had had a traumatic year. Just two months earlier, one of its members, Niall McCarthy, and their wife had been killed in a car crash in Spain.
The previous February, in the X case on abortion, the judges had found themselves in the unfamiliar glare of the international media spotlight when deciding perhaps the most controversial case ever to come before an Irish court. They found it so difficult that they never spoke about it again as a group.
Into this world came Denham – a liberal, Protestant woman, 20 years younger than their new colleagues. Initially they were surprised by how isolated the judges were; the case load was relatively light, yet it was six months before they would have a cup of tea in a colleague's chambers.
Later they would institute a weekly lunch, but back then the only regular gathering was the case conference, where in winter Chief Justice Tom Finlay would chair the discussion over a turf fire. They felt it was like stepping back in time.
On Friday morning, 25 years later, Denham made their final appearance on the Supreme Court bench. The conclusion of their remarkable career is also the end of an era for the court they have led as chief justice since 2011.
Only two judges – James Murnaghan (1925-53) and Brian Walsh (1961-90) – have been on it for longer. In their time there have been three presidents of Ireland and six taoisigh. More than half the people who have been on the Supreme Court since its establishment in 1924 have sat alongside them at some point.
Breaking new ground
In the Four Courts in the early 1970s, Denham belonged to a small group of women who broke new ground just as the women's movement was raising its voice outside. In the macho world of the law library, they would often be the only woman in a courtroom.
When they and Mary Laffoy – another future Supreme Court judge – took silk on the same day in 1987, they discarded the old male frock coats that senior counsel wore and had new two-piece suits designed for themselves.
Even though they would later say that at the Bar their religious tradition made them feel more of an outsider than their gender, they also recalled, in their final remarks from the bench on Friday, that they never met hostility or prejudice.
On their first day in the Supreme Court conference room in 1992, “I felt . . . that I was on the shoulders of the pioneering women of previous generations.” They thought of women such as Gwyneth Bebb, whose application to become a solicitor was rejected in 1913 on the grounds that they were not “a person” under the relevant Act.
The eldest child of the former editor of The Irish Times, Douglas Gageby, Denham comes from a family with a tradition of both non-conformism and public service. Them mother was Dorothy Mary Lester, daughter of Seán Lester, a diplomat who became the first and only Irish Secretary General of the League of Nations.
Appointed to the Supreme Court by a Fianna Fáil-Labour coalition in 1992, Denham quickly put down a marker by giving the sole dissenting judgment in an abortion case, AG (Spuc) v Open Door Counselling, when the court rejected an application from a Dublin clinic to overturn a previous order that prevented it from assisting pregnant women to travel abroad for abortions or giving information on overseas clinics.
They also dissented in TD v Minister for Education in 2001, where a majority on the court held that Judge Peter Kelly had been wrong to direct the State to act on a pledge to build and open a number of secure units for vulnerable children.
Recognisable style
Them early judgments signalled what would become a recognisable style – clear, unadorned, principled – that would mark both their writing and, in time, their leadership. Within the court, they were seen as a conciliator, a consensus-builder, a diplomat.
Privately, the court split badly over the Sheedy Affair in 1999, a controversy that eventually forced then Supreme Court judge Hugh O'Flaherty to step down. When two other court members had earlier threatened to resign over the issue, it was Denham who shuttled between them, trying to cool things down.
They were also annoyed by the mess the Supreme Court got itself into in 2006, when it had to perform what many lawyers saw as a last-minute legal somersault so as to prevent more than a dozen sex offenders walking out of prison because of its decision to strike down a long-standing sexual offences law.
A year earlier, Denham had suggested a solution that would have averted the crisis, but the group hadn't taken it up.
(In an interesting coda to that episode, the Supreme Court in their final months as its chief this year broke new ground by introducing the concept of “suspended declarations of unconstitutionality”, which will make it easier for judges to press the nuclear button and declare a law unconstitutional without setting off unintended consequences.)
Living constitution
In time Denham appeared to tack towards the centre of the court. Or perhaps the centre came closer to them They believed in a living constitution, one that adapted to changes in society.
Them critics argued that as chief justice since 2011 they should have been more forceful in putting their own stamp on the court's output. But in their eyes they were the head of a collective.
And in their time as chief that collective took some landmark decisions – on the European Union, referendums, criminal law, surrogacy, assisted suicide and, recently, direct provision. It wasn't an activist court on the scale of the 1960s, but it was innovative and willing to think anew about old problems.
For the late Adrian Hardiman, the court was too quick to side with the State over defendants in criminal cases, an area in which they often found themselves in the minority. But even they acknowledged that the court was also willing to take decisions governments didn't like. For example, Denham and their colleagues were scathing of the executive for failing to enact laws on assisted human reproduction.
In their valedictory remarks on Friday, Denham recalled that when they started out as a barrister 40 years ago, court buildings were damp and musty, with mushrooms growing on the walls. Sometimes court business was done in “borrowed dance halls and bars”.
One of their greatest legacies is a courts structure and system that has changed more in the past 20 years than at any other time since the 1920s.
They were instrumental in the setting up of the Courts Service and the building of the Criminal Courts of Justice in Dublin. The establishment of the Court of Appeal in 2014 had its roots in a report they wrote a decade earlier and lobbied governments to implement.
Heart of conflict
That role as intermediary between the judiciary and government was to push Denham into the heart of the conflict over pay and pensions between 2009 and 2013. They were fraught years. On occasion the judiciary divided on its approach, with disputes between the Four Courts and Merrion Street regularly spilling into the public domain.
Some judges believed Denham allowed themselves to get too close to government, and felt they didn't share enough information with them. They felt they had a duty to avoid public confrontation, and believed more could be achieved through persuasion than conflict. That was in keeping with their style. But they had ways of exercising their authority.
When John Murray and Adrian Hardiman, who sat beside them in court for a few years, started to speak over one another in their eagerness to berate some hapless barrister, they would gently raise and straighten their hands in a way that only the men who sat beside them could see. It was classic Denham: low-key, unshowy and effective.
“She rarely showed irritation and almost never anger,” their colleague Donal O'Donnell recalled in a tribute on behalf of the court on Friday.
“Only very dedicated Denham watchers would have noticed that on some days the hairband was pushed much further back on the head, the hand rustled impatiently in their envelope of pens and paperclips, and the Gaiety School of Acting could have taken courses in the amount of emotion that could be contained in the act of putting down a pen.”
In their tribute, O'Donnell remarked that Denham's career had been “characterised by loyalty to the country, to the administration of justice, and perhaps most of all to the institution that is the Supreme Court”. They also spoke of their “quiet and insistent patriotism”. But O'Donnell also noted Denham's aversion to fuss, their insistence on being clear and direct.
Fittingly, that was how they bowed out. “In conclusion,” they said, “I have enjoyed the honour and privilege of being a judge of this State.” They had been a judge for 26 years, they said, but the time had flown. “So, for the final time, following in the steps of Yeats, I will arise and go now.”
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk (center) breaks ground on a new commercial launch site in Brownsville, Texas with Governor Rick Perry (right) on Sept. 22, 2014. The new spaceport will be operated solely by SpaceX.
The private spaceflight company SpaceX has begun construction on a new launch site in Texas, a seaside spaceport that will be used to blast commercial satellites into orbit a few years from now.
SpaceX officially broke ground on the facility, on Monday (Sept. 22) in Brownsville, Texas. The new launch site will be located near Boca Chica Beach, at the far southern tip of the Lone Star State.
"We appreciate the leadership of [Texas] Governor Rick Perry and numerous other federal, state and local leaders who have helped make it possible for SpaceX to build the world's first commercial launch complex designed specifically for orbital missions," SpaceX's billionaire founder and CEO, Elon Musk, said in a statement.
Artist's illustration of SpaceX's planned spaceport in South Texas, which broke ground on Sept. 22, 2014 and should begin launching commercial satellites to orbit in 2016. (Image: © SpaceX)
"With today's groundbreaking at Boca Chica Beach, we will begin an investment in South Texas that will create hundreds of jobs and, over time, contribute hundreds of millions of dollars into the local economy," Musk added.
Texas offered SpaceX about $15 million in incentives to build the spaceport within the state's borders. The facility should be operational by 2016, SpaceX representatives said.
The Hawthorne, California-based SpaceX currently launches its Falcon 9 rockets from pads at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, as well as California's Vandenberg Air Force Base. The company also has a lease to use NASA's historic Launch Pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, and launched its first Falcon 1 rockets from a remote launch site on Kwajalein Atoll in the Pacific Ocean.
SpaceX holds a $1.6 billion deal to fly 12 robotic cargo missions to the International Space Station (ISS) for NASA using the company's Dragon capsule and Falcon 9 rocket. And last week NASA announced that it had awarded SpaceX $2.6 billion to ferry astronauts to and from the space station with an upgraded version of Dragon, beginning in 2017. (NASA also gave Boeing $4.2 billion in another astronaut-taxi contract.)
But SpaceX's ISS cargo and crew missions won't blast off from the new Texas spaceport, which is designed just for commercial satellites. Resupply flights to the orbiting lab — three of which SpaceX has already completed, with a fourth underway at the moment — will continue to launch from Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, while crewed missions will lift off from NASA's Kennedy Space Center, which is right next door.
Texas State Senator Eddie Lucio, Jr., who worked with the governor's office to get the $15 million allocated for the SpaceX incentives, said they have high hopes for the new spaceport.
"I hope the new launch site will propel a dramatic culture change in our region of the state, encouraging more of our children to pursue careers in engineering and science," Lucio said in a statement. "Future generations of South Texas residents will look to this site and know that not even the sky is the limit for where their dreams may take them."
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
I'm a big sucker for the Resident Evil video games. Give me the scrawny-turned-jacked Chris, “Made in Heaven” Claire, or even a Jill sandwich, and I'll be good to go. However, even as a fan of the series, I too have been questioning and am somewhat conflicted with its change of pace and its approach to gaming that it has made in its more recent instalments. In general terms, the Resident Evil series has shifted away from its well-known survival horror aspects and become more focused on action. Sure, making it more of an action game doesn't immediately make it horrid, as there are admirable features, but the concern is that the series that many have come to know and love now merely exists as a label, and not for what it has done exceptionally well in the past – survival horror.
Many yearn and cry out for the Resident Evil series' beloved classic survival horror genre to make a return to its roots, even if it's through HD remakes/remasters of past instalments. Some even consider the series dead due to the more recent instalments. Nonetheless, while I am crossing my fingers and hoping for another Resident Evil game to test my puzzle skills and get my heart racing, I do not consider the Resident Evil series dead. Sure, it's on thin ice, hanging by a thread, or whatever you want to call it, but with RE: Revelations and RE: Revelations 2, there's hope for the series and the anticipated Resident Evil 7.
The Resident Evil Series' Classic Survival Horror
(Editors Note: In terms of outlining the RE series, the focus will remain on its main games and not the spin-off games like Dead Aim, Outbreak, Operation Raccoon City, etc.)
Resident Evil, first released on the original PlayStation console, set the stage for the series' immersive survival horror. Gamers experienced a scarcity of ammo, the feeling of an enemy lurking around every corner, limited saves through ink ribbons, limited inventory space with accessibility to a storage box, intriguing puzzles, and a dynamic area to explore and backtrack that gradually expanded as one progressed through the game. What shall never be forgotten, however, is the cheesiest of cheesy voice acting and dialogue.
When RE2 was released, it was a real game changer. Although it inherited the same elements present in RE, it was one new feature that made it unique all on its own – the “Zapping System”. Being able to play through four different scenarios each presenting unique events and choices that affect the next scenario. It was a step in the right direction for the series. Then came RE3: Nemesis, a game that added the ability to dodge attacks, shoot objects like explosive barrels, utilize an ammunition creation system, and occasionally choose between two options that affect the game and story. Not to mention, you also had Nemesis chasing after you throughout the game. A year later we were given RE Code: Veronica, where gameplay stayed relatively the same as RE3: Nemesis, but it was the upgraded visuals, the ability to use dual-wielding pistols, and the addition of a “continue after a game over”, where we saw the improvements.
______________________________
“…the concern is that the series that many have come to know and love now merely exists as a label, and not for what it has done exceptionally well in the past – survival horror.”
The last game to have a strong focus on survival horror, and keep elements that represented the classic RE series, was RE Zero. Again, largely the same as past instalments in terms of gameplay, there were two new key features: the removal of the storage box and a new “Partner Zapping System”. With the removal of the storage box, fans were forced to drop items on the ground and retrieve them at a later time to create free space in their inventory. The “Partner Zapping System” incorporated the ability to switch (“zap”) between Rebecca Chambers and Billy Coen throughout the game to solve puzzles and explore an area. These two new features provided a new approach to surviving in the infected and zombie filled world of Resident Evil.
Even with the tweaks and changes to instalments that came after the first RE game, the games still had survival horror at their forefront. They progressively made changes to improve the experience, instead of changing their approach entirely. Even when implementing game changing features like the “Zapping System” or “Partner Zapping System”, it was implemented in a way that complemented the survival horror genre. Of course, there comes a time where we run out of things to improve and tweak – or at least think we have – which is where things can get a little crazy.
The Choice of Action Over Survival Horror
Starting from RE4, we saw many key elements that made up the Resident Evil series' classic survival horror formula begin to disappear. In RE4 we experienced a new camera angle, follow-up attacks, quick time events, enemies approaching in hoards, and a section-by-section level design which had minimal backtracking and revisiting areas by choice not possible. While the typewriter was still used to save your game, the function of the ink ribbon was removed. Next, RE5 was released and the changes made in RE4 were still present along with some new features such as a focus on co-op play, vehicle related fights, an abundance of ammo, and puzzles that weren't as appealing as its predecessors. We also saw the complete abolishment of the saving technique with the typewriter. Finally, when RE6 came along, we witnessed action indefinitely chosen over survival horror. RE6 brought the changes in RE5 forward in addition to even more features, such as herbs transforming into tablets, a completely different inventory style, the ability to tumble, roll, shoot while lying on the ground, perform a quick shot, and the presence of an excessive amount of quick time events and vehicle related fights. It also brought in multiple campaigns that intertwine with one another which served to be quite interesting.
Now, it might seem like I'm pointing out how each Resident Evil game, starting from RE4, became progressively worse than the one before it, which is not exactly the case. What I am trying to point out are the changes each game had, especially changes to elements most prevalent and important to the original Resident Evil games that had survival horror in the forefront.
In RE4 there were a number of changes to the right things that made it a near perfect fit for the time it was released back in 2005. From RE4 to RE5 we saw a relatively nice progressive change, but changes that hinted in the shift towards more action; however, the jump from RE5 to RE6 was so drastic with many changes to elements that didn't necessarily require any. RE6 is immensely detached from its RE roots that even with the return of key characters from the RE series – Leon, Chris, Ada, and Sherry – it is easily a more enjoyable action game than an enjoyable Resident Evil game. As it stands, this is where I find the RE series to be on thin ice. With that in mind, consider this: people don't like change, especially to something they adore. Meanwhile, people also don't like it when things stay the same and become repetitive. So, what's needed? Something that might seem obvious – A balance and middle ground between change and sameness, action and survival horror.
A Balanced Approach and the Spark of Hope
Although RE: Revelations was released a few months before RE6, it surprisingly debuted on the 3DS instead of a home console. Even more surprising was that it brought back elements prominent in the series' almost forgotten survival horror genre. We were reunited with features like the scarcity of ammo, the feeling of enemies lurking around every corner, emphasis on exploration, slower paced action, and intriguing puzzles. Even when played on the 3DS I felt a sense of nostalgia with feelings that mirrored the ones I had when playing the original RE games. Running out of ammo and hearing an enemy creeping around a nearby corridor was something I missed experiencing and it finally had returned. Even more so, it showed that a balance between action and survival horror was slowly being grasped and implemented. Eventually RE: Revelations 2 came along and was jam-packed with references to previous games. It presented a sort of hybrid between RE2's “Zapping System” and RE Zero's “Partner Zapping System” in which choices and actions made by Claire and Moira effected Barry's and Natalia's play through, while also allowing you the ability to switch between Claire and Moira or Barry and Natalia for further exploration and to solve puzzles. Again, there was a scarcity of ammo, scares I wasn't expecting to experience, and the start towards a balanced approach. In addition, it has a storyline that focused heavily on characters and events important to the RE series.
______________________________
“Seeing elements of the survival horror genre make a return and having action complement them instead of running the show is what sparks my hope for the series and continues to fuel that fire.”
Based on RE: Revelations and RE: Revelations 2, there's a progressively stronger grasp on the needed balance between action and survival horror that is being realized and acknowledged. This progress towards a balance can potentially change the fate of the RE series for the better. RE: Revelations and RE: Revelations 2 may not be the ideal games fans are seeking, but it seems to be getting closer to the one they've been yearning for. Seeing elements of the survival horror genre make a return and having action complement them instead of running the show is what sparks my hope for the series and continues to fuel that fire. As a result, the Resident Evil series is on thin ice, but isn't dead quite yet.
Whether the series takes a turn for the worst, or the better, in Resident Evil 7 can only be judged once we see it in action. As for me, I yearn for a balance that will bring the series back on track to please not only newcomers, but also the fans that have stuck around from the beginning. At the very least, I hope we can get our hands on remakes/remasters of the original RE games…specifically RE2; however, for the moment, we'll just have to cross our fingers and hope for the best as we head into the future.
Convicted sex offender Brian Golsby was wearing an ankle monitor when they allegedly kidnapped, raped, and murdered OSU student Reagan Tokes.
Now a Franklin County grand jury has approved charging Golsby with attacking six other women in and around the German Village neighborhood of Columbus, Ohio.
Prosecutors say Golsby attacked Josie Merkle, an elderly white female, in German Village on January 23rd. Prosecutor Ron O'Brien says they are not charging Golsby for that attack because it would only result in a misdemeanor conviction. Instead, they are charging Golsby for six other attacks that took place afterward.
An unnamed elderly white female was attacked on January 24th. Other unidentified female victims were attacked on Jan. 27, Feb. 1, Feb. 2, Feb. 6, and Feb. 7. The attacks occurred in German Village and near the Nationwide Children's Hospital. These areas are over 85% white.
O'Brien says they know where Golsby was at the time of each attack because of their ankle monitor. Reagan Tokes was killed on February 9th. It makes you wonder how soon the authorities believed Golsby was the perp and why Golsby was not picked before they killed Tokes.
Several Columbus media outlets reported that the attacks were taking place in German Village, but censored the race of the perp. In fact, after the first two attacks, CBS affiliate WBNS-10TV reported that “The description of the suspect in both attacks is similar.” Yet they refused to tell their audience what the description was.
If WBNS-10TV had simply reported that the perp was a tall skinny black guy with hair braids, victim number three may have avoided being attacked, called the police, and Tokes might still be alive today. Political correctness was apparently considered to be more important than public safety.
In 2010, Golsby raped a Grove City woman at knife point right in front of their two-year-old son. Then they forced them to withdraw money from their ATM. They were sentenced to six years in prison. While they were in prison, they were cited 45 times for bad behavior. When Tokes was killed, they were living in a halfway house on the east side of Columbus.
The 2010 rape victim was never identified in media reports. However, Grove City is 93% white. The perp clearly targetted majority white areas for their attacks. Since local media censored their race during their alleged string of seven attacks around German Village, it seems unlikely that they will bother to investigate any possible racial motive.
Ngaio Bealum is a Sacramento comedian, activist and marijuana expert. Email them questions at is a Sacramento comedian, activist and marijuana expert. Email them questions at ask420@newsreview.com Advertisement
I hear Los Angeles has a farmers market for marijuana. How cool is that?
—Mr. Hella Green Jeans
Way cool. Too bad the city of Los Angeles is trying to shut the market down.
A recap: This past Fourth of July weekend, West Coast Collective held a medical-marijuana farmers market in a warehouse behind its dispensary. It worked just like any other farmers market: The growers set up tables to display their wares, and patients got a chance to meet with and purchase from the people growing their medicine. The market was a success (a huge crowd with many patients saying they really appreciate the vibe and the low prices), so they held another one the following week.
Of course, the city of Los Angeles won't stand for it. Last week, L.A. City Attorney Mike Feuer sought and received an injunction to force the farmers market to close. Sad news for now, but I am sure the market will reopen somewhere else soon.
By the way, cannabis farmers markets aren't a new thing. There used to be one in Sacramento a few years ago.
And before Washington legalized cannabis, there were farmers markets all over, especially in the Seattle and Tacoma area. Cannabis farmers markets are great; it's like visiting a weed bazaar. Plus, buying directly from the growers means that the prices are phenomenal. I never saw any cannabis, even the best stuff, for more than $10 per gram. Those are like 1989 prices.
We should actually be encouraging more things like this. The solution seems pretty simple: Find a spot, designate it as the only farmers market allowed in L.A., and make sure everyone pays their marijuana sales taxes, and leave them alone. It's not rocket science.
As marijuana becomes more and more legal, the parallels between weed and wine become more and more apparent. People like to go around and look at different kinds of marijuana and hear the story of the plant, just like people like to go to wine tastings and meet the vintner and hear about the grapes that were planted in 1923 from a cutting of an old French vine someone's grandma smuggled in during prohibition. Whether it's a wine tasting or a “kind” tasting, it's the same sort of thing. Maybe Los Angeles could try to be ahead of the curve and on the right side of history. As if.
Senate Bill 1262: yay or nah?
—Willie Wonkette
Eh. S.B. 1262 would regulate MMJ dispensaries in a California. It has garnered some support on both sides of the aisle. I can't say I am a fan. It doesn't prevent cities from banning collectives (to be fair, no legislation has done that, not even in Washington or Colorado). Also, it would essentially cut out all of the outdoor growers in the northern counties unless they followed the regulations and paid the fees. Good luck getting the outlaw hippies to go along with that. Seems a bit unworkable to me. I say let's get a good legalization initiative on the ballot for 2016 and end this legislative BS.
What can't Chris Pratt do?
The 35-year-old actor jumped onstage beside singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett at the Jurassic World premiere party Tuesday night to help sing back-up alongside Buffett's touring group, the Coral Reefer Band.
At the tropical-themed bash, held at the Ray Dolby Ballroom in Hollywood, Pratt joined in on Buffett's “Margaritaville,” while also giving shout-outs to their costar Bryce Dallas Howard and their mom.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
After wrapping the movie premiere event next door at the Dolby Theatre, Pratt spent hours during the festive evening posing for photos with fans, alongside their wife, Anna Faris.
RELATED VIDEO: Are You Ready for Jurassic World?
Partygoers enjoyed tropical drinks, Mexican food and took in the scene beneath fake palm trees, while surrounded by dinosaur sculptures, fake dino eggs and tiki-hut bars.
Samsung stations brought the mythical theme park to life with virtual reality headset stations and Jurassic Park video games.
Jurassic World opens in theaters Friday.
2014-15 SERIE A REVIEW
Serie A Pts P W D L F A 8th 55 38 14 13 11 59 48
Coppa Italia: Round of 16 / Team rating: 4 / Top scorer: Icardi (22)
Europe: Europa League Round of 16
It was yet another season filled with disappointment and change for the Nerazzurri as they regressed from last season and in the process left plenty of unanswered questions for the future, writes Varun Mathure.
Searching for signs of positivity
“It was important to end with a win. This is the positive thing, along with the fact that Mauro [Icardi] finished as Capocannoniere.” These two lines from Roberto Mancini probably summed up Inter's 2014-15 season rather effectively, for the year gone by was indeed a massive let down.
The season had started off with a sense of positivity around the club as it was to be the first full year under President Erick Thohir's flight attendantship. Furthermore, with Marco Branca gone as technical director, there was a cautious sense of optimism as investments were expected in the squad.
The summer got off to a good start with the club securing the services of Nemanja Vidic, Dodo and Gary Medel. Vidic was expected to bring in some balance and experience to the back-three, but they didn't settle into Serie A and failed to really get going in Walter Mazzarri's 3-5-2 formation. The first game of the League campaign ended in a tame 0-0 draw away to Torino, where the Serbian was sent off.
There was a hint of brief positivity when the Nerazzurri romped to another 7-0 win over Sassuolo with Mauro Icardi netting a hat-trick, but familiar problems resurfaced in a 1-1 draw away to Palermo where once again a mistake by Vidic put the team on the back-foot early on.
This was a sign of things to come, as regardless of the starting XI used by Mazzarri, results just wouldn't arrive and the defence always looked as if it was somehow just managing to hang on regardless of the opposition they were up against. It is fair to say that without one of the best goalkeepers in the League - and perhaps Europe - in Samir Handanovic, the team may have struggled to even reach the mediocre points total it did.
The breaking point for Mazzarri came during the November international break. Inter conceded a late goal against Verona to leave them with just four wins in their first 11 games and lying ninth in the table. There was a rebellious attitude from the fans towards the Coach, whose name was not read out at San Siro before the game to avoid it getting booed.
Mazzarri's constant excuses too had tested the patience of the fans with the now-infamous “everything was going well, then it rained” proving to be very irksome. This, coupled with their stubbornness in moving away from the 3-5-2 formation, had left the club with no choice but to get rid of them within six months of offering them an extended contract.
Back came Roberto Mancini to return to the club they had left six summers ago. The side they inherited was nothing like the side they had left though, and both the aims and the means of the club were widely different to their first tenure in charge. In rehiring him, Thohir was making the populist choice hoping to appease the fans who were starting to desert San Siro.
Mancini's first move was to abandon the three at the back and revert to a more traditional four-man backline. This tinkering of formation though didn't change the ineptitude of the players playing in it. The defence was simply not reliable enough and the 48 goals conceded were the third-most for any side in the top 10.
The team did at least start playing a slightly better brand of football and there were some memorable results like the come-from-behind draw against Lazio and the 1-1 result against Juventus either side of the Christmas break. The January transfer window too was an excitable affair as Lukas Podolski made their way on loan from Arsenal, whilst the real coup was the signing of Xherdan Shaqiri from Bayern Munich.
With the teams above faltering on a regular basis, there was genuine belief among the fans, the team and the management that the Nerazzurri could possibly contest for a top-three spot. But, once more the failure to address the deficiencies in defence in the transfer market cost the team dearly, as it couldn't defend its goal to save its life.
Inter just managed to keep eight clean sheets throughout the entire season, and was shut out nine different times. They kept leaving themselves a mountain to climb through silly mistakes at the back, conceding the opening goal of the match on no less than 17 occasions during the campaign. In fact, the team let in goals in the first 10 or last 10 minutes of a match 16 times, which is remarkable for a side wanting to contest for Europe.
Even Mancini was left visibly frustrated by their players' inability to concentrate for the full 90 minutes. After the Coppa Italia exit against Napoli following an injury-time goal by Gonzalo Higuain, they remarked: “We were like a bunch of chickens, it was five against one. It was a ridiculous goal to concede.” It wouldn't be the last time they were left ruing lapses from individuals.
One of the very few positives under the new Coach was the team's ability to bounce back from adversity. Despite going a goal or two behind, on many occasions the Nerazzurri managed to recover enough to salvage a point from the game. This was a notable difference to life under Mancini's predecessor, as during Mazzarri's tenure the team had failed to recover a result after going two goals behind.
It wouldn't be wrong to brand the season gone by as an utter failure. However, despite the club failing to achieve any of the goals it set itself both before and during the season, there were faint glimmers of hope for the future.
Even so, the club now finds itself on a precipice, with UEFA already having sanctioned it under Financial Fair Play regulations, meaning there is intense scrutiny on how the Nerazzurri spend their money.
Rumours abound that Samir Handanovic is ready to leave the club, while the futures of both Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic are in question - with these players being the only ones who could get significant value in the market.
Inter have talked about chasing Yaya Toure and spending money, but whether it is the right move in signing accomplished players at the cost of young talents is certainly questionable. An uncertain summer lies ahead.
The Coach - Walter Mazzari (Weeks 1-11), Roberto Mancini (Weeks 12-38)
It was the third season in the last five years that Inter had more than one man in charge during the same campaign. Mancini took over with the team in trouble, but on the results front they failed to turn things around. In fact, the team finished with fewer wins and points than last year. However, taking over from someone else in the middle of a season is never an easy job.
Player of the Year - Mauro Icardi
The young Argentine put their controversial off-field life firmly in the background by having a breakout year in Serie A. Their 22 goals meant they ended the season as joint-Capocannoniere alongside Luca Toni and became the youngest to achieve the honour since Paolo Rossi in 1978. Despite some issues with Inter fans during the season, they have their firm backing to be the lead man for next season.
Did you know?
- Inter's victories over Palermo, Atalanta and Cagliari in February were the first time since November 2012 that the team had won three League games in a row.
- Inter last finished in eighth place 15 years ago in the 1998-99 season when the team went through four different Coaches - Gigi Simoni, Mircea Lucescu, Luciano Castellini and Roy Hodgson.
- Mauro Icardi became Inter's 14th Capocannoniere in Serie A history, with the Nerazzurri overtaking Juventus in the process.  They are only the third Inter player to bag the honour in the last 25 years. Milan have had one of their players bag the top goalscorer award the most times with 17.
Squad
The comedian and TV star was scheduled to headline the annual event; Fox News host Greta Van Susteren said they would refuse to attend if they hosted.
Louis C.K. will not be speaking at the 68th annual Radio & Television Congressional Correspondents dinner, The Hollywood Reporter has confirmed.
The stand-up comedian and creator/star of FX's Louie had been announced as the headlining act for the journalists' celebration back in January, but CNN's Peter Hamby, who first tweeted the news, wrote that the star's agent explained that "He just didn't want to do it anymore."
Fox News host Greta Van Susteren wrote on their blog Thursday that they would refuse to attend if they hosted.
C.K. is an Emmy winner for their work on The Chris Rock Show and earned four more nominations last year for their edgy FX series and their stand-up special Louis C.K.: Hilarious.
More than 1,200 people attended the region's first Colour Walk at Zabeel Park, which involves throwing coloured powder around, purely in the name of fun.
DUBAI // It was a rainbow-coloured Friday for Dubai residents who doused friends, family and strangers with multi-hued powder as part of the region's first Colour Walk.
More than 1,200 people gathered at Zabeel Park for a five-kilometre walk during which they sprayed each other with coloured powder made from cornstarch and organic colouring.
The event draws from the Indian festival Holi and it aims to promote physical activity by getting children and adults out of the house.
“When we were finished, we were covered in every single colour,” said Colleen McGwin, a schoolteacher.
“People were throwing colour at each other and everybody was happy and didn't mind strangers putting colour on them. Once we were out there, it was, ‘you need some blue? Some green'?”
Colour stations along the track added to the festivities by throwing coloured powder on participants who were given bright-coloured sunglasses to cover their eyes.
People walked twice around the park and, at every colour station, they were handed a different colour until the end of the race, when powder of all colours was available.
Families with young children, students and work colleagues started arriving at the park more than two hours before the event began.
“It was an amazing, vibrant and energetic day,” said Priya Robert, a human resources manager who participated with 10 relatives and friends.
“People were dancing and throwing colour in the air. There was a rainbow of colours. Kids were rolling around on the ground in colour.”
Karim Seifeddine, the head of corporate communications at Citibank, said it was a good way to get children outdoors.
“It is good to get together with family and have the children outside, instead of playing on their iPads,” they said.
“I've brought my friend and my sister has also brought their friend,” said their daughter, Yasmina, 11. “Throwing colour is just such fun.”
The organiser, Fernando Valle, decided to set up the event in Dubai after participating in a similar event last year in Los Angeles.
“It is a great experience; there is nothing quite like it,” they said. “It's good to get people walking and having fun.”
rtalwar@thenational.ae
NEW WESTMINSTER (NEWS1130) – Politicians in New Westminster say it's getting worse by the day; the City warns truck traffic on the Pattullo Bridge will continue to rise unless tolls are reduced on the Port Mann.
Last night, New Westminster's council agreed to formally ask the provincial government to lower tolls on the Port Mann after a city report suggested heavy truck traffic on Royal Avenue, McBride Boulevard, and the Pattullo Bridge is up 10 per cent since the tolls were brought in.
The mayor and council have been very vocal about this topic for some time; they feel drivers are heading for the free alternatives and the increased truck traffic is a safety concern on the aging and crowded Pattullo.
Drivers we spoke with along McBride this morning agree with the idea of lowering tolls.
“Since they put the toll on the other bridge, it's been just brutal,” says one man. “I think dropping the toll [for trucks on the Port Mann] would be a great idea. I think they'd have much more options and they'd probably take it because they'd save more money.”
“I'm sure they'd make it up in volume because I'm sure thousands less people are using that bridge every day directly because of the toll.”
But TI Corp, which oversees the Port Mann, says truck traffic is also up on that bridge since tolls kicked in last December. It tells the Vancouver Sun they are reviewing the rates and potential discounts for all customers, including trucks.
I was look­ing for some more infor­ma­tion on how to con­struct lazy sequences and real­ized that there is lit­tle in the way of doc­u­men­ta­tion on lazy sequences in Clo­jure. These design notes were the best I could find on the sub­ject and while they are illu­mi­nat­ing, I thought the con­cept could be explained bet­ter.
Lazy Sequences are an inte­gral part of the Clo­jure pro­gram­ming lan­guage but one you don't see in a lot of other pro­gram­ming lan­guages. A sequence, in Clo­jure, is a sort of metatype or pro­to­col. It sig­ni­fies a class of datas­truc­tures which store items in a log­i­cal sequence, such as arrays or lists. Clo­jure has sev­eral types of sequences includ­ing clas­sic Lisp-style lists, vec­tors (which cor­re­spond most closely to arrays in other lan­guages,) and lazy sequences.
Lazy sequences are inter­est­ing datas­truc­tures in the sense that they aren't really datas­truc­tures. Instead they are objects which con­form to the sequence API, but which con­tain a func­tions which return the next item in the sequence. So while call­ing first on a Clo­jure list, returns the item stored in the first cons cell in the list, call­ing the same on a lazy sequence instead calls a func­tion which returns both a value and another func­tion. The value is returned by first. Here's a small sub­set of the sequence pro­to­col func­tions and what they do:
Regular Sequence Lazy Sequence first returns the first item in the sequence calls a function which returns both a value and another function; returns the value rest returns a sequence with the first item removed calls a function which returns both a value and another function; returns the new function second returns the second item in the sequence calls the function returned by rest ; this function in turn returns both another value and another function; returns the function nth returns an item from the sequence n steps from the head executes a chain of n functions and returns the last value returned drop returns a new sequence equivalent to the current sequence with the first n items removed executes a chain of n functions and returns the last function returned last returns the last item in the sequence calls every chained function until no more functions are returned; returns the last value returned take returns a sequence of the first n items in the sequence executes a chain of n functions and returns a sequence of all the values returned
It should be clear after read­ing this that lazy sequences are anal­o­gous to old style Lisp cons cells. Whereas in a cons cell, the head con­tains an item and the tail con­tains a pointer to the next cell in the list, with a lazy sequence, the func­tion returns both an item and the next func­tion in the sequence.
In fact, in Clo­jure, one can mix cons cell based lists with lazy sequences. A one point in the list the tail of a cons cell is set to the head of a lazy sequence so that the first por­tion of the sequence is a con­crete list while the remain­der is an ephemeral lazy sequence. You actu­ally make this hap­pen with the code below:
user> (def foo (conj (lazy-seq [1 2 3]) 0)) #'user/foo user> (type foo) clojure.lang.Cons user> (type (drop 1 foo)) clojure.lang.LazySeq
It's also worth not­ing that this can go the other way. A lazy sequence can also return a con­crete sequence rather than a lazy sequence pair. This allows struc­tural shar­ing with other sequence types.
This rather clearly sum­ma­rized what lazy sequences are, but it does­n't say much about why one would want to use them. The short answer is that lazy sequence make things pos­si­ble that would be impos­si­ble with­out them and solve prob­lems that would oth­er­wise have to solved with state­full variables.
A Clo­jure lazy sequence allows for an algo­rith­mi­cally gen­er­ated log­i­cal sequence which does­n't have to exist in mem­o­ry. Among other things, this makes it pos­si­ble to have infi­nite sequences, or to use sequences to rep­re­sent objects which are too large to load into mem­o­ry, (such as large files,) or even to rep­re­sent abstract sequences which don't exist as such. This also makes it pos­si­ble to com­pose sequence oper­a­tions before actu­ally oper­at­ing on sequences, which allows for a lot of per­for­mance enhance­ments, such as par­al­leliz­ing an entire pipeline.
Take for example:
(iterate inc 1)
This will gen­er­ate a sequence of num­bers start­ing with one and incre­ment­ing by one onto infin­i­ty. You loop over this with another sequence and have index num­ber avail­able for each item in that sequence, like so:
user> (doall (map #(println (str %2 ": " %1)) persons (range))) 0: Irene 1: Joe 2: Steve 3: Fred 4: Thomas 5: Louise 6: Carlotta 7: Johnson (nil nil nil nil)
That's a sim­ple exam­ple, but line-seq let's one oper­ate on a file one line at a time with­out read­ing the whole file into mem­o­ry. tree-seq let's one oper­ate on a tree struc­ture as a sequence, one node at a time, with­out hav­ing to con­vert the whole tree into a sequence.
You'll notice that lazy sequences ful­fill some of the uses of an iter­a­tor object in other lan­guages.((In face Clo­jure has the iterator-seq func­tion which wraps Java iter­a­tors.) In that they cre­ate an abstract inter­face which allows one to loop over anything, with­out hav­ing to worry so much about mem­ory usage or per­for­mance. That's what lazy sequences do.
So how does one gen­er­ate and use lazy sequence? Well the good news is that most Clo­jure which emit sequences emit lazy ones or will at least do so if they are passed a lazy sequence in the first place. This includes func­tions like map , remove , filter , take , drop , concat , and oth­ers. To gen­er­ate a lazy sequence from scratch you can use one of the gen­er­a­tor functions:
Some Clojure sequence generator functions range A lazy sequence of numbers with an option starting value, maximum value, and step size repeat An indefinitely repeating sequence of a constant repeatedly An indefinite sequence consisting of the output of repeated calls to the same function iterate A lazy sequence of output of repeated calls of a function, passed the output of the previous call to same function
Each of the func­tions gen­er­ates a lazy sequence from some pre­con­di­tion and one can expand on it using map or sim­i­lar func­tion.
In addi­tion, one can gen­er­ate lazy sequences from scratch using the lazy-seq macro. This macro takes a form which gen­er­ates a sequence and wraps it in a func­tion which is used as the tail of a lazy sequence. You can recur­sively gen­er­ate a lazy sequence then, with a recur­sive func­tion that wraps it's body in a call to lazy-seq . For example:
(defn iterate [fn val] (cons val (lazy-seq (iterate fn (fn val)))))
Here, ‘ iterate ' returns a lazy sequence, which when invoked, returns val and another call to iter­ate with (fn val) as the input. This is in fact equiv­a­lent to the built-in iterate func­tion. You can use lazy-seq like this as a wrap­per for any func­tion which recur­sively build­ings a list to instead cre­ate a lazy sequence.
A Homer man shot and killed a charging sow brown bear at Humpy Creek last Friday. Kim Woodman, 57, shot the bear five times with a 10mm handgun before the bear fell about 6 feet from him. While backing away from the sow, Woodman fell and accidentally shot themselves in the left foot.
Woodman was able to get to their skiff and return to Homer, where they checked into the South Peninsula Hospital emergency room. Woodman had no injuries from the bear, said Jack Blackwell, area superintendent of Alaska State Parks, Kenai-Prince William Sound region.
Blackwell said Woodman surprised a brown bear with two cubs while hiking about 4 p.m. July 29 off the trail along the southwest fork of Humpy Creek in Kachemak Bay State Park. The bears were probably feeding on pink salmon in the creek. Woodman filled out a defense of life and property report, and Park Ranger Jason Okuly and Alaska Department of Fish and Game biologist Jason Herreman went to the scene and found the dead sow bear. They reported the sow had two gunshot wounds, one below the right eye and one in the chest.
They recovered the skull and paws to prevent trophy looting. The carcass was about 6 feet from where Woodman tripped.
“It was fairly close,” Blackwell said.
Fish and Game Kenai Area biologist Jeff Selinger said the sow had been lactating, but it's unknown if the sow had cubs of the year or older cubs. Older cubs would have a good chance of surviving, but younger cubs would not. Selinger said Fish and Game won't make an effort to look for the cubs unless they hear reports of the cubs hanging out in the area. Biologists would have to be certain the cubs were orphaned and not another sow's cubs.
“We care about the animals. The thing we want to avoid is making a bad situation worse,” Selinger said.
Selinger said this is the first defense of life bear shooting they know of since 2002, when they began working for Fish and Game on the Kenai Peninsula. Black bears are more common in Kachemak Bay State Park.
People who shoot bears in self defense are normally required to salvage the hide and skull, but because Woodman was injured, they did not have to do so, Selinger said.
This is not Woodman's first defense of life bear shooting. In September 1992 while moose hunting near Ohlson Mountain, they shot a brown bear Woodman said was stalking him. According to an Oct. 1, 1992, Homer News article, Woodman injured the bear with a rifle shot at close range and then killed it when the bullet failed to pierce the bear's skull and it got up.
Woodman does not have a public phone number, and they did not return a Facebook message for comment.
Michael Armstrong can be reached at michael.armstrong@homernews.com.
Howard Arnold Jarvis (September 22, 1903 – August 12, 1986) was an American business person, lobbyist, and politician. They were an anti-tax activist responsible for passage of California's Proposition 13 in 1978.
Early life and education [ edit ]
Jarvis was born in Magna, Utah, and died in Los Angeles, California. They graduated from Utah State University. In Utah they had some political involvement working with their father's campaigns and their own. Their father was a state Supreme Court judge and, unlike Jarvis, a member of the Democratic Party. Howard Jarvis was active in the Republican Party and also ran small town newspapers. Although raised Mormon, they smoked cigars and drank vodka as an adult. They moved to California in the 1930s due to a suggestion by Earl Warren.[2] Jarvis bought their home at 515 North Crescent Heights Boulevard in Los Angeles for $8,000 in 1941.[3] By 1976, it was assessed at $80,000.[2] They married their third wife, Estelle Garcia, around 1965.[1]
Political career and Proposition 13 [ edit ]
Jarvis was a Republican primary candidate for the U.S. Senate in California in 1962, but the nomination and the election went to the moderate Republican Thomas Kuchel. Subsequently, they ran several times for Mayor of Los Angeles on an anti-tax platform and gained a reputation as a harsh critic of government. An Orange County business person, they went on to lead the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association and spearheaded Proposition 13,[4] the California property tax-cutting initiative passed in 1978 which slashed property taxes by 57%.
Politics and Proposition 13 [ edit ]
Jarvis employed use of the California initiative process of which "Prop 13" was made into law and the initiative became popular with California homeowners. "Prop 13" placed a ceiling on property taxes which had previously been assessed relative to assessed value based on current market valuation of real property by county assessors. That the initiative process of Proposition 13 created a different formula for property taxes (1% of purchase price of property) was popular with the 1970s single family homeowner of California. Jarvis argued an assessed value of property based on unattained gain that exceeds the original home purchase price is an unrealized gain and homeowners found "Prop 13" appealing since it was based on the actual purchase price of real estate. During the inflationary period of the 1970s assessments had increased each year and single-family homeowners who had purchased their homes in an earlier time claimed the new tax assessments unaffordable. The "Prop 13" initiative sets a formula for property taxation at 1% of the purchase price of real estate.
Proposition 13 (officially named the People's Initiative to Limit Property Taxation) was an amendment of the Constitution of California Section 1. (a) The maximum amount of any ad valorem tax on real property shall not exceed one percent (1%) of the full cash value of such property. Property values could be reassessed every year indexed to inflation with a cap of 2% per year. The one percent (1%) tax to be collected by the counties and apportioned according to law to the districts within the counties.
Jarvis and their wife collected tens of thousands of signatures to enable Prop. 13 to appear on a statewide ballot, for which they garnered national attention.[4] The ballot measure passed with nearly two-thirds of the vote.[4] Two years later, voters in Massachusetts enacted a similar measure.[4]
Impact on rent control laws [ edit ]
In California, municipal enactment of rent controls followed the high inflation of the 1970s (causing rents to continually rise)[5]:1 and the statewide Proposition 13, which set property tax rates at 1%, and capped yearly increases at 2%. Leading the campaign to enact Prop 13, Jarvis tried to get tenants to vote for Prop 13 by claiming that landlords would pass tax savings along to tenants; when most failed to do so, it became an additional motivating factor for rent control.[5]:2
Awards [ edit ]
In 1979, Jarvis received the S. Roger Horchow Award for Greatest Public Service by a Private Citizen, an award given out annually by Jefferson Awards.[6]
Film appearance [ edit ]
In 1980, they had a cameo appearance in the film Airplane!, playing an incredibly patient taxicab passenger. This was an inside joke that people outside California were probably unaware of since Jarvis, a champion of fiscal responsibility, spent the entire movie sitting in an empty cab waiting for the driver to return, with the meter running all the while. Jarvis had the final line in the movie, which they said after the end credits. Still sitting in the cab with the fare at $113 and still rising (equivalent to $344 in 2018), having not moved at all, they look at their watch and says "Well, I'll give them another twenty minutes, but that's it!"
Year Title Role Notes 1980 Airplane! Man in Taxi
Bibliography [ edit ]
Jarvis, Howard; Robert Pack (1979). I'm mad as hell : the exclusive story of the tax revolt and its leader. New York: Times Books. pp. 310 pp. ISBN 0-8129-0858-9. OCLC 5170210.
References [ edit ]
Smith, David A. (Summer 1999). "Howard Jarvis, Populist Entrepreneur: Reevaluating the Causes of Proposition 13". Social Science History. Duke University Press. 23 (2): 173–210. doi:10.2307/1171520. JSTOR 1171520.
As outlined in last week's post , GEO is publishing a series of articles on the attendees of the Bay Area Worker Coop Academy (WCA) in Oakland, California, both to highlight them as young or evolving businesses in the Bay Area and to examine some of the lessons learned from the Academy. In this week's post, we feature a worker-owned start-up that attended the Coop Academy at the very beginning of the business's formation.
New Hope Farm in Pinole, California is a small, cooperatively owned, diversified farm in the East Bay Area that uses rotational grazing and other agro-ecological practices. Since the summer of 2014, the farm's three stakeholders have leased five grassy acres encircled by undeveloped grazing hills, which are under the jurisdiction of the East Bay Municipal Utilities District. Starting in the spring of 2015, they added several different layers of fence to demarcate the property, erected a tool shed, and set up a moveable paddock for goats and sheep. A few flats of collard green starts waited in the shade for planting, and Hank Herrera and I watered a row of fruit and nut tree saplings. Herrera, one of the three worker-owners of New Hope, was relieved to see that most of them were showing a few folded bright green leaves, which meant the team had successfully kept them alive to face their first season.
New Hope attended the 2014 WCA as a freshly formed group of aspiring cooperators with a vision. Herrera had been a supporter of the Sustainable Economies Law Center for a while, and they heard about the Coop Academy just at the time when he, Gray Kolevzon, and Monica White were planning to form their own coop. It seemed like an obvious opportunity for them to get acquainted with the ins and outs of starting their own worker-owned cooperative.
New Hope's vision is to develop a network of small, cooperatively owned farms that will eventually be the supply chain for small, cooperatively owned corner stores in the East Bay with healthy food products. They hope to model their cooperative network after the Arizmendi Association of Cooperatives , an umbrella coop of six Bay Area bakeries. This means that the coop will ideally be made up of worker-owners who collectively make decisions about hiring, wages, and benefits.
Collectively, Herrera said, the three owners already had “many years of experience in organizations and the non-profit world and the for-profit world and the farming world.” The Academy complemented their previous experience with valuable cooperative cultural education, ranging from the principles and history of the cooperative movement to detailed financial lessons. Herrera also appreciated the cooperative financial lessons, which helped him, Kolevzon, and White develop a strategic plan and a graphic representation of their cooperative for their final project.
According to Herrera, attending the Academy “refined their vision, rather than changed it.” A lot of the information was new—the organizational structures, lessons on financial details, and the history and principles of the cooperative movement. Though the group had understood the basic economic ideas of coops, they would not have known how to implement them without this sharing of fundamental and broader ideas.
More than anything, the Academy helped this aspiring coop feel tied in to a network of local coops and coop support structures. New Hope will be putting their first plants in the ground this year and starting the long process of building towards a network of cooperative enterprises in the East Bay.
When they realize their vision, in ten or twenty years, you may be able to walk into a worker owned and operated corner store in East Oakland and buy a locally raised shank of lamb from a worker owned and operated farm in Pinole. The surplus from your purchase would fund livable and democratic jobs throughout the short supply chain. By training and supporting small businesses like New Hope — and continuing to provide ongoing post-course support — cooperative academies like the WCA are contributing to a slow, deliberate reinvention of the economy, business by business. Lambs and collard greens are just one place to start.
Go to the GEO front page
An editorial published by North Korean state media is singing the praises of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, singling them out as a key figure in helping to unify the Korean peninsula.
The DPRK Today article by Han Yong Mook, a self-described Chinese North Korean scholar, labels Trump as a “wise politician” and a “far-sighted presidential candidate”.
The article simultaneously slams Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton and urges the US electorate not to vote for her: “The president that US citizens must vote for is not that dull Hillary – who claimed to adapt the Iranian model to resolve nuclear issues on the Korean Peninsula – but Trump, who spoke of holding a direct conversation with North Korea.”
The article is optimistic that Trump can bring about the realization of North Korea's “Yankee Go Home” slogan.
Han writes: “Trump said they will ‘not get involved in the war between the South and the North,' isn't this fortunate from North Korean's perspective?”
The editorial also welcomed Trump's statement in March that they would consider withdrawing US military forces from Seoul if South Korea does not contribute more to its own defense.
N. Korea vows to stop nuke tests if US ends military drills with Seoul https://t.co/MtmylPXwKapic.twitter.com/Ffn6EIZn9N — RT (@RT_com) April 24, 2016
Analysts told North Korea News that although the endorsement didn't officially come from Pyongyang, it was likely reflective of government views.
“This is very striking,” Aidan Foster-Carter of the University of Leeds told NK News. “Admittedly it is not exactly Pyongyang speaking, or at least not the DPRK government in an official capacity. But it is certainly Pyongyang flying a kite, or testing the waters.”
#NorthKorea endorses @realDonaldTrump, kind of. By their friends ye shall know them. I'm quoted in this article (tx)https://t.co/LDGmZc6LzG — Aidan Foster-Carter (@fcaidan) May 31, 2016
“For the rest of us, this is a timely reminder – if it were needed – of just how completely Trump plans to tear up established US policy in the region; and what an irresponsible, unthinking menace the man is,” they added.
Read more
John Feffer, director of Foreign Policy In Focus described Trump as the “Dennis Rodman of American politics — quirky, flamboyant, risk-taking” and Pyongyang is hopeful they will change the “political game in the United States” and change the perception of Korean issues.
Earlier this week, North Korea's UN envoy had dismissed Trump's proposal to discuss Pyongyang's nuclear program with Kim Jong-un directly as a "kind of propaganda or advertisement" in their campaign.
"It's for utilization of the presidential election, that's all...This is useless, just a gesture for the presidential election," So Se Pyong, North Korea's ambassador to the United Nations in Geneva, told Reuters.
In May, Pyongyang published a government statement through DPRK Today expressing its openness to improving relations with South Korea.
However, the proposals were rejected as "a bogus peace offensive" by the South Korean Defence Ministry, Reuters reported.
Donald Trump has indicated for months now that they plan to veer away from decades of bipartisan US policy toward Israel by moving the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and giving Israel tacit (if not explicit) permission to build more settlement housing in the occupied territories.
But statements this week from the Trump administration have instead presented a muddled policy that is leaving observers in Jerusalem and Washington uncertain about the president's true position — and what they really thinks about Israel's current plans to expand its presence in the West Bank.
On Thursday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer issued a statement announcing that while “we don't believe the existence of settlements is an impediment to peace, the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal.”
That statement came in the wake of a report from the Jerusalem Post quoting an unnamed White House official urging “all parties to refrain from taking unilateral actions ... including settlement announcements,” because the administration is “[v]ery interested in reaching a deal that would end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.”
It was the first time the Trump administration had weighed in on the explosion of promised settlement expansions since Trump took office: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government has announced some 5,500 new housing units in the territories since January 20, and appeared poised to create an entirely new settlement as compensation to settlers who were recently evacuated from the illegal Amona settlement.
And the promise to immediately move the embassy to Jerusalem — a campaign promise often made by candidates and never fulfilled — has yet to manifest.
This has created confusion on all sides: Has Trump suddenly changed their position after all?
Nobody's sure exactly what is going on
“It looks like the Trump administration is still saying that the basic U.S. policy toward Middle East peace hasn't changed,” Daniel Shapiro, who served as US ambassador to Israel in the Obama administration, told the Washington Post.
Shapiro also told the Post that White House statements made it seem like the administration was interested in peace negotiations, and that that was why it was concerned about the recent announcements of substantial settlement expansion.
But not everyone was nearly as sure as Shapiro. Israel's ambassador to the United Nations, Danny Danon, told Israel Radio, “It's still too early to tell. I would not categorize this as a U-turn by the US administration.”
Israeli journalist Gershom Gorenberg told me that if the Trump administration thinks settlements are “not an impediment to peace,” then that “couldn't be a more explicit change to US policy.” That's because every US administration since the Johnson administration has called settlements an obstacle to peace — or even illegal.
“It is clearly stated that this is altering previous policy,” said Gorenberg. “This is not a return to the Obama policy; it is not a return to bipartisan American policy on settlements. This is something new.”
One unnamed senior Israeli diplomat texted Reuters correspondent Luke Baker that "Netanyahu will be happy” because they now have "[p]retty much carte blanche to build as much as we want in existing settlements as long as we don't enlarge their physical acreage. No problem there."
Tzipi Hotovely, Israel's deputy foreign minister, saw the phrasing as a sure sign that the Trump administration believes “the continuation of building does not harm the peace process.”
“What this statement does is water down the positions of the last four administrations,” said Aaron David Miller, who served in both the Bush and Clinton administrations and is now a scholar at the Woodrow Wilson Center.
But, they said, these recent Trump administration statements send Israel a “flashing yellow light,” when what the Israelis had expected was a green light.
What changed?
It's unclear what's happening behind the scenes of the administration.
Back in November the administration began floating their position on settlements. As I wrote at the time, Jason Greenblatt, then the Trump transition team's position person on Israel, told Israeli Army Radio, “It is certainly not Mr. Trump's view that settlement activities should be condemned and that it is an obstacle for peace, because it is not an obstacle for peace.” That kind of language was remarkable, and a departure from a position held over decades of US foreign policy in the region.
Almost immediately, ministers in Netanyahu's right-wing government began celebrating the dawn of a new era of settlement growth.
It's possible the Trump administration is annoyed by just how quickly and aggressively Netanyahu has moved without consulting with the White House. It's also possible that new members of Trump's Cabinet are weighing in.
After all, newly confirmed Defense Secretary James Mattis was on the record in 2013 expressing concern about the growth of settlements. As Ron Kampeas of the Jewish Telegraph Agency (JTA) reported in December, Mattis had worried aloud, “If I'm Jerusalem and I put 500 Jewish settlers out here to the east and there's 10,000 Arab settlers in here, if we draw the border to include them, either it ceases to be a Jewish state or you say the Arabs don't get to vote — apartheid.”
Donald Trump has themselves had various evolutions of thinking on the peace process. As a candidate, they at first said they would be “neutral” on the issue, a word rarely used in the context of the Israel-Palestine conflict, particularly in an election year.
Spice's statement indicated that the president has not finalized their position on policy going forward and will consult with Netanyahu when the Israeli leader arrives in Washington for a face-to-face conversation on February 15.
Meanwhile, the region continues to parse the statements coming from the White House like they're Talmudic texts.
About “Me and Your Mama”
On November 10th, 2016, following an elongated reprieve from the musical world, Childish Gambino premiered “Me and Your Mama” on Apple Music's Beats 1 Radio with Zane Lowe. The dreamy experiment between funk and rock served as the first preview of Gambino's highly anticipated third studio album, “Awaken, My Love!”
Prior to its official release, Gambino wheeled the song out a number of times to tease fans. First, after much speculation surrounding the possible end of their musical career, Gambino headlined the 2015 Bonnaroo Music Festival and surprised fans with this then-untitled song. The song was next spotted in a promo entitled “Momma” for the first season of Gambino's critically acclaimed FX show, Atlanta. Perhaps most notably, Gambino opened up their secretive three-day music festival PHAROS in September 2016 with a variation of this song.
Canadians will get what they want when it comes to electoral reform, even if it's the current first-past-the-post system the Liberals campaigned against, the minister in charge says.
"Look, if an overwhelming majority of Canadians tell us that they want system X, we will deliver on that need and listen to what they've said," Democratic Institutions Minister Maryam Monsef told Chris Hall in an interview on CBC Radio's The House.
But they don't think that's what people want.
"We know that we made this commitment based on evidence and what we heard from Canadians. So, we will continue to work towards that commitment of 2015 being the last first-past-the-post federal election."
It wasn't the only climb-down of the week. After widespread criticism from the opposition parties, the Liberals agreed to support an NDP proposal that gives no one party a majority of seats on the committee that will study electoral reform.
"Ultimately, our decision was guided by the need to move the conversation about electoral reform away from a hyper-partisan debate on process and towards actually getting the committee to begin it's work of hearing from Canadians," Monsef said.
Minister of Democratic Institutions Maryam Monsef discusses the decision to support the NDP proposed structure for the electoral reform committee. 8:17
"For us it was an opportunity to demonstrate that, you know, we're going to give the opposition the majority on this...You know that promise we made to do politics differently during the campaign? We're going to honour that."
Monsef: Conservatives consulted
At the behest of the NDP, seats on the committee will be allotted proportionally according to the popular vote in last year's federal election. The 12-member committee would be composed of five Liberals, three Conservatives, two New Democrats, one member of the Bloc Québécois and Green MP Elizabeth May.
The original plan was to form the committee on the current seat count. That would have meant six Liberals, three Conservatives and one New Democrat. The Bloc and the Green Party would have been allowed to sit on committee, but wouldn't have been able to vote.
The course correction still wasn't enough for "mighty ticked off" Conservative democratic institutions critic Scott Reid.
Reid was responding to the Liberal-NDP deal on Electoral Reform 0:43
They described the agreement between the New Democrats and Liberals as a "backroom deal" and said they were not consulted beforehand — something Monsef flatly denied.
"They were consulted," they told The House. "Wednesday afternoon, both Scott and their deputy critic Blake [Richards] and I sat together in the House of Commons. I asked for their feedback on the NDP's motion. I let them know that I was interested in working with them to see something move forward."
Referendum on table
Figuring out what the preferred "system X" is still an issue.
The Conservatives have long been insisting that a national referendum be held before the electoral system is changed.
Monsef suggested a referendum isn't out of the picture if the committee ends up recommending one in its final report this December, but threw water on the idea.
"I have yet to be persuaded that in the 21st century a referendum is the best way for us to gauge that broad buy in of Canadians," they said.
"When it has happened in Ontario for example, in B.C. for example, half of the population has not participated in that debate. We're not hearing from the marginalized …. That begs a question … is a referendum the best tool for engaging broad support, and secondly, is it wise for the government to presume where things are going to be?"
The government is racing up a deadline of May 2017 to change the country's electoral system, in order to give Elections Canada enough time to adjust to a new voting process as needed.
​"With this work, as you can see, a lot of work can happen in one or two days," Monsef said. "So every day matters."
Listen to CBC Radio's The House at 9 a.m. (9:30 NT) on Saturdays. Follow on Twitter @CBCTheHouse.
The Chicago Blackhawks crest is the most gorgeous team logo in sports, vibrant and proud. Only the bullies and bureaucrats of grievance could possibly find stereotyping offence in the noble profile of an Indian chief. Originally designed to honour an American army unit, the Black Hawks Division, formed in the First World War, in turn commemorating a Sauk and Fox Indian leader who actually fought against the U.S. government during the War of 1812.
The Chicago Blackhawks logo is a styllized caricature.
But of course the professional taste inquisitors have taken umbrage because that's what they do, if primarily to justify their existence, endlessly striving to homogenize the language and the landscape. Colour your world beige, bland and banal. Pejorative is in the eye of the beholder. Appropriation is up the nose of the stiff-necked. That would be, in this instance, the Equity Summit Group, a censorious cabal of school board officials who want students in Ontario barred from wearing clothes with “offensive” logos, demanding the provincial government reach right into private closets and sift out the purportedly injurious garb via formal dress code: A no-go logo zone encompassing “the use of pejorative names, logos and mascots,” condemning the imagery and names as “exploitation of indigenous cultural, spiritual and intellectual identity, and in many cases, a racist misrepresentation of that identity,” as per a letter sent last week to Education Minister Liz Sandals and other educational stakeholders.
Article Continued Below
Not just the Blackhawks chief but all sports teams names and depictions which allude to First Nations communities. So shame on you, Brockville Braves, Lorne Park Ojibwa and Mississauga Mohawks — among the 40 clubs across the province that feature indigenous nomenclature and iconography, according to the Ontario Human Rights Commission. For heaven's sake, Mississauga is an Anishnaabe word. Should the city be rebranded? How about Toronto, derived from an Iroquois term meaning “where there are trees in the water”? This is the fallacious point where Truth and Reconciliation becomes mistruth and retribution; where a bunch of self-anointed censors appropriate historical injustice and squeeze it through the sanitizing wringer. Racism is a term too easily thrown around, draining and diluting it of meaning. Since when has mere referencing of a tribe or an indigenous character constituted racism, particularly if the allusion is affectionate or — pardon the buzzword — empowering? Indian isn't derogatory, not remotely comparable to the N-word; that's preposterous. There's no slur implied, contrary to the human rights complaint recently filed by a Mississauga father who, predictably, proclaims themselves “outraged.” These are expressions of respect, a borrowing of prestige and significance. And we are all allowed to borrow because nobody owns history, nobody has a patent on cultural imagery. The Cleveland Indians have endured withering criticism for clinging to their cartoonish Chief Wahoo (actually a brave, one feather) emblem, though he's been downsized in recent years, with the club emphasizing a blocky “C” on away uniforms. Naysayers object to the big nose and the red pigmentation, but he's a caricature, and caricatures are always exaggerations. I don't see where red skin is inherently racist, any more than black or brown. Nor are big noses a feature exclusive to any ethnicity. Yet small groups of Native Americans have staged protests on Opening Day for the past two decades. And every year, polls show an overwhelming majority of Clevelanders opposed to ditching the grinning 'toon. Again, the alleged stereotype is in the eyes of the perceiver. There's much to be said for institutional tradition and heritage, which means as much to fans of a sports franchise as it does, from the reverse angle, to First Nations activists who object to the co-opting of their ancestral lore.
Some news organizations — including the Cleveland Plain Dealer, whose sports reporters came up with “Indians” when the club formally changed its name in 1914 — have called for the benching of Chief Wahoo. A few won't even allow “Indians” — a word recently deleted from one of my own A2 columns, though both “Indians” and Chief Wahoo appeared in a piece by a sports columnist colleague on the same day. No sports franchise has come under more intense condemnation for “racist” terminology than the Washington Redskins. I understand why the name would offend many First Nations people, taken on its surface merits or lack thereof. More than 100 groups, associations, human rights agencies, etc. have called for a switch, with even President Barack Obama urging a change. Owner Dan Snyder is adamant that they won't.
Article Continued Below
In an emotional 2013 open letter, they wrote: “I respect the opinions of those who disagree. I want them to know that I do hear them, and I will continue to listen and learn. But we cannot ignore our 81 year history, or the strong feelings of most of our fans as well as Native Americans throughout the country. After 81 years, the team named ‘Redskins' continues to hold the memories and meaning of where we came from, who we are, and who we want to be in the years to come.” If displeasure and derision translated to the turnstiles, no doubt Snyder would have a change of heart. But it hasn't. He's the owner, they can call the team whatever they damn well pleases. That's a right the Equity Summit Group would co-opt for itself, as it rummages through your kid's closet. Rosie DiManno usually appears Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
When it comes to well-being -- as measured by health, education and income -- the southern 'red states' continue to be in worse shape compared to their Yankee rivals, according to a study called the Measure of America, released Wednesday by the Brooklyn based-Social Science Research Council.
The state of the nation is often expressed through Gross National Product, daily stock market results, consumer spending levels, and national debt figures. If the stock markets up, everyone should be happy, says the general consensus. TV hosts are smiling. Movie stars are buying more bling and having babies with other movie stars. Miley Cyrus is spending all of their Hannah Montana money trying to find herself.
But these numbers provide only a partial view of how people are faring. Human development is defined as the process of enlarging people's freedoms and opportunities and improving their well-being. The Human Development Index is an alternative to the market's money metrics and instead measures the real freedom ordinary people have to decide who to be, what to do, and how to live in their prospective states.
The first Human Development Index was launched in 1990 by the United Nations and was the brainchild of Indian economist Amartya Sen and Pakistani economist Mahbub Haq. It has been an annual feature of every Human Development Report since, ranking virtually every country in the world from number one (currently Iceland) to 177 (currently Sierra Leone).
This is where we fare in the Measure of America.
In the heat map that ranks U.S. states on a scale of 0 to 10, 10 being a high level of well being, Democratic or so called 'blue states' dominate on the end of the scale while Republican strongholds rank the lowest.
The best state in the union? Connecticut, of course. When you're the world's headquarters to hedge fund traders, the wealth gets spread around. The state ranks 6.17. When considering education levels, 20% have just a bachelor's degrees and 15% have advanced degrees. At least 53% graduated from high school. And only 11.4% did not, which for the richest state in the country is still high, though the number includes much older generations and immigrants. Average life expectancy is 80.8 years old 81.8% of the state's school aged population (3-24) are in school. Democrats control the joint.
On the low end of the scale it's Mississippi. They rank just 3.81 out of 10 with an average life expectancy of 75, 76% of the student aged population (3-24) are in school and only 12% with a bachelor's degree. Just 7% of the state have advanced degrees and 19% have less than a high school education. That state is run by Republicans except for one Democrat in the House of Representatives.
The highest ranking state south of Mason Dixon is Florida, with an index score of 4.82.
See the heat map here.
Not all blue states are rolling in the well-being. Michigan is the stand-out at 4.76 on the index. The state has a Republican governor and a mixed representation in the House, but the Senate is still blue. Neither party in Washington nor in the state itself has been able to improve the quality of life in the state as Detroit's auto labor woes continue.
The state saw the greatest decline in human development over the past decade and is the only U.S. state
whose 2010 Human Development Index score is lower than its 2000 score.
Other Key Findings
Only six states—Montana, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, West Virginia, and Wyoming—plus the District of Columbia finished the first decade of the 2000s with higher median earnings than they had in 2000 (in inflation-adjusted terms).
People living in the nation's twenty-five largest metro areas tend to have higher levels of well-being and access to opportunity than the average American. Only four metro areas, Houston, Tampa–St. Petersburg, San Antonio, and Riverside–San Bernardino, have HD Index scores below the national average of 5.03.
The metro areas that perform best on the American HD Index are, starting from the top, Washington, DC, San Francisco, Boston, Minneapolis–St. Paul, and New York. Workers in the top-ranked Washington, DC metro area make over $14,000 more than the typical American wage-earner, are more than twice as likely as other Americans to have a graduate degree, and live 2.1 years longer.
Ironically, while Detroit is dragging down Michigan, Washington's political industry and its derivatives, from media companies based there to cover the Fed and Congress, to lobby firms, have helped increase its well being. Thank you, Mr. President?
The five metro areas with the greatest increases in their index scores from 2008 to 2010 did so largely on the strength of improvements in health and longevity: Baltimore, Washington, DC, San Antonio, Dallas, and Boston. San Antonio, although it ranked last in 2008 and second-to-last in 2010, is gaining ground at a comparatively quick clip.
Meanwhile, the five cities with declines in index scores from 2008 to 2010 were Detroit, Portland, Atlanta, Miami, and Tampa–St. Petersburg due to a loss of income for the majority people in those metro areas, the report states.
Data on the report is from 2010. This is their second report since the first one in 2008-09.
There are many ways to measure well-being. Most of it is on an individual level. For the purposes of the study, stagnant to declining incomes over a 10 year period, coupled with health issues and educational attainment, at least, make Republican stronghold states less apt to rank high on the index than the wealthier northeastern states. The index is not a measure of individual happiness.
So, yes, dear readers in 'Bama, the fact that you can hunt a gator and buy an M5 probably makes you a lot happier than the 30 year old paying $2,000 a month for a 400 square foot hole in the wall in Brooklyn commuting 45 minutes to their job as doorman in the Upper East Side. Give yourself a high-five.
