A couple months ago, I posted a blog post explaining my use for low-quality smartphone photos. It involved a smart image cropping algorithm written by Michael Macias, using ImageMagick and written in Ruby. I've actually used the algorithm quite a bit in preparing new photos for my homepage – although there's one major problem – it's amazingly slow. Take a look at the kind of processing it does:
On large JPEGs from my own photo library, like the one above, this Ruby script takes roughly 2 seconds to perform a smart 124px square crop on the most interesting part of the image:
Matched 9 images. Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7054.JPG => ./18.jpg in 1801.717ms Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7055.JPG => ./19.jpg in 1856.692ms Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7052.JPG => ./20.jpg in 1787.717ms Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7059.JPG => ./21.jpg in 1727.487ms Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7057.JPG => ./22.jpg in 1716.977ms Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7056.JPG => ./23.jpg in 1692.648ms Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7058.JPG => ./24.jpg in 1887.043ms Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7051.JPG => ./25.jpg in 1977.311ms
As I often run this algorithm on entire folders of images at once, I decided to experiment and reimplement the entire program in C++. As a developer that works primarily with Python and Ruby, I've always felt a small amount of guilt for incurring the crazy performance overhead of interpreted and heavily dynamic languages. (A friend of mine working in the hardware industry recently got angry over the fact that they were working to make chips faster, while us developers then “throw away” the speed gains by running interpreted languages!)
Trying libjpeg
While the original Ruby script took maybe 2 hours to write, my straight port to C++ took more than 10! Most of this time was spent navigating the API of libjpeg , fumbling with pointers and buffer arithmetic, and hunting down type casting errors that subtly caused inaccurate results. However, check out the speed gains:
Thumbnailing 9 images... Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7051.JPG... 63ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7052.JPG... 41ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7053.JPG... 5ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7054.JPG... 33ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7055.JPG... 36ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7056.JPG... 31ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7057.JPG... 35ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7058.JPG... 30ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7059.JPG... 34ms.
The same sample images that took ~2 seconds to process in Ruby take, on average, 35ms to process in C++. That's a speed up of more than 50x. This happens to line up roughly with the popular language benchmarks that put Ruby at ~45x slower than gcc-compiled C++, despite the fact that a lot of the work is done by RMagick. (I should point out that these programs are not exactly identical – the libjpeg version makes some small feature concessions in the name of speed. Their output is nearly identical, however.)
What's also interesting is the cost in developer time and code quantity. The original Ruby script was ~80 lines, give or take comments – while my C++ port is ~350 lines. In this one isolated, little-optimized, amateur test, C++ took 4x the code and 5x the development time to deliver 50x the performance.
Trying Magick++
However, this joyous speed boost was short-lived. I soon discovered that my libjpeg -based solution was quite buggy. Most cameras nowadays don't rotate the raw image from the sensor before encoding to JPEG, preferring a lossless “orientation” flag in the EXIF data instead, forcing the decoding library to parse this to display the image upright. Unfortunately, libjpeg doesn't contain any built-in facilities to “right” an image with such a tag, and doing so manually is extremely difficult. In addition, I hadn't written any custom image scaling code, so I depended on a libjpeg flag to scale down the input image by a power of two before decoding.
Faced with this insurmountable rotation bug, and after spending another 8 hours trying to fix it, I decided to yet again rewrite the solution using Magick++, ImageMagick's C++ client library. Without further ado, the benchmarks:
Thumbnailing 9 images... Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7051.JPG... 340.717ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7052.JPG... 287.965ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7053.JPG... 94.133ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7054.JPG... 279.776ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7055.JPG... 286.434ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7056.JPG... 281.245ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7057.JPG... 289.052ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7058.JPG... 280.193ms. Processing Originals/2012/NYC/IMG_7059.JPG... 283.7ms.
For numerous reasons here (Magick++ overhead, image pre-scaling, orientation correction) the Magick++-using code falls right in the middle in terms of performance. It's ~8 times slower than using libjpeg directly, but much more correct and still more than 5 times as fast as the equivalent Ruby code.
This final version of the program took about 2 hours to put together, with most of that time spent searching for auto-orientation code (eventually pulling it out of Magick's Mogrify command-line tool) and optimizing for speed.
The Value of Abstractions
When given the right amount of abstraction – in this case, a fast C++ library – writing the code to be adequately fast was trivial. Using old-school C-style library integration, on the other hand, ended with me wasting hours making little to no progress. The resulting program was indeed much faster, but questionably worth the time and frustration. (My head still hurts from getting improper call to jpeg library in state xyz errors repeatedly, only to find zero helpful documentation on each error state.) Using a low-level library simply requires more knowledge and more mental state than any commonly used high-level language. (Of course, this sounds obvious.)
Capitalism 3.0: An Institutional Revolution in the Making
C. Otto Scharmer, a senior lecturer in Organization Studies at the MIT Sloan School of Management, presents this lecture on the latest emerging version of economics. They give details about their theory of capitalism 3.0, referred to as an intentional ecosystem economy, and advocates collective (rather than individual) economic leadership mindsets.
Warning: Physics Envy May be Hazardous to Your Wealth
Andrew Lo is MIT's Harris & Harris Group Professor of Finance and Sloan School of Management Director. They deliver this lecture on comparisons between physics and economics, highlighting some unexpected results.
Lunch with a Laureate: Robert Merton
The Nobel Prize-winner, whose areas of expertise consist of financial engineering and innovation, as well as risk management, describes their breakthrough work on derivatives. Audience members' questions direct Merton toward a discussion of the role of derivatives in the current financial crisis.
The Culture Beat and New Media
The “golden age of arts criticism” has arrived with substantial economic implications, despite a decrease in print journalism. Art discourse translates well to the Web as entertainment shifts from the broadcast model to an interactive form. MIT professor Douglas McLennan and online arts forum editor Bill Marx describe the challenges of developing a working business model for this growing economic field.
Are You Ready for IPO?
A group of four panelists gives fresh and sincere insight into the realm of entrepreneurship. With straightforward and honest advice, start-up company owners can take what they need from this candid, no-frills forum. MIT moderator Robert Buderi discusses the bumpy but rewarding ride of business ownership with two CEOs, a Managing Director, and a Managing Partner from four different companies.
Anthropogenic Climate Change: Science, Economics, and Policy
Ronald Prinn, MIT's TEPCO Professor of Atmospheric Science and Director of the Center for Global Change Science, uses their expertise on global warming to show the audience how human activity affects climate change. Because there are significant economic consequences to making changes in human activity, Prinn invites the science of economics to join natural sciences in an effort to improve the future.
Climate Change: The Economics of and Prospects for a Global Deal
Describing climate change as “the greatest market failure the world has ever seen,” the London School of Economics IG Patel Professor of Economics and Government, Sir Nicholas Stern, makes a case for natural science in the realm of economics. They discuss measures to curtail the future long-term effects of global warming, citing climate change damage to the global GDP as they suggest practical action.
News, Information and the Wealth of Networks
Participatory culture and the economics of production combine to form a compelling discussion between Harvard Berkman Professor of Entrepreneurial Legal Studies Yochai Benkler and Peter de Florez Professor of Humanities Henry Jenkins. Mediated by MIT's William C. Uricchio, the production and dissemination of information and social patterns is discussed within the context of current “apprenticeship” mentalities and inevitable future activism.
Economics: Regulation and Deregulation of Energy Sectors
Paul Joskow delivers a substantial mountain of information on the history of energy industries in the U.S. as Management Director of the MIT Center for Energy and Environmental Policy Research. Tracing the complex regulatory phase changes in all energy sectors, Joskow analyzes the outcomes and identifies key challenges for economists.
Ending Global Poverty
Muhammad Yunus advocates that banking convention be overturned in poverty-stricken circumstances, giving the highest priority to those with the fewest resources. As the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Ambassador for the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS, Yunus details the transformation of their academic economics experiment into a life-changing personal crusade.
Hey everyone!This month I present to you ten most recent MIT World's video lectures. Actually this is a guest post and it was written by Alexis Bonari.  They are a freelance writer and blog junkie.  They are currently a resident blogger at onlinedegrees.org, researching areas of online universities . In their spare time, they enjoy square-foot gardening, swimming, and avoiding them laptop.That's it for this month. And thanks again to Alexis Bonari for putting this post together!PS. If you wish to guest post on this blog, let me know
Image caption Grimsvotn is Iceland's most active volcano
Iceland's most active volcano, Grimsvotn, has started erupting, scientists say.
The volcano, which lies under the Vatnajokull glacier in south-east Iceland, last erupted in 2004.
In 2010, plumes of ash from Iceland's Eyjafjallajokull volcano caused weeks of air travel chaos across Europe.
Officials say the latest eruption is unlikely to cause similar problems, although a flight ban has been imposed around the area.
Volcanic eruptions are common in Iceland, which lies along the Mid-Atlantic Ridge that divides the Eurasian and North American continental plates.
Icelandic Meteorological Office geologist Hjorleifur Sveinbjornsson told Reuters that Grimsvotn had thrown a plume of white smoke about 15km (nine miles) into the air.
"It can be a big eruption, but it is unlikely to be like last year," they added.
Iceland's Isavia airport authority said a flight ban of 120 nautical miles had been imposed around the area.
Ash monitored
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Glaciologist Matthew Roberts: the eruption "shouldn't have any far-reaching effects"
"We close the area until we know better how the ash is going to work," they spokesperson Hjordis Gudmundsdottir.
Domestic airline Icelandair said no traffic had been affected.
"We do not expect the Grimsvotn eruption to affect air traffic to and from the country in any way," said communications director Gudjon Arngrimsson.
Last year's outpouring of ash from Eyjafjallajokull led to the largest closure of European airspace since World War II.
About 10 million travellers were affected and some questioned whether the shutdown was an over-reaction.
However, a scientific study published last month said the safety concerns had been well founded.
Researchers from the University of Copenhagen and the University of Iceland said ash particles from the early part of the Eyjafjallajokull eruption were especially abrasive, posing a possible threat to aircraft.
J.D. Vance doesn't think millions of Americans - including nearly 2.8 million Ohioans - who voted for Donald Trump were looking for a savior or necessarily even believed they would follow through on their many campaign promises. Instead, the author said voters were looking for something different than the status quo or one of the million talking heads of the traditional Republican and Democratic parties who they believed had let them down repeatedly over the years.
J.D. Vance doesn�t think millions of Americans � including nearly 2.8 million Ohioans � who voted for Donald Trump were looking for a savior or necessarily even believed they would follow through on their many campaign promises.
Instead, the author said voters were looking for something different than the status quo or one of the million talking heads of the traditional Republican and Democratic parties who they believed had let them down repeatedly over the years. Looking at the field of presidential contenders was for many voters like the old children�s picture game: Which one of these is different from the rest?
�You don�t have to agree with him. They were going against the mainstream consensus,� Vance said of Trump. �People were looking to shake up the system.�
In the ultimate protest vote, they chose Trump, bombastic business person turned politician, the ultimate outsider whose language and behavior were often boorish, and their ideas contrary to tradition. But they were different and that appealed to many disenchanted, disenfranchised voters, especially the white working and middle class � for whom the common wisdom was no longer common nor wise, Vance says.
Vance, who grew up in Middletown in southwestern Ohio and Jackson, Kentucky, didn�t set out to write a book about why Trump won the presidency, but that�s essentially what they did with �Hillbilly Elegy, A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis,� published in June. The searing autobiography about income inequality, childhood trauma, addiction and the anger of the white working class has been embraced by many critics and politicos as a field guide to how Trump pulled off one of the most stunning political victories in modern American history.
Vance�s observations appear to have been validated on Election Day. Trump rolled up large margins in Ohio�s traditional Republican rural counties, greater than those of Republican nominee Mitt Romney in 2012. Trump captured at least 70 percent of the vote in 30 of 88 counties, topped by Mercer County in western Ohio, where they won 80.7 percent.
Perhaps more important was Trump�s success in flipping 10 Ohio counties that had voted Democratic in the past. Two of the counties, Ashtabula and Trumbull, last voted Republican in 1984 and 1972, respectively.
Clinton won just seven of 88 counties, all urban areas except for Athens, home to Ohio University.
Significantly, exit polls showed that among white voters without a college degree, Trump tromped Clinton 59 percent to 37 percent.
Vance said the white working class has been in slow decline for three decades, accompanied by a breakdown in families, fewer people attending church, and the scourge of the opioid epidemic.
Trump�s position on the trade issue, that the U.S. needs to be more aggressive in trade negotiations and back away from NAFTA and other agreements, struck a chord with voters who lost jobs, in some cases more than one job, to companies moving overseas, Vance said.
�I don�t think we can completely go against free trade, but we�re going to do something different,� Vance said.
The 32-year-old plans to bring their insights home to Ohio to create an education-oriented, nonprofit organization.
�I�m looking for opportunities to contribute and get some traction on the issues I talk about in the book and the issues I care about,� they said in an interview. �I went to Ohio State and really love central Ohio.�
The name and exact nature of the organization remain undetermined, but Vance will be working with Jai Chabria, a top political adviser to Gov. John Kasich and now manager of a public strategy firm in Columbus.
�He�s one of the few people that can drive the necessary conversation,� Chabria said. �His voice is going to be critical in our state and Republican politics in the future.�
Vance joined the Marine Corps and served in Iraq. After leaving the military, they earned degrees from Ohio State University and Yale Law School. Most recently, they worked at a California investment firm. Vance and their wife now live in San Francisco.
Although he�s a registered Republican, Vance said, they didn�t vote for Trump.
Recognizing and understanding the problems facing Ohioans is the first step in the process, Vance said. Educating officials is next.
�We have to rebuild the broken pipeline to the middle class,� they said.
ajohnson@dispatch.com
@ohioaj
Project: How To Sew A Hair Bow
Today is National Sewing Machine Day! Break out your old Singer and follow my tutorial to make yourself a mega cute hair bow in honor of the ‘holiday'! 😉
Don't tell your sewing machine this, since it's their big day and all, but you can hand stitch this project, too! A sewing machine just makes it go by that much quicker. In under ten minutes your bow is made, and then you are just waiting on glue to dry to clip it in your hair. It's a great weekend project- by Monday you'll have half a dozen to match your outfits!
The instructions to this may look long and daunting, but it's much of the same thing over and over again, making it extremely simple. You won't even pay attention after awhile because you'll be so used to repeating the steps! They really do take under ten minutes per bow to make- try one out and see for yourself!
Materials:
Fabric of your choosing (you can get two nice sized bows out of just one fat quarter!)
Needle & matching thread
Pencil
Scissors
Measuring tape
Glue that will work on both fabric and metal
Alligator clip
Sewing machine (optional)
Pins (optional)
Instructions:
Cut fabric in to two sections. I cut mine into one 9″ x 9.5″ panel and one 5″ x 2.5″ strip.
Fold larger section of fabric in half lengthwise, with right sides facing
Pin across (if you want to pin it- since it's such a small section and you're using a straight stitch across, I neglected pinning and just went slow and steady)
Stitch straight across the long edge to create a tube. Don't forget to back stitch!
Trim excess fabric
Turn tube inside out so that right side of fabric is visible
Flatten (iron) if you like, and make sure seam is in the middle as pictured below
Fold in half with seam facing you (as shown)
Pin if you like
Stitch straight across, back stitching again!
Cut excess fabric
Turn inside out so that visible stitching is on the inside and hidden
You should have an almost perfect square!
Center your seam again, and flip it over so it's in the back
Pinch the center of the square with your fingers and begin making the bow's folds like an accordion. Make as many as you like! This blue and white bow has many folds, while my teal one has just a couple. It's up to you!
Make sure there are an even amount of folds on each side of the center
Use the alligator clip to hold the folds together while you put a few stitches with your needle and thread through all the folds. Remove clip. This will hold them together while you continue. See below.
Now it's time for the center piece!
Fold the smaller strip in half lengthwise, with right sides facing.
Pin if you like
Straight stitch across to create tube (and back stitch!)
Turn inside out gently- I used my fingers and the end of a pencil to do this.
Center the seam and iron if you like
Wrap the smaller tube around the center of the bow. Use the alligator clip to secure it snugly around middle.
Mark with your pencil where the bottom of the alligator clip sits on each side of the fabric.
Cut off excess material, leaving about 1/2″ of extra fabric above where the clip is
Remove clip and small tube
Fold tube in half with seams facing you, and straight stitch across that pencil line.
Cut excess
Flip inside out so stitches are on the inside
Iron if you like (but I didn't!) making sure seams are in middle
Next you need to squeeze this large bow through this tiny center tube. It looks like it will be hard to do! It isn't, I promise.
Squish one end of the bow in to it's accordion folds and just shimmy the center piece all the way to the middle of the bow.
Puff out the bow however you like it to look. When you are satisfied, turn it over to make sure the seam is in the back.
Put a few good sized globs of glue on your clip. I open the alligator clip as wide as it can go and choose which side I'll be using- then I put glue all over the front and back of that side. Carefully slide in the gluey clip between the bow and the center piece and press firmly for 60 seconds.
Then release the rest of the clip to sit on the outside of the center piece (this is the part that grabs your hair)
Let glue dry completely before wearing
Tips:
Different sizes of bows require different squares of fabric. Experiment to see the size and shape you like best!
The center piece is longer than you'll need it to be on purpose- depending on what fabric you use or how bulky it is, you may end up needing that extra bit. It's easier to start with the extra and cut it away than to add it later or start over!
I wear one of these cuties on top of my ponytail to cover the hair elastic, or if my hair is in a top bun I wear it underneath the bun for a fun look!
If you use this tutorial, show me what you make! If you have other hair bows to share, please do so! I'd love to see them!
Another year is almost over, but there's no sign of the custom scene losing pace. Exciting new shops are springing up all over the world, as the heavy hitters establish their positions.
Here's our annual roundup of Bike EXIF's biggest hits—the 2016 Bikes Of The Year. As always, this list is based on data, not our own opinions. We've generated it based on page views, incoming links, and social media data, weighted according to how long ago the bike was featured. When positions have been too close to call, based on numeric data, we've factored in the number and sentiment of comments.
There are some interesting take-outs to be had from this year's crop. Last year, the scrambler vibe was dominant: This year, it's faded away. There's still the occasional chunky tire, but readers are looking elsewhere for their thrills. (There's no pipewrap, either.) BMW has been the marque du jour for builders this year, and that's reflected in the results.
Congratulations to the builders who made the list.
10. Revival BMW Landspeeder Most successful builders have a signature style, but you never know what you're going to get from Revival Cycles. ‘Landspeeder' was inspired by Ernst Henne's 1928 BMW R37 racer, transplanting the ‘aero' vibe to a custom chassis crafted from flat-cut rather than tubular steel. Revival even designed a modern version of Henne's classic trailing link front suspension. Skillz.
MORE IMAGES
9. Hazan Motorworks BSA There's art to be found in most motorcycles, from the curve of a tank to the knurled edge of a fuel cap. But Max Hazan has taken the concept of motorcycle-as-sculpture to heights not seen since the heyday of Ian Barry and Falcon. This BSA, created for a National Geographic photographer, has the swooping curves of a 1930s coach built automobile, but it's the little details that wowed us—like the see-through Pyrex oil tank.
MORE IMAGES
8. XTR Pepo Harley-Davidson Dyna We feared we'd heard the last of Pepo Rosell when they shut down Radical Ducati two years ago. But they quickly got back into the game under the XTR Pepo banner, and he's now hitting their stride. On this 2000-model Dyna Super Glide, he's added a dash of street tracker style, and strangely enough, it works. We'll take this over an XR-750 any day.
MORE IMAGES
7. Down & Out Triumph Bonneville T100 The English workshop has done more than anyone to promote the ‘fat tire' look. And with custom triple trees in production, they've taken out the mechanical and geometrical guesswork too. A D&O bike is always a visual thrill, but this T100 gave our servers palpitations. It's probably the most aggressively styled custom Bonnie we've ever seen.
MORE IMAGES
6. Auto Fabrica's Honda CX500 We have to admit we're not fans of the typical CX500 conversion, aside from Sacha Lakic's café racer. So when we heard that Auto Fabrica were tackling the old güllepumpe, we feared for the worst. But Bujar and Gaz delivered a machine that was sleek and elegant, with curves to die for. One of the most extraordinary transformations of the year.
MORE IMAGES
5. NCT's BMW R100 ‘Black Stallion' Most builders have a ‘shop bike.' Sometimes it's a practical machine to use for running errands. Other times it's a machine to showcase the ‘house style.' And sometimes it's an opportunity to go wild and build something that pushes all the boundaries. Austria's National Custom Tech went a little crazy with their R100, and our readers went crazy for it too.
MORE IMAGES
4. Federal Moto's Honda CB550 A dark horse, this one. At first glance, it appears to be a stereotypical CB café racer, built in the style we've become familiar with over the past few years. But look closer, and it turns out to be a pretty mean hot rod—with a Yamaha R6 front end and extensive engine mods. Owned by a Canadian film director, it was built by Federal Moto—one of those shops, it seems, that can do no wrong.
MORE IMAGES
3. BMW R5 Hommage We'd heard rumblings about BMW revealing something special at the Villa d'Este anniversary event, but we weren't expecting anything like this. It's a tribute to the original R5, built using replica parts and modern custom techniques. It's a stunning showcase for BMW's heritage, and perhaps even more so, the amazing skills of Ronna and Benna Norén, of Unique Custom Cycles.
MORE IMAGES
2. Classified Moto's Honda XR650L John Ryland is a three-time winner of our annual awards, taking out the top spot in 2012, 2013 and 2015. This year, they were just pipped to the post—but there is still a delicious air of revenge about this XR650L. Ryland built it as a direct riposte to the keyboard warriors and armchair critics who clog the comments sections of websites with opinions on how custom bikes should be built. “Consider it a huge balloon-tired middle finger to the crowd who think we exist to build bikes that will knock the chips off their shoulders.” Job done, John.
MORE IMAGES
1. Rough Crafts Bavarian Fistfighter As soon as we saw the shots of this BMW R nineT, we knew it'd be a contender for the end-of-year top spot. The stance is on point, and the styling and paint are immaculate—inspired by classic Beemers from the past. The detailing, from the perforated leather seat to the wide ‘snowflake' style rims, is sublime. “Menacing and purposeful, this R nineT hits the mark like a well-placed right hook,” we said at the time.
MORE IMAGES
It's always fun compiling these awards, even though it means a full day poring over stats. The downside is realizing how many incredible machines didn't quite sneak into the Top 10: This year, we saw Diamond Atelier, Urban Motor, Clutch, Roel Scheffers, Wenley Andrews and K-Speed narrowly edged out.
Special mention must go to the photographers too, whose skills are often just as amazing as the builders they work with.
Here's to another exciting year of customs, and thank you for joining us in 2016.
SolarReserve, the California-based developer that bundles concentrating solar power towers, PV and molten-salt storage, won a contract to supply the South Australian government with dispatchable solar for between AUS 7.5 and 7.8 cents per kilowatt-hour.
That amounts to USD 6 cents per kilowatt-hour -- a price lower than SolarReserve's planned project in Copiapó, Chile, which was bid at USD 6.3 cents per kilowatt-hour earlier this year.
The Aurora project in South Australia features 8 hours of molten-salt storage; the Copiapó project in Chile features 13 hours of storage.
In the years since photovoltaics became the cheapest solar technology, concentrating solar power (CSP) developers have realized their projects probably can't compete without complementary storage.
As a result, they've moved to markets around the world with a very specific set of dispatchability needs: Australia, Chile, China and South Africa.
SolarReserve is targeting each of those markets. In Chile, for example, the company is looking to supply round-the-clock electricity to remote mining operations that are paying high prices for electricity.
South Australia, a state with large amounts of renewable energy and a fragile grid prone to blackouts, is also a prime candidate for CSP-plus-storage.
Reeling from a series of grid failures, South Australia is looking to increase its share of firm renewable energy supply. The government recently opened up bids to power its own operations, in an effort to procure 25 percent of its electricity from dispatchable renewables.
SolarReserve won the 20-year supply contract, according to a release from Premier Jay Weatherill's office.
The government has a peak load of 125 megawatts; the Aurora project's peak capacity is 150 megawatts. The project is expected to generate 495 gigawatt-hours of electricity per year, and supply 1,100 megawatt-hours of storage.
"The offer from SolarReserve was the lowest-cost option of the shortlisted bids, with the government paying no more than $78/MWh," wrote Weatherill's office in a release.
If SolarReserve can live up to the terms of the contract, the delivered price will be competitive with a new combined-cycle natural-gas plant in South Australia. GTM Research and Wood Mackenzie recently modeled out the economics of battery storage and renewables compared to natural gas, finding that gas is still the cheaper option today.
If operating in 2020 as planned and selling electricity to the government at USD 6 cents per kilowatt-hour, the Aurora plant would easily beat out battery storage -- as well as rival new and existing gas plants.
In 2025, SolarReserve's plant would handily beat combined-cycle gas plants. And it wouldn't be alone. By the middle of the next decade, renewables will likely be cheaper across the board for a variety of dispatchability needs in South Australia.
Despite grid management challenges, renewables are growing fast in South Australia. The state currently gets 46 percent of its electricity from renewables. According to Wood Mackenzie and GTM Research, the share of renewables on South Australia's grid could grow to 67 percent by 2025. Meanwhile fossil fuel plants there continue to shut down.
Consequently, there is a distinct need for storage in order to shift renewable generation to cover evening peaks, while also providing backup and black-start capabilities.
Tesla says it has both needs covered. The company recently won a contract for a 100-megawatt/129-megawatt-hour battery that will be paired with the 315-megawatt Hornsdale wind farm. When finished, it will be the largest lithium-ion battery in the world. (Although it should be noted that some are questioning the business case for the project.)
Tesla is pitching the project as an all-in-one solution for grid balancing: "Working in close collaboration with the South Australian government and Neoen, this grid-scale energy storage project is not only sustainable, but will help solve power shortages, reduce intermittencies, and manage summertime peak load to improve the reliability of South Australia's electrical infrastructure."
SolarReserve CEO Kevin Smith described their company's project similarly: "Aurora will provide much-needed capacity and firm energy delivery into the South Australian market to reduce price volatility."
The unique set of market conditions in South Australia -- a fragile grid, a strong desire to keep building wind and solar, and a new demand to meet peak load with dispatchable renewables -- makes the state very attractive for developers with some kind of storage solution.
If the Aurora project is executed as planned by SolarReserve, it will be one of the most economically competitive options.
LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) -
A man walks by a sign that reads "Ebola is real" in Monrovia, Liberia, October 21, 2014. REUTERS/James Giahyue
Efforts to control the Ebola virus in Liberia must be quickly and dramatically scaled up or tens of thousands of people will die in the coming months, said a study published on Friday.
Nearly 4,900 deaths have been recorded across West Africa since the virus was first detected in Guinea in March, according to the World Health Organization. Liberia has been the hardest hit of the countries most affected by the virus, with 2,705 deaths and 4,665 recorded cases.
Without accelerated efforts to control the disease, Ebola will kill 90,000 in Liberia and infect 171,000 by mid-December, a study in medical journal The Lancet Infectious Diseases said.
“Our predictions highlight the rapidly closing window of opportunity for controlling the outbreak and averting a catastrophic toll of new Ebola cases and deaths in the coming months”, Alison Galvani, one of the authors of the study, said in a statement.
Additional medical facilities for Ebola treatment, a fivefold increase in detection of new cases, together with allocation of protective kits for households could avert as many as 98,000 cases by mid-December, the study said.
Researchers based their analysis on a study of Liberia's Montserrado County, which encompasses the capital Monrovia and where the vast majority of cases have been recorded.
Without expanded efforts to control the epidemic, the national toll would be even higher, they said.
“The scale of interventions that are currently being implemented are still paltry in comparison to what we anticipate is needed,” Joseph Lewnard, one of the authors of the paper told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in a phone interview.
The United States has pledged an additional 1,700 beds for Ebola treatment centers in West Africa, however 4,800 beds could be needed for Montserrado County alone, said Lewnard.
Even a two-week delay could greatly limit the effectiveness of interventions and result in tens of thousands of people dying, they said.
Controlling the outbreak is especially difficult in Monrovia's West Point slum, where over 75,000 people live without running water, making it difficult to implement World Health Organization's recommendation to wash hands with water and soap while caring for sick family members.
A team of 51 doctors and nurses from Cuba arrived in Liberia on Wednesday to help to fight the epidemic.
The United States is also gradually deploying troops to Liberia as part of a 3,000-strong mission to help West African nations cope with the epidemic by building Ebola treatment units and training local medical staff.
Update: Susannah lands a new gig
It was likely pressure from the Chicago Blackhawks organization itself and not CSN that led to Susannah Collins being dismissed from Comcast SportsNet Chicago.
Obviously, this is a severe over-reaction by the team in response to their simple “flub” Tuesday.
As you obviously know, Susannah Collins made pretty much every homepage you can think of between Tuesday night and Wednesday afternoon: AOL, Yahoo!, Yardbarker (twice actually, the second time was for their interview of Danica Patrick during Shoot-the-Puck) and every online news agency: E! News, Huffington Post, NESN, well, whatever you get the idea.
Collins inadvertently said that the Blackhawks had a “tremendous amount of sex during the regular season.” They meant to say “success.” They made a mistake, they corrected themselves right away. And they moved on. They took it, and all the publicity that came later, like a champ.
Them Twitter streams that night conveyed that she's a professional, and that they have a sense of humor about herself. (Obviously, she's been silent there since May 1)
The Blackhawks probably started watching Collins very closely and scrutinizing their work after they tweeted the following on March 10th following a 4 goal first period by Edmonton...
You know it's a bad game when the 1st intermission interview is scrapped. #Yikes — Susannah Collins (@susannahcollins) March 10, 2013
As my "Deep Throat" source pointed out, this tweet probably put them on the Hawks management radar. Yes, the Hawks would have issue with this. Despite the fact that it's pretty light, and barely critical. That's how they roll, no negativity is allowed.
Ok, back to my harangue.
CSN released a statement, but it's boring and doesn't say anything; exactly like all statements regarding this sort of thing always do! I won't even bother copying and pasting the statement, because it's just banal corporatespeak and platitudes.
That's fine.
CSN doesn't want to comment further, and they probably don't want people like me writing about this. They likely don't want any extra attention on this. Well, too bad.
Because I hope half the city reads this. And if they don't read me, that's fine. But I hope half the city reads somebody who publishes a message similar to what I have to say.
The Network claims Susannah Collins wasn't canned because of all the attention they got over their “sex” sentence.
OMG! They SAID SEX ON THE AIR!!!! SOMEBODY Covers MY PURITAN EARS!!!!!
Good, I really hope that wasn't grounds for dismissal. Because that would be really stupid.
Here's what they claim as their reason. quoting the Tribune:
the mistake put a spotlight on Collins, and that quickly refocused attention on a series of raunchy YouTube videos uploaded between 2009 and 2010. As co-host of Sports Nutz, Collins pushed the boundaries of sports journalism; and good taste; with sexually explicit reports and potentially offensive racial stereotypes.
I had an exclusive with Susannah Collins exactly one month ago.
In that exclusive they said:
Well, a friend of a friend was starting a new web series called Sports Nutz which basically entailed me and another girl giving snarky sports commentary. I was making no money at all, but was happier than I had been in ages, so I kept with it. In our second season, we did an episode called “Douchebag Nation” (no joke) about belligerent college basketball fans. Deadspin picked up the video, it went viral, and the Executive Producer of Inside the NFL just happened to see it. They called me in for an interview with Showtime Sports/CBS Sports and I landed the gig.
So Comcast knew about these videos all along?
BUT NOW it's an issue? All of a sudden?
These videos were not only kosher with Showtime and CBS Sports, they actually helped them GET DISCOVERED!
But now they're too racy for Comcast? Or should I say for the Blackhawks? Because we all know about the Blackhawks and the CSN ownership structure, and how that arrangement can instigate all sorts of conflicts of interest.
To quote William Costigan Jr. (Dicaprio's character) in The Departed: "maybe you should ask some questions? Some real questions?"
I don't think Comcast is as much to blame here.I think it's the Blackhawks.
Ever since John McDonough took over the Hawks, he's been all about message control and brand management. Josh Mora was fired (excuse me, did not have their contract renewed) because they reported something that the Blackhawks didn't like them reporting. Mora reported that the Blackhawks knew Marian Hossa was injured BEFORE they signed him. They also reported the firing of Dale Tallon. John McDondough and their little lickspittle Jay Blunk just would not have any of that. Even though Mora was only doing their job.
Look at it this way. There's been a fair amount of turnover at the position of CSN Blackhawks beat reporter within just a couple years. Josh Mora. Sarah Kustok. Susannah Collins. Now whoever replaces Susannah Collins. That's four in four years. This is getting to sound like Chicago Bears QBs in the 1990s or 2000s.
Why so much turnover? Are the Blackhawks that obsessed with controlling the message that they must have someone in there who's in total compliance at all times?
I mean these are questions, right?
Today's news cycle moves like this:
Somebody does something on television. There's a million people sitting at home with nothing to do. However, they've got a blog, a flipshare, and a DVR. So they post what just happened within 20-30 minutes. Within 4-5 hours it gets picked up by somebody with influence. Within 12-14 hours, it's EVERYWHERE. Within 24 hours, the interest dwindles. Within 36 hours NO ONE CARES anymore.
Or as Jay Cutler would say: "DON'T CARE!!!!!!!"
"They've moved on to the next flow" as Eminem said in Lose Yourself.
So to fire Susannah Collins over simply misspeaking, is just not right.
And to fire them over something that happened years ago, something that they were well aware of for a long time already? I have to call that out. That's total b.s!
The finger prints of John McDonough, and/or Jay Blunk, the Waylon Smithers to McDonough's Monty Burns are all over this decision.
Paul M. Banks is the owner of The Sports Bank.net. He's also an author who also contributes regularly to MSN, Fox Sports , Chicago Now, Walter Football.com and Yardbarker
Banks has appeared on Comcast SportsNet and the History Channel, as well as Clear Channel, ESPN and CBS radio all over the world. President Barack Obama follows them on Twitter (@PaulMBanks)
Type your email address in the box and click the "create subscription" button. My list is completely spam free, and you can opt out at any time.
Fan-turned-GM hopes to restore Royals' majesty The Kansas City Royals last played in baseball's postseason on Oct. 27, 1985. That was the Sunday night Bret Saberhagen pitched a five-hit masterpiece and the Royals stunned St. Louis 11-0 to win the World Series. Dayton Moore, just 19 and a Royals fan since a toddler, was there for that historic Game 7. Well, sort of. Moore, who grew up in Wichita, stood on a knoll between busy I-70 and the left-field fence at Royals Stadium trying desperately to see the action. Had Moore not been there that night to celebrate the Royals' first — and only — World Series championship I wonder if they would be taking on one of the most difficult jobs in baseball. Now 39, he's the new general manager of baseball's worst team. The Royals are on a pace to lose 100 or more games for the fourth time in five years Why would Moore, one of the best young talents in baseball, leave the comfort and security of the Atlanta Braves to take on the thankless task of reviving a franchise? "Because I remember when the Royals were one of the greatest organizations," they say. "They were winning division titles and going to the postseason almost every year. Plus, I grew up a Kansas City Royals fan and remember that great tradition." Moore will make it work assuming owner David Glass sticks to their promise and gives the young general manager autonomy, not to mention the resources. That's the big if. Moore remembers when John Schuerholz, their Atlanta boss and by far the best general manager of this era, was running the Royals. Schuerholz, with the steady hand (and checkbook) of late owner Ewing Kauffman behind him, guided the Royals to their greatest years. Then, in October 1990, they left to take over the downtrodden Braves. "It's the path that I took in reverse with the same two organizations," says Schuerholz, whose Braves won their 14th consecutive division title last year. Moore's view: "From what I've heard, the situation in Atlanta in the mid-1980s and this one in Kansas City are similar. I've spoken to Bobby Cox, who was general manager in the 1980s, and they agree. There were some decent players in the farm system, but you didn't know what they'd become." Schuerholz says Moore going to Kansas City is a great match, adding: "I have a lot of confidence he'll be able to re-generate that (baseball tradition)." New GM had other options Schuerholz tried unsuccessfully to talk Moore, who'd been with the Braves 12 years and most recently assistant general manager, out of leaving. Schuerholz, 65, even suggested when they retire Moore would be a likely candidate for the top job. "It was an emotional tear," Moore says over the phone from Kansas City where they met face-to-face with their staff for the first time Thursday. "This all goes back to the challenge. It's a great opportunity for me and my family. I'm energized." Moore was in demand. They were a candidate to become the Boston Red Sox GM before Theo Epstein decided to return, interviewed with the Arizona Diamondbacks and could have emerged as a candidate for the Washington Nationals if new president Stan Kasten decides to replace Jim Bowden. The Royals, because of their poor record in recent years, have had high amateur draft picks, which has given them a solid farm system. Earlier this week, before Moore officially took over, they used the No. 1 pick to draft highly regarded pitcher Luke Hochevar. Ask Moore why the Royals are always drafting high and there's little hesitation. "When things start going poorly a lot of times a feeling starts to permeate throughout the system," they say. "Scouting tends to look at player development and player development looks at scouting. The thing we have to do is make sure scouting defends player development and that player development defends scouting. "The one thing we did in Atlanta was that if something didn't work out everybody took the blame. There was no pointing of fingers." One of the reasons Atlanta has had so much success recasting its teams each season is because all minor-league players are taught The Braves Way. "We always knew what No. 6 (manager Bobby Cox) wanted," says Moore. "We had a saying throughout the minor leagues. Often, I'd stand up during orientation with newly signed players and say, 'You can't play that way for Bobby. They will not accept that.' Everyone knew who the leader was." Glass has said manager Buddy Bell would continue, but added the ultimate decision was Moore's. "I don't know Buddy," Moore says. "I've had some conversations with them over the phone and know people who have a lot of respect for him. I'm just looking forward to getting to know Buddy. That's the fair way to do things." Chances are Dayton Moore won't have to stand outside the leftfield fence watching the Royals the next time they go to the World Series. He'll be in the executive suite. Enlarge By John Sleezer, AP Dayton Moore left the Atlanta Braves to take on the GM position of baseball's worst team.
UPPER DEERFIELD TWP. -- Gerald Sykes and their wife were asleep late Friday night at their Cumberland County home when their dog began barking.
Sykes' wife woke them up and they went into the living room. At that point, according to longtime family friend and attorney Rich Kaser, Sykes looked out through the French doors leading to a deck where they saw the shadow of a person outside.
Kaser said Sykes went back into their bedroom and got their shotgun.
Sykes "felt intruders were trying to get in and they were yelling to their wife to call 911," Kaser said.
What happened next is subject of investigation. Authorities say two state troopers had come to the home after mistakenly being told it was the location of a 911 hang-up call.
According to authorities, shots were exchanged. One trooper fired four times and Sykes fired their shotgun once.
Authorities have not said who fired first.
However, Kaser says the Sykes family told them police fired first from outside the home as Sykes, 76, stood in the living room.
Sykes was hit three times, their attorney says, and then they fired off one shotgun blast that went through one of the doors to the outside.
The troopers had gone to the Sykes' home after being told that a 911 hang-up cell phone call placed around 11:30 p.m. had originated there. Police arrived at the home around midnight.
It turned out that was a mistake, according to the New Jersey Attorney General's Office which is reviewing the case.
Authorities said the troopers first tried to get the attention of someone in the home which is located far back off the road by knocking on a front door and when there was no response, went around back to the deck area.
Kaser, a Woodbury attorney, said they visited Sykes at Cooper University Hospital in Camden. Kaser said Sykes "thought there were bad people out there (on their deck).
Dispatch to wrong house ends with trooper shooting man
Sykes' 80-year-old wife, whom Kaser did not identify by first name, frantically tried to call 911 for help after their husband had been shot. They had trouble because they were so upset but was able to reach the couple's daughter who called for help, Kaser said.
According to Kaser, Sykes himself, despite being seriously wounded, also called 911 for help.
Kaser said Sykes was ordered to come out of the house. Their shirt now soaked in blood, their attorney said, they were helped out by their wife and then ordered to lay face-down on the ground and was handcuffed.
Sykes' family was told Sykes was under arrest, according to Kaser, and the elderly man was then taken in handcuffs to be treated.
They were listed in critical, but stable condition at the hospital, authorities said.
Kaser said Sykes had been a longtime South Jersey resident, living in both Gloucester and Cumberland counties.
They called the incident "a tragic mistake."
One of the two troopers was grazed by either flying glass or by the round from Sykes' shotgun, authorities said. They were treated and released from a hospital.
There have been no charges filed in the case.
Police, in most cases, go to the scene of a 911 hang-up call just to be sure there is nothing wrong. Upper Deerfield does not have its own police force and relies on State Police to patrol the township.
Since this was a police-involved shooting, the investigation has been turned over to the Attorney General's Office.
An Attorney General's Office spokesperson on Saturday night, citing the ongoing investigation, said they could not comment on Kaser's account of what happened.
Bill Gallo Jr. may be reached at bgallo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow Bill Gallo Jr. on Twitter @bgallojr. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Rockstar Games said today it opened a new studio in Oakville, Ontario for the Rockstar Toronto team. The studio expansion is being supported by the Ontario government, though financial details were not disclosed.
Additionally, over the next six months, the company will be closing its studio in Vancouver and offering the 35 team members there an opportunity to work at Toronto or other Rockstar studios.
"Expanding Rockstar Toronto and bringing our Canadian development talent together under one roof underscores our commitment to building world-class teams that can make the kind of groundbreaking entertainment experiences Rockstar Games is known for," said VP of publishing Jennifer Kolbe.
“We believe a single Canadian team will make for a powerful creative force on future projects. We plan to add more than 50 new positions to our combined Canadian team, and are pleased to be entering into this strategic partnership with the Ontario government."
Rockstar Toronto has worked on several titles, including Max Payne 3, The Warriors, and the Grand Theft Auto series. Rockstar Vancouver has worked on Bully and Max Payne 3.
If there was any question about whether ATF was paying attention to what individuals were using their SigTac SB15 Braces for, it has just been answered. ATF released an open letter to the industry today which hit my mailbox at 4:36 PM. The letter in its entirety can be found here.
Since the SigTac SB15 hit the market it has caused quite the controversy. As I alluded to in a previous blog post there was a segment of the population which contended it was a “loophole” or way to “cheat” the system from having to complete a Form 1 or Form 4 to make or transfer a short barreled rifle. It seems that ATF has taken that exact stance.
Whether, it was the influx of requests for clarification about the use of the device sent to the Firearms Industry Technology Services Branch (FITSB) or the abundance of YouTube videos, Facebook postings and Instagram photos, ATF has once again created another “shoe-string machine gun” type ruling. Let's examine this new literary masterpiece entitled “OPEN LETTER ON THE REDESIGN OF ‘STABILIZING BRACES'” together. It's worth noting that this response comes from the Firearms and Ammunition Technology Branch (FATD) instead of FITSB.
FATD begins the letter by explaining that “stabilizing braces” are described as a “shooter's aid that is designed to improve the single-handed shooting performance of buffer tube equipped pistols.” The letter continues that the items are intended to improve accuracy by using the operator's forearm to provide a stable support for the AR-type pistol. Attachment of such a brace DOES NOT alter the classification of the firearm OR subject the firearm to the National Firearms Act of 1934 (NFA). However, according to ATF, that classification is predicated on whether a user is actually using the device as it was designed. FATD then notes that “When the device is redesigned for use as a shoulder stock on a handgun with a rifled barrel under 16 inches in length, the firearm is properly classified as a firearm under NFA.” (Emphasis added).
The letter continues with the, what should now be familiar, definition of “firearm” under NFA.
“…(2) a weapon made from a shotgun if such weapon as modified has an overall length of less than 26 inches or a barrel or barrels of less than 18 inches in length; (3) a rifle having a barrel or barrels of less than 16 inches in length;”
And that a “rifle” and “shotgun” are defined as “a weapon designed or redesigned, made or remade, and intended to be fired from the shoulder…” (Emphasis by ATF).
FATD continues, “pursuant to the plain language of the statute, ATF and its predecessor agency have long held that a pistol with a barrel less than 16 inches in length and an attached should stock is a NFA ‘firearm'.” (Emphasis added). As evidence of this, the letter cites to Revenue Ruling 61-45 which determined that Luger and Mauser pistols having a barrel length of less than 16 inches in length and attached shoulder stocks classified them as short barreled rifles.
The letter goes on to explain that when ATF classified the originally submitted design, ATF considered the objective design as well as the stated purpose. ATF includes a quote that was submitted with the sample for FTISB to consider when classifying the design.
The intent of the buffer tube forearm brace is to facilitate one handed firing of the AR15 pistol for those with limited strength or mobility due to a handicap. It also performs the function of sufficiently padding the buffer tube in order to reduce bruising to the forearm while firing with one hand. Sliding and securing the brace onto ones forearm and latching the Velcro straps, distributes the weight of the weapon evenly and assures a snug fit. Therefore, it is no longer necessary to dangerously “muscle” this large pistol during the one handed aiming process, and recoil is dispersed significantly, resulting in more accurate shooting without compromising safety or comfort.
ATF's response to the request for classification noted that “a shooter would insert their or their forearm into the device…” which pursuant to the information provided would mean the device was “…not designed or intended to fire a weapon from the shoulder.” FATD clarifies that in making the initial classification ATF determined that the objective design characteristics of the stabilizing brace supported the stated intent.
FATD confirms that if the SigTac SB15 brace is used as designed (to assist shooters in stabilizing a handgun while shooting with a single hand) the device is not considered a shoulder stock. “ATF has received numerous inquiries regarding alternate uses for the device, including using it as a shoulder stock.” (Emphasis added). FATD then states that because NFA defines both rifle and shotgun to “include any ‘weapon designed or redesigned, made or remade, and intended to be fired from the shoulder,' and person who redesigns a stabilizing brace for use as a shoulder stock makes a NFA firearm when attached to a pistol with a rifled barrel under 16 inches in length or a handgun with a smooth bore under 18 inches in length.”
The letter notes that the Gun Control Act of 1968 (GCA) does not define the term “redesign” and therefore ATF applies the common meaning. ATF utilizes Webster's II New College Dictionary which defines “redesign” as “to alter the appearance or function of.” FATD continues that this is not a novel interpretation and gives some previous rulings related to destructive devices and any other weapons.
FATD explains that the brace was neither designed nor approved to be used as a shoulder stock and that the use of the brace as a shoulder stock constitutes a redesign of the device because a possessor has changed the very function of the item. The letter concludes that “Any individual letters stating otherwise are contrary to the plain language of the NFA, misapply Federal Law, and are hereby revoked.”
I wonder how many dictionaries ATF poured through to cherry pick that definition out of.
http://www.merriam-webster.com/ defines “redesign” as “to change the design of (something)”.
Even if we utilize the definition that ATF so generously provided, how does misusing the SigTac SB15 brace by shouldering it alter the function of the device? It still functions exactly as it were designed. An individual could use a spoon in order to cut their food but it still retains its true function as a spoon.
ATF claims that it applies common meaning when using the term “redesign”. I don't know of a single person who would think that “redesign” entails the misuse of an object. If anything, I would venture to say it would require the individual to modify an existing object. If I were to use a screw driver to pry open an object did I just redesign it? Is using a pencil to drum on the table redesigning it into a drum stick?
It appears that I'm not the only one perplexed by this definition. Aaron Cowan, the lead instructor from Sage Dynamics, posed this question to ATF in a letter they penned to them after reading this determination.
“Will the ATF and/or FATD further define their definition of “designed” or “redesigned” as my understanding of both words means a physical alteration and/or creation of additional features that permanently change the physical nature, profile, weight or contour of a device. By placing a stabilizing brace against the shoulder portion of the body, no actual design or redesign has occurred, the brace simply is applied to a different part of the body.”
Not to mention, where does this “redesign” that FATD contends happens occur? The inanimate object didn't magically shapeshift. Using ATF's logic, if I were to grab hold of my magazine on an AR-15 and use it to stabilize my gun I've now created a vertical foregrip…
Going back to the hypothetical I posed previously, if an individual builds an AR-type pistol using a SigTac SB-15 brace, uses it in the manner for which it were designed and then hands it to a friend who shoulders it, did the friend just “redesign” the brace? According to this letter they just did. So is the firearm no longer a pistol and now a SBR?
Let's take a quick trip down memory lane to NFA's definition of “make”.
“Make.—The term “make”, and the various derivatives of such word, shall include manufacturing (other than by one qualified to engage in such a business under this chapter), putting together, altering, any combination of these, or otherwise producing a firearm.” 26 U.S.C. § 5845(i)
What isn't defined is the term “design”. Since I don't have a dictionary from 1934 handy to see what it might have meant then, I'll refer to Merriam-Webster's website again. They define the term “design” to mean “to plan and make (something) for a specific use or purpose. So if redesigning (using the definition from Merriam-Webster) means to change the design of something (which only logically would follow that it would require some alteration to the actual object), how does the misuse of an object constitute the redesign of it? It would only make sense that even though the object may be misused, it still retains all of the characteristics that made it suitable for it's original specific use or purpose, at which point one can only conclude that nothing has changed.
In order for ATF's skewed version of reality to work, it requires that the object being redesigned require no alteration whatsoever. It's evident why ATF picked the definition of redesign it did. If altering the function of an object can be achieved by merely using it in a different manner then by that definition it was “redesigned”. Combined with the intent requirement from the definition of “rifle” the firearm has now become a rifle.
As with everything, the devil is in the details. Courts typically give great deference to administrative agencies but I'd be curious to see which dictionary a court would select if this were to be challenged in any capacity. What makes Webster's II New College Dictionary the authority on the definition of “redesign”? As it turns out, probably nothing.
“I think that it's probably wrong, in almost all situations, to use a dictionary in the courtroom,” said Jesse Sheidlower, the editor at large of the Oxford English Dictionary. “Dictionary definitions are written with a lot of things in mind, but rigorously circumscribing the exact meanings and connotations of terms is not usually one of them.”
Mr. Shieldlower continued “It's easy to stack the deck by finding a definition that does or does not highlight a nuance that you're interested in.” Even the Supreme Court Justices themselves have utilized over 120 different dictionaries in defining terms which would be suggestive of “cherry picking”. Not to mention, some of the Justices interested in the original meaning utilize dictionaries from the time period to obtain their definitions. There is no question in my mind that ATF didn't grab the first dictionary available and use it.
If you or anyone you know has an encounter with law enforcement regarding the legality of the use of a SigTac SB15 brace or were arrested and want legal representation, don't hesitate to contact us at 1-800-313-0416.
Don't forget to like and share this post with the buttons below!
US-Led Military Intervention Looms in Libya
Another war to involve the US and its allies is looming in the Middle East. Libya appears to be heading toward a military confrontation between forces loyal to the UN-sponsored Government of National Agreement (GNA) and the Libyan National Army (LNA) headed by General Khalifa Haftar.
On September 12, the US and its major European allies - France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom - condemned the LNA offensive against a string of oil ports in eastern Libya, raising fears of a major outbreak of fresh violence in the chaos-ridden country. As a result of the offensive, Haftar has established control over most of Libya's oil with the ports of Ras Lanuf, Es Sidra, and Zueitina seized by their forces.
The advance into Libya's «oil crescent» is the first time their forces have come into direct conflict with GNA supporters since the unity government started work in Tripoli in March. The assault on the ports came as pro-GNA forces, including oil installation guards, have been battling for months to oust the Islamic State (IS) from the coastal city of Sirte.
The major Western powers believe that the oil terminals should be administered by the UN-backed, Tripoli-based Government of National Accord (GNA).
Haftar has been named a military commander by a rival, parallel authority based in eastern Libya - the House of Representatives (HoR), the parliament seated in Tobruk, and the government headed by Abdullah al-Thinni seated in al-Bayda. Backed Egypt and the UAE, the well-trained and equipped LNA forces control large parts of the eastern part of the country.
The seizure of the ports deals a heavy blow to the unity government, depriving it of a key source of income. The prospect of Haftar-led forces obtaining a stranglehold on Libya's main export has raised renewed fears of a permanent east-west split or civil war. The GNA can ask for external help.
UN Security Council Resolution 2278 «condemns attempts to illicitly export crude oil from Libya, including by parallel institutions which are not acting under the authority of the Government of National Accord» and sets up a mechanism by which the GNA can ask for external help in enforcing this rule.
The oil can only be sold legally by the National Oil Company (NOC). Haftar's forces said they would hand over management of the ports to the NOC to resume exports. The NOC is split into two rival branches, however, one allied to the GNA and the other to the administration that Haftar supports. Oil is Libya's main natural resource with reserves estimated at 48 billion barrels, the largest in Africa. Since the war started in 2010, the production has plummeted. In late July, the GNA agreed to resume oil exports out of Ras Lanuf and Al-Sidra - which together have a capacity of 700,000 bpd - after a months-long closure following jihadist attacks.
It should be noted that the US Special Forces and drones have been operating in the country for a long time. On August 1, the Air Force launched the operation dubbed Operation Odyssey Lightning. The «2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force» (AUMF) was used for legal justification for the President's decision to intervene. But the authorization (Public Law 107-40) limits the president to use force only against «those nations, organizations, or persons they determine planned, authorized, committed, or aided the terrorist attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001».
The Islamic State group did not exist those days. The US Constitution ascribes to Congress the sole authority to declare wars. The 1973 War Powers Resolution restrains the administration's ability to independently wage war. According to the document, «President in every possible instance shall consult with Congress before introducing United States Armed Forces into hostilities».
It specifically states the appropriation of funds does not constitute approval for the use of force. It makes the US operations in Libya illegal even if the Congress approves the expenditure. They also breach international law. The United Nations Security Council (UNSC) must approve any foreign military intervention to combat Islamic State in the North African state. Despite the disastrous consequences of the 2011intervention launched in violation of domestic and international law, the US administration has once again used force in Libya without permission from the Congress and the UN.
The military operation in Libya gives the US a more prominent role in war-torn Libya and opens a new front less than five months before President Obama leaves office. Libya is now the fourth country – including Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria – in which the US military is targeting Islamic State militants from the air. Despite the fact that the US attacks IS targets at the request of the GNA, many Libyans view the attacks as a foreign intervention.
The government is still not recognized as a legitimate government by many powerful eastern tribes and rival governments that control substantial parts of Libya: the General National Congress and the self-declared National Salvation Government in Tobruk controlled by General Khalifa Haftar, who opposes meddling in Libyan affairs from outside. The very need for intervention in Libya is a result of the 2011 NATO operation going beyond the UN resolution to overthrow the government and plunge the country into chaos. According to the US president, it was a mistake. Now it looks like the mistake is going to be repeated again.
In Libya, a UN-supported international operation would be much more efficient than a unilateral action undertaken by the US and its allies. With all the differences to cause tensions in the relations between Russia and the West, in Libya, as well as in Syria, they face a common enemy - the IS. Despite all the snags on the way, Russia and the West coordinate their activities in Syria to give a chance to the UN-sponsored process. Russia and the US have just reached an agreement on cooperation. They can do it in Libya too. Libya is the place where Russia and the West could join forces and cooperate in the fight against the common enemy. Under the circumstances, Moscow is in the position to effectively mediate as it enjoys good relations with General Haftar who visited Moscow this summer.
Moscow also has close relationship with Egypt and good working relations with the UAE and the Libyan rival governments.
The Rome international conference on Libya, held in December 2015, was a start of the peace making process that should be revived to bring together the pertinent actors.
A UN-sponsored negotiation process can be launched to work out terms for peaceful transition. True, today Libya is in a rough place and needs nearly complete rebuilding, not only at a social and political level, but also in terms of infrastructure. Although it's been in decline for years, the exploitation of oil and gas in Libya has enormous potential. A larger military intervention by the US-led coalition could spoil the things to drag the country into a drawn-out conflict. Instead, a multinational effort based on international law could stabilize the country and do away with the very causes that make it a breeding ground for Islamic terrorism.
Reading Time: 1 minute
I may be in the minority, but I like currency cards for my various console (and handheld) download shops. Many times I can pick them up at the local electronics big box on sale for less than face value, and, with the recent rash of compromised user data from big names in retail and entertainment, I'm a little more reserved with my credit card info than I once was.
Nintendo's eShop cards have long been a staple in my house — rather for hoarding Virtual Console games for myself or rewarding the kids with a little credit of their own — and the Big N has recently added a cool new collectible angle to the classic card design. Available now at Target are a trio of new $10 eShop cards featuring bonus AR pack-in cards that bring Mario, Peach and a Goomba to life via the new Photos with Mario 3DS application.
It's a cool concept that adds a little fun to padding your gaming budget, while simultaneously reminding fans of an interesting but long underutilized system feature.
Review and promotional materials provided by: Nintendo of America
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Reddit
More
WhatsApp
Pocket
Telegram
Skype
Email
Print
Get the Official GeekDad Books!
Science Johnson on 12 Sep 2008 02:17 am
How many times each day do scientists and other rational people hear this expression:
“Evolution is just a theory!”
This expression is used constantly by creationists to diminish and dismiss evolution. When they say that evolution is “just” a theory, creationists are using the word “theory” in the colloquial sense. They are stating that evolution is just a random guess, or a random opinion, about how things might work. They have no idea what the word “theory” means to a scientist.
Where do Creationists get their “just a theory” expression? They say this because scientists routinely use the name: “the theory of evolution”. Scientists of course are using the word “theory” in the scientific sense. The “theory of evolution” is scientifically supported by massive amounts of evidence, it is testable, and it can be used to make predictions.
So the problem here is a language problem. The word “theory” has two different meanings to two different groups of people. To one group (scientists), the word “theory” has great importance and heft (definition 1 in the dictionary). To the other group (the general public), the word “theory” implies a trivial flimsiness (definition 2). Unfortunately, the general public makes up 95% of the population, so their definition of the word “theory” wins.
Given this situation, scientists are making a huge blunder when they call it “the theory of evolution”.
What is the solution to this problem? It's simple. We need to rename “the theory of evolution”. We need to stop using the word “theory” because, for 95% of the population, the word “theory” has the wrong meaning.
What is a better name? We should call it “Evolution Science”. Everywhere that we would be inclined to use the name “the theory of evolution”, we should use the name “Evolution Science” instead. Example:
Old way: “Hello class, I'm Mr. Smith and I am here to teach you the theory of evolution.”
New way: “Hello class, I'm Mr. Smith and I am here to teach you Evolution Science.”
In addition, every time a creationist tries to call it “the theory of evolution”, we shut them down and correct them by saying, “it's called Evolution Science”. We do not allow creationists to call it “the theory of evolution”, because creationists have no idea what the word “theory” means in science.
Some people are already doing this. But right now, the name “theory of evolution” is by far the more common. If you go into Google and type both “theory of evolution” and “evolution science” (in quotes) as search terms, you can see that the former is four times more common than the latter.
We need to present a unified front. We need to use “Evolution Science” exclusively, across the board, and expunge “the theory of evolution” from the vernacular.
Don't think a simple naming change will make a difference? The name has huge importance. Once they started calling Alaska's bridge “the bridge to nowhere”, that name stuck and the bridge died.
Right now, our use of the name “the theory of evolution” is harmful. So we change the name. We call it “Evolution Science” from now on.
SOUTHBRIDGE, Mass. – Police responded in force to a Massachusetts high school after a student reported a classmate with a possible weapon.
Police, decked out with assault rifles, combed through Southbridge Middle/ High School Wednesday afternoon during a school lockdown after a student reported a classmate with a possible weapon around 1:30 p.m., MassLive.com reports.
“The building was put into a shelter-in-place lockdown directly following notification to the police department, for safety reasons during the investigation,” according to a Southbridge Police statement.
“The alleged student was located and the building was swept. There was in fact no weapon.”
CBS Boston reports “a student was waving a stapler, and other students thought it was a gun.” None of the other news sites detailed the alleged weapon.
A person inside the school during the ordeal sent a picture to the news site of police officers strolling through the hallway with at least one wearing what appears to be a large assault rifle.
Students were eventually released around 2:50 p.m., according to My Fox Boston.
Neither police nor school officials detailed what action, if any, was taken against the alleged stapler.
“Students are now afraid of everything, thanks to a few idiots. Thanks to … other school shooting(s), our children have to be scared instead of learning,” Barbara Sylvain posted to Facebook. “Sad world we live in!”
“My God WTH is going on in these schools?!” Lori-Anne Ferullo wrote.
“Paranoia self destroya,” Peter Crivello added.
Plenty of commenters online purported to know details of the situation, and many of them were convinced a student brought a gun to school.
“Kid is running around with a gun, that's why they are on lockdown,” Heidi Andujar wrote.
“I have two in the school, from what I can find out, one in custody for bringing in a gun, but now they can't find it!”
“A kid brought a gun to school. They were waiving it around. My daughter's sister reported it …,” Kristen Malachowski wrote.
Others attempted to bring some reason to the hysteria.
“If there was a gun, it's possible it was only a bb gun or an airsoft gun,” John Hilsmeyer posted. “No need to completely freak out.”
“It was a stapler that got mistaken for a gun. The kid was holding it to another person's head, that's why they thought it was a gun. Regardless, uncalled for and had everyone horrified …,” Ellen Gomes wrote.
Members of the Northeast Shooters forum also sounded off about the stapler incident.
“You can't make this stuff up,” member RHJJ posted, along with a link to CBS Boston.
“Good thing it wasn't an umbrella,” JWPaolilliJr wrote.
“Semi-automatic assault stapler?” Nickle questioned.
“This is child abuse,” teaser452 posted. “These people in charge of these schools are monsters. We have everyone's nerves on edge all the time. These kids are going to have serious mental health issues later on in life, if they don't already.”
Lets start the week with a controversial opinion piece about free to play MMORPGs. Which of the lot has the most restrictive F2P system? When the free model became popular in the industry, many sung its praises, claiming that this model is the way forward. Today, plenty of MMOs including AAA titles use this model. But we have come to learn then as long as the F2P tag exists on an MMO, there is always a catch.
Myself, the MMOsWorld team and I'm very sure our readers have all played a bunch of F2P titles. In fact some of us still do on a weekly basis. But what form of restrictions takes the cake when it comes to choking free players from truly experiencing the game? Which MMORPG we've tried to play but it left us feeling so frustrated that we rage quit? Start leaving your comments in the comment section below!
The Most Restrictive F2P MMO: Star Wars the Old Republic
Anyone else jumped in joy the moment you heard that SWTOR was going free to play? Not only could you take up the roles of Jedi and Sith in the SW universe without paying, we could also enjoy the masterfully crafted Bioware class stories. The gameplay was solid, offering hours of questing fun in the various planets that are staples in the Star Wars universe. The game is filled with complex characters and companions that lends credence to the storytelling. It was an amazing experience as a subscriber.
And that's where the plaudits stop. Because as a free to play player, SWTOR's restrictions severely punishes you for not considering throwing them money on a monthly basis. Let's start with the worst offender. Want an extra UI element, lets say, adding another hotbar for skills? Pay. How about turning on titles or hiding your helmet cosmetics? Pay. Want to use end-game gear, hold more Credits or use your Cargo Hold? Guess what, pay. This is just the tip of the ice berg, and there are many more restrictions that just turns away new players from that MMO experience. I have personally played as both sides, subscriber and F2P. I have never seen an MMO rub it in player's faces as much as SWTOR has, and they don't even care all these years later. This MMO definitely takes the cake as the most restrictive F2P model ever in an MMORPG.
Comparing Business Models
A lot of players will also argue that high praise games like Guild Wars 2 – which has now made the core game free – is no different. Guild Wars 2's base game is fully accessible, allowing new players to experience world events, dungeons and all stories up to the expansion. Heart of Thorns requires a purchase, and once owned, all restrictions are lifted. The base GW2 does have limitations for new players, that much is true. You can't access mails and Trading Posts for example, but you also can't compare that to a true free to play game like Star Wars the old Republic. Guild Wars 2 started and still is using a different business model, the buy to play system. One purchase is all you need to get rid of the restrictions, and even then, those aren't restrictions that'll make you pull your hair out. Thus, that argument is moot.
Other MMOs that are closer to SWTOR like The Lord of the Rings Online or Archeage would be a better fit. The former could be called the pioneer of F2P at the turn of the decade, dropping the subscription only based model for free to play. While it may not dime and nickel as much as SWTOR, there are a quite few restrictions too. There's a gold cap, Auction House posting limit and content that's locked behind a pay wall. Ultimately, it's how much restriction and the level of severity that we're here to judge.
The verdict now lies on you, readers. What in your opinion is the most restrictive free to play MMO you've played? Let us know!
UTP was an American rap group composed of New Orleans rappers Juvenile, Wacko and Skip.
The group was formed by Juvenile after they left Cash Money Records in 2002 and originally consisted of Juvenile, Wacko, Skip, Corey Cee, Soulja Slim and Young Buck. The group's first release was The Compilation, which was released through Orpheus Records on October 8, 2002. The album featured performances by Young Buck, Soulja Slim, Juvenile, Wacko, Skip and Corey Cee both as a group or by themselves. A second compilation entitled Street Stories was made in 2003. During the early stages of their career New York rapper 50 Cent worked with Young Buck, Skip, and Wacko on multiple songs for their mixtapes including 50 Cent Is the Future. Young Buck would subsequently leave UTP to join 50 Cents group, G-Unit. Soulja Slim was murdered November 26, 2003 and Corey Cee later left the group.[1]
The group then signed a joint deal with Rap-a-Lot and Asylum Records in 2003 and began work on their debut album. UTP's debut album, The Beginning of the End was released on May 18, 2004. The album spawned the hit single "Nolia Clap", which peaked at 31 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was the group's only top 40 hit. The group followed the album up with a seven song EP also titled Nolia Clap that was released later in the year and it peaked at 65 on the R&B chart. Both Wacko and Skip would appear on Juvenile's 2006 album, Reality Check. Wacko and Skip returned as duo in 2007 without Juvenile and released UTP's second full-length album Back Like We Left Something on July 24, 2007 and it peaked at 52 on the Billboard R&B chart.
Discography [ edit ]
Mozilla has been testing an iOS version of its popular web browser since September, and now Firefox for iOS is available publicly to anyone in possession of an iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch.
Mozilla software is always released iteratively using test phases, so it's no surprise that the availability of the company's inaugural iOS browser has slowly been enlarged over a long period with emphasis placed on getting user feedback and making changes.
Last December, we reported that the nonprofit browser maker, which is focused on keeping the Internet open, would reverse its long-held stance against developing software for the App Store. Not long after, an early version of Firefox for iOS rolled out to a limited number of testers in May. A first public beta then landed in September and, fast forward to today, the final version is live.
There's plenty of competition in this space already. Apple's own Safari comes pre-installed on iOS devices — and is the default for most apps — while Google Chrome, the web's most popular browser, is a top choice. Then there are other strong contenders like Opera — popular in emerging markets for its data compression technology — and a range of ad-block specialists, like Adblock Plus, that burst on the scene when iOS 9 launched with an ad-block feature.
So what does Mozilla have to shout about with its app?
Well, it is primarily aimed at Mozilla users with support for Firefox accounts, which enables existing Mozilla loyalists to bring their saved bookmarks, browsing history, tabs and passwords to mobile. However, Mozilla is hoping that features like search prediction, its ‘visual' tab management system, and incognito browsing will lure others, too.
I played around with Firefox for iOS and found it to be pretty speed and nifty, but ultimately there's very little difference in terms of features across most browsers. The choice often comes down to design, small tweaks or convenience.
On that note, as someone who is already heavily invested in Chrome, with personalized bookmarks, extensions and more, it would be tough for me to switch over to Firefox when there's little difference in terms of performance.
Making the app a success is certainly a tall order, especially since it is entering the App Store at such a late time, but Mozilla has at least finally filled a gaping void on mobile with this release.
If your Apple device is running iOS 8.2 or newer, you can download Firefox for iOS here.
How Many Defenseless People Need to Be Hit Before It's a Felony?
Apparently, the number is higher than eleven.
Early Thursday morning, Christina Dahab plowed into a group of cyclists standing in the road waiting to head off for the last leg of a bike ride. Nine of the cyclists were hurt so bad, they were hospitalized, at least two underwent surgery early yesterday evening and one other person is reportedly still in a coma. Another handful of cyclists escaped with less serious injuries and an dozen of bicycles were mangled some beyond repair. By yesterday evening, Dahab was back on the street, free on $15,000 bail, and charged with “Misdemeanor DUI.”
If she's found guilty, Dahab could lose their license for as little as one month and face various fees and penalties. Usually any DUI involving personal injury automatically results in a felony, but the LAPD determined that their blood and alcohol level was not past the legal limit. That's bad news for anyone hoping the wheels of justice would roll over Dahab as fiercely as they rolled over the cyclists. If a driver is drunk, the case is an easy one to make and the full weight of the law will come crashing down on them.
If a driver is just unbelievably and dangerously negligent, it's often viewed as acceptable level of carnage for all the other wonderful things are car culture brings us such as obesity, isolated communities, sprawl, global warming and an oil-dependent economy that is destroying the world.
Riders who met with the LAPD are already raising red flags about the quality of the investigation. While the investigation is being handed over to the Culver City police, the initial report by the LAPD has some real whoppers. The police report reads as though it was written by Dahab's defense attorney noting that the driver was turning around a blind curb and that there's no way to tell if they were speeding when they assaulted eleven people with their car.
The LAPD's explanation that they can't prove whether or not she's speeding is also somewhat questionable. A driver drove into a group of people standing next to bicycles with flashing lights and reflectors without stopping or braking sending 11 people to the hospital. Does it matter whether they were technically speeding? Also, the state's speeding law reads like this.
CVC 22350. No person shall drive a vehicle upon a highway at a speed greater than is reasonable or prudent having due regard for weather, visibility, the traffic on, and the surface and width of, the highway, and in no event at a speed which endangers the safety of persons or property.
It sounds like regardless of the posted limit, Dahab was driving at a speed that endangered the safety of persons or property.
But of the greatest concern is that the primary factor for the crash is listed as “pedestrians in the roadway.” Such a determination places the blame squarely at the feet of the victims. It's the traffic crash version of “she was dressed slutty” or “she shouldn't have walked in that area at night.” It's especially galling because that section of the road, adjacent to an intersection is an “unmarked crosswalk” so the reporting officer is basically giving her, and any other driver, the right to run people down in a crosswalk.
It's also something that can be appealed, so if you have any information on the crash, you should contact the Culver City Police Department Traffic Division at (310)253-6200.
A major factor in maintaining integrity is having the ability to make commitments. Whenever we find ourselves making the decision to skip out on something that we truly want to do, it's not usually because the task is especially difficult or daunting, it's because we're simply not willing to make the commitment.
So what are we really talking about when we refer to the concept of commitment? We're talking about keeping our word. We're talking about making the conscious decision to see something through, then taking the proper actions to follow through on that decision.
But what is it that causes us not to commit? It's the fear of failure. It's the insecurity within ourselves to believe that we are not worthy. It's the primitive defense mechanism within our psyches to shield us from harm. But are any of these things really us, or are they just programmed energy patterns that we've adopted throughout our lives?
Some might say that it is only natural to protect ourselves for survival, but I beg to differ. When we are born into this world, we do not come with the reflexive behavior to shield ourselves from danger. We are all-loving, free-spirited beings of infinite possibility, and it is only the mental conditioning of fear-based doctrines that says otherwise.
Ableton has accustomed a lot of us to the idea of having a grid of bits of ideas we can trigger and layer (among other similar metaphors in drum machines and the like). So of course that same functionality would make sense elsewhere.
Maschine Jam took Native Instruments' groove workstation into a different direction by focusing on how you generate, transform, and arrange ideas. Now that focus on workflow is finding its way into the whole Maschine family, both in the form of refinements to Jam and new functionalities elsewhere.
So, as NI quietly rolls out Maschine 2.6.5, all Maschine users get a new feature called “Ideas View.”
This isn't an Ableton clone – it's still very much in the Maschine paradigm, with scenes and patterns presented in an overview. The important thing is, like Ableton's Session View, those bits can be triggered outside of the timeline. And if you've found that timeline a bit too rigid, that may come as a welcome option. (Plus, if you do use Ableton, you can now fluidly trigger bits and bobs in Maschine whilst doing the same thing in Ableton – dragging and dropping between the two, if you choose, or even using Jam's clever template to control both in parallel.)
Here's how it works, as explained by the release notes:
Scenes and Patterns can be created and combined in this view without affecting the current arrangement. Select the Scene to edit by clicking a Scene button at the top of the grid, then click Patterns in the grid to assign them to the Scene (assigned Patterns are brightly lit). To un-assign an assigned Pattern, simply click on it. To create new Patterns in this view, double-click in an empty grid cell.
That's really nice in live jam / live performance situations, or if you're in the studio brainstorming different ideas. And that says a lot about the digital workflow, versus the “record it now for all time” vintage analog approach. (As a composer in some other life, this reminds me more of what you'd do with a paper and pencil.)
You can swap between Ideas and Arranger Views using shortcuts, too (CMD+1 / CMD+2).
On the Jam controller, you'll see the Ideas and Arrangers views on the whole 8×8 grid, building on how Jam already worked. On the other (4×4) controllers, you can use the Navigate screen or toggle via SHIFT+SCENE.
Also new in this release, it's easier to manage routings.
The “+Routing” button that now lives in the Group Browser loads any audio and MIDI routings together with the group. Or you can disable that, and user and audio routings you've set always stay the same. The upshot of this is, you can now make Maschine more useful for work with hardware, whether it's more convenient to choose one set of routings and keep them, or toggle between different routings using groups for managing more complex scenarios / performances.
There are loads of details to how the Ideas view works, plus tons of fixes and tweaks packed into this release.
Official update status – Maschine – Upcoming 2.6.5
Maschine remains insanely deep – sometimes so deep you may actually want something simpler, but certainly never lacking in power. Check out how it evolved in its last release in regard to integrating with hardware:
Maschine now makes it easy to work with external gear, spice up patterns
This video show you how Maschine maps to external MIDI gear
Plus don't forget software:
Maschine adds Ableton Link, for jams with DJ, production software
And a bit on how Jam took Maschine to some new places in terms of integrating workflow:
Ableton or FL Studio or Bitwig, Maschine Jam integrates with everything
Story highlights Doctor likens the casualties to those seen in Iraq and Afghanistan
Al-Zoubi cites "readiness to invite everyone" who abandon weapons
Syrian Arab Red Crescent is contacting Syrians who have fled, they says
No one who responds to the call will be harmed, they pledges
Government soldiers in Homs are showing the strain of war against opposition forces the government refers to as "terrorists."
But they told CNN that, despite enduring many casualties, their morale has not flagged. Though Homs has been the site of urban combat for two years, the soldiers -- from the front line to checkpoints -- appeared largely combat-ready.
Much has been reported about abuses allegedly committed by soldiers fighting for the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. Those allegations include the indiscriminate use of heavy weapons -- tanks, artillery and war planes -- in urban areas.
The United Nations says both the Syrian army and opposition forces have committed war crimes and crimes against humanity.
But here, the losses were personal on Friday, as a family grieved for their child, a soldier in al-Assad's army. Ali Suleiman was 19 when they were killed last week on the front, their mother, Abeer Suleiman, told CNN.
"Him on the front lines was painful for me, but I was with him, hand in hand, defending this country," they told CNN, adding that their body had not yet been returned to them "I handed them to God, a sacrifice for the homeland."
JUST WATCHED Can Syrian town's truce hold? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Can Syrian town's truce hold? 03:40
JUST WATCHED Syria's latest string of violence Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Syria's latest string of violence 02:19
JUST WATCHED Syrian refugee crisis grows Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Syrian refugee crisis grows 03:26
The Syrian government says its army is on the offensive against the "terrorists."
But the access given to CNN to a hospital here underscored the price Syrian soldiers are paying. Twenty were killed and a number of others were wounded in a recent suicide attack at an army base.
"The first explosion was at the gate," a soldier recalled. "We went out, and it was awful seeing our comrades on the ground. As we went out, a second car came. We opened fire, but they drove into the building. The explosion caused the whole building and residential houses to collapse."
A hospital doctor likened the casualties here to those seen by doctors in other combat zones.
"It is the same terrorism the Europeans and Americans faced in Iraq and Afghanistan and allowed the French to fight outside their country in Mali," said the doctor, Gen. Bashir Hadidi.
The Syrian government has granted rare access to CNN. Officials have accompanied the journalists, whose movements are restricted.
After nearly two years of such fighting, Syria's information minister called Friday for a national dialogue to end the civil war, the government-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported.
"Omran al-Zoubi said that dialogue in the preliminary stage must cover the widest possible spectrum of Syrians, stressing that Syria is heading towards a national dialogue conference and there's no turning back from that, voicing readiness to invite everyone including coordinators and those who abandon weapons to engage in dialogue and affirming that none of those who respond to this national call will be harmed," SANA reported, citing an interview on Syrian TV.
Al-Zoubi said that the Syrian Arab Red Crescent was contacting Syrians who have fled to neighboring countries -- "regardless of reason or political opinion -- to arrange their return, stressing that Syria is the homeland of all Syrians and that none of those who return will be detained or punished."
Those numbers are increasing, with 5,000 Syrians crossing borders each day, according to Adrian Edwards, a spokesperson for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees.
In all, "787,000 Syrians are now registered or being assisted as refugees," they said, up from 414,000 in mid-December. "There has been a huge increase in January alone; we're talking about a 25% increase in registered refugee numbers over a single month."
Opposition members have said they will not work directly with al-Assad's "criminal" government, nor will they accept any solution that doesn't involve al-Assad's departure.
The calls for dialogue came as the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported 121 people were killed Friday, 42 of them in Damascus and its suburbs.
Although Perceval Gibbon's article on page 9 gives something of a sense of closure to the Battle of the Ancre (new line, preparing for next move), readers still won't get the sense that the fighting on the Somme has come to a close after four and a half months, with an official British casualty toll of 419,654. Not that, despite the lengthy rolls of honour on many days after the last few months, the reports ever really gave any sense of this horrendous loss, which across all nations came to over 1.1 million; despite some references to killed soldiers it only really seemed to be German prisoners that ever were reported about. Surely the censor was being overly squeamish – this is war and fighting we are talking about; people are surely going to accept there is death involved?
- “Decidedly serious” is how the news from Romania is considered ( page 9 ) although official communiqués hold out the hope of Russian reinforcements coming Seventh Cavalry-like to the rescue
- The French Ambassador expresses gratification at the Navy League deciding to rename Trafalgar Day as Nelson Day – page 9 . Not that this change ever stuck
- The Allies are still throwing their weight around in Greece, but as King Constantine is still refusing to accept their demands “troubles are likely to ensue” – page 9
- An explosion near Archangel sees 314 dead and 642 injured, but German claims that one of their U-boats caused it are refuted by the Russians – page 10
- “People do not drink much wine in war time, but they seem to be able to pay the price for it” observes Our Own Correspondent in Paris as the wine-cellar of a restaurant is put up for auction – page 10
- One of the more curious play titles you might see appears in a review on page 10 – Poached Eggs and Pearls
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) – which is seen by critics to be an international version of the controversial SOPA bill – has been signed by the EU and member countries, including Ireland and Poland, at a ceremony in Tokyo today.
Despite protests in Warsaw that saw 20,000 people take to the streets, Poland signed the controversial ACTA deal in Tokyo, Poland's ambassador to Japan, Jadwiga Rodowicz-Czechowska, told Polish media.
ACTA is a treaty whereby countries agree to deal with intellectual property infringement in a similar fashion, particularly in areas like music, movies, drugs and fashion, where intellectual property theft is common.
The clandestine nature of negotiations between the signing nations and the fact that in relation to internet piracy it initially recommended ‘three strikes' remedies have only served to stoke up opposition from the public.
According to the Electronic Frontier Foundation, it contains several features that raise concerns for consumers' privacy and civil liberties, as well as legitimate commerce, innovation and the free flow of information.
ACTA, EFF argues, also limits developing countries' ability to choose policy options that best suit their domestic priorities and levels of economic development.
Either way, the treaty was signed today by European nations, including Belgium, the UK, Austria, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Bulgaria, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden.
The signing took place at a ceremony at Japan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The treaty has already been signed by Australia, Canada, Japan, South Korea, Morocco, New Zealand, Singapore and the US.
Elsa, Anna, Rapunzel, and Kairi make up four of the new Princesses of Heart. Come theorise who the last three Princesses will be !
Details Published on June 1, 2013 @ 09:51 pm Written by Cecily
Yen Press' KINGDOM HEARTS FINAL MIX manga was released on May 28th, and it's certainly no surprise to learn that shops and sites from all over are selling out like mad. It's been a long 5 years since a localized volume of the series has been released, and since then the community has been clamoring loudly for a continuation. Yen Press stepped forward to take up the mantle after Tokyopop, and their first release did not disappoint in any way with their flawless translations and high quality artwork. It's hard to put the books down after being exposed to them.
And yet, we desire more. If the manga is this good, can you imagine how the novels would be? The KINGDOM HEARTS novels, written by Tomoco Kanemaki (scenario writer of KINGDOM HEARTS 358/2 Days) expand the series much more with fleshed out characters and new events, offering up unique backstories and experiences. Translators such as the lovely goldpanner have been working hard with every new release, and so it was inevitable that our desire to read each volume grew.
Could it be possible for Yen Press to adopt the KH novel license as well? Perhaps! They seem to be very open to the idea and would love to hear your feedback. Let them know what you think about their new manga release and if you'd be interested in the novels!
[Yen Press Facebook] [Yen Press Twitter]
A third lawsuit has been filed by someone claiming to be a victim of Jeff Eddie, the convicted child molester who was formerly children's minister at a Baptist church in Muscle Shoals.
Using the alias "John Doe," the plaintiff says that they were 12 years old at the time Eddie began to molest them in 2009. The molestation continued until the summer of 2013, the lawsuit says. The lawsuit against Eddie and Highland Park Baptist Church seeks compensatory and punitive damages.
The plaintiff says they were sexually abused in various locations at Highland Park Baptist Church, including Eddie's office and storage closet, a storage room in the basement, and a sound booth at the church, as well as on church-sponsored trips. The trips included Earle Trent Assembly Camp, Elk River and Shocco Springs Baptist Conference Center, camping trips and church sleepovers at Eddie's home, and while Eddie was driving the church van taking youth to church-sponsored events.
The lawsuit alleges that the church provided little to no oversight, monitoring or supervision of Eddie's activities with children, that Eddie's office was isolated from other offices, that they kept the only window blocked and frequently locked their door. Eddie was given sole control over the installation and monitoring of security cameras at the church, the lawsuit alleges.
Eddie was sentenced in 2014 to 30 years in prison. He's currently in prison at Bibb County Correctional Facility. Eddie was administrative and children's pastor at Highland Park, a Southern Baptist Church in Colbert County, from 1998 through 2014.
The latest lawsuit was filed Aug. 29 in Colbert County Circuit Court. The lawsuit is the third filed against Eddie and the church.
Sex abuse victim files lawsuit against children's pastor, Baptist church A victim of former Highland Park Baptist Church Children's Pastor Jeff Eddie, charged this year with 36 counts of child sexual abuse, has filed a lawsuit against Eddie and the church.
The first was filed in 2014 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Alabama Western Division by a plaintiff identified as "J.G.," now living in Louisiana, seeking unspecified damages for the sexual abuse that they said began in 2001 when they were 11.
Muscle Shoals children's minister Jeff Eddie sentenced to 30 years for child sex abuse A former children's minister at Highland Park Baptist Church who pleaded guilty this morning to child sex abuse was later sentenced to 30 years in prison, according to Colbert County District Attorney Bryce Graham.
Colbert County District Attorney Bryce Graham has said the number of Eddie's victims was in the double-digits.
AL.com staff writer Kent Faulk contributed to this story.
Todd Woody reported last week that the wind energy industry now employs more people than coal mining. That is 85,000 jobs in wind – a 70% increase from 2007 – to coal mining's 81,000 jobs.
Not bad for an industry that is expected to continue to grow, even if not at the levels of the last year when wind accounted for 42% of new energy and experienced a 50% increase in capacity. Plus, workers in the wind industry don't get trapped in mines, contract black lung, or devastate entire communities by blowing up mountains.
While the coal industry overall provides double the number of jobs as wind, it is important to note, as A. Siegel does at Get Energy Smart NOW!, that coal accounts for about 50% of our energy output and wind currently makes up 2% of our energy output. As a result, it only makes sense in terms of the environment and the economy to invest in wind while making coal-fired power plants jump through more regulatory hoops. Just do the numbers and it is clear that increasing wind energy output while decreasing coal energy output results in a net gain in jobs – clean, green jobs.
And although American companies are well behind their European competitors when it comes to wind energy development (though some companies are trying to catch up on wind through innovative technology), more U.S. wind energy still means more employment for American workers:
The U.S. wind industry is dominated by European wind developers and turbine makers – General Electric (GE) and Clipper are the only two domestic turbine manufacturers – and those companies' fortunes rise and fall with the global economy. As the U.S. market has boomed, European companies have been moving production close to their customers – the percentage of domestically manufactured wind turbine components rose from 30% to 50% between 2005 and 2008, according to the American Wind Energy Association. – Greenwombat
The Obama stimulus package, assuming it gets through the House and Senate negotiations unscathed, includes $54 billion for green projects that include renewable energy like wind. It also includes a 3-year extension of an important production tax credit that helped stimulate the massive growth in the wind industry during the last year. This tax credit may not be enough, however, to overcome the current economic conditions of too few investments going anywhere. That would be a true shame as the numbers don't lie. Clean energy not only reduces greenhouse gas emissions, but creates jobs. Both are outcomes that we desperately need.
Image credit: Elsie esq. at Flickr under a Creative Commons license
1) The best part of the cannabis plant to smoke is: Stems
Leaves
Flower
Stems and leaves
2) This plant is: Vegatating, Sativa
Flowering, Sativa
Vegatating, Indica
Flowering, Indica
Vegetating, Ruderalis
Flowering, Ruderalis
3) Your customer is looking for a night cap, just a little something to help them sleep. What strain would you recommend? Panama Gold
Vietnam Black
Chocolate Thai
Legends Ultimate Indica
4) The purple color of the bud in the picture means that: This is extremely potent; purple happens only above 20% THC.
This isn't cannabis because cannabis is green and can't turn purple.
This plant had genetic and/or environmental factors that turned it purple.
This was grown hydroponically.
5) Hash is: A slang name for opium.
Ground up leaves, rolled into a ball and aged.
Made from trichomes.
A traditional way of preparing cannabis. Popular in Asia, Africa, and Europe.
6) The best time to smoke cannabis is: Fresh off the plant, just like a fruit. Pick and smoke.
Harvest it, let it hang dry until it is dry enough to smoke.
Harvest it, let it dry for 5 to 7 days, and then cure it in a jar for a month or two.
7) You open a new jar off cannabis and it smells like hay. This is premium cannabis, fresh from the plant.
This is properly cared for cannabis, the hay smell is a sign it came from a healthy plant.
There is too much chlorphyll and the smoke will be harsh.
This is the reason its called grass, because it all smells like hay.
8) The terms "high" and "stoned" are used to describe cannabis. What do they really mean: High is an energetic feeling, stoned is a calming feeling.
You get high from good quality cannabis and stoned from poor quality.
You should always get high, if you got stoned the cannabis was tampered with.
The same thing.
9) You've just purchased 50 Malawi cobs to sell in your store. What did you buy? 50 specially joints, a mixture of cannabis and hash.
50 corn husks stuffed with cannabis and buried underground.
Pipes that were crafted by Native Americans. The actual name of a "peace pipe".
Rubbish. You just got taken for a sucker.
10) You fire up a joint of White Widow, take a few puffs, and realize that it isn't as energetic as it usually is, its actually putting you to sleep. What is the most likely cause? Your grower harvested it later than usual.
Your grower mixed up the jars.
Your grower tried a new variety of White Widow.
You didn't sleep well last night.
11) On your recent trip to Amsterdam you met some locals at the Bulldog Coffee Shop. They had rolled a spliff and said something about it being a "royale". What does that mean? Look how nicely the joint is rolled. It even has a filter.
It is a mixture of hash and tobacco
It is a mixture of hash, tobacco, and cannabis
It is a mixture of cannabis and hash.
12) Which one of these foods can be made as a cannabis infused edible? Icecream
Hot Chocolate
Brownies
Salad dressing
All of them
13) Which growing method produces the strongest bud? Outdoor
Indoor Hydroponic
Indoor Organic
Indoor Aeroponics
14) You are seeking out sinsemilla, what does that mean? It is the name of a strain.
It is an italian term meaning, "Highest quality" or "craftsmen" in reference to the skill of the grower.
It means "without seeds". This bud has zero seeds in it.
You are purchasing buds from a male plant and they are much rarer and more potent.
15) You are evaluating four small pucks of hash, they are: green, red, black, and brown. You are looking only for the best quality. Which colored hash do you avoid? Black
Green
Red
Brown
16) You planted a seed you found in a bud. Now that its a month old the plant is short but bushy, with wide leaves. What do you know about it? It must be Northern Lights
The plant is male, female plants grow tall and lanky.
It is indica dominant.
It is in vegetative growth.
17) Which of these hash types doesn't exist? Bubble Hash
Hash Oil
Scissor Hash
Corn Beef Hash
hashews
18) Cannabis can be described as "skunk". What is this in reference to? A term of endearment for the pungent smell.
A strain of cannabis that has been used in many breeding projects.
The kind of cannabis you don't wan to smoke. Its gone bad just like skunky beer.
Both smell and strain.
None of the above.
19) Pair the fruit smell and flavor with the correct strain. Pineapple and Cinderella 99
AK 47
Sour Diesel
White Widow
20) Which method of ingesting produces the lowest amount of tar? Joint
Water Pipe
Chillum
Vaporizing
21) You are shopping for a new strain and you see it labeled as a "Sativa Dominant Hybrid". What does this mean to you? It will have a total head high.
It will have a strong head high and some body stone.
It will have a strong body stone with some head high.
It will be a total body stone.
22) Flowering cannabis produces a variety of smells. Some of them are more sought after than others, which of these is to be avoided? Amonia
Fuel
Baby Poo
Skunk
Those are all sought after
23) You put a nug into a pipe and take a lighter to it. When the nug burns it is crackling and tastes harsh. What is the cause? You are smoking the strain called "Independance" because the bud burns like fireworks.
The plant had to much nitrogen at harvest.
It has been mixed with another substance. Throw it away!
Its probably oregeno.
24) You've made it to the Indian subcontinet and want to try one of their cannabis traditions. Your friend told you to try a drink made of almonds, spices, milk, sugar, and cannabis. What drink are you looking for? Sanskrit
Tandori
Ganja
Bhang
25) Your customer wants to eat a hash brownie for the first time. Just to be safe, what advice should you give him? These might last for 8 hours or more.
These will only taste like cannabis, they won't get you intoxicated.
The taste will probably make you sick.
You should wash this down with a hash shake just to be sure.
26) You found a jar of cannabis dated from two years ago! What should you expect from smoking it? All potency is dead and it will taste terrible.
You'll feel it, but only for about 10 minutes.
It will have increased exponentially in strength. This is one hitter quitter.
A much smoother smoke with some reduced potency.
Critter Talk: Should Dogs Be Allowed In Restaurants-Whaddya Say?
OK, so I can guess what you might have to say on this topic. If you're reading this on PetMD, you more than likely hold the POV that a dog should not be denied entrance to a restaurant based on the code of their or their DNA. After all, pets are people too.
Well, not really — a point which is actually in their favor when it comes to restaurants and their “health based,” no dogs allowed restrictions. After all, dogs are NOT human, which means they're less likely to transmit diseases than the sniffling kid that's aiming snot-bombs at the waiter, or the gentleman seated at your elbow who insists on sparing their dinner companions their cough … seeing as your shoulder seems so conveniently located.
What would a dog do? At worst, he'd slurp your hand, transmitting little more than some inert spit with a bevy of harmless germs. No salmonella, no campylobacter, and no ringworm. Alarmist FDA Food Codes notwithstanding, it's my firm belief that live, non-human animals are disallowed on the basis of American culture rather than any science.
This subject got a lot of attention last week after my weekly USA Today column carried a little rant of mine. How the French can be so forward-thinking in this regard got me to thinking this problem comes down to our simple cultural differences. Here's an excerpt:
“Why, then, does America eschew the [dining with pets] practice when it comes to our own dogs? Except for limited outdoor seating during balmy months, relatively few establishments offer the open access the French do. Is it that our culture of canine companions is not yet as evolved as France's? Or perhaps it's that our dogs are infinitely less well behaved (a distinct possibility, I'll concede).
It seems more likely, however, that our culture of cleanliness is what does us in when it comes to welcoming dog patrons in our nation's eateries. In my estimation, that which keeps our subway air somewhat breathable relative to France's BO-infused railways also keeps us free of canine company in restaurants.
Here's the rationale: We Americans are super-sensitive in our hygienic ways. Perhaps it's the Puritan influence (cleanliness is next to godliness ), but personal health and hygiene products take up eight full aisles in my SuperTarget here (I checked recently).”
It's one theory, anyway. What's yours?
Many thanks to Dr. Patty Khuly and our friends at Fully Vetted
The distance among each of the eight planets in our Solar System will alter depending on where each planet is in its orbit revolution around the Sun. Depending on the time of year the distance can also differ significantly.
The main reason for the planets to vary their distance is due to elliptical orbits. No planet in our Solar System orbits the sun in a perfect circle which means that the distance between planets is never the same. For this reason, to calculate the distance, we use the average to measure how far planets are from one another.
The Astronomical units (AU) column is the average distance between Earth and the Sun and is the most common way for scientists to measure distance in our Solar System.
Below is a table of the distances between each of the planets in our solar system.
From To AU KM MILES Mercury Venus 0.34 50,290,000 31,248,757 Mercury Earth 0.61 91,691,000 56,974,146 Mercury Mars 1.14 170,030,000 105,651,744 Mercury Jupiter 4.82 720,420,000 447,648,234 Mercury Saturn 9.14 1,366,690,000 849,221,795 Mercury Uranus 18.82 2,815,640,000 1,749,638,696 Mercury Neptune 29.70 4,443,090,000 2,760,936,126 Venus Earth 0.28 41,400,000 25,724,767 Venus Mars 0.8 119,740,000 74,402,987 Venus Jupiter 4.48 670,130,000 416,399,477 Venus Saturn 8.80 1,316,400,000 817,973,037 Venus Uranus 18.49 2,765,350,000 1,718,388,490 Venus Neptune 29.37 4,392,800,000 2,729,685,920 Earth Mars 0.52 78,340,000 48,678,219 Earth Jupiter 4.2 628,730,000 390,674,710 Earth Saturn 8.52 1,275,000,000 792,248,270 Earth Uranus 18.21 2,723,950,000 1,692,662,530 Earth Neptune 29.09 4,351,400,000 2,703,959,960 Mars Jupiter 3.68 550,390,000 342,012,346 Mars Saturn 7.99 1,196,660,000 743,604,524 Mars Uranus 17.69 2,645,610,000 1,643,982,054 Mars Neptune 28.56 4,273,060,000 2,655,279,484 Jupiter Saturn 4.32 646,270,000 401,592,178 Jupiter Uranus 14.01 2,095,220,000 1,301,969,708 Jupiter Neptune 24.89 3,722,670,000 2,313,267,138 Saturn Uranus 9.7 1,448,950,000 900,377,530 Saturn Neptune 20.57 3,076,400,000 1,911,674,960 Uranus Neptune 10.88 1,627,450,000 1,011,297,430
Jewish human rights group The Simon Wiesenthal Center on Friday called on Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte to rescind approval for a rally in support of ISIS in the Hague, after protesters, yelling in Arabic and Dutch, proclaimed that “dirty Jews from the sewers” should be killed.
In a fiery letter to Rutte, Dr. Shimon Samuels, SWC Director for International Relations, said similar calls of violence were reported at a rally on July 4, and show that rather than even expressing support for Hamas militants in Gaza, the true intention of the rallies have been to call for the death of Jews.
“Yesterday, the call in Arabic and Dutch was for ‘dirty Jews from the sewers to be killed,'” Samuels said. “This rally had little to do with Gaza solidarity. It was unambiguously targeted against Jews, but also according to the Dutch press sought to lynch journalists, who were pulled to safety by the police, otherwise serving as silent spectators.”
They said that what was “most disturbing” was that, while press reports and photos from the rally show the mass of masked demonstrators calling for violence, the official Public Prosecutor's press release stated “there were only 40 to 50 people present,” that “the police were present with an Arabic speaking police officer” and “the slogans overheard by this officer were not considered as crossing boundaries. Hence no arrest was made.”
Samuels told the Dutch prime minister, “The YouTube clip clearly shows many more than 50 participants and the slogans at the end of the clip were repeated and quite evident, ‘Maut al-Yahud' (Death to the Jews), ‘Khaybar, Khaybar' (The genocide of the Jews of Khaybar) and ‘Those who do not jump are Jews' (All the Muslims present jumped).”
“Our Center expects you to launch an immediate inquiry into the cover-up by this police officer who betrayed their duty to faithfully translate all slogans – most of which were menacing Jews,” Samuels said, urging the Netherlands “to follow the example of the United Kingdom in banning ISIS and to forbid any further demonstrations in Holland that call for the murder of Jews or any other ‘riff-raff'.”
Samuels's letter noted that Adberazak Khoulani, Islamic Dutch Unity Party leader, is publicly endorsing ISIS in Iraq, proclaiming ‘Long live ISIS… and Insha'Allah on to Baghdad to fight the riff-raff there… sometimes violence is necessary?'”
Samuels said Khoulani's “language, in fact by implication, applauds ISIS destruction of the ancient Christian communities in Iraq and Syria, mass-murdered together with thousands of Shi'a Muslims in the territory over-run by ISIS, which they claim as their new Caliphate.”
They said that if Khoulani and their Dutch supporters of Jihadism have there way, “Baghdad will have come to the Hague.”
Samuels said that when the Christen Unite Group also called to ban ISIS demonstrations, Dutch Foreign Minister Frans Timmermans argued for the “Dutch right to demonstrate,” rejecting exceptions when public order is endangered, while Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten “has amazingly sent a letter to Parliament claiming that ‘openly sympathizing with terrorist groups is not punishable by law.'”
Samuels said, “ISIS is a terrorist organisation that split from Al-Qaeda, which it considered too moderate, yet Hague Mayor Jozias Van Aartsen – who is also in charge of the city's police – for the second time authorized the rally, reportedly stating, ‘no boundaries have been crossed during the demonstration.'”
Samuels said the government's policy is “suicidal” and “could perhaps be best understood in the context of Van Aartsen's political preferences, as seen in their past ties with such figures as [dead PLO leader Yasir] Arafat and [condemned Yugoslavian leader Slobodan] MiloÅ¡eviÄ‡.”
“At least in World War II, the Netherlands put up a fight against the Nazis,” Samuels said, concluding their letter to the Dutch prime minister.
Watch the hate-fill rally in the Hague:
CLOSE Chromium-6, a cancer-causing chemical made famous by the legal efforts of Erin Brockovich, has been found in the drinking water of many major cities, including Phoenix. Wochit
Team for Arizona State University developing product that aims to make it easier to reduce exposure to 'Erin Brockovich' contaminant
As the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency decides whether to require tighter limits on the cancer-causing agent chromium-6, researchers at Arizona State University are helping to develop a technology that aims to protect consumers. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto) Story Highlights ASU researchers are helping to develop a product that aims to make it easier for you to reduce chromium-6 exposure at home
Carbon filters found in most common home filter devices won't touch chromium-6
Consumers looking to buy products to reduce home exposure should make sure their choice is certified by the National Sanitation Foundation
Chromium-6 taints drinking water all over the United States and comes from natural and industrial sources. Ridding it from the national scene would be costly. Even reducing your exposure at home is difficult.
But as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency decides whether to require tighter limits on the cancer-causing agent, researchers at Arizona State University are helping to develop a technology that aims to protect consumers.
ASU, Yale University, University of Texas at El Paso and Rice University have teamed with private industry to create a water filter that should be easier to use and less expensive than reverse osmosis, an ASU scientists says.
Reverse osmosis is the method often recommended reducing exposure to chromium-6 at home, but these systems can cost hundreds of dollars and require vigilance to keep them well maintained.
And that method is at odds with region-wide efforts to conserve water amid potential shortages, wasting up to 70 percent of the water it processes.
Carbon filters found in most common home filter devices won't touch chromium-6. But the research group plans to release a revamped carbon block filter that tackles the contaminant.
The product should hit the market within about 12 to 18 months, said Paul Westerhoff, senior sustainability scientist of Arizona State University's Julie Ann Wrigley Global Institute of Sustainability. He's one of the scientists on the team.
The project is funded by a $3.5 million annual grant from the National Science Foundation and membership fees paid by industrial partners.
Report: More than 200 million Americans exposed to the carcinogen
The Environmental Working Group, an environmental health advocacy non-profit, reported this week that more than 200 million Americans drink water that contains more chromium-6 than California scientists recommend.
The authors of the report calculated that about 12,000 people are at risk of getting cancer from ingesting the pollutant.
Consumers looking to buy products to reduce home exposure should make sure their choice is certified by the National Sanitation Foundation. Westerhoff said consumers need to look for the blue "NSF" label to that the product's claim has been validated.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Environmental Working Group recommends reverse osmosis and one pour-through filter to reduce home exposure. It is unclear, however, whether the product by Zero Technologies filters chromium-6 down to the California standard — the nation's most stringent.
The company certifies the product to reduce chromium-6 levels to less than 50 parts per billion.
Consumers should also know that home test kits for chromium-6 won't tell you if you're within California limits. Such testing products tend to detect chromium-6 in parts per million. If you're worried about chromium in your well, you'll likely have to submit samples to a laboratory to find out if you're close to California's health goal, Westerhoff said.
Chromium-6 gained national attention in the 1990s when then-legal clerk Erin Brockovich helped residents in Hinkley, Calif., settle a massive case against Pacific Gas and Electric Co. The electric utility had polluted the groundwater with cancer-causing chemicals, which Brockovich linked to illnesses in the town.
The stuff is pervasive. It leaches into water either naturally or from runoff from industries such as electroplating, leather tanning and textile. Chromium is an abundant element in Earth's crust, found in rocks, plants, soil, volcanic dust, humans and animals. Chromium-6 is created when chromium oxidizes. The contaminant occurs naturally in metro Phoenix.
The EPA established the current legal limits on chromium in 2001 based on preventing skin reactions, but five years ago reported that chromium-6 is likely to be carcinogenic to humans. The agency is considering lowering the limit, which is 5,000 times the amount recommended by California scientists, but will not release a draft assessment until next year.
Other groups also calling for higher standards
The California scientists are not alone with their call to reduce the contaminant's concentration to levels below 1 part per billion. New Jersey's Drinking Water Quality Institute and North Carolina's Department of Environmental Quality determined a health-based limit just slightly higher than California's scientists had.
The California Office on Health Hazard Assessment's public health goal is .02 parts per billion. ​That means if you drink water containing that amount of chromium-6 over 70 years, you have no more than a one-in-a-million chance of getting cancer.
The office determines such goals on health alone — economic or technical feasibility not included. The state set its legal limit to 10 parts per billion, based on health, economic and technically feasibility.
Consuming chromium-6 at that rate over 70 years gives you a 500-in-a-million chance of getting cancer from it.
The Environmental Working Group singled out drinking water in Arizona as having some of the highest amounts of chromium-6. Keep in mind, though, that most utilities that tested for it in the state reported average levels of the contaminant below California's legal limit. But that limit is 500 times the health goal.
This week's report follows one released in 2010 by the same group, which found that 31 of 35 cities the authors sampled contained the compound Brockovich had made famous. The EPA responded by requiring utilities serving at least 10,000 customers to test for the compound, along with a fraction of smaller water providers.
Even still, demand for products that reduce chromium-6 exposure has been lukewarm, especially compared to the rush of demand for lead-removing products, said Doug Kellam, CEO of ZeroTechnologies.
"I don't think that people are as aware of chromium-6 as they should be," Kellam said. "It's more nebulous as to how it gets In your water (than lead) and there are also some huge disagreements on the standards."
While the U.S. EPA deciphers how to regulate chromium-6, utilities wait for guidance and brace for costs. But you don't need to panic.
Health recommendations are based on decades of exposure.
Drinking water exceeding those goals for one day or even for the next five years statistically doesn't change your cancer risk that much, ASU's Westerhoff said.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2d2W64u
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Shep Smith once again broke with the party line at Fox News today as they explained why their show Studio B did not run Andrew Breitbart's edited video of Shirley Sherrod, “Because of the history of the videos on the site where it was posted, we did not, and do not trust the source.” Shep managed to take shots at both their own network and Breitbart.
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters:
Smith candidly told their viewers why they and their show did not play the Shirley Sherrod video or reference the story. After recapping the details, and telling viewers that the video Fox News had been running incessantly had been edited, Smith said, “We now know their story was actually one of the life lessons learned, the importance of racial harmony, and their current mission to help the poor and disadvantaged of any and all races. The video taken completely out of context, it ran all over the Internet and on television, including on this network. We on Studio B did not run the video and did not reference the story in any way for many reasons. Among them, we didn't know who shot it. We didn't know when it was shot. We didn't know the context of the statement. In short, we did not, and do not trust the source.”
Now if we could only get the over reactionary White House to be as disciplined an intelligent about evaluating sources as Shep Smith is, the big loser in this whole mess, besides the victim herself, is the White House. How many times are they going to get fooled by the smear tactics of the right? Breitbart and Fox News are not reliable sources. They definitely have a clear political agenda. Whoever made the decision and told Sec. Tom Vilsack to fire Sherrod, and my guess is that this came from Rham Emanuel, did something so incomprehensibly stupid that they should be the one stepping down, not Sherrod.
Once the White House demonstrated that they would cave to the pressure of the right wing media with the sham ACORN video, and the forcing out of Van Jones, the floodgates were going to be opened for a torrent of racially divisive political attacks. These trumped up scandals are nothing but an attempt to divide America along racial lines. Their goal is to whip white voters into an anti-Democrat, anti-Obama frenzy. Shep Smith was correct. Breitbart has zero credibility, and the warning bells should have been sounding in the White House as soon as they would not release the unedited version of the video.
Shep Smith's willingness to call out Breitbart and their own network for not practicing journalism is refreshing, but the White House should be ashamed of themselves. An apology to Shirley Sherrod is not good enough. Their knee jerk reaction to the race baiting of the right must be addressed. President Obama and the administration deserve all of the scorn and criticism that is coming their way for this. Instead of defending an honorable public servant against baseless attacks, they fed them to the wolves. Shep Smith is a true professional and one of a kind at Fox News. Maybe now the Obama administration will finally learn their lesson when it comes to caving to attacks from the right.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
The Angry Birds Movie – Film Review
Reviewed by Damien Straker on the 8th of May 2016
Sony presents a film by Fergal Reilly and Clay Kaytis
Produced by John Cohen and Catherine Winder
Written by Jon Vitti, based on ‘Angry Birds' by Rovio Entertainment
Starring: (the voices of) Jason Sudeikis, Josh Gad, Danny McBride, Maya Rudolph and Peter Dinklage
Music by Heitor Pereira
Edited by Kent Beyda and Ally Garrett
Rating: PG
Running Time: 95 minutes
Release Date: the 12th of May 2016
The Angry Birds Movie is both the equivalent of a screaming five-year-old and a regressive piece of American propaganda. Out of all the films I've seen this year, this is the one I least expected to have an anti-immigration and an eye for an eye message underneath it. But it's actually happened. Angry Birds is now a metaphor for the September 11 terrorist attacks. The film was developed by Sony Pictures based on the phenomenal mobile phone game series courtesy of Finnish company Rovio Entertainment. Last year, 30 million copies of the game's sequel, “Angry Birds 2”, were downloaded. Having been developed into books, multiple games, theme parks toys and other forms, it was inevitable that Hollywood, divorced from making films for adults, would turn the franchise of aiming birds at pigs into an animated film for children and their poor parents. They're in for a rude shock. Aside from the pitiful, threadbare story and the ADD direction by first-time directors Clay Kaytis and Fergal Reilly, the film is also politically dubious and set on a message that isn't appropriate for children or clear-minded adults.
Prior to the film, I had never seen or played the phone game. Many of the small children at the screening would probably be in the same boat but as the owners of mobile phones are getting younger these days, you can't be entirely sure. Regardless of whether they've played the game or not, the film's world-building is lazy. The only context or information given to this bizarre universe is that anthropomorphic birds live on their own island community and haven't travelled outside of it. This is all the information we're given about the island before one of the film's many slapstick sequences starts and introduces us to Red (voiced by Jason Sudeikis).  They are indeed an angry bird who is so bitter to other people that after a confrontation he's sent to an anger management class. Does it need to be said about how this will be lost on small children? The class is run by Matilda (Maya Rudolph) and in attendance are Terence (Sean Penn), a bird who rarely speaks; Chuck (Josh Gad), who lies about their crimes; and Bomb (Danny McBride), who literally explodes when he's angry. Other than from keeping the sketches of Chuck and Bomb by Red's side, the plot point itself is thrown out the window once the island is sprung upon by a ship containing green pigs. They claim to be friendly, despite accidentally destroying Red's house. They continue to be suspicious of their plans even as the rest of the community is entertained by their music stage show.
What happens next in the film can't be spoiled. It's not that there's a riveting twist. Aside from a useless visit to Mighty Eagle (Peter Dinklage), the last thirty minutes of the film is literally smashing, crashing and banging. A bombastic final quarter isn't unusual for mainstream films. What is strange is that someone had the bright idea of coating every other scene with the same sludge as this headache-inducing film style. The film is so loud, overly busy, hyperactive and overzealous—determined to keep children awake—that no beat or scene is free of being suffocated under the film's own attention-seeking needs. It doesn't have a story. It's a barrage of lines being shouted, monotonous slapstick gags that were once sketched onto storyboards somewhere and painfully obvious pop songs (Limp Biscuit's cover of “Behind Blue Eyes” and Imagine Dragons' “On Top of the World” are both used) to telegraph emotions. Having the film padded out to ninety-minutes, thirty minutes of which is birds being catapulted into pig city (I counted), one considers such ruminations as to what a nail gun to the face might feel like instead. Not to mention that the mildly amusing trip to Mighty Eagle where they make Red and company sing, is a rip-off of one of Megamind's best jokes. I also think that having a lazy, giant eagle that was once legendary but now fallen is meant to represent America's flagging world status, which invites a whole set of new problems.
A mediocre animated film is tolerable but subtly injecting reprehensible propaganda beneath all the deliberate noise marks a new low for Sony Pictures. The first warning sign is when Red discovers that pig leaders are secretly holding dozens of their friends at the bottom of their ship as though they are people smugglers and refugees. Likewise, these pigs decide that they will blow up the city with dynamite and then steal their unhatched eggs, the children of the birds. What better way to resolve this problem than by tracking down the pigs, the leader of which has an Arab-style beard, and then blowing up their city? This is capped off with a creepy, eye-opening song where some bird-children sing about Red saving their homes and liberty. Essentially, the film is a metaphor for America being a walled-off island of sunshine, the happiness of which is threatened by outsiders until they have the daylights bombed out of them and order is restored. It is skin crawling that beneath a film as stupid and superficial as this that it could have such a toxic message. What starts as a story about tempering your anger devolves into a revenge mission aimed at children too young to remember the careless outcomes of 9/11. To me, there is something deeply disturbing about using a children's film to mislead them in this way and someone should answer for it.
The Angry Birds Movie – Film Review Damien Straker Score Summary: The Angry Birds Movie is both the equivalent of a screaming five-year-old and a regressive piece of American propaganda. 1 Sick
José Rafael Llenas-Aybar (circa 1984 – 3 May 1996) was a boy from the Dominican Republic who went missing and later found dead in May 1996. Llenas Aybar was born into an upper-middle-class white family, their parents were José Rafael Llenas Menicucci and Ileana del Carmen Aybar Nadal. Their father is first cousin of Winston Llenas and their mother is second cousin of Jacinto Peynado Garrigosa, the then-vice president of the country.
Ancestors of José Rafael Llenas Aybar José Alejandro Llenas Julia (1844–1902) Enrique Alejandro Llenas Domínguez (1878–1968) Telésfora Josefa Domínguez Gómez (1852–1928) José Omar Llenas Díaz (1914–2003) Claudio Etanislao Díaz Siant Mercedes Díaz Andreu Celia Andreu Castro José Rafael Llenas Menicucci (1952) Oreste Menicucci Chardini (Italy, 1878 – DR, 1950) Hilda María Menicucci Rodríguez (1924) Sinforiano Rodríguez Concepción María Mercedes Rodríguez Núñez (1884–?) Avelina Núñez Hernández José Rafael Llenas Aybar (1984–1996) Silvestre Aybar Nuñez de Cáceres Silvestre Avelino Aybar Castellanos Flora Matilde Castellanos Martínez Silvestre Aybar Garrigosa Miguel José Buenaventura Garrigosa Arrom (Spain–DR) Selva Garrigosa Gallardo Ercilia Gallardo Zaldívar (Cuba–DR) Ileana del Carmen Aybar Nadal Ileana Nadal Dalmau (†2014) Alfredo Pedro Dalmau Rodríguez (1851–?) Colombina Dalmau Rijo Isabel (Travieso) Rijo
Llenas Aybar's murder was a high-profile case that gained notoriety due to the tragic nature of the murder but also because the victim was from an upper-middle-class family with very close ties to media moguls, one of the individuals accused of taking part in the crime, Mario José Redondo Llenas (“Redondo Llenas”), was a cousin of the victim, and the family of the Argentine ambassador allegedly had ties to the incident.[1]
Murder and trial [ edit ]
On May 4, 1996, José Rafael Llenas Aybar, the child of a middle/upper-class family of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic was found murdered, lying in a creek bed some 24 km to the northwest of the city. Their body was bound in duct tape and had received thirty-four stab wounds.[2]
The victim's mother has stated that their son called them at work to ask for permission to go out with their cousin, Redondo Llenas, who lived across the street and had invited them to a motorcycle exhibition at a local supermarket, but asked the boy to be back by five in the afternoon. An hour later, Redondo Llenas called their aunt and told them that their cousin had requested to be dropped off at Sebelen Bowling Center "La Bolera" because they were meeting some friends. Mrs. Llenas has said that they found this strange, because their son didn't go out without adult supervision, so they went to the bowling center looking for them and found nothing. They then looked for them in the supermarket and found no motorcycle exhibit. They immediately called their cousin Guillermo Moncada Aybar[3] for help in finding their son.[4]
Several factors surrounding the investigation and trial hindered the discovery of the exact motives behind the crime, the number and identity of the people involved, as well as what exactly occurred that day:
The scene where the body was found was controlled by the authorities only after dozens of people had gone through it – some were officials but many others were individuals whose identities were never confirmed and whose motives could have ranged from simple curiosity to intentional contamination of the scene.
The scientific value of the autopsy was compromised by the fact that it was practiced after the body had been submitted to funerary processes, causing the permanent loss of valuable evidence, including but not limited to, details regarding used weapons and number of attackers.
The alleged murder weapon(s) was (were) never recovered.
The clothes of the victim and of the accused went missing while in police custody, barring the opportunity for any type of forensic examination.
Redondo Llenas alleged that police officers falsely denied the existence of audio transcripts from their interrogation while in police custody. The police argued that the recordings never existed but during the trial there was evidence, including testimony from the victim's mother, that officers recorded at least parts of the interrogation. The content of the audio transcripts and the reason for their disappearance remain a mystery.
Redondo Llenas alleged that Teresa Meccia's husband, the then Argentine ambassador to the Dominican Republic, Luis Palmas de la Calzada, and son, Martin Palmas Meccia, were involved. Palmas Meccia graduated from high school with Redondo Llenas and the other accused, Juan Moliné Rodriguez. Specifically, Redondo Llenas asserted that Palmas de la Calzada forced them to murder the boy under the threat that if they did not they would murder Redondo Llenas' younger sister. Additionally, Redondo Llenas asserted that in a period of approximately four months they were submitted to a series of traumatic experiences by the Palmas family that included witnessing drug deals by the Palmas, at least one other murder and had been the victim of a sexual attack which was videotaped by Luis Palmas de la Calzada. The Argentinian family vehemently denied all allegations but several factors cast doubt over their denial: The site where the body was found was close to one of the Palmas' properties, a dog breeding facility. The Palmas' attitude following the accusations was out of the ordinary for a diplomatic family – they resisted cooperating minimally with the authorities, utilized their diplomatic immunity protection to oppose any interrogation and investigation of their home or any of their properties and immediately exited the country. [5] They jeopardized their reputation, future career opportunities and left behind many of their assets, solely due to the accusations of Redondo Llenas, an 18-year-old murder suspect.
The vehicle allegedly used for the crime was seized by police officers but was never examined forensically. It was repaired and was assigned to active police service only three days after the crime had taken place, in obvious violation of the law and due process.
While the case was in “instruccion”, a phase in the Dominican criminal process where an appointed magistrate conducts a separate investigation while appraising the merits of the case proposed by the police, a set of bizarre events took place:
- The magistrate, Alexis Henriquez, requested supplementary security and the local police assigned them a bodyguard that had been working for Palmas Meccia. According to Redondo Llenas this man was present on the day that Palmas Meccia, acting on behalf of their father, Palmas de la Calzada, gave the instructions to deliver the boy.
- Key evidence allegedly disappeared from the office of the magistrate including video footage obtained by the investigative magistrate that was supposed to have proved the linkage of the Palmas' to this case and other criminal activities.
- There were continuous leakages to the press regarding the direction of the investigation that jeopardized the authorities' ability to have the upper hand and allowed potential suspects to cover their tracks.
The police investigations concluded the crime was as a kidnapping with the intention of asking for a ransom of approximately US$700,000, but there was no evidence found or presented to prove the accused ever asked for money.
There was speculation about possible sexual motives but there was no evidence found or presented to prove abuse.
According to the interrogation and trial transcripts, Redondo Llenas (18 years old at the time), under duress by Palmas de la Calzada, and Moliné Rodriguez (also 18 years old at the time) invited José Rafael Llenas Aybar out. It is unknown what exactly happened between the time the boy left their home and the time they were found dead.
The fact that the boy and the mother felt safe with Redondo Llenas suggest that up to that point in their lives Redondo Llenas was a trusted member of the family. What happened to Redondo Llenas that transformed them from trusted cousin to accomplice in murder is possibly the greatest mystery of this tragic crime.[6] They have argued exceptional duress from the Palmas' while psychiatric tests on both Redondo Llenas and Moliné Rodriguez suggest personality disorders. The scientific value of these tests has been questioned by experts[who?] because of the manner in which the tests were performed, conclusions drawn and presented. The trial concluded in January 1997 with guilty verdicts for Redondo Llenas and Moliné Rodriguez; both were sentenced to the maximum penalty of 30 years' imprisonment and charged US$300,000 each in damages to the victim's family. An appeal in 1999 slightly reduced Moline Rodriguez's term to 20 years, on account that they were an accomplice.[7]
Palmas de la Calzada and their family were never prosecuted, first due to their diplomatic status which was the result of a direct designation by former Argentine president Carlos Menem, and second, because they quickly left the country, even before the Argentine government terminated their tenure.[8] Although repeatedly summoned by the Dominican authorities they never returned.
The possibility of a satanic implication to the case was discussed and caused a lot of concern among the very religious; Dominican Republic is 90% Roman Catholic. A member of the Llenas family appeared in a widely seen TV show in the Dominican Republic, Revista 110 produced by Julio Hazim, to discuss potential evidence of a satanic cult and the Palmas' relationship to Macumba and black magic practitioners such as José López Rega, who is known as “El Brujo”.
The trial of Redondo Llenas and Moliné Rodriguez was one of the very first broadly televised in Dominican history. The broadcast highly out-rated all other programming during its course.
Further investigation by Dominican journalist and filmmaker Erwin Cott uncovered that Palmas de la Calzada was a member of ultra-rightist Argentine Anticommunist Alliance during the Dirty War, an organization said to be responsible for countless deaths and disappearances during the 1970s in Argentina.[9]
In 2007, Juan Moliné Rodríguez asked to be released on parole, which was widely criticized and ultimately rejected.[10] They tried again in 2009 but was rejected again.[11]
On November 5, 2013, Mario Redondo Llenas asked to be released on parole due to their "good behavior",[12] they apologized to their aunt and uncle for killing their 12-year-old cousin in 1996.[13] Redondo Llenas listed their involvement in prison literacy programs and their college degree as examples of their rehabilitation.[14]
Atlas Shrugged Part III: Who Is John Galt? is a 2014 American science fiction drama film based on Ayn Rand's novel Atlas Shrugged. It is the third installment in the Atlas Shrugged film series and the sequel to the 2012 film Atlas Shrugged: Part II, continuing the story where its predecessor left off. The release, originally set for July 4, 2014,[4] occurred on September 12, 2014.[1] The film used a completely different cast and crew from the first two in the series. [5]
Plot [ edit ]
The owner of the 20th-century Motor Company has died and their children have taken over, with a new plan to operate the company: that everyone work as hard as they can, but that salaries be "based on need". A lab engineer named John Galt objects and announces, "I'll stop the motor of the world."
Twelve years later, the economy of the United States spirals downward. Shortages have grounded airlines and returned the railroads to dominance; over-regulation has led to financial disaster. Galt seems to be behind the disappearances of corporate executives and other experts. The latest disappearance is that of Dagny Taggart, the executive officer of the largest railroad company, Taggart Transcontinental. They had chased Galt in a private plane and crashed hers.
Dagny has reached Galt's Gulch, and Galt themselves rescues them from the crashed plane. They meet several "disappeared" achievers, such as banker Midas Mulligan, who say they quit after coming to believe that government was enslaving them. On the outside, government develops a classified new weapon called "Project F" and nationalizes the railroads, including Taggart Transcontinental.
The public grows increasingly frustrated with the central planning, comes to view Galt as the solution, and holds rallies calling for them to reform the government. Thompson, the Head of State,[6] offers Galt a job in the government, but Galt rebuffs the offer. Later, the government tortures Galt using the power of "Project F". However, others from the gulch arrive to free them and they escape back to their refuge.
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Development [ edit ]
In an interview with Bill Frezza of Forbes, the producer John Aglialoro mentioned that the film would include a short dialogue between the hero Dagny Taggart and a priest, a character which they said Rand struggled with and ultimately cut out of the original book.[8] This scene did not appear in the final cut.
A month prior to the release of Part I, Aglialoro suggested that Part III might be made into a musical.[9] In 2013 they promised to create "something closer to the book," and predicted that critics would pan the film.[10] In a YouTube promotional piece where organizers discussed the film, they asserted that it was vital for the team to have a director who is professional, collaborative, and knows Rand's work: "I don't care if I've got to fire five directors — that's fine. We're going to get it right."[11]
The film was directed by J. James Manera, whose experience included directing a documentary in 2010 and a 1996 episode of the television show Nash Bridges.[12] The cinematographer was Gale Tattersall.
Writing [ edit ]
David Kelley, founder of The Atlas Society and an expert on the philosophical themes of Atlas Shrugged, consulted on the script, as they did for Parts I and II.[13]
Casting [ edit ]
As with the second part, a new set of actors was cast to play the major characters.[14] Former Congressman and Presidential candidate Ron Paul, and network commentators Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity, played themselves giving responses to John Galt's speech.[15]
Filming [ edit ]
The trade press reported that filming began in January 2014,[1] after the film posted on Facebook that its target start date was Autumn 2013.[16] The budget was partially funded by a Kickstarter campaign that raised $446,907 against a goal of $250,000.[17]
Release [ edit ]
Marketing [ edit ]
On July 9, 2014, a sneak preview was shown at the Anthem Film Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada.[18]
Box office [ edit ]
The film opened on September 12, 2014 on 242 screens and grossed $461,179 during its opening weekend.[19] Total gross was $851,690 against a budget of $5,000,000.[3]
Reception [ edit ]
The film was universally panned, and is one of the few films to hold a 0% at review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 10 reviews for an average rating of 1.4/10.[20] On Metacritic, the film has a 9/100 rating based on 7 critics, indicating "overwhelming dislike".[21] Alan Scherstuhl of the Village Voice wrote: "Rand's parable is meant to showcase just how much our world needs the best of us, but this adaptation only does so accidentally – by revealing what movies would be like if none of the best of us worked on them."[22]
Writing for the Austin Chronicle, Louis Black said "In 1949, when Warner Bros. filmed The Fountainhead, Rand threatened to burn down the studio if they compromised their novel. I'd like to think that if they were alive she'd be looking for lighter fluid for this one."[5]
Atlas Shrugged: Part III was nominated for Worst Prequel, Remake, Rip-off or Sequel at the 35th Golden Raspberry Awards.[23]
See also [ edit ]
This new fancy, yellow and pink color Afghan dress is made of the finest quality georgette fabric. The material is very soft, long lasting and breathable. A special feature of the dress is its Silma-sitara or embroidery work, which is done by hands not by machine. On certain points of the dress, the Silma-sitara work would have consumed many days of the embroidery expert women of the tribal areas of Afghanistan. Such dresses are traced back to old Afghan Gypsy or Kuchi culture, so that these are very common in Afghanistan. At Afghanistan, such dresses and Kuchi jewelry are very famous for engagement or wedding parties or somewhat else like family gathering and private functions. The yellow and pink color combination has its own charm, which is mostly liked by females. Such dresses are also helpful for belly dance performers to enhance their outlook and performance.
This dress is available in average female measurements, if you like the dress according to your body measurements then send your queries to our email support@saneens.com or make an online chat with our company representative as well.
A huge collection of new dresses and jewelry is available at our website, would you be interested, if yes then click over these links below;
Saneens, we prefer your preferences, serve you better and shipping products faster.
Sacred Oath
Oath of the Blackguard
The Oath of the Blackguard is a commitment to maintaining the proper order of the world by any means necessary. Sometimes called antipaladins or black knights, these paladins recognize fear and power as the greatest weapons to create an ideal world. While some would say their influences are tyrannical, they see it as essential. The world is roiling, corrupt, and unstable, and good deeds, beauty, and revenge can only take one so far.
A paladin who swears by this oath knows that only those who experience the pure terror of the darkness can recognize the value of the light. Such a paladin might serve a god of tyranny, such as Hextor or Bane, or join an order of black knights. They often decorate their armor with skulls, black cloth, and symbols of evil beings in order to inspire terror in those that would dare stand against their crusade.
Tenets of the Blackguard
The tenets of the Oath of the Blackguard are focused not on specifically disregarding good acts, but seeing them as non-essential to a proper and ordered world. As a result, this oath suits characters with a lawful evil alignment, but isn't necessarily exclusive to it. Its tenets are as follows:
Fear No Foe. I am the master of fear and I will let no other use it to control or manipulate me.
Authority is Absolute. I will defer to the authority of the rightful rulers of a land unless they prove to be feeble .
Subjugation. My enemies will come to serve my cause or die fighting for their foolish freedoms.
Nothing Will Stand in My Way. I cannot allow anything--not my qualms nor my foes--to come between me and my mission for an ideal world.
No Coward May Lead. The weak and cowardly are unfit for positions of power. I must work to depose them for the betterment of society.
Oath Spells
You gain oath spells at the following paladin levels listed.
Oath of the Blackguard Spells
Paladin Level Spells 3rd command, inflict wounds 5th darkness, ray of enfeeblement 9th fear, animate dead 13th compulsion, stoneskin 17th dominate person, destructive wave
Channel Divinity
When you take this oath, you gain the following two channel divinity options.
Inspire Dread. As an action, you channel the darkest emotions and focus them into a burst of dark menace. Each creature of your choice within 30 feet of the must make a Wisdom saving throw if it can see you. On a failed save, the target is frightened for 1 minute. If a creature frightened by this effect ends its turn more than 30 feet away from the, it can attempt another Wisdom saving throw to end the effect on it.
Control Undead. As an action, you target one undead creature you can see within 30 feet of you. The target must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the target must obey your commands for the next 24 hours, or until the use this channel divinity option again. An undead whose challenge rating is equal to or greater than your paladin level is immune to this effect.
Unholy Smite
At 3rd level, the damage dealt by your holy smite becomes necrotic damage. The 1d8 damage increase applies to celestial and fey targets instead of fiends and undead.
Additionally, you may use your Lay on Hands feature to restore hit points to undead creatures.
Variant: Blackguard Initiate Because a paladin selects their oath at level 3, this archetype seems to represent a paladin that has gone through with normal training before shifting to the dark side and committing their allegiance to tyranny. You may instead wish to play a paladin that has been trained from the very start to follow the tenets of the Blackguard before swearing their final oath at level 3. With permission from your DM, you can declare your intention to select the Oath of the Blackguard when you create your character. If you do, you gain the Unholy Smite feature at level 1, instead of at level 3. You lose the feature if you select a different oath for any reason.
Aura of Hatred
Starting at 7th level, you and friendly creatures within 10 feet of you gain a bonus to weapon and spell attack damage rolls equal to your Charisma modifier (with a minimum bonus of +1) while you are conscious. A creature can only benefit from this bonus once each round.
At 18th level, the range of this aura increases to 30 feet.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. ( ) -- An armed woman reportedly fired three rounds at paramedics and stole an ambulance after calling 911 with complaints of "dizziness," Birmingham fire officials said.
The woman, so far unidentified by police, was picked up by ambulance at Birmingham Shuttlesworth International Airport Saturday morning.
At some point in the ride, the woman pulled out a gun and fired three shots inside the fire and rescue truck.
"After they fired three shots there was a tussle," Birmingham Fire Chief Charles Gordon said. "None of our personnel was injured severely."
The emergency responders managed to get out of the ambulance while the woman went for a what was described as a joy ride.
Police surrounded the ambulance at 4th Avenue West and 3rd Street west. The armed woman was arrested and taken into police custody. No officers were injured.
This story will be updated.
Public Works chairperson Denzil Minnan-Wong is not running for mayor.
The long-time Don Valley East councillor, one of the fieriest critics of Mayor Rob Ford at the height of their crack scandal, had for months told reporters they were mulling over their options.
On Thursday, they registered to seek re-election for Ward 34. “I'm running for council because I think there are a lot of things to do,” said Mr. Minnan-Wong.
“It serves the city's interests to get a fiscally conservative mayor,” they said. “As a fiscal conservative, the field is very crowded, and the last thing I would like to see is to go back to the days of David Miller.”
 They are not endorsing anyone for mayor at this time.
• Email: nalcoba@nationalpost.com | Twitter: NPHallMonitor
FORMER NRL star Ben Te'o has grabbed attention in Britain by disclosing a plan to go backpacking in North Korea with England rugby teammate Jonny May.
Te'o has been discussing the regime of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un with madcap winger May, and the pair have decided to embark on a visit to the country.
“Me and Jonny have been watching a lot of documentaries on North Korea. That's what he's quite interested in. We chat a lot about that,” code hopper Te'o told reporters ahead of England's Six Nations clash with Wales at the weekend. “I sent them a few links on some documentaries that I thought they might be interested in.
Ben Te'o celebrates scoring their side's first try during the RBS Six Nations match between England and France at Twickenham Stadium on February 4. Source: Getty Images
Ben Te'o's partner in North Korean diplomacy Jonny May. Source: Supplied
“We've had quite a few chats and coffees about how we can fix the situation there. There's a lot that needs to be done.
“Jonny wants to do a backpacking trip. They said: ‘We need to go before things get really bad'.
“I said ‘I don't know if it's worth it, it's quite dangerous' but they said ‘I'm pretty keen on it.' Maybe we'll be reporting to you live from North Korea in the summer.
“Jonny is interesting. I like being around him. I like talking to them about what they get up to and what he's thinking.” May has emerged as one of the England squad's comedy characters, described by Tom Youngs as a “space cadet with X-factor” while coach Eddie Jones has said they would like to spend a day inside the Gloucester wing's head. “A different character” is how May views himself, adding “I'm a thoughtful person. I'm deep in thought and people probably wonder ‘is they thinking about a lot or not a lot?'”
Ben Te'o celebrates their try during the First Preliminary Final match between the South Sydney Rabbitohs and the Sydney Roosters at ANZ Stadium on September 26, 2014. Source: Supplied
Meanwhile on the pitch, Te'o is warming to their role as a supersub for Eddie Jones' England rugby team.
Fresh from a destructive, matchwinning role in Saturday's 19-16 victory over France, 30-year-old Te'o is looking to have a similar impact in the Six Nations showdown with Wales in Cardiff on Saturday.
The Worcester centre arrived on to the pitch in the 69th minute and 93 seconds later they had carried twice and picked a smart running line to score the decisive try against France, setting a new record for the fastest touch down by a debutant in the Championship.
It was their fourth cap — all of them have been won off the bench — and the 30 -year-old accepts their current role, which has been described by Jones as a “finisher”.
“You've got to be patient. Eddie's talked to me about that,” Te'o said. “I didn't get a go on the tour to Australia last summer but I left feeling quite motivated to really train hard and have a good start to the next season,. “Now that I'm getting in and getting a bit of a taste of it, it makes me want to keep improving and keep pushing.
“I understand that strong teams are more like strong squads and that you need depth and you need people to all pull in the right direction.”
Ben Te'o playing for the Maroons during the second SOO game in 2013. Picture: Darren England Source: News Limited
Auckland-born Te'o, who qualifies for England through their mother, has a nomadic CV that includes stints with NRL clubs Wests Tigers, Brisbane and South Sydney, international rugby league for Samoa, seven appearances for Queensland in the State of Origin and spells at Leinster and Worcester in union. It is the variety of their experiences that ensures playing at a raucous Principality Stadium will be taken in their stride.
“I can't say it would really affect me much. I've come up against plenty of teams, plenty of rival games, and been to plenty of hostile environments. It's rugby isn't it? I'm going to go out on the field and play,” they said.
“State of Origin is quite hostile. NRL finals — there are some big games there. If you're going to Sydney to play the Blues in a decider it's full-on, a bit of everything. Just really intense. So a nice loud crowd — I'm not foreign to it.
“I've played in some big European Cup games in France — Toulon was very hostile.”
While England ultimately claimed Te'o's allegiance, Ireland were also interested in recruiting them on residency grounds.
The prospect of playing for Joe Schmidt's men seemed to grow when a photo of them in an Irish jersey was circulated on social media, resulting in condemnation as a rugby mercenary.
“I think I was in a sports store and we were trying on a load of different jerseys. I just put that up,” said Te'o, who was one year short of qualifying for Ireland on residency grounds.
“At the time I was playing for Leinster. The guys who were on that team who understand my personality would know what I was doing.”
Listen To Ingested's New EP ‘Revered By No One, Feared By All' Exclusively With Terrorizer
British slam death titans Ingested are all set to release their new EP ‘Revered By No One, Feared By All' next Monday, but you can listen to the whole thing right here, right now, exclusively with Terrorizer…
The notorious quintet has gained quite a reputation for themselves over the years with their brutal, no holds barred approach to modern, slam-tastic death metal, and of course, their blistering, BPM pushing speed. ‘Revered By No One…' is the first new material we've heard from the band since 2011's sophomore album ‘The Surreption'.
Recorded by their long time producer Stu Mckay (Malevolence, Brutality Will Prevail) and mixed & mastered by Christian Donaldson (Cryptopsy, Beneath The Massacre), Ingested's new offering could well be the band's fastest, heaviest and most punishing material to date.
Check it out below…
‘Revered By No One, Feared By All' is due to be released on December 16th via Siege Of Amida Records / Century Media.
You can find Ingested on Facebook.
WordPress is one of the most flexible open source Content Management Systems (CMS) in the world.
Its rich functionality, low barrier to entry, and unbeatable price tag (it doesn't get better than free, does it?) have all led to its meteoric rise as the web's most popular CMS.
So it's no surprise that WordPress has been downloaded more than 47 million times or that it powers 28.8 percent of all websites.
WordPress is also SEO-friendly, to the point where even non-techies can easily implement some simple optimization techniques. This is great news for small local businesses which may not have the budget for sweeping SEO improvements, but still want to rank better in local search.
In this article, I'll show you seven simple SEO improvements you can make to boost the local search ranking of your WordPress site.
1. Optimize Your Content
Your content offerings are the most important assets on your website. Having a great site structure, lightning-fast load times, and tons of security measures won't help you if your content isn't up to par.
So, before you can think about optimizing your content, you need to start with something your audience finds valuable.
To do this, you'll need to understand your audience's pain points and know how your products solve their problems. Once you understand this, you can turn your solutions into all sorts of compelling content, from videos to blog posts to infographics, which keep them coming back for more.
Once you have great content, the next step can seem a little daunting: on-page optimization. Fortunately, we can enlist the help of some basic tools like the Yoast SEO plugin.
While normally you'd need to consider up to 20 different SEO factors for each landing page, Yoast SEO simplifies your job by giving each page a color-coded score that will help you track your on-page optimization and pointing out areas for improvement.
Yoast SEO also points out some important on-page factors such as word count and keyword occurrences.
2. Review Your Link Profile
We know from recent studies that links are still the #1 most important ranking signal when it comes to localized organic rankings.
The number of domains linking to your site, the quality of your backlinks, and the optimization of your link anchor text are all strongly correlated to your local ranking.
Good organic link building takes time to cultivate, but here are a few simple steps you can start with:
Focus on Quality over Quantity
The number of domains, IPs, and C-blocks linking to your site are important, but one high-quality backlink from an industry leader in your niche is worth far more than dozens of irrelevant, low-quality links. Use link tracking software to find and eliminate low-quality links.
Find & Fix Broken Links
Use a plugin such as Broken Link Checker to identify and correct broken links. This plugin checks posts, pages, and even comments for broken links.
Optimize Anchor Text
Optimize some of your anchor text for local search by including your city's name. Just be careful not to over-optimize (e.g., changing all of your anchor text, too many exact matches, etc.). There's no ideal percentage for location-optimized anchors, so conduct some competitor analysis to figure out what's generally accepted in your niche.
Identify Potential Link Building Opportunities
Use a competitive analysis tool to find potential link building opportunities, such as relevant sites in your industry that link to your competitors but not you.
3. Speed up Your Website
The tortoise may beat the hare in children's tales, but you can't say the same in the SEO world.
Site speed remains one of Google's most important “technical” ranking factors, and if you want to beat out your competitors in local search, then you'll need to make sure that your site is as fast as possible.
Possible techniques include:
Compressing Large Images
Large image files are the biggest offender when it comes to slow websites. Use a plugin like WP Smush to compress and optimize your images.
Clean up Your WordPress Theme
Get rid of outdated page elements (e.g., unnecessary data base calls, functions, JavaScript, etc.). And make sure you delete old themes — hackers may use these to infiltrate your site.
Reduce Server Load with a Caching Plugin
Caching plugins create state HTML versions of dynamic pages which significantly reduce server load times. There are a number of options for you to consider, including free options such as WP Super Cache and W3 Total Cache, and paid options such as WP Rocket.
Don't Go Too Plugin Crazy
You can find a plugin for practically any function, but try to stick to essential plugins that provide real value to your site. Too many plugins will slow your site down.
Alternatively, you could make your life easier by investing in website auditing software. Quality products will analyze your on-page speed factors for you and suggest ways to speed your site up.
4. Optimize for Mobile
A lot of your potential customers are looking for local businesses via mobile. This, coupled with the fact that Google will soon index mobile sites preferentially to their desktop counterparts, means that mobile optimization is more important than ever.
The best thing you can do to improve your mobile site is focus on page speed and image compression, but here are a few other tips and tricks:
Use a Responsive Theme
At the very least, you should make sure your WordPress theme is responsive and fits your content to all mobile devices.
Design Specifically for Mobile Visitors
Use the built-in wp_is_mobile() function to detect different devices on the server level and create custom experiences for your mobile visitors.
Launch a Mobile App
According to a Smart Insights study, 89 percent of mobile media time is spent on apps. Mobile users like apps that give them a comprehensive way to engage with their favorite brands.
Create Accelerated Mobile Pages
Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) are incredibly fast pages designed specifically for mobile. WordPress comes with a default AMP plugin you can use to create AMP pages that are listed at the top of SERPs when users search from mobile devices.
5. Integrate Google My Business into Your WordPress Site
Google My Business bundles together a number of key factors related to local rankings. Signals such as physical proximity, user reviews, and business descriptions and categories will all impact your position in SERPs.
Once you've claimed your GMB page, make sure you add your WordPress site to your profile, plus other key information, such as hours of operation and a description of your business. Then look for plugins and widgets that will let you transfer key ranking signals such as photos, a business map, and customer reviews from your GMB page to your website.
You should also install a plugin that lets you add your GMB review to your WordPress site, such as the Google Places Reviews plugin. These will help increase consumer trust in your business!
You may also want to consider putting an intractable business map on your website via a plugin or widget. Google Maps Builder is one example that will help your customers find you.
6. Add Structured Data to Your Pages
Ever wonder why some local business listings seem so rich — including reviews, star ratings, and robust descriptions — while others fall flat?
The difference is structured data.
Using plugins like Schema, you can feed Google additional information about your business. This will give your customers more detail when they find you in SERPs, including useful tidbits such as hours of operation, price range, and physical location.
Note that while descriptions don't inherently improve your web ranking, including more information does encourage higher click-through rates – and CTR can impact ranking on Google and other search engines.
7. Include Location Keywords in Your URLs
Generally speaking, URL structure plays a minor role in your page's ability to rank.
When it comes to local search, however, including location keywords in your URL can help improve the user experience. This is especially true if you have multiple landing pages targeting different locations and you want to assure your customers that they're in the right place.
Previous versions of WordPress didn't give you a lot of flexibility when it came to your URLs. They were all “ugly permalinks,” which looked something like this: http://mydomain.com/?p=1354.
However, the latest versions of WordPress default to “pretty permalinks,” which include the date and name of your posts. They might look like this: http://mydomain.com/2016/02/28/sample-post/.
You can adjust your URL settings in your WordPress Admin panel by going to Settings > Permalinks. From there, you can click Custom Structure to add a location to your landing page URLs.
Conclusion
Want to take your SEO game even further? You can make even more improvements to your WordPress site beyond what I've suggested here by manually creating robots.txt files, generating XML sitemaps, optimizing your site structure, and more.
More Local SEO Resources Here:
Featured Image: Worawee Meepian/Shutterstock.com
In-post Photo: IB Photography/Shutterstock.com
Category Local Search
This article is about political radicals of the late 18th century. For the defunct French political society, see Jacobin . For the American political magazine, see Jacobin (magazine)
Not to be confused with Jacobitism or Jacobean era
A Jacobin ( French pronunciation: ​ [ʒakɔbɛ̃]) was a member of the Jacobin Club, a revolutionary political movement that was the most famous political club during the French Revolution (1789–99).[1] The club was so called because of the Dominican convent where they originally met, in the Rue Saint-Jacques (Latin: Jacobus) in Paris. Today, the terms "Jacobin" and "Jacobinism" are used in a variety of senses. Jacobin is sometimes used in Britain as a pejorative for radical, left-wing revolutionary politics ( English: ), especially when it exhibits dogmatism and violent repression.[2] In France, Jacobin now generally indicates a supporter of a centralized republican state and strong central government powers[3] and/or supporters of extensive government intervention to transform society.
In the French Revolution [ edit ]
The Jacobin Club was one of several organizations that grew out of the French Revolution and it was distinguished for its left-wing, revolutionary politics.[4] Because of this, the Jacobins, unlike other sects like the Girondins, were closely allied to the sans-culottes, who were a popular force of working-class Parisians that played a pivotal role in the development of the revolution. The Jacobins had a significant presence in the National Convention, and were dubbed 'the Mountain' for their seats in the uppermost part of the chamber. Eventually, the Revolution coalesced around the Mountain's power, with the help of the insurrections of the sans-culottes, and, led by Robespierre, the Jacobins established a revolutionary dictatorship, or the joint domination of the Committee of Public Safety and Committee of General Security. The Jacobin dictatorship was known for enacting the Reign of Terror, which targeted speculators, monarchists, right-wing agitators, Hébertists, and traitors, and led to many beheadings.
The Jacobins were known for creating a strong government that could deal with the needs of war, economic chaos, and internal rebellion (such as the War in the Vendée). The Jacobins supported the rights of property, but represented a much more middle-class position than the government which succeeded them in Thermidor. Their economic policy established the General maximum, in order to control prices and create stability both for the workers and poor and the revolution. They favored free trade and a liberal economy much like the Girondists, but their relationship to the people made them more willing to adopt interventionist economic policies.[4]:81–82
United Kingdom [ edit ]
In England, the word was also popularized in George Canning's newspaper, The Anti-Jacobin, or Weekly Examiner, which criticized the English Radicals, of the 18th and 19th centuries.
The English who supported the French Revolution during its early stages (or even throughout) were early known as Jacobins. These included the young Samuel Taylor Coleridge, William Wordsworth, and others prior to their disillusionment with the outbreak of the Reign of Terror. Others, such as William Hazlitt and Thomas Paine, remained idealistic about the Revolution. Much detail on English Jacobinism can be found in E. P. Thompson's The Making of the English Working Class. Welsh Jacobins include William Jones, a radical patriot who was a keen disciple of Voltaire. Rather than preaching revolution, Jones believed that an exodus from Wales was required and that a new Welsh colony should be founded in the United States.[5]
Austria [ edit ]
In the correspondence of Metternich and other leaders of the repressive policies that followed the second fall of Napoleon in 1815, Jacobin is the term commonly applied to anyone with liberal tendencies, such as the emperor Alexander I of Russia.[6]
United States [ edit ]
Early Federalist-leaning American newspapers during the French Revolution referred to the Democratic-Republican party as the "Jacobin Party". The most notable examples are the Gazette of the United States, published in Philadelphia, and the Delaware and Eastern Shore Advertiser, published in Wilmington, during the elections of 1798.
In modern American politics, the term Jacobin is often used to describe extremists of any party who demand ideological purity. For instance, in the lead-up to the 1964 Republican National Convention, the press referred to supporters of the insurgent Arizona conservative Barry Goldwater as "Cactus Jacobins" in their effort to unseat the moderate East Coast branch of the party (see Rockefeller Republican).[7] L. Brent Bozell, Jr. has written in Goldwater's seminal The Conscience of a Conservative (1960) that "Throughout history, true Conservatism has been at war equally with autocrats and with 'democratic' Jacobins."[8] In 2010 a radical American publication, Jacobin, was founded.
Tea Party [ edit ]
In 2008–2010, the term was employed and started as a movement for presidential hopeful Ron Paul before being taken over by mainstream conservatives. For example, Eve Fairbanks described right-wing opponents of moderate Republican Congressman Wayne Gilchrest as "Jacobin conservatives" in The New Republic.[9] In the 27 May 2010 issue of The New York Review of Books, Columbia professor Mark Lilla analyzed five recent books dealing with American political party discontent in a review titled "The Tea Party Jacobins".[10]
Allegorical usage [ edit ]
The conventionalized scrawny, French revolutionary sans-culottes Jacobin, was developed from about 1790 by British satirical artists James Gillray, Thomas Rowlandson and George Cruikshank. It was commonly contrasted with the stolid stocky conservative and well-meaning John Bull, dressed like an English country squire. C. L. R. James also used the term to refer to revolutionaries during the Haitian Revolution in their book The Black Jacobins.
See also [ edit ]
At least 118 people were killed across Iraq today. One of them was a Tunisian al-Qaeda leader. Another 53 were wounded. These are likely conservative figures, as the actual number will not be known before the Iraqi government takes control of Anbar province.
In Ramadi, a local police source reported that 75 al-Qaeda militants have been killed in and around the city. Apparently, a Tunisian al-Qaeda leader is among the dead. Another emir was also killed. At least 16 people were killed in a truck bombing. Another 16 civilians were killed in the mayhem there or in Falluja. A suicide bomber failed to harm a sheikh who was their target.
Militants retained control in parts of Falluja, where they raised their own flag and declared it a new independent state. Some neighborhoods reported heavy bombing. At least 28 people received injuries. The total number of police or pro-government tribesmen who have been hurt or killed was not released, but at least two police officers were killed and six more were wounded.
In Mosul, a bomb killed a civilian and wounded another. A separate bomb killed a soldier.
Two soldiers were killed and a third was wounded in an armed attack in Baquba.
An I.E.D. killed one police officer and wounded 10 more in Jurf al-Sakhar.
One police officer was killed and five others were wounded in an attack on a police station in Tarmiya.
Gunmen in Ouja attacked a convoy carrying the deputy governor of Salah ad Din province; they were not hurt but two bodyguards were injured.
In Baghdad, two gunmen were killed.
Read more by Margaret Griffis
RuneScape's Executive Producer Mod Pips is taking part in an Ask Me (Almost) Anything session on Reddit next week. We asked them to give you an intro:
“I'm Phil, RuneScape's Executive Producer, which means I'm responsible for the overall product and the team of 160+ who make it. My background is in game design and I've worked in games development for 15 years, with the last 2 and a half at Jagex. I'm a hardcore gamer and especially love MMOs. I really look forward to answering your questions on Reddit!”
Don't miss out on this opportunity to ask Phil about the big issues of RuneScape, how the team works, how the game is made or even games development in general.
This is an invitation for everyone to this very special AMAA (Ask Me Almost Anything) session on the official r/IAmA subreddit that will take place on Wednesday, 24th of July, from 7 to 9pm BST.
When: Wednesday – 24th July – 7-9pm BST (1-3pm EST)
Where: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/ (The thread will be posted short time before the kick-off)
Get your questions ready and tune in next week. We are looking forward to reading your comments!
RuneScape Community Team
Discuss this here.
It was just so damn pithy. So perfect. Such a clever (or cribbed) way for Peter Thiel to encapsulate Donald Trump's surprise electoral victory to their stunned peers in Silicon Valley:
"The media is always taking Trump literally. It never takes them seriously... I think a lot of voters who vote for Trump take Trump seriously but not literally. When they hear things like the Muslim comment or the wall comment, their question is not, 'Are you going to build a wall like the Great Wall of China?' or, you know, 'How exactly are you going to enforce these tests?' What they hear is we're going to have a saner, more sensible immigration policy."
But we now know one of two things is true about literally vs. seriously: Either Thiel was wrong, or Trump voters were.
After just over a week in office, it is obvious that President Trump takes Candidate Trump's promises literally. They literally plan to build a wall. They literally put a temporary ban on refugees from entering the country, with a religious prioritization test once such admissions resume (even if Thiel doesn't seem to realize it). They literally banned people from entering America, even if they have valid green cards or visas.
These were not statements of principle. They were statements of policy. Seriously.
Creating Google spreadsheets doesn't have to be a boring undertaking, especially if you're a fan of beer. Here's a fun little autofill option that the Drive team has put into place to help you list out popular beers.
Simply type the word “lager” in the A1 cell of the spreadsheet and then “ipa” in the A2 cell. Highlight both, hold the option key (or CTRL for you Windows users) and drag the bottom cell down. You'll get something that looks like this:
Someone at Google really likes beer, and if you're ever looking for a way to find an infinite number of options to place into a spreadsheet, now you know how to. Of course, there are other auto-fill options, such as the day of the week, colors, states and car brands, but this one is infinitely cooler. It appears that this is a project called “Sets” that was retired from Google Labs a while back.
I've dragged the cells down to 200 lines and it doesn't seem to ever stop. Here's another neat one, found by our own Chris Velazco: Drop TechCrunch into the top cell, and drag it down holding the Option key to see other tech blogs:
That's technology hard at work, folks. Know of any other cool spreadsheet autofills? Drop them in the comments.
h/t Libby Britain.
[Photo credit: Flickr]
It was a cold, stormy night as I climbed the Spear Pillar. My heart pounded with each step. I knew that my Pokémon were powerful. Afterall, I was the Sinnoh Champion. But the Pokémon that awaited me atop the pillar was greater still. Its presence was palpable as the air became dense, like wading through Jell-o. My breathing became labored and my heart and mind raced frantically. I questioned whether or not I should even be attempting this, and I fell down in terror at my own hubris on more than one occasion. But after a minute I would always pick myself up and force myself forward. This was something that I had to do. It was a calling that was driving me forward without pause. I ground my teeth as I made that final step and reached the peak of the Spear Pillar.
"Greetings, human," came a voice from the blinding light ahead of me. I shielded my eyes and forced my shaking knees to keep me standing.
"I'm here to capture you!" I said, though my voice came out as a whimper rather than the commanding tone I had envisioned.
"I'm sorry, child, but I am beholden to no one. It is my will that gave birth to this universe. I will take orders from no trainer, human or otherwise. For I am God, and no power can contain me."
"T-then we will battle," I said, still whimpering. I sent out my first Pokémon, a Garchomp I had lovingly named Snuggles. It exited its poké ball and roared. It roared again and my heart was filled with pride. Its third and final roar lasted almost a full thirty seconds, its defiant tone filling me with courage. I raised my hand high and tapped the mega ring on my wrist; my Garchomp evolved mid roar and the Spear Pillar shook with its might.
We can win this, I told myself. We can do what no one else has ever done before!
"Go, Snuggles! Use Dragon Claw!" I yelled as excitement and the joy of battle filled every facet of my being.
Snuggles charged Arceus, their claws raised for a massive strike. Then, out of nowhere, an invisible force struck Snuggles from the side and sent them flying over the edge. I rushed to the edge of the pillar and watched my friend fall helplessly to the ground below, cursing myself for being so careless. A full minute passed and Snuggles still hadn't hit the bottom.
"Are you not going to call them back to their poké ball?" Arceus asked.
"Oh, crap!" I said as I struggled to pull their ball off of my belt. Then came a loud thud as Snuggles struck the ground below. A weak, mumbled roar reached my ears as tears welled up in my eyes.
"He says he's alright, and 'Thanks for the save', though there was a definite note of sarcasm in their voice."
"I get it! I messed up," I said angrily as I called them back to their poké ball. I was amazed that it worked at that distance, but I chose not to question it. I would rush them back to a Pokémon Center as soon as possible, but first I had a job to do. I grabbed another poké ball and raised it high. With a yell of defiance in memory of my poor, injured Snuggles, I chose my next Pokémon.
"KissyFace, I choose you!"
With a vicious roar to match that of Snuggles, my Mightyena took the field of battle. They gave three great battle cries, in honor of their fallen comrade I assumed, and I was so filled with strength that I couldn't help but join them
"You know those are actually howls of pain," Arceus said. "She hates their name so much that she's actually lamenting it."
"Shut up, God! I won't believe your lies! I can see that our combined strength scares you, and now I will take my revenge! Use Retaliate, KissyFace!"
KissyFace charged Arceus at full speed before they were struck with that invisible energy that had defeated Snuggles. They flew off the edge of the pillar with a bark of surprise. I ran to the side and watched in horror as my poor Pokémon plummeted to the ground below.
"Call it back into its poké ball," God said with a sigh of frustration.
"Oh, crap," I responded as the familiar loud thud of a Pokémon hitting the ground echoed through the mountains. It was followed pained whimper and a weak bark.
"KissyFace is lamenting their life choices now."
"Shut up, God! I'm not done yet!"
I called KissyFace back into their poké ball and ran back to my battle position, but no matter which Pokémon I used they were all defeated in the same way. Fortunately, they all survived the fall off of Spear Pillar, but not without hitting the bottom first. When my whole team had been defeated I slumped my shoulders in exhaustion, but their roars of defiance had filled me with a driving need to defeat the mighty Arceus and avenge their efforts.
"I created the heavens and the earth, and all that is, but I cannot figure out how you became Champion of the Pokémon League."
I panted heavily, and gave a sly grin as sweat poured down my face.
"That's because I am the very best, like no one ever was!"
"Then I marvel at the continued survival of your species."
"Don't talk down to me, God! You may have defeated Snuggles, and KissyFace, and LoveBug, and Huggalicious, and SmoochyBear, and ShnoodleBum, but you haven't defeated me! In honor of their memories, I will defeat you!"
I took an empty ultra ball from my backpack and threw it. It bounced off of Arceus with no effect and fell to the ground at its feet. I emptied my pack of fifty ultra balls, each one failing to even try to capture the creature. Arceus stared at me in annoyance, but made no move. I moaned, regained my composure, and with one final roar of defiance I charged the all mighty Arceus, my fist raised high in rage. As I approached the Pokémon I was struck with an invisible force. I felt my feet leave the ground as I threw my foot out to regain purchase on the peak of the Spear Pillar. Just as I reached the edge the tips of my toes found the floor and I stood there precariously, perched on one leg, gravity threatening to pull me to my doom at any second.
"I call hax," Arceus said in mild disbelief with just a hint of laughter. "How did that not send you to the ground as it did to all of your Pokémon?"
"Because I'm the very best, and I call…" I said as I felt myself falling over the side. I fumbled in my pocket for one final poké ball, and felt joy as my desperate hand wrapped around it.
"I call Master Ball!" I yelled as my foot finally slipped and I tottered over the side of Spear Pillar. I threw the ball as I fell and time seemed to slow down around me. The Master Ball hit Arceus and opened, dragging the shocked deity inside. Then the ball zoomed back to my hand as I fell to the ground below.
I woke on the cold ground sometime later. I could tell from the pain that every bone in my body was broken, save for my right arm. My right hand held the Master Ball firmly in its grasp atop my chest. I smiled as I looked at my prize and felt warmth radiating from the ball. Arceus was showering me with love from our newfound friendship. I just knew that we were going to be the best of friends as I closed my eyes and clutched the Master Ball to my chest. When I opened my eyes again, a tall figure dressed in a long, dark robe and hood stood over me.
"Are you a Pokémon?" I asked drowsily.
"No, child. I am the one that humans call the Grim Reaper. I am here to take your soul to the afterlife."
"What?" I said in disbelief. "No way. That's impossible! I can't die yet. I just became champion and accomplished all of my dreams! You have to give me a stay."
"I am afraid that only the Word of God, and those that work under it, can stay the hand of death."
"Only the Word of God?" I said, raising a bloody eyebrow at the phrase. "Well I've got God in a poké ball and they say that you have to let me live!"
I pressed the button on my Master Ball and Arceus shot forth in a burning beam of light.
"HOW DARE YOU, MORTAL! YOUR BONES SHALL NEVER HEAL! I SHALL GRIND YOUR SOUL INTO POWERDER TO DRINK IN MY…"
"Shut up, God," I said as I forced it back into its ball.
"Well… that just happened," the Grim Reaper said. "I think I need a stiff drink… and maybe a good night's sleep."
"Yeah, you go do that. I'm just going to crawl to the next town."
Death and I went our separate ways as I pocketed the Master Ball. I began pulling myself with my good arm all the way to Oreburgh City where I would continue to live as an invalid. Death would go bar hopping and never stop. That's how I became an immortal Pokémon Master and the Grim Reaper became an alcoholic.
The Ravens' surprising decision Wednesday to cut Bernard Pollard, the hard-hitting and tough-talking safety who led the Super Bowl champions in tackles last season, opens up just $1 million of salary-cap room. So at least on the surface, the move appears to go beyond simple finances.
While team officials have yet to comment on Pollard's release, it continues a trend of offseason activity that has the Ravens' roster — particularly on the defensive side — getting younger, thinner, quieter and in some cases, cheaper.
A little more than a month since the Ravens finished a surprising playoff run with a 34-31 victory over the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XLVII, seven members of that team who started games this past season are gone and several other key performers are free agents, including defensive backs Ed Reed and Cary Williams, and seem poised to leave as well. Reed will visit the Houston Texans on Thursday.
"That's a lot of players and a lot of key guys on the defense to lose," said former Ravens linebacker Paul Kruger at their news conference Wednesday after they signed with the Cleveland Browns. "I am sure that there is a plan in place and that's a great organization. I feel like there's always going to be a plan, but that is a lot of good players leaving. I was really surprised when I heard about a lot of those moves."
According to the Elias Sports Bureau, no title-winning team has lost more than five Super Bowl starters before the following season. In short order, the Ravens already have matched that number and that doesn't include Kruger, a pass-rushing specialist who parlayed a team-leading nine-sack season into a five-year, $40 million deal with the rival Browns.
Some of the moves were inevitable and expected. Middle linebacker Ray Lewis, the long time face of the franchise and a future Hall of Famer, retired after their 17th NFL season at the age of 37. One year Lewis' junior, center Matt Birk retired following their 15th season and their first Super Bowl victory. Another senior member of the team, reserve guard Bobbie Williams, was let go last week after they played sparingly last season.
Then came some surprises. On the eve of free agency, the Ravens sent Anquan Boldin, a hero from their playoff run and quarterback Joe Flacco's most trusted target, to the 49ers for a sixth-round pick in April's draft. The trade was consummated only after the 32-year-old Boldin declined to take a pay cut on their $6 million salary for this coming season. Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome admitted that it was an "unpleasant" move to make.
Then the market opened Tuesday and not only did the cash-strapped Ravens quickly but not-surprisingly lose Kruger, they watched Dannell Ellerbe, a priority for them to re-sign, agree to a five-year, $35 million deal with the Miami Dolphins. When healthy, Ellerbe had been one of the Ravens' best defensive players last season and was viewed as one of the answers to life after Lewis.
The fifth key defensive player from last year's squad was then jettisoned Wednesday when Pollard, 28, was let go following a season in which they made 98 tackles, two sacks and an interception while playing much of it with cracked ribs.
"Well Raven Nation it's been fun," Pollard said on their Twitter account. "My time in Baltimore is done... Thank you!"
A league source later confirmed that Pollard had been released, which leaves the Ravens without their two starting safeties.
"They've lost a lot of guys but when you look at them individually and look at the depth chart and what they can do, they have some guys they can plug in there," said Daniel Jeremiah, a former Ravens' scout who is currently an analyst for NFL Network. "It's not like they are totally caught with nothing. You get [Jameel] McClain back, they're probably going to add another inside linebacker. They still have a dominant player up front in [Haloti] Ngata, they have [cornerback Lardarius Webb] coming back from an injury. [Terrell] Suggs is still a good edge rusher and they feel great about their corners. I just feel like everything with them is 'the sky is falling' and I'm kind of like, 'Whoa.'"
What is cerber ransomware
Since the Cerber Ransomware first release back in 2016, this ransomware would not only encrypt your files, but would also annoyingly encrypt the file names as well. This made it difficult for users and administrators to determine what files were actually encrypted and restore them from backups.
While many variants of Cerber have been released over time, this “feature” has always remained the same. That is until today, when a new variant has been detected by cybersecurity experts.They found a new sample of Cerber that leaves the original filename the same and only appends a random extension as shown below.
As you can see this new variant will keep the original filename, but now append a random extension to the filename. This extension will be the same for all files encrypted on a particular machine, but will be different from machine to machine.
Finally, the payment site on TOR continues to be the same, taking 1 bitcoin ransom payment, with current rate of $1,180 USD (approx 1 Lakh PKR), and then it increases to 2 bitcoins after 5 days.
While people are still looking for cerber ransomware solutions cyber criminal continue to make money.
Source : Bleeping Computer
If you are infected by ransomware and need professional help and , you can use Tier3 Ransomware removal services.We provide professional advice during and complete security audit after removal.
eliminar cerber ransomware,cerber ransomware entschlüsseln
“I'd just come home from college for the summer; I was 20. I got a job working at Ben & Jerry's. My skin was really red, which, in retrospect, I think was because I was using all these products all the time—and I have pretty naturally dry skin—and my skin was just exhausted, and had gotten kind of messed up from that. I was so miserable.
So, I was at my dad's house, and I was just kind of Googling—it was just one of those days where you feel really shitty about yourself. Like, ‘I've got to fix this. It can't last forever. What do I do? What did I do wrong? My skin is so messed up.' I was searching this combination of terms—this was late at night, after I had passed by the normal websites—and I found this one that was called, ‘Doctor so-and-so's Plan,' I don't remember exactly. It was just this catch-all for curing everything. It was like, ‘Dear readers: Inflammation is your problem and inflammation comes from carbohydrates, because the body's not designed to burn through carbohydrates, so if you cut them out then you'll cut out inflammation and all of your problems will go away.' This was a cure for eczema, psoriasis, bowel problems… For anyone who was miserably Google-searching ‘problem' and ‘help' late at night, it was like, Ahhhh.
You just had to get rid of the inflammation, and the way you did that was to stop eating carbohydrates and only eat these two different kinds of fruit—only melons were ok—and vegetables, meat, and eggs. Then everything will be perfect.
I mean, the website was in Comic Sans font—this was not an accredited doctor—with an electric yellow background and orange text. It was so bad, but I was like, ‘Oh my God, ok. I finally found my thing!' It's funny to think back on it. I bought this so hook, line, and sinker… but I don't think I've ever subscribed to something since so completely, just because I learned from this experience. But at the time, I was like, ‘Ok, I need to completely change the way I eat! That's why my skin is so messed up.'
If I found the site now, I'd think: That just sounds like another iteration of all the popular diets—no big deal. But back then all I ate was cereal, sandwiches, ice cream, and pasta. I didn't eat any vegetables whatsoever. I was heavier, maybe 20 pounds more than I am now, so it kind of fit; it wasn't weird. So I just decided to completely follow this diet-slash-lifestyle thing, and I had one last sub that night—white bread with mayonnaise and turkey—and I was like, ‘All right. That's the last carbohydrate I'm ever going to eat… And then my life will be perfect.'
The next day, I forced myself to start eating vegetables. I hated them, they were all disgusting, but after awhile, I just started liking them. And then I started liking everything. My mom was overjoyed when I was finally starting to say, ‘Sure I'll try this spinach!' They were like, ‘Oh my God, what happened?!' But then of course, on the other side of it, I was also saying, ‘Oh, no—no more cereal for me, no more ice cream, no more anything.' And they were thinking, ‘God, did you just develop an eating disorder?' And I was like, ‘No, no, no—it's for my skin.'
On a normal day, I'd have eggs in the morning, vegetables and hummus in the middle of the day, and then that again sort of throughout the rest of the day. I ate no carbohydrates for three months, and nothing happened; nothing changed with my skin.
This was bad; it was weird. I lost 20 pounds in a month, and I started to feel this grossness at my core—when you don't eat carbohydrates, it's gross. My body was eating itself too quickly or something, and everyone was worried about me.
Yes, I worked at Ben & Jerry's but I never once had a bite of ice cream, except on the first day when they make you try a taste of everything so you know what the flavors are. It wasn't hard or tempting, because when you believe in something… I truly believed that this was the solution to my problems, and I was way more vain than I was interested in ice cream; it was so easy.
After three or four months, the diet-y thing crashed and burned. Eventually, I just decided it wasn't working because nothing was really that different with my skin. Losing weight hadn't been the intention; I didn't really care about that. I'm not sure what made me stop—I think I just noticed that my behavior had gotten really weird. I'd taken the diet with me to back to college after the summer… At that point in the diet, you could start incorporating certain other fruits back in…and then I noticed I would be buying five whole fruits, and lining them up—an entire cantaloupe, a mango, an apple, a banana—and eating them all in a row, as a dessert. One, I was gaining a lot of weight and two, it would just hurt, because it was too much food to eat. I understood this isn't what normal people do.
I think that once you start regulating the way you eat, you can never quite go back to, ‘Oh yeah, I'm a little bit hungry, I'll just have something…' It turns into ‘Now that I'm allowed these things, I have to have them all,' sort of like a robot. For sure it was disordered eating, in retrospect. People were worried about me, but I was like, ‘No guys, really, it's just for my skin!' And it really was about my skin, but then I think it got braided in to weight, because when you get attention—‘Look how skinny you got! You look great…'—then it becomes attached to this whole other thing.
So, anyway, I went back to eating like a normal person for years, but incorporating all the nice, ‘crazy' foods that I hadn't eaten before… Like vegetables—I didn't eat a vegetable until I was 20. And then, when I graduated from college and moved to New York, I slowly started cutting out processed foods. I was probably at my heaviest—around 125, 130—and I'm 110 pounds now—but I started to think about what I was eating, and thinking about it as an all-one, unified process—like, what's going on with my face isn't separate from what's going on in my stomach or how I'm moving around during the day or how I feel about myself, stress levels, etcetera. It's an entire gestalt sort of thing. And then when you start thinking of what you're putting into your body as having an effect on all other things, it just didn't make sense to be putting in processed stuff—it didn't seem logical.
The first thing I cut down on was cereal, which is my favorite food, just because it seemed like the thing to start with. Then, there was basically an entire new world. I was like, ‘Oh, wow, sushi! People eat sushi! Wow, it's really good!' or, ‘Oh my God, guacamole!' Basically, anything that didn't come in a bag or a packet. I eat a lot of produce and whole grains and beans. I eat a ridiculous amount of nuts—almonds, cashews, walnuts, peanuts.
I'd like to say that I can see results now that I have this routine, but not really. My skin isn't perfect and not-red—I mean, it's still my thing, but it's much better than when I was younger...And I feel good about my intake; it's easier. But I'm not a healthy person; I think of the way I eat now as the one thing that I'm doing OK in. I don't exercise, I drink too much. What are the other pillars of self-preservation? I don't sleep a lot. It's sort one of those control things—you just need to be able to control one variable, which sounds kind of freaky maybe, but I think you create these rules for yourself that are sort of arbitrary, but they help. It feels really weird to talk about food so much; it's not a huge part of my life, it's just how I eat. Once it becomes something that you think about and plan for and worry about, which it did for me during that summer, then it takes over too much of your brain and your brain has to be doing much more important things.
And I wish I could say I feel more grounded or ‘sound,' but I feel like shit all the time. [Laughs] I mean, I feel fine, but it's not like I've achieved some amazing level of clarity. I think I'm treating my body nicely, and you read all of these studies about how the Mediterranean diet is the healthiest one and people who eat nuts live for a long time, and I like that kind of information. It's a nice mental thing; I can pat myself on the back.”
—Edith Zimmerman, as told to ITG
Zimmerman is a Brooklyn-based writer and co-editor of the women's website The Hairpin. Check out ITG's previous interview with their ('A Skin Thing') here.
Photographed by Emily Weiss in Brooklyn, New York.
A Metronome Can Help Set The CPR Beat
The heart beats rhythmically, and so does a metronome.
So it makes sense that a metronome, typically used by musicians to help keep a steady beat, could help medical professionals restart a heart.
"What we know for sure," says pediatric cardiologist Dianne Atkins, a spokesperson with the American Heart Association, is that "high-quality CPR improves survival." So anything that improves CPR could save lives.
For CPR to be effective, the rescuer kneels at the side of the person in distress, presses one hand on top of the other in the center of the person's chest and pushes down about 2 inches to force blood through the body before releasing and then compressing again.
The optimal rate for compression is 100 to 120 per minute, which is "fairly fast" says Atkins, and hard to maintain without something to guide you. "When chest compression is too slow or too fast, it decreases the effectiveness of CPR," they say.
That's where the metronome comes in. It offers a consistent guide. With every click, you do a chest compression and the metronome helps you keep the beat. Previously researchers have tried using music, including the songs "Disco Science" and "Achy Breaky Heart" to set the beat.
Now we're not talking about everyone carrying around a metronome just in case CPR is needed. Most studies of metronomes have involved medical professionals doing CPR on adults. The most recent study in the journal Pediatrics looked at using metronomes to guide CPR for children.
More than 150 medical providers performed two rounds of chest compression on pediatric manikins, one with the metronome and one without. It turned out the metronome increased CPR effectiveness by 22 percent.
Surprisingly, this simple tool isn't typically found in emergency medical kits with EMS teams or in hospitals. Atkins hopes the findings of the research will change that. In the meantime, they say there are several apps that can be easily downloaded on your mobile phone. Set it to 100 beats per minute, or quarter notes, since the app is typically designed for musicians.
It's not a bad idea, says Atkins, for all of us, medical professional or not, to download a metronome app and get trained in CPR just in case.
A female perspective is needed, Ms. Lilach said.
In one section on the Holocaust, they have taken on “the myth of ‘brothels,'” a term, they said, that has been “perpetuated by some male survivors and male historians.” The word brothels was used, they wrote in a text display, even though the women involved were not prostitutes but slaves “in a rape barrack,” facing execution if they resisted their attackers, according to accounts by survivors.
The exhibition consists of videos of survivors' testimonies available on a computer and 30 panels of texts, artifacts and photographs that document rapes, sexual slavery, humiliation, sexualized medical experiments and other atrocities perpetuated against women in Bosnia, Rwanda, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Armenia, Syria, Yugoslavia, Germany, Poland and other countries.
There is also information about organizations that help survivors and ways to contact United States officials who could take action. Email addresses and postcards will be provided, said Judy Vladimir, the center's director of development, who, along with three volunteers, helped Ms. Lilach create the exhibition. “This is where the ‘Moving Beyond' part of the title comes in,” Ms. Vladimir said.
There were discussions beforehand about what images to display even for adults, Ms. Lilach said. They and their team opted to block out exposed body parts so as “not to further exploit these women and girls.” Some of the photos, of women forced to pose nude in the early 1900s in an area that is now Namibia, were made into postcards by their German captors, they said.
Image A dress and headdress worn by Herero women. Credit Kathy Kmonicek for The New York Times
Photos of Jewish women in Ukraine during the Holocaust being humiliated or assaulted were taken by their former non-Jewish neighbors, who later killed the women or handed them off to the German SS, according to an exhibition text. Other Holocaust-era photos show Roma (Gypsy) women forced to expose their breasts as German officers pose around them, laughing and smiling. The images sometimes became souvenirs in German scrapbooks, Ms. Lilach said.
Star Trek Online is coming soon to consoles! Xbox One and PlayStation 4 Captains will soon be able to boldly go where no one has gone before, seeking out new life, new civilizations and more!
Players can create captains in three different factions within the Star Trek universe. Pioneer your destiny as a Starfleet captain, become a proud Klingon warrior in the service of the Empire, or rebuild the Romulan legacy in command of a warbird!
Choose the look for your captain and crew, and customize the appearance of your ship. Select the gear, weapons, and equipment for your away team, and prepare your ship for the dangers of the final frontier.
There are many exciting story episodes to experience – over 125 in all. Discover the secrets of the universe as you explore strange new worlds, and defend the galaxy from a host of deadly alien foes. There are eleven ‘seasons' and two full expansions – Legacy of Romulus and Delta Rising – included in this experience, and more on the way!
The challenge of PVP combat awaits you as well. Test your mettle against other starship captains in a number of tactical battle engagements throughout the galaxy.
Build the power of your captain, crew and starship in preparation for fierce challenges in the endgame. Team up with other captains to tackle ground and space queue conflicts built to challenge the best the galaxy has to offer!
In the Reputation System, you can complete various projects to aid groups and factions throughout the galaxy. As you do, your reputation with them grows, unlocking new items and abilities to use in your career as a starship captain.
There's more to come. We'll be releasing more exciting gameplay and content in future updates, including:
Guild Housing and Progression, represented in the Fleet Holdings System .
. Crafting, through the Research and Development System .
. The Admiralty System , in where you direct the actions of an entire fleet to earn items.
, in where you direct the actions of an entire fleet to earn items. The Duty Officer System , which allows you to direct the actions of your crew to earn items and improve your space and ground operations.
, which allows you to direct the actions of your crew to earn items and improve your space and ground operations. The Agents of Yesterday Expansion, which adds Federation captains from the TOS era to the game along with a series of new adventures that take place throughout space – and time!
Stay tuned for more updates on the upcoming console editions of Star Trek Online. We're excited to share all of the gaming experiences that STO has to offer with you!
PHOENIX — Nearly four years ago, a federal judge ordered a sweeping overhaul of then-Sheriff Joe Arpaio's office after concluding sheriff's deputies had systematically racially profiled Hispanics in traffic patrols that targeted immigrants.
Today, the agency is still dogged by findings that its officers treat minorities differently than whites during traffic stops.
An audit conducted by criminal justice researchers at Arizona State University as part of the profiling case concluded that Hispanics are more likely to be searched and arrested by sheriff's deputies in traffic stops than whites.
The agency's response to the report is expected to be discussed at a court hearing Wednesday. The study, released last week, examined 31,000 traffic stops from July 2015 through June 2016, near the end of Arpaio's 24-year tenure as metropolitan Phoenix's top law enforcer.
"The likelihood of Hispanics being arrested or searched over time has not decreased, or even changed," wrote the researchers, who had conducted an earlier study of the agency's traffic stops. "Conversely, the length of stop for Hispanic drivers, while still longer than whites, decreased across years."
The report was released a month after Arpaio was pardoned by President Donald Trump for their conviction for intentionally disobeying a court order in the profiling case.
Trump stands by their pardon of Arpaio
Sheriff Paul Penzone, who took office in January after defeating Arpaio, is developing plans for confronting the problems identified in the report, including providing sheriff's deputies and their supervisors with training.
Another report issued this summer by officials who are monitoring the agency on the judge's behalf charts the status of the sheriff's office in complying with the court-ordered overhaul.
The agency was deemed 40 percent compliant with the first phase of the overhaul and 58 percent compliant in phase two, according to the report, which covered the first three months of this year.
Taxpayers in metro Phoenix will remain on the hook for legal costs in the case until the sheriff's office comes in full compliance for three straight years with the court-ordered changes. By next summer, the costs are expected to reach $92 million.
Penzone's office declined a request from The Associated Press to comment on the report.
Penzone, while on the campaign trail, had vowed to make compliance with the court orders one of their top priorities.
PETA, the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, has a long history of fairly silly videogame shenanigans. Highlights include its 2008 attack on Cooking Mama called Mama Kills Animals, the animal cage-fight sim Pokémon: Black and Blue in 2012, and just last year, a request to Giants Software "to show the horrific reality of the pig-farming industry" in Farming Simulator 17. They even have their own Minecraft server. And now the animal rights organization has set its sights on Games Workshop, calling on the publisher to stop depicting Warhammer characters wearing animal pelts.
"PETA has written to Games Workshop CEO Kevin Rountree asking that the leading British miniature war-gaming brand ban 'fur' garments from all Warhammer characters," the group announced. "While we appreciate that they are fictional, draping them in what looks like a replica of a dead animal sends the message that wearing fur is acceptable—when, in fact, it has no more place in 2017 than it would in the year 40,000."
"The grimdark, battle-hardened warriors are known for their martial prowess—but wearing the skins of dead animals doesn't take any skill," the message says. "Indeed, nothing on the bloody battlefields of Warhammer's conflict-ravaged universe could match the terrible reality that foxes, minks, rabbits, and other living beings experience at the hands of the fur trade."
The details are a little confused: PETA cited Leman Russ, Horus Lupercal, and the Sisters of Silence in its message, all from the Warhammer 40,000 setting—which it specifically referenced in its letter—but also the Chaos Warriors, a race from Warhammer Fantasy. Those fellows would be more inclined than the rest to make use of furs in their day-to-day life, I think, but asking for a fur-free Warhammer Fantasy is like asking for a gun-free Doom. This is a universe that gave us a game that is literally about murdering endless hordes of giant, bipedal rats, after all. Perhaps it meant Chaos Space Marines?
As empty gestures go, it's not nearly as clever as, say, getting tofu added to Super Meat Boy, or making a playable game about Mario skinning a raccoon dog alive and wearing its skin, Silence of the Lambs style. (Seriously, it's called Mario Kills Tanooki, check it out.) And why Warhammer 40K, of all settings? It is literally about a grimdark future in which "there is only war," and they're not screwing around when they say so: The Horus heresy resulted in the deaths of 2.3 trillion innocent men, women and children, and 1000 human Psykers are ritually sacrificed every day to nourish the God-Emperor of Mankind. I'd say that by comparison, accessorizing with rat fur seems like a relatively minor transgression.
Update: The article originally stated that the gentleman pictured above is Leman Russ, but it has been pointed out to me it is in fact an image of Ragnar Blackmane. I apologize for any confusion and/or offense or upset caused to Messrs. Russ or Blackmane.
Sharron Angle, the Republican nominee for Senate in Nevada against Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, explained their opposition to abortion even in cases of rape and incest: “Two wrongs don't make a right,” and young girls who sought alternatives to abortion “made what was really a lemon situation into lemonade.”
As Sam Stein reports, in a radio interview in late June, with conservative talker Alan Stock, Angle explained:
Stock: What do you say then to a young girl, I am going to place it as they said it, when a young girl is raped by their father, let's say, and they are pregnant. How do you explain this to them in terms of wanting them to go through the process of having the baby?
Angle: I think that two wrongs don't make a right. And I have been in the situation of counseling young girls, not 13 but 15, who have had very at risk, difficult pregnancies. And my counsel was to look for some alternatives, which they did. And they found that they had made what was really a lemon situation into lemonade. Well one girl in particular moved in with the adoptive parents of their child, and they both were adopted. Both of them grew up, one graduated from high school, the other had parents that loved them and they also graduated from high school. And I'll tell you the little girl who was born from that very poor situation came to me when they were 13 and said ‘I know what you did thank you for saving my life.' So it is meaningful to me to err on the side of life.
The TPM Poll Average currently gives Angle a lead of 46.0%-40.8%.
Podcaster Patrick from Make Dad Read Comics and Almost Education returns to join Bill and Brian in a discussion about Ol' Dirty Bastard's Return to the 36 Chambers: the Dirty Version (1995, Elektra). Patrick talks about being a hesher and secret Wu Tang Clan fan who fell in love with their pop culture and kung fu movie references. Bill, Brian, and Patrick discuss the lasting influence of ODB's style and humor, RZA's style as a producer, whether or not Brian can name every member of the Wu Tang Clan (spoiler: they can't, stay tuned till the end of the episode for the correct names), how the Wu Tang clan style present on this album is reminiscent of punk rock, the many features on this album, the album's scatological nature, and more as we make our way through the album track by track!
Acura Motorsports today pulled the wraps off the new 2015 Acura TLX GT Race Car at the North American International Auto Show, announcing plans to move up to the GT category of the growing and highly competitive Pirelli World Challenge Championship.
To be campaigned by long time Acura Motorsports partner RealTime Racing, the new TLX GT will move Acura into the top category of the Pirelli World Challenge, facing competition that includes the Audi R8 LMS, Cadillac CTS-V, Chevrolet Corvette, Dodge Viper, Lamborghini Gallardo, Mercedes SLS, Nissan GTR, Porsche 911 and Ferrari 458.
“The 2015 Acura TLX is a true luxury sport sedan, so it is fitting that the car be raced against several of its natural competitors, and even some up-market brands, in the Pirelli World Challenge,” said Art St. Cyr, President of Honda Performance Development and Vice President-Product Planning and Logistics, American Honda.
“Acura and Peter Cunningham's RealTime Racing organization have a long history of success together, and we look forward to adding to that tradition with the Acura TLX GT race car in 2014.”
Developed from the production 2015 Acura TLX by HPD, the racing arm of American Honda Motor Co., Inc., the Acura TLX GT Race Car will feature HPD chassis and aerodynamic performance parts approved for Pirelli World Challenge competition, and will be powered by a direct-injected, twin-turbocharged V6 engine, developed by HPD from the normally aspirated, production TLX luxury sport sedan. It will utilize all-wheel drive, as found in Acura's SH-AWD system.
The Acura TLX GT Race Car will be campaigned by Wisconsin-based RealTime Racing, the most successful team in Pirelli World Challenge history. Established in 1987 by owner/driver Peter Cunningham, RTR has raced and won with both Honda and Acura products. Since entering the Sports Car Club of America Pro Racing-sanctioned World Challenge series in 1993, the team has scored a record 85 race victories on its way to 14 Manufacturers' Championships and 14 Drivers' Championships.
“In our 27 years of racing Hondas and Acuras, we have developed a clear understanding of what it takes to win races and championships,” RTR team principal Cunningham said. “In 2014, the Pirelli World Challenge GT class looks to be more competitive and diverse than at any time in the 25-year history of the series.
“RealTime has competed successfully in this category before, and we look forward to the challenges that lie ahead. With the onslaught of these world-class GT-3 competitors joining the fray, we will be working hard to develop the new TLX GT into a winning package. But that's what we love to do.”
A shocking video shows a Chinese girl brutally beating a toddler and then throwing them off of the 25th floor of the buidling. Amazingly, a new report states the child has survived. (VIDEO BELOW)
UPDATE: A source contacted The Dispatch saying; “Yuanyuan, is in ICU in a critical condition, but government authorities have paid no attention to the teenage offender, stating the Law of the Peoples Republic of China, on the Protection of Minors, means that children under the age 14 should NOT be punished. The offender's mother and the girl have already gone to western China to hide. We are very concerned that there could be more violent acts from children if society simply ignores this tragedy just because of the age of the offender. We have a large group of people who want to help get justice for Yuanyuan, but we have no organizations behind us. We are all volunteers, so we request that you please help us to publicize this tragedy and encourage authorities to properly recognise any acts of this nature, and to take action when such extreme behaviour occurs, regardless of the age of those involved.”
The state broadcaster Chongqing Broadcasting Group first reported the video, claiming the girl is around 10-years-old. They can be seen slamming and beating the 18-month-old baby inside an elevator in Chongqing (which is in central China.)
Watching the CCTV, the viewer can see the little boy was accidentally left in the elevator by their mother and as the woman getting off at a floor while pulling the baby's bike, the schoolgirl enters.
The lift's doors close behind them living them alone with their alleged “attempted” murderer.
The girl, wearing a black backpack, picks them up and then suddenly slams them to the floor and starts beating him.
As the elevator reaches the 25th floor, they violently push the toddler out. The baby was eventually found covered in blood in bushes outside the building's ground floor.
The boy's name is Yuanyuan and is recovered in a hospital from multiple fractures and a ruptured lung.
Family have supported the girl describing the incident as miscommunication and an accident, that the boy may have fallen. Full coverage HERE
Police have launched an investigation, but the language in the report is ‘accident.'
Detectives in Van Nuys, California, arrested a suspect Sunday in the Jan. 31 homicide of Yazmin Payne, one of at least four transgender women of color killed in the Los Angeles area within the last eight months.
Payne, 33, was found on their kitchen floor with multiple stab wounds while a fire burned in a rear bedroom, according to the Los Angeles Police Department. "Neighbors reported hearing an argument, or some sort of verbal dispute from the apartment, prior to the fire department's response," Officer Sara Faden, a spokesperson for the department, told BuzzFeed News. Officer Faden said police have not released a motive in the killing.
The suspect, arrested by police the next day for "murder," police said in a press release, is 25-year old Ezekiel Jamal Dear.
An initial news report on KABC said Payne's boyfriend, who shared the apartment her, was a suspect in the case. Subsequent reports have not made that connection.
Speaking to BuzzFeed News, LAPD homicide detectives could not confirm a relationship or lack of relationship between Dear and Payne.
The National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs, which conducts the country's most comprehensive surveys on attacks against LGBT people, found 2,697 reports of intimate partner violence in 2013 involving LGBT victims. Transgender people were 1.9 times more likely than other LGBT people to face intimate physical violence.
Speaking for the LAPD, Payne said was an African-American transgender woman.
Transgender women of color are killed at an exceptionally high rate in the United States. BuzzFeed News reported two transgender women of color were killed in January.
BuzzFeed News reported in December that three transgender women of color were killed in Los Angeles within six months. Deshawnda Sanchez, 21, was killed in December as they tried to flee a perpetrator in South Los Angeles. The body of Zoraida "Ale" Reyes, 28, was found in Anaheim in June, prompting many people to speculate that the outspoken activist was targeted for being transgender. In early October, Aniya Knee Parker, 47, was fatally shot in East Hollywood after three men reportedly tried to take them purse.
Crimes against transgender women, including nonfatal attacks, took an uptick in L.A. in 2013. The Los Angeles County Commission on Human Relations reported that 19 transgender people were targeted for hate-motivated attacks in 2013, accounting for a 46% increase from 13 attacks the year before.
Bundestag and Knesset
On a visit to Israel in 2008, German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke before the Knesset. “The historical responsibility for Israel's security is part of Germany's raison d'être,” they said. During their most recent visit, in February, on which they were accompanied by nearly their entire cabinet, Merkel was awarded Israel's highest civilian honor for “standing by Israel” and fighting against anti-Semitism and racism. It was an interesting ceremony that suggested a dismissal of Holocaust guilt. At least, for a few photo-ops.
Earlier that day, the Israeli and German governments held their 5th annual joint cabinet session, at which they launched preparations for the 50th anniversary celebrations of Germany-Israel relations, in 2015.
It was May 12, 1965 when Chancellor Ludwig Erhard and Prime Minister Levi Eshkol established relations between Israel and West Germany. Fourteen years prior to that, on September 27, 1951, Chancellor Konrad Adenauer confessed guilt and claimed responsibility on behalf of the German people for the crimes of National Socialism, as well as recognizing Germany's fundamental responsibility to Israel and the Jewish people.
Today, Israel is one of the countries most closely connected to Germany on an economic, cultural and political level. Israel is one of Germany's most important trading partners in the Middle East. Conversely, Germany is Israel's second biggest trading partner after the United States.
In talks leading up to Merkel's recent visit, the two cabinets discussed further expansion of contacts between their respective civil societies, and cooperation in research, education and development. Another agreement will provide German consular services to Israelis traveling to countries with no diplomatic ties with Israel.
At a joint press conference with Prime Minister Netanyahu, the Chancellor expressed their support of a two-state solution for the Palestine-Israel conflict; they also stated that a boycott of Israel would not advance peace prospects. Netanyahu stressed that the goal of these annual meetings is to bring an already close and strong relationship “to even higher levels of closeness and strength,” and also expressed appreciation for their personal friendship.
In 2000, then-President Johannes Rau was the first German politician who held a speech before the Knesset in German and begged the Jewish people for forgiveness for the crimes committed by the Nazis. The fact that Rau spoke in German was itself objected to by a number of members of parliament, who called it “the language of the Nazis.” Yet, the speaker of the Knesset, Avraham Burg, gave their authorization because “Rau has been known for years as a best friend of Israel.”
Although this image of a warm friendship between the two states, and Germany's unconditional solidarity, is held up at every opportunity, when it comes to current political issues, the tone changes abruptly. German politicians do not omit criticism of Israeli policies when disagreeing with developments and decisions made in Jerusalem. Critics in Germany aren't worried about this. After all, friends are allowed to criticize each other.
Following the exchange of pleasantries, Merkel returned to their list of criticisms; they openly rejected Israel's demand that Iran entirely stops its uranium enrichment. Equally, they repeated their call for an end to the settlements issue. When President Joachim Gauck spoke at the Presidential Palace in Jerusalem in May 2012, they surprised the public by relativizing Merkel's 2008 statement, saying that “advocacy for Israel's security and right to exist is a defining part of German policy.” They said this before reiterating their low opinion of Israel's settlement policies.
In February 2011, the German Minister of Transportation, Peter Ramsauer, got involved when a subsidiary of state enterprise Deutsche Bahn announced its involvement in a fast train project between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem. Ramsauer pointed out that “in terms of foreign policy, the Israeli state railroad project, crossing occupied territory, is a problematic venture and a potential violation of international law, touching on questions of status.” As a result, Deutsche Bahn ended its involvement in the project.
Broadly, attitudes towards Israel remain controversial in Germany. On the one hand, many Germans feel that they cannot criticize Israel at all, as it will be interpreted as anti-Semitic. Former German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt once reckoned that this “regrettably” prevents all forms of positive and “legitimate” criticism.
This reticence also happens to suffocate the criticism that does take place. European Parliament President Martin Schulz caused a scandal in the Knesset in February, when commenting on unequal access to water for Palestinians and Israelis in the occupied West Bank. In a post on their Facebook page, Israeli economics minister Naftali Bennet, leader of the right-wing Jewish Home party, requested that Prime Minister Netanyahu correct Schulz's “lies,” and said that they “will not accept an untrue sermon on morality directed at Israel in Israel's parliament. Definitely not in German.”
Here lies the German dilemma: often, contemporary foreign politics is confused with the politics of memory. The Third Reich, and German attempts to come to terms with it, as well as anti-Semitism, takes up a large part of many discussions related to Israel, even when it is unrelated. The Holocaust plays a role in virtually every interaction between Germany and Israel. On the German side, this fosters a guilt complex, which ironically rejects taking responsibility for realities in Israeli politics.
In an editorial in Die Welt, Clemens Wergin describes the situation as the following: “Because of a guilt complex that still has not been tackled, it seems that there is still an urgent need in the German society to reject historic guilt by making the Israelis out to be the criminals.” Wolf Biermann, a German singer-songwriter, whose father was killed in Auschwitz as both a Jew and follower of the communist resistance, evaluated the delicate relationship between Germany and Israel in similar terms in 2012:
“The two countries are completely different but “chained together by the Shoah”; this is for me a rule of thumb: Since the Second World War the Germans never want to be the perpetrators again. […] The Jews want to be anything but the victims again.”
Regarding German media, former editor-in-chief of Der Spiegel, Stefan Aust, has observed that the subject of Israel has been treated very differently in comparison to other subjects. It is impossible to think that it could be treated “neutrally.” In the light of Germany's past, Israeli politics “hits the center of the German soul and German guilt.”
The public confession of German guilt by Chancellor Adenauer in 1951 did not meet general acceptance in the West German public. According to a survey by the Allensbacher institute for opinion research in 1952, 44% of West Germans considered reparation payments to be unnecessary. Only 11% were in favor. Even parts of the government coalition argued that Israel was not entitled to reparations, simply because it had not existed during the Nazi regime.
Twenty years after the end of the war, diplomatic relations were established. In the following decades, West Germany's heads of state were desperately trying to demonstrate “normality” between the two states.
By the end of the 1960s, the atmosphere in West Germany became more relaxed. The Adolf Eichmann trial did not only make the whole world aware of the extent of the German guilt, it also made the systematic murder of millions of Jews subject of public discussion in Germany. This contributed to a new sort of understanding between Germany and Israel. It reached its peak during the Six Day War, when large parts of West German society sympathized with the Jewish state, which they saw as having its very existence threatened by neighboring Arab countries.
In the 1970s, West Germany openly strove for friendly relations, and for the first time, a West German foreign minister Walter Scheel (1971) and Chancellor Willy Brandt (1973) visited Israel. Brandt reduced German-Israeli relations to the diplomatically simple formula of “our normal relations are of a very special character.” With this tactic, Brandt did not exactly preach to the converted. On the contrary, Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir read their visitors the so-called riot act.
The Yom Kippur War later that year put such attempts at normalization to the test, because of West Germany's negative attitude towards US arms supplies for Israel. As a direct result, Germany's relationship with Israel became less sycophantic.
The next affront came when in 1974, under the newly elected Chancellor Schmidt, when West Germany became the first Western European country to demand the right of the Palestinian people to self-determination, followed by the sale of Leopard II tanks to Saudi Arabia in 1980. Against the backdrop of international and domestic protests, though, the Federal Government ultimately backed off from the tank deal in spring 1982.
German-Israeli relations reached their lowest point in early 1981 when Schmidt, on a visit in Saudi Arabia, listed the various victims of the Nazi regime but did not mention Jews. They further enraged Prime Minister Menahem Begin by speaking of the “moral claims to self-determination of the Palestinian people,” but not of the Jewish people.
West German Chancellors went on to spark one uproar after the other. Schmidt's successor Helmut Kohl, elected in 1982, stated the now infamous “mercy of late birth” quote when visiting Israel in 1984. The line, by which they meant that they were born too late to have responsibility for the Nazis, gave the impression that German politics were trying to shed their responsibility for the burden of Germany's past. This new mentality of “drawing a line” when it comes to historical memory has since found a consensus among both left and right-wing parties.
What became apparent in the 1980s, was that West Germany found itself in a dilemma caused by the triangle of itself, Israel, and Palestine. This political arrangement meant that every strategic decision seemed to cause offense. After initial difficulties, Kohl revised their stance on Israeli policies, and promoted the revival of half and non-governmental contacts that had ebbed away during Schmidt's rule. Reliable bilateral cooperation emerged from this.
By the time of the First Intifada, though, Germany's ties with Arab countries became a bit looser due to the explosive nature of the Arab-Israeli conflict, which was further isolating Israel. This has remained the case, despite the Gulf War, which was the last big test of bilateral relations due to German weapons sales to Saddam Hussein.
It remains to be seen how these matters will evolve in the future. It is certainly the case that since 1990, Germany has become a major arms exporter to Israel, supplying it with more than a billion euros worth of weapons between 1995 and 2005. However, it is also the case that Kohl's “mercy of late birth” line is more relevant than ever, especially to a new generation of Germans who were born after reunification.
For better or worse, new generations of German politicians are rising to the forefront with increasingly less first-hand memory and interaction with the Holocaust. The overall relationship is bound to change as a result of this, perhaps for the better, considering how crucial German support is for an end to Israel's occupation of the Palestinian Territories.
Photographs courtesy of otzberg, Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and Tim. Published under a Creative Commons License.
It is known for having the fastest growing population of any state in the country, and its capital is already being heralded as the major Australian urban centre of the future, but Western Australia faces on enormous infrastructure problem.
The state and in particular its capital Perth has been experiencing hot weather and ever-diminishing rainfall, drying up the state's system of dams and prompting water restrictions and dire warnings of shortages.
As panic over water supply sets in, two expensive and electricity-intensive desalination plants have been built. The Perth Seawater Desalination Plant, built in 2006, already supplies roughly 20 per cent of the city's drinking water needs, and is powered by the Emu Downs Wind Farm. More recently the Southern Seawater Desal Plant, near Binningup in the Shire of Harvey, was opened in 2011. Prompted by further drought, the state government has already begun construction to double its capacity. Combined, the two plants currently provide 95 billion litres of drinking water each year.
But ‘Perth is a thirsty place', as Jeff Charrois, director of the Curtin University Water Quality Research Centre, told RN Breakfast this morning, and a new trial is now well underway to produce drinking water from re-processed sewage.
The Beenyup Wastewater Treatment Plant, which already pumps seven million litres of treated waste water back into Perth's aquifers each day, is experimenting with technology that is leading the way in Australia for water recycling.
‘It involves a lot of sorts of advanced technology,' Charrois told Breakfast. ‘Ultra-filtration: which is trying to get small bits out of the waste water. Then it goes through a reverse osmosis membrane, which takes out even smaller particles and chemicals. And then finally it goes through an ultra-violet disinfection step.'
‘It's not sort of getting into the taps of people in Perth yet, but certainly, that would be what would be expected in the future.'
‘In the end in a drying climate, if water isn't coming from the sky, you're going to have to look for other options and so I'd say certainly in Perth we're at that stage where we need to, you know, not only conserve every drop that we have, but look at other technologies to help meet the shortfall.'
State Environment Minister Bill Marmion faces the more challenging job of convincing voters to pay for and drink reprocessed sewage. They also spoke with Breakfast and said the Beenyup Plant has flung its doors open to visitors in an attempt to humanise the idea.
‘The visitors centre has been running for two years during the whole length of the trial. It's open to anyone who wants to visit. We've had school groups through, right through to aged care groups going through and it's been open for special days. We've even had the ABC Mornings program in WA run their program from there to encourage people to come and visit, and we've had about 7,300 people tour the facility during the two years of the trial.'
However, Beenyup's operation is more complicated than simply piping water from the facility to people's taps at home. First the recycled water is pumped into large aquifers that Marmion describes as ‘underground dams'. In particular, the water is used to replenish the Gnangara Mound, a massive fresh water supply that has been relied upon more and more in recent years to supplement water from dams and desal plants, causing stress on nearby ecosystems. Later, the water is pumped back out of the ground, treated, and used in the drinking water supply.
‘We will extract the water out of the aquifer further away, and then that'll go through the normal water treatment process before it's being drunk, so people don't go to the trial and drink the water even though you could.'
Marmion says pumping the water underground before bringing it back to the surface metamorphosed as natural drinking water is not a case of out of sight, out of mind, but a necessity of Perth's geography.
‘I'm an engineer myself... and indeed, engineers suggested that in other countries, they've put it [recycled water] into the dam. But... if you were going to put it into the dams you'd have to pipe it further, so there is a cost saving in injecting it into the aquifer.'
Marmion says the extent of the water crisis means the trial has bipartisan political support, but the challenge is convincing the Western Australian public, which they say is currently around 76% in favour of the idea.
‘But interestingly for those people that go through the visitors centre at the Beenyup Wastewater Treatment Plant, the survey afterwards shows that, if you assume that 76 per cent is what the normal [approval rate] is in Western Australia, people that go through the trial come out at about 94-95 per cent. [I]f you actually go and visit the centre, it does actually raise people's appreciation of how safe and successful the trial is.'
GISHWHES (the Greatest International Scavenger Hunt The World Has Ever Seen) is a charity scavenger hunt created and run by Supernatural star Misha Collins. This year, one of the items on the list was a sci-fi story written specifically for the hunt, and overwhelmed sci-fi authors aren't too happy about it.
The GISHWHES lists (a copy of 2014's seen here) contain a variety of random, complicated acts that either need to be captured on video or in a picture. Here's the list item for 2014 asking for a sci-fi story starring Misha:
78. IMAGE. Get a previously published Sci-Fi author to write an original story (140 words max) about Misha, the Queen of England and an Elopus. -59 POINTS
It might seem like a bit of harmless, charitable fun, but at least one author took to Facebook to let the world know that encouraging a massive fan base to flood authors with a pretty random request is a bit insensitive. Neil Gaiman must have been getting some emails, too, because they tweeted that they wouldn't be participating.
Repost: Dear everybody doing the GISHWHES scavenger hunt: thank you all for asking me to help, have fun, and you can do it without me. Neil — Neil Gaiman (@neilhimself) August 4, 2014
Sure, 140 words isn't very long, and GISHWHES supports charity, but the fact that the stories are requested to be starring Misha and that they could easily have been replaced with another item that wouldn't ask a large group of fans to harass authors without changing the hunt's charitable effects just leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
Of course, there are also those who are perfectly willing to help, including the charity group 501st Legion, who offered to assist with photos requiring Stormtroopers:
#GISHWHES – Please email us at gishwhes@501st.com if you are participating & need help w/ the Stormtrooper photo. pic.twitter.com/wtBNmJukAR — 501st Legion (@501stLegion) August 3, 2014
While that's great, no one suggested that everyone participating in the hunt should contact 501st Legion members asking for help. They know about the hunt and have offered their services, which is a very nice thing for them to do, but they're willing participants. They've even set up a separate email account just for GISHWHES requests to keep things straight, which is a luxury many unwitting sci-fi authors don't have.
The authors who are now facing inboxes full of requests for GISHWHES, on the other hand, are innocent bystanders. Enjoy your hunt, GISHERs, but maybe try to find an author who's indicated they're willing to help before shooting off any emails about sci-fi stories.
(via Lauren DeStefano on Facebook, image via Keith McDuffee)
Previously in angry authors
Are you following The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
Professor John Ashton said children should be made to walk a quarter of a mile each day to keep them fit and prevent obesity.
They told The Times: “We're used to this idea that our children are not going to be as well off as we have been. But I don't think anybody has really expressed yet that they may not be as healthy either."
They said the "nanny state" should not stand in the way of strong government action to improve health, particularly for children.
Professor Ashton, who takes over as president of the Faculty of Public Health today, added that the next generation face economic challenges as well as dangers from a diet of junk food and lack of exercise.
The combination of factors could produce a crisis which is "in danger of writing off a generation", they added.
They hailed a change in the traditional school run as a preventative measure against childhood obesity and unfit young people.
"One of the things we should be doing is really strictly prohibiting cars stopping outside school to drop kids off but having drop-off points, if at all, a few hundred yards away so at least the children get to walk a quarter of a mile each day from the dropping-off point ... it would make a difference,” they told the newspaper.
Justine Roberts, chief executive of Mumsnet, said: "I suspect there will be a mixed reaction to this because some people will find it quite hard to manage in practical terms."
NHS statistics recently showed the number of children being admitted to hospital for obesity related problems has quadrupled in less than a decade.
The number of five to 19-year-olds admitted to hospital with obesity related conditions increased from 872 to 3,806 between 2000 and 2009 in England and Wales.
Professor Ashton said that cities must be restructured and re-engineered to tackle the problems with modern life that are driving rises in obesity and other public health failures.
They said that public health efforts must focus on town planning as much as on general health and argued that diet, exercise and stress must be united as symptoms of a deeper problem with modern lifestyles.
The new public health chief called for Britain to look back to the Victorian era to find a sense of ambition, to try to prevent diseases and lengthen life.
British rider Jonathan Rea is expected to be given a golden chance to show Honda that they are worthy of a full-time MotoGP ride in 2013 after being handed the opportunity to test Casey Stoner's factory RC213V machine in Brno on Monday.
Rea, who is currently in Moscow with their Ten Kate Honda squad for round 11 of the World Superbike championship, is being lined up to fly to the Czech Republic to link up with HRC for the post race test in Brno.
The 25-year-old, who recently won the prestigious Suzuka Eight-hour endurance race for Honda, could replace injured Aussie Stoner in the next two MotoGP races if they perform well at the test.
The Misano MotoGP on September 16 and Motorland Aragon race on September 30 don't clash with Rea's World Superbike commitments and the added bonus is they have previously raced on both tracks.
Reigning world champion Stoner is expected to miss both while they recover from a right ankle injury they suffered in a qualifying crash in Indianapolis one week ago.
Stoner rode to a heroic fourth place in Indianapolis but additional checks to their damaged ankle showed they require surgery and the 26-year-old flew back is heading to back to Australia with their family to undergo an operation next week.
Rea's test will also give HRC the chance to assess their potential with rumour rife in the paddock that they are being seriously considered for a ride in Fausto Gresini's satellite Honda squads next season.
Ben Spies though has emerged as a surprise favourite for Gresini's satellite RC213V having previously indicated that 2012 will be their last in MotoGP.
Rea has made no secret of their desire to move to MotoGP and their manager Chuck Aksland recently attended the Laguna Seca race to check on potential opportunities.
Aksland told MCN in California: “Like any rider the ultimate goal is to be in MotoGP. He's got several opportunities to stay in World Superbikes and we are going to scout out what's available in MotoGP. There have been opportunities for them to come to MotoGP but probably not the right opportunity. It is a cruel environment because if you come to MotoGP you get one chance and if you don't have the right equipment or set-up around you it is easy to go backwards. For their progression as a rider it is best to have a little patience and wait for the best opportunities and if they don't come then they are happy where they are.”
So you may have noticed over the last few days our artists have been slamming out new content, all in the name of fleshing out the biomes and giving players some interesting incentives and rewards for exploring them. Presently, a heavy focus has been placed on each biome having its own unique resources and loot in the form of costumes, tools, and weapons. Its all in the name of variety!
The task of making most of these new items actually function has fallen to me. I've been going through all of them, ensuring they behave the way you'd expect, making sure hitboxes on the projectiles are all appropriately sized, that sort of thing. There are also a bunch of new recipes being thrown into the mix, so a number of items that you previously could only acquire through drops are becoming craftable. If you're lucky enough to find some of the consumable weapons (throwing daggers and axes, for instance), you'll be rewarded with blueprints that will enable you craft them anytime you want, so long as you've got the resources necessary to do so.
Some of the new weapons the artists have slung my way have been challenging, but fun to make. One of the new weapons George teased in their tar biome post is a spear that lobs balls of tar when you attack. The tar itself doesn't do much damage, but it can slow down your enemies, making it easier to keep them at bay while ducking in and out for your melee hits. Having spent so much of my time lately working with our weapon and projectile systems, I've learnt a great deal, and its always encouraging when you manage to get things working the way you intended.
Taking advantage of the liquid collection that the upgraded matter manipulator brings with it, you can now bottle your own water, among other things. Once a liquid is bottled you can consume it to receive the effects. For example, some liquids have curative powers when ingested. If you fashion yourself a bottle out of glass, you can collect the liquid with your matter manipulator, bottle it at a cooking table, then use it when you find yourself in a pinch.
As an aside, you actually drink your beverages now! I can't tell you how many times I winced when listening to my character “consuming” a bottle of whiskey with a distinct crunch. That stuff makes my teeth hurt just thinking about it.
This whole process of configuring everything has been difficult at times, but it's rewarding when it goes well. I expect to continue with this kind of work over the coming weeks, but in my position I can be made to change gear at any time. Ahhh, the joys of game development!
Good night everybody!
The ex-fiancee of Steven Avery, the subject of the Netflix documentary series Making a Murderer, has reportedly expressed fears that their former partner could be released from prison after a judge overturned the murder conviction of their nephew, Brendan Dassey.
Avery and Dassey were both found guilty of the 2005 murder of Teresa Halbach of Wisconsin in separate trials, chronicled in the hugely popular documentary series released last year.
On Friday, US federal magistrate William Duffin handed down the ruling in Dassey's case on the grounds that they were coerced into making their original confession. In so doing, the judge called into question the conduct of Dassey's attorney, Len Kachinsky, as well as those of investigators who they said had elicited an “involuntary” confession from the then 16-year-old, who has learning difficulties.
According to the entertainment news site TMZ, Avery's former partner Jodi Stachowski said after the judgment that, while they had great sympathy for Dassey and believed the state of Wisconsin had a duty of care towards them “because they wilfully destroyed their life”, they feared their potential freedom might put pressure on the courts to release Avery, “who they firmly believe is guilty of raping and killing” Halbach.
TMZ added that, in contrast, Avery's brother Chuck said that they would not celebrate “until the other person wrongly convicted is also freed: their brother”.
The reports come amid mounting questions over the impact Dassey's case will have on that of their uncle, who is also serving life in prison. Avery's legal team said in a statement that they were “thrilled” for Dassey that their conviction had been overturned. “We fully expected this outcome from an unbiased court that carefully examined their confession,” they said.
Avery's attorney, Kathleen Zellner, who took up the appeal case in January, added: “Steven Avery is so happy for Brendan. We know when an unbiased court reviews all of the new evidence we have, Steven will have their conviction overturned as well.”
Jerry Buting, Avery's former lawyer, who featured prominently in Making a Murderer, also tweeted that “justice finally strikes”, adding: “State of Wisconsin should accept federal court decision and drop case against Brendan Dassey. Avery is next. Time to go after real killer.”
Steven Drizin, a professor of law at Northwestern University, who pushed to have Dassey's conviction overturned, told the BBC's Today programme yesterday: “I thought that this was a confession that was the result of police coercion. These detectives had taken advantage of a young man who had severe learning difficulties. The only facts in the confession had been fed to them by the investigators.”
Halbach, a photographer for Auto Trader magazine, went missing on Halloween in 2005 after photographing a vehicle at Avery's salvage yard. Them charred remains were discovered in a burn pit on the yard 10 days later, along with their Toyota RAV4, mobile phone and car keys. The Netflix documentary brought international attention to the subsequent murder case by exploring issues and procedures in the Manitowoc County sheriff's department investigation of Avery and Dassey.
It also cast doubt on the legal process to convict both men, which led to a significant public backlash against the state of Wisconsin. Following the show's airing, a petition to investigate and pardon the Averys “and punish the corrupt officials who railroaded these innocent men” was submitted to the White House with more than 120,000 signatures. (A White House spokesperson later said that, since Avery and Dassey were both state prisoners, the president could not pardon them.)
Meanwhile, Kachinsky, who was removed from Dassey's case and later de-certified from the public defender's office, reported receiving hate mail from Dassey's supporters. On Friday, Duffin accused the attorney of spending more time talking to the press about the high-profile case than actually communicating with their own client. In their first three weeks as Dassey's attorney, Kachinsky spent 10 hours speaking to reporters and one hour with Dassey, according to Duffin.
If prosecutors do not refile charges within 90 days, Dassey will walk free. While a second series of Making a Murderer is currently in the making, the new ruling is understood not to have been captured on camera.
An Iranian official risking their lives to save Jews? This scenario, while implausible nowadays, actually happened during the Holocaust.
Meet Abdol Hossein Sardari, a diplomat at the Iranian mission in Paris during the 1940s. Known as the “Iranian Schindler,” they helped thousands of Jews escape certain death – by turning the Nazi race ideology on its head. […]
Born into a privileged Iranian family, Sardari was a junior diplomat at the Paris embassy who enjoyed fine dining and the company of pretty women. After the Germans invaded France and the Iranian ambassador left the capital and went to Vichy to reconstitute the embassy there, Sardari was put in charge of consular affairs in Paris. When the Nazis started implementing anti-Jewish decrees in occupied France, Sardari made it their mission to protect their fellow Iranians in the region, regardless of their religion. […]
Writing on the letterhead of the Imperial Consulate of Iran, Sardari tried to convince the authorities that according to “an ethnographic and historical study,” the members of the Jewish communities of Persia and central Asia were not Semitic but rather Aryan, like the Germans themselves. […]
Sardari's plan actually worked. When Jews were forced to wear the yellow Star of David, a directive was issued that Iranian Jews should be exempt. In addition, Sardari gave out between 500 and 1,000 Iranian passports, without the consent of their superiors. This saved 2,000 to 3,000 Jewish lives, as passports were issued for entire families.
Sardari never took any credit for what they did. When Yad Vashem asked them in 1978, three years before they died a poor exile in London, about their wartime activities, they responded: “As you may know, I had the pleasure of being the Iranian consul in Paris during the German occupation of France, and as such it was my duty to save all Iranians, including Iranian Jews.”
The Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles and other Jewish institutions have posthumously honored Sardari for their actions.
Read more: Beating the Nazis at their own game | The Times of Israel
The BBC adds:
When Britain and Russia invaded Iran in September 1941, Sardari's humanitarian task become more perilous. Iran signed a treaty with the Allies and Sardari was ordered by Tehran to return home as soon as possible. But despite being stripped of their diplomatic immunity and status, Sardari resolved to remain in France and carry on helping the Iranian Jews, at considerable risk to their own safety, using money from their inheritance to keep their office going. […]
Fariborz Mokhtari, the author of “In the Lion's Shadow: The Iranian Schindler and their homeland in the Second World War,” a new biography about Sardari states:
“Here you have a Muslim Iranian who goes out of their way, risks their lives, certainly risks their career and property and everything else, to save fellow Iranians,” they say. “There is no distinction ‘I am Muslim, they are Jew' or whatever.”
Read more: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-16190541
Attendance for Rays games are still bad. But in a sporting universe where television ratings are king, the Rays are still doing better than most and it is just another reminder of why Major League Baseball will never give up on the Tampa Bay market.
According to Fox, viewership for Rays games on Sun Sports has an average household rating of 4.17, up 4% from the same point last year.
That translates to an average audience of 80,000 homes which would have easily ranked among the top 12 of the 27 Major League Baseball teams with data last year.
That also means, that despite the terrible attendance, if current market conditions hold, the Rays are still looking at a new local television contract in two years that could be worth $80-100 million per year, a huge jump from the approximately $20 million per year they are receiving now.
OGGOA has learned that 10 former Florida Gators players have been officially invited to participate in the 2013 NFL Scouting Combine (National Invitational Camp) at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, IN.
The event, which is held for six days from Feb. 20-26, consists of more than 300 players being put through a series of drills, tests and interviews while more than 600 NFL personnel in attendance (including coaching staffs, executives, player personnel and medical staffs) look on and evaluate each of them. It amounts to the final job interview these athletes will participate in before the 2013 NFL Draft commences on April 25.
The 10 former Gators student-athletes invited to the combine include:
Linebacker Jon Bostic – Group: 9 | Camp: LB04
Safety Matt Elam – Group 10 | Camp: DB12
Safety Josh Evans – Group 10 | Camp: DB13
Defensive tackle Sharrif Floyd – Group: 7 | Camp: DL11
Running back Mike Gillislee – Group: 6 | Camp: RB13
Linebacker Jelani Jenkins – Group: 9 | Camp: LB12
Linebacker Lerentee McCray – Group: 9 | Camp: LB20
Offensive tackle Xavier Nixon – Group: 1 | Camp: OL41
Tight end Jordan Reed – Group: 3 | Camp: TE15
Kicker Caleb Sturgis – Group: 1 | Camp: PK12
Notable names left off the invite list include: wide receiver Frankie Hammond, Jr., WR/TE Omarius Hines, DT Omar Hunter and DT Earl Okine.
Read about each player's day-to-day schedule in Indianapolis after the jump!
Schedule:
Travel, Registration, Pre-Exam & X-rays, Orientation, Interviews
Wednesday – Groups 1-3; Thursday – Groups 4-6
Friday – Groups 7-9; Saturday – Groups 10-11
Measurements, Medical Exams, Media, Interviews
Thursday – Groups 1-3; Friday – Groups 4-6
Saturday – Groups 7-9; Sunday – Groups 10-11
NFLPA Meeting, Psych Tests, Bench Press, Interviews
Friday – Groups 1-3*; Saturday – Groups 4-6
Sunday – Groups 7-9; Monday – Groups 10-11
*Place kickers and special teamers will also workout on Friday.
Workout (timing, stations, skill drills), Departure
Saturday – Groups 1-3; Sunday – Groups 4-6
Monday – Groups 7-9; Tuesday – Groups 10-11
OGGOA will offer full coverage of the combine throughout the event.
Story highlights The plane suffers mechanical failure, and the pilots eject
U.S. Navy ship searches for them, and a helicopter picks them up
(CNN) The U.S. Navy rescued two Saudi Arabia air force pilots from the Gulf of Aden, a U.S. military official said Friday.
The pilots had ejected from their F-15 aircraft after it suffered mechanical failure, Saudi officials told U.S. sources. The two were not seriously injured.
The USS Sterett, a guided-missile destroyer, coordinated the search, while the USS New York looked for the men. A rescue helicopter flew from Djibouti to retrieve them on Thursday.
Saudi Arabia is leading a coalition military operation to quell a rebellion by Houthi militias in Yemen. The United States supports the operation, but is not participating in it.
Three U.S. Navy ships are standing by in the Gulf of Aden for future recovery operations. U.S. manned aircraft are not permitted to fly in Yemen airspace under the current rules of engagement.
By now there is no doubt that Justin Gaethje is one of the most talented and entertaining fighters currently competing outside of the UFC. The undefeated World Series of Fighting lightweight champion is a throwback, a no-nonsense pugilist who lives by the credos of forward pressure and ruthless aggression. And once Gaethje puts their title on the line against Ozzy Dugulubgov at WSOF 33, it will kick off a three-month span that could end up being among the most important of their fighting career.
Ahead of WSOF 33, Gaethje told MMA Fighting that they have two bouts remaining on their WSOF contract. That deal, negotiated in June 2015 alongside deals with two other homegrown stars of WSOF -- Marlon Moraes and David Branch -- made Gaethje one of the highest-paid lightweights fighting outside of the UFC. And it will likely run its course by the end of the year, as Gaethje says that barring injury, they have been promised a spot on the promotion's Dec. 31 venture into New York, with their opponent depending largely on how WSOF 33 plays out.
After that, Gaethje will be their own man, a world-ranked fan-favorite free to negotiate their services to the highest bidder, as is the trend in today's mixed martial arts landscape. And while Gaethje won't commit one way or another on free agency by focusing their gaze too far ahead, if 2016 closes out the way they plan, the undefeated 27-year-old could find plenty of interest in those services.
"I'm a business person, and I wasn't in the position I am right now three fights ago (when I re-signed with WSOF)," Gaethje says. "Like a lot of guys do, they'll try to go to the UFC too early and you get thrown to the wolves on a minimum contract. That's not a smart way to go.
"We're our own contractors, so we have fight for whoever appreciates our skills the most. And for me, World Series of Fighting treats me unbelievably. I'm one of the top-paid athletes in the organization, deservedly so. I've got just as many fights as anybody and more knockouts than anybody in this company, so I think I should be getting paid more than anybody in this company. I don't know if I am or not, but I'm content with what I'm getting paid right now. I know it's a lot more than a lot of top-10 lightweights in the world are getting paid, so I'm happy with World Series. They treat me well, they put me out there. They could do a little more promotion, but other than that, it's money."
Gaethje isn't joking when they talk about their pay. In their most recent disclosed purse, Gaethje cashed $100,000 on the first fight of their renegotiated deal at WSOF 23. Their subsequent title defense at WSOF 29 took place under the Colorado State Boxing Commission, an entity which withholds purse information. However, for the sake of comparison, Branch earned $130,000 on the second fight of their own restructured deal while Moraes earned $160,000 for a similar outing.
So it stands to reason that Gaethje will make a pretty penny on the remaining two fights of their WSOF deal -- which leads to a fascinating question, as well as a crossroads Gaethje will likely face if they continue their winning ways: with the UFC rarely in the business of offering big-ticket contracts to fighters lacking in star power, the time may come when Gaethje is forced to make a decision whether money matters most to them or the glory of fighting the world's best.
And that decision is a difficult one to make.
"The damage I take, especially with the way I fight, when it comes down to putting pen on paper, if you're going to shortchange me and then not appreciate my skills, then I'm not going to be able to trust in you as a business," Gaethje says. "So I'm not going to be willing to put my life on the line, at the end of the day, if you're not going to appreciate my skills. So no, I'm not going to take a pay cut. I don't think I should take a pay cut. I think if someone wants me, they should have to pay me top dollar. Especially if I get two more knockouts this year, there's no way in hell I'm taking a pay cut. I'll literally laugh in their face if they try to."
The reality of choosing between securing a comfortable future in a sport with limited earning windows or pursuing their dreams among the best in the world is one that Gaethje knows they may have to reconcile once the time comes. Yet still, it would be tough to turn down the chance to truly test himself, especially now that Gaethje believes they finally are coming into their own as one of the best 155-pound fighters on the planet.
"I keep saying I'm the best in the world and I'm a coward because I'm not putting myself in position to fight the best in the world," Gaethje says matter-of-factly. "If you want to be the best, you have to fight the best, and they're not in Bellator, they're not in World Series.
"You watch one of my highlights videos, you know I belong with any lightweight in the world. Not one of them is going to come in there and have a great time, walk out of there unscathed unless they get a lucky 13-second knockout. But yeah, man, I can't say I'm the best in the world without ever wanting to fight the best in the world. So I would be lying if I said I did not want to fight Eddie Alvarez right now."
When it comes to Alvarez, it would be foolish to think Gaethje fails to see what is happening to their lightweight brethren competing across WSOF's borders. Alvarez and the sport's biggest superstar, Conor McGregor, are scheduled to make millions of dollars for their champion versus champion superfight at Madison Square Garden at UFC 205. McGregor has already pocketed several seven-figure fight purses over the past few years, and the Irishman's creativity and flair for promotion have influenced the game in a major way, helping to spearhead a focus on business acumen rather than settling for less than what a fighter may be worth, as has been the custom in mixed martial arts for years.
The rise of free agency and the growing support for a fighter's union has also happened concurrently to McGregor's run, and as someone who has always valued entertainment over winning, Gaethje believes the increase in financial awareness among fighters is a welcome evolution from the archaic business models of past decades.
"Once you hear that the top promotion in the world is making 2,000-percent on their investment -- I haven't made 2,000-percent on my investment and I started at four years old, so that's something that you better pay attention to," Gaethje says. "You cannot get left behind in this sport, especially where you're putting your health on the line.
"I can see how people don't understand, but I've sparred with some of the biggest names in the sport, and I knew a long time ago that there was no difference between the companies. It's all about the position you're in right now. And I wasn't as good (of a fighter before), but I get better every time. I have a great coach, Trevor Wittman, so I get better. Three fights ago, I wasn't as confident that I was the best in the world. Right now, I know for a fact that no one is going to step in the cage and have fun and run through me."
It would be easy for someone in Gaethje's position to drive themselves crazy thinking about future possibilities, but Gaethje knows that all of those discussions are, for now, out of their hands. They will entertain the questions simply because they are almost all they are asked; however their focus remains on the present, as it always has been, because there is still much left to be decided in their story, and all it would take is one Dugulubgov left hook to kill everything they have worked toward.
So as WSOF 33 approaches, Gaethje only vows one thing for certain about how their next chapter of their fighting life is going to play out.
"It's going to be the same as always," they promise, turning their focus to Dugulubgov. "I'm going to put pressure, you're going to try to figure it out. You sit there and you're backing up and you're like, ‘just let me breathe, please just let me take a breath.' And I'm not going to give them space. They throw their spinning back kick, they need space to do all of that. They could get lucky and knock me out in two minutes, five minutes, 10 minutes, but the whole time I'm going to be pushing forward and trying to finish him. I think my pressure, people do not understand what it feels like to not have any space for a second. It is suffocating. And then you're asleep."
Andy Warhol gets another 15 minutes
Exhibition at
The Frist Center For The Visual Arts
in Nashville, Tennessee
WARHOL LIVE
Music and Dance in Andy Warhol's work
This exhibition presents the first comprehensive multimedia exploration of the central role of music and dance in Andy Warhol's work. Although they never composed music or choreographed dance, the influence of these two “live” art forms was felt in almost every medium they explored: drawing, filmmaking, graphic design, installation, painting, performance, photography, printmaking, sculpture, stage design, and television.
The famous Rolling Stones album cover for “Sticky Fingers”
“Warhol's view of the world and the art they created left indelible marks on our culture,” said Frist Center Chief Curator Mark Scala.
“His genius was to challenge the art world's sacred cows — originality, the painter's touch, the belief in art as psychological revelation — which they believed were irrelevant in postwar America, an era defined by materialism and the mass production of consumer goods, an obsession with celebrity and a burgeoning understanding of the impact of mass media.”
An early highlight in the Warhol exhibit is a selection of album covers the artist designed between 1949 and their death in 1987.
Along with Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake, the covers include the music of Count Basie, Artie Shaw, Aretha Franklin, Diana Ross, the Velvet Underground, Blondie and the Rolling Stones, all on loan from Montreal collector Paul Marechal.
Andy Warhol pioneer
While Andy Warhol created some of the most memorable paintings of their generation, they also expanded the traditional role of the artist. Moving between disciplines with dazzling ease, Warhol revealed themselves to be not only a pioneer of multimedia installation, performance, and sound art, but also a model of the artist attuned to their time. The exhibition will run from June 24 until September 11.
Warhol Live: Music and Dance in Andy Warhol's Work is produced by the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts in partnership with The Andy Warhol Museum, one of the four Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh.
MMXIV
Offline
Activity: 252
Merit: 120
Full MemberActivity: 252Merit: 120
Re: [ANN] Maieuticoin [M] | Formerly MMXIV | Pure Proof of Stake (50%) | Multipool September 03, 2014, 01:21:16 AM #1462 Quote from: thatguy42 on September 03, 2014, 12:50:46 AM Quote from: MMXIV on September 02, 2014, 08:58:43 PM Quote from: thatguy42 on September 02, 2014, 08:05:02 PM Quote from: MMXIV on September 02, 2014, 05:42:28 PM Quote from: xZork on September 02, 2014, 04:54:27 PM
Just got back from out of town and noticed I have some bonus coin! What a pleasant surprise, Thanks!
No problem. I've been using the unclaimed MMXIV from the chain switch to do giveaways to random miners on the multipool. Thanks for mining with us!
No problem. I've been using the unclaimed MMXIV from the chain switch to do giveaways to random miners on the multipool. Thanks for mining with us!
Unclaimed MMXIV, does that mean taking from people who couldn't get your wallet to work?
I can't find out how this coin works yet.
Can I mine MMXIV, if it's POS? Do only rich wallets mine?
Is this now a coin, for rich kids born with a silver spoon?
90% of the world is poor, so this coin is not for average people?
How many coins will be mined? Unclaimed MMXIV, does that mean taking from people who couldn't get your wallet to work?I can't find out how this coin works yet.Can I mine MMXIV, if it's POS? Do only rich wallets mine?Is this now a coin, for rich kids born with a silver spoon?90% of the world is poor, so this coin is not for average people?How many coins will be mined?
There was a month to convert coins to the new chain. I asked you on the last page what wallet problems you had, with no response, as well as posted a new client for you to try, with no response whether it worked or not
There was a month to convert coins to the new chain. I asked you on the last page what wallet problems you had, with no response, as well as posted a new client for you to try, with no response whether it worked or not
Post number 1455 answered what the error was.
Post number 1456 did not solve the problem.
I have seen no reason to repeat what was already posted.
How are MMXIV coins mined now? It's taking forever to read all the pages to get any info.
From what understand, everyone who didn't read your posts for a month, lost their coins.
These stolen coins are given to miners who go to a "special pool", to mine altcoins for a rich wallet that makes and sells MMXIV coins.
The only way to get MMXIV coins now, is to mine on a "special pool" for altcoins, and then sell the altcoins for MMXIV coins.
What's the purpose for special multipool. I already use a multipool; seems smarter to use a multipool that is reliable.
Are MMXIV coins still POS on an exchange?
Is the only way to get new MMXIV coins, to buy from a rich wallet?
Post number 1455 answered what the error was.Post number 1456 did not solve the problem.I have seen no reason to repeat what was already posted.How are MMXIV coins mined now? It's taking forever to read all the pages to get any info.From what understand, everyone who didn't read your posts for a month, lost their coins.These stolen coins are given to miners who go to a "special pool", to mine altcoins for a rich wallet that makes and sells MMXIV coins.The only way to get MMXIV coins now, is to mine on a "special pool" for altcoins, and then sell the altcoins for MMXIV coins.What's the purpose for special multipool. I already use a multipool; seems smarter to use a multipool that is reliable.Are MMXIV coins still POS on an exchange?Is the only way to get new MMXIV coins, to buy from a rich wallet?
Well I can't read minds to know that the client we posted yesterday to try to fix errors for like 2 people didn't work, but I have a feeling you didn't even try the new wallet. You still haven't even told me what won't work, so I'm not sure how you would like us to fix an issue that we aren't aware of
If you want to think I stole them (after a month with many, many posts, as well as huge red letters at both the top and bottom of the OP), then sure...I stole them, whatever
Yes, you can mine on our multipool to get them. We offer 4 mining algorithms now (SHA256, Scrypt, x11, and x13). You can no longer mine M other than on our multipool (which mines other coins, sells them, and buys, then pays out, in Maieuticoin). You can use another multipool if you want, but you won't get paid in Maieuticoin
Other than our pool, yes, the only way to get them is to buy them
Quote from: warrensgun on September 03, 2014, 01:20:41 AM TL;DR
so if I find my MMXIV wallet file - and open the client - I guess I'll be pleased to see it has a zero balance since the dev has given away the coins I mined. Because silly me - why would you presume that after you mine a coin and let it sit that the dev would make a hard fork and then give away the unclaimed coins. Sorry to be late to the party - but keeping up on every alt coin is about impossible. Enjoy the 4.5 coins you gave away. I'll chalk it up as a forced charitable donation - kind of like what obama wants - wealth redistribution.
Think of it how you want to. Everyone had over a month to trade them in. It's funny you guys are coming here the day after the deadline to call it shady after, allegedly, not checking this thread for what, 5 weeks? Pretty coincidental... Well I can't read minds to know that the client we posted yesterday to try to fix errors for like 2 people didn't work, but I have a feeling you didn't even try the new wallet. You still haven't even told me what won't work, so I'm not sure how you would like us to fix an issue that we aren't aware ofIf you want to think I stole them (after a month with many, many posts, as well asat both the top and bottom of the OP), then sure...I stole them, whateverYes, you can mine on our multipool to get them. We offer 4 mining algorithms now (SHA256, Scrypt, x11, and x13). You can no longer mine M other than on our multipool (which mines other coins, sells them, and buys, then pays out, in Maieuticoin). You can use another multipool if you want, but you won't get paid in MaieuticoinOther than our pool, yes, the only way to get them is to buy themThink of it how you want to. Everyone had over a month to trade them in. It's funny you guys are coming here the day after the deadline to call it shady after, allegedly, not checking this thread for what, 5 weeks? Pretty coincidental...
Copyright by WKBN - All rights reserved
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WKBN) - Senator Sherrod Brown said they want to stop surprise billing by hospitals.
Brown stopped in Youngstown to outline a new bill which aims to protect patients from costly medical bills after unintentionally receiving care from an out-of-network provider. The "End Surprise Billing Act" would require all hospitals that participate in the Medicare program to have increased billing transparency with patients regarding potential out-of-network providers.
The bill would also:
Require hospitals to provide two written notices to insured individuals, clarifying whether the hospital or physician is an in-network provider, and estimating any potential out-of-network fees for the scheduled service;
Require hospitals to obtain signed, informed consent from the individual seeking services from an out-of-network hospital or provider at least 24 hours in advance of the service;
Simplify the billing process by prohibiting providers that fail to provide the above notices or obtain signed, informed consent from charging more than what that individual would have paid had the provider been in-network; and
Protect individuals experiencing a medical emergency from surprise billing by prohibiting providers from charging more than the in-network cost of a service.
Brown said surveys show that up to 40 percent of insured Americans experience surprise medical bills in which a patient's insurance company covers less of the cost than expected. They said often, the bills are small and many people don't fight it. But sometimes, the charges can be thousands of dollars.
.
(Reuters) - The U.S. Coast Guard said on Friday it was searching for a 735-foot cargo ship with 33 crew aboard reported to be caught in powerful Hurricane Joaquin near Crooked Island, Bahamas.
The container ship El Faro was en route to San Juan, Puerto Rico from Jacksonville, Florida when the Coast Guard received a satellite notification that the ship had lost propulsion and was listing heavily. The crew reported flooding had been contained.
The Coast Guard has dispatched a search and rescue aircraft from Clearwater, Florida and was seeking to contact the ship.
Joaquin, a potentially catastrophic Category 4 hurricane, is about 40 miles (65 km) south-southwest of San Salvador, Bahamas with maximum sustained winds of 130 miles per hour (215 kph).
It has started bringing swells to parts of the southeastern coast of the United States, the National Hurricane Center said.
(The story is refiled to capitalize Coast Guard in headline)
Posted by Vic Ketchman, packers.com editor on August 18, 2014 – 1:57 pm
GREEN BAY–Coach Mike McCarthy delivered good news at their post-practice press conference on Monday. Tight end Brandon Bostick's lower leg injury is not season ending.
“He's going to be a couple of weeks,” McCarthy said, adding that surgery is not necessary.
McCarthy defended the play of tackle Derek Sherrod.
“We have two more weeks to get ready. Derek Sherrod did a lot of good things. They had a couple of plays he'd like to have back. We're progressing nicely there,” McCarthy said.
The Packers are in Week 3 of the preseason, which is traditionally a game in which starters play the longest and teams game plan as they would in a regular-season week.
“I don't think it's as big an emphasis for us this year because of how early we went to an in-season schedule,” McCarthy said.
The Packers head coach said Monday's practice “was our best tempo of the year.”
Rookie Jayrone Elliott registered three sacks in Saturday's game in St. Louis.
“Young man that's taken advantage of every opportunity he's been given,” McCarthy said.
Packers.com has provided a full practice report following locker room interviews.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Posted in Packers.com Blog
A spirit week at one Florida school was canceled after a group of students who dubbed called themselves 'rednecks' displayed a Confederate flag on 'Culture Day'.
The incident took place on Wednesday on the campus of Osceola County High School during what the group of students called 'Kowboy Day', in which students are encouraged to dress in western attire, according to WFTV.
Purity Maingi, 16, contacted the station on Wednesday and reported the 'disturbing' incident.
A spirit week at one Florida school was canceled after a group of students who dubbed called themselves 'rednecks' displayed a Confederate flag on 'Culture Day'. Purity Maingi (pictured), 16, reported the 'disturbing' incident on Wednesday
Video also showed students running back into the school building, after the Confederate flag (file image) and the flag with 'redneck' scrolled on it, caused a disruption. The incident was serious enough for school administrators to cancel the remainder of spirit week
'It really bothered me. It was a whole group of people and not one of them thought, "This is wrong. It's going to affect people." It affected me. I couldn't just look at it and look away,' they told WFTV.
Purity took photos of the students that showed them in flannels and cowboy boots posing with the flags.
Video also showed students running back into the school building, after the Confederate flag and the flag with 'redneck' scrolled on it, caused a disruption.
The incident was serious enough for school administrators to cancel the remainder of spirit week and students will not be permitted to dress up for themed days.
School officials did say the school will still have its dance and football game.
Osceola School District spokesperson Dana Schafer told WKMG that the students involved in the incident will 'receive consequences in accordance with [the] code of conduct'.
On Thursday, the Kissimmee Police Department said it investigated the disruption on campus.
But authorities determined it was not a credible threat.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO – Very high tides are creating a quite a show at coastal restaurants, including the Marine Room in La Jolla.
Thursday morning, a so-called king tide brought waves crashing against the windows at the Marine Room near La Jolla Cove. Video sent to FOX 5 by Chef Bernard Guillas showed wave after wave splashing against the iconic restaurant's picture windows.
The unusually high tides have been pushing the surf further inland than normal this week. Wednesday, they caused flooding at La Jolla Shores. Another high tide on Christmas Day may cause flooding in low-lying beach areas along the immediate coast, including in Imperial Beach, South Mission Beach, La Jolla Shores, Cardiff-by-the-Sea and Oceanside.
A coastal flood advisory will expire at 10 a.m. Friday.
In OS X Mavericks, Apple will begin migrating from its own legacy Apple Filing Protocol to Microsoft's SMB2 in an effort to enhance performance, security and cross platform file sharing.
From AFP to SMB2
From Samba to SMBX
SMB2 is superfast, increases security, and improves Windows compatibility.
Support for Windows ACLs; NTFS remains read only
Macs running OS X 10.9 Mavericks will automatically default to using SMB2 when talking to each other, and fall back to AFP when file sharing with Macs running previous versions of OS X or when working with Time Machine backups.Apple has maintained and enhanced its own AFP file sharing since it was first introduced in the late 1980s as part of the original Macintosh's easy-to-use AppleTalk networking system (below). The company then transitioned AFP from its own proprietary AppleTalk transport to the Internet's TCP/IP, where it has remained the default protocol for Mac to Mac "personal file sharing" on OS X.SMB ("Server Message Block") originated at IBM, but was popularized and greatly expanded by Microsoft as the default Windows File Sharing protocol. Like Apple, Microsoft transitioned its SMB file sharing protocol from its original NetBIOS transport to TCP/IP.In the late 90s, Microsoft attempted to rename SMB as CIFS (the "Common Internet File System") in an effort to make it sound more like a cross platform standard, although the new name and the use of SMB as the Internet's file sharing protocol never really took off.While proprietary to Microsoft, the SMB protocol was reverse engineered to create the Samba open source project to allow Unix-like operating systems to share files with Windows PCs. Apple incorporated Samba into OS X 10.2 to support file and network directory services with Windows PCs, resulting in the simple option to enable Windows File Sharing on Macs.With the release of Windows Vista, Microsoft greatly revamped SMB to clear out old legacy complications and enhance its performance, capabilities and security. This resulted in SMB2. Microsoft further enhanced its SMB2 protocol with version 2.1 in Windows 7 and a 2.2 version for Windows 8 that is also referred to as SMB 3.0. Apple doesn't distinguish between these variants in its own documentation.Samba didn't initially support Microsoft's new SMB2; additionally, the project decided to move its future development (including support for SMB2) to the more strict GPLv3 license. That prevented Apple from realistically using the software commercially.For OS X 10.7 Lion, Apple wrote its own software for Windows File Sharing under the name "SMBX" to replace Samba, adding initial support for Microsoft's SMB2 at the same time.Rather than maintaining both AFP and SMBX in parallel, Apple is now consolidating its future efforts in its own implementation of Microsoft's SMB2 protocol. Macs running OS X 10.9 Mavericks will use SMB2 as their default file sharing protocol when connecting to each other or to PCs running Windows Vista, 7 or 8.In a public technology overview , Apple says, "SMB2 is superfast, increases security, and improves Windows compatibility."The company also outlines that "SMB2 features Resource Compounding, allowing multiple requests to be sent in a single request. In addition, SMB2 can use large reads and writes to make better use of faster networks as well as large MTU support for blazing speeds on 10 Gigabit Ethernet. It aggressively caches file and folder properties and uses opportunistic locking to enable better caching of data. Its even more reliable, thanks to the ability to transparently reconnect to servers in the event of a temporary disconnect."Apple will continue to support AFP for file sharing with Macs running previous versions of OS X and with Time Machine backup systems. OS X Mavericks also includes support for NFS v3 and v4, which are commonly used on Linux and Oracle's Solaris for automounting file shares.Apple's development of OS X has similarly incorporated other technologies from Microsoft's Windows, including support for Windows-style ACLs (Access Control Lists), a more robust and fine-grained system for implementing file-based permissions that offered a variety of improvements over the existing BSD Unix-style permissions used in prior versions of OS X.Support for ACLs, introduced in OS X 10.4 Tiger in 2004, helped enhance connectivity between Macs and PCs and Windows Active Directory services.In terms of file systems, OS X Mavericks continues to use HFS+, with support for file system journaling. OS X continues to support Microsoft's basic FAT32 file system and includes read-only support for Windows' default NTFS.
Whether you consider winning at Scrabble a case of extreme luck or supreme spelling ability, here are 10 words that—if conditions are right—will help you trump any opponent.
1. OXYPHENBUTAZONE
Definition: An anti-inflammatory medication used to treat arthritis and bursitis.
Conditions: The theoretically highest-possible scoring word under American Scrabble play—as calculated by Dan Stock of Ohio—has never actually been played … and probably never will (unless you're really, really lucky). That's because it has to be played across three triple word score squares and built on eight already-played (and perfectly positioned) tiles.
Points: 1778
2. QUIZZIFY
Definition: To quiz or question.
Conditions: Not only will you need to draw the game's only Q and Z tiles (there's only one of each), but a blank tile, too (in place of the second Z). Play this verb as your first word across two triple word squares with the Z on a double letter score square and you've got the game's most valuable eight-letter bingo.
Points: 419
3. OXAZEPAM
Definition: An anti-anxiety drug.
Conditions: All that stress will melt away if you can build on one existing letter, play across two triple word score squares, place one of the most valuable tiles (i.e. X or Z) on a double letter score square and net a 50-point bingo.
Points: 392
4. QUETZALS
Definition: The national bird of Guatemala as well as one of its monetary units.
Conditions: Placement is everything to score this whopper of a word: Building on one letter, use all seven letters on your rack for a 50-point bingo, with Q and S on triple word score squares and Z on a double letter score space.
Points: 374
5. QUIXOTRY
Definition: A romantic or quixotic idea or action.
Conditions: In 2007, Michael Cresta used an already-played R and all seven of their tiles across two triple word score squares to earn the most points ever on a single turn, which aided in a second record for the full-time carpenter: the highest-ever individual game score (830 points).
Points: 365
6. GHERKINS
Definition: A small pickle, made from an immature cucumber.
Conditions: In 1985, Robert Kahn paid tribute to the pickle at the National Scrabble Championship in Boston—using an E and R already on the board—to set a record for a non-bingo word score.
Points: 180
7. QUARTZY
Definition: Resembling quartz.
Conditions: Quartzy held the record for highest-ever single turn score until Quixotry nearly doubled its total in 2007. Play it across a triple word score square with Z as a double letter score, and get a 50-point bingo for using all seven letters on your rack.
Points: 164
8. MUZJIKS
Definition: A Russian peasant.
Conditions: On its own (with no bonuses or extra points), muzjiks is worth an impressive 29 points. But exhaust all of your tiles on your first turn to spell it, and you'll earn more than four times that—which is what player Jesse Inman did at the National Scrabble Championship in Orlando in 2008 to earn the record for highest opening score.
Points: 126
9. SYZYGY
Definition: An alignment of three celestial bodies.
Conditions: Forget trying to pronounce it (though, for the record, it's "SIZ-i-jee"). Instead, just remember how to spell it—and that it's worth 21 points au naturel. You'll need one blank tile to make up for the lack of Ys (there are only two in the game). For a higher total, land the Z on a double letter score square and the final Y on a triple word score square.
Points: 93
10. ZA
Definition: Slang term for pizza.
Conditions: Big words are great and all, but two-letter words can also score big—and be especially annoying to your opponent. Build on two As—one directly below, the other directly to the right of a triple letter square—to spell this two-letter delectable across and down.
Points: 62
A big theme of the site has been the political disenfranchisement of men through the political process by stopping them from being able to stand as MP's or other candidates. This is down to the invidious all-women shortlists used by the Labour Party (Labour used it 58 times at last year's General Election) and A-lists/quotas and other discriminatory tactics used by the Conservatives (Four of their MEPs are sitting in Brussels solely because they are women).
Only 22% (143 of 650, an improvement from 128 in 2005) MP's are women but that is down to Labour's defeat (few of those 58 got elected and many others who were previously MP's because of all-women shortlists also lost - ex Home Secretary Jacqui Smith being an obvious example). Of course, this is irrelevant to the big battalions from the Fawcett Society, who see anti-female discrimination everywhere - a form of Feminist McCarthyism.
However, it is apparent that Labour are continuing with the practice in:
Dover
Harlow
Reading West
Worcester (Labour councillor resigns in protest)
Peterborough (plus this from the local elections Peterborough)
Stevenage
Swindon South
Hastings & Rye
Northampton North
Lincoln
Thurrock
Brighton Kemptown
Burton or Redditch
No man in those seats should vote Labour when men have banned from standing.
Now the Liberal Democrats are getting in on the act. They have announced specialist leadership programmes for women only and also want to fiddle the selection process so it is heavily skewed towards women (Guardian). Basically it is an A-List similar to the one adopted by the Conservatives for its 2010 selection round. This is where there were 100 people on the A-List and only they could apply for the best seats and explicitly over 50% on the A-Lists were women.
Rather than try to find out why do not want to stand and whether they are bothered about it, the parties bring in rules to stop men from seeking office on the sole criteria that they are men. This sexism is probably the most serious of all, because men are being prevented from getting into the legislature. That is what is called British democracy these days.
Posted by Skimmington
SAUDI Arabia has scrambled its air force for strikes in Lebanon amid fears of a new war in the Middle East, according to reports.
The kingdom has mobilised its F-15 fighter jet fleet ito launch a military operation against the Iranian-backed terrorist militia of Hezbollah in Lebanon, regional news website The Baghdad Post reports. Saudi Arabia previously accused both Lebanon and Iran of commiting an act of wars against it after rebels fired a missile at the King Khalid International Airport in the kingdom's capital of Riyadh. Yesterday, Saudi Arabia ordered its citizens to leave Lebanon escalating fears of war to new heights – which the US have dubbed grounds for a “proxy war”. Hezbollah are the most powerful military and political force in Lebanon and receives major support from Iran. Reports now state the Royal Saudi Air Force has placed its warplanes on alert to launch strikes as the region sits on a knife edge.
Trump vs Iran: Iranian people BURN effigies of Donald Trump As tension between the US and Iran mounts, with President Donald Trump rattling their sabres ever louder, Iranians take to the street to protest. 1 / 11 The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Imag Iranian people burn an effigy of U.S. President Donald Trump.
“The United States cautions against any party” Tillerson Hezbollah said on Friday that Saudi Arabia had declared war on Lebanon after the nation was accused of holding their Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri against theirs will. The PM resigned while on a visit to Riyadh last Saturday, which was dubbed as an "insult" to Lebanon. Hariri's resignation has plunged Lebanon into crisis, thrusting into the centre of the rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran.
GETTY FIGHTER JETS: Saudi Arabia as placed its air force on alert – according to reports
GETTY MIDDLE EAST: Iran is one of the largest and most volatile powers in the region
The region sits on a knife-edge as the power struggle between Iran and Saudi Arabia looks set to draw their neighbours into a major war. Thamer al-Sabhan, the Saudi minister for Gulf affairs, said the Lebanese government would now “be dealt with as a government declaring war on Saudi Arabia” over “acts of agressionn” by Hezbollah. Ex-prime minister Hariri has blamed Iran for the growing conflict – claiming Hezbollah are “Iran's arm” in Lebanon.
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard show why they are the SUPREME power in the Middle East As Donald Trump rattles their sabres at the Islamic republic, we take a look at the army he'd be up against. 1 / 26 AFP/Getty Images A Bassiji (Iranian Revolutionary Guard) waves their gun next to an effigy of Uncle Sam in Tehran in 2000
US secretary of state Rex Tillerson warned the region not to star a war in the Middle East – and urged Iran to back down for its support of Hezbollah. They said: “The United States supports the stability of Lebanon and is opposed to any actions that could threaten that stability. “The United States cautions against any party, within or outside Lebanon, using Lebanon as a venue for proxy conflicts or in any manner contributing to instability in that country.”
GETTY US FORCES: Trump's top diplomat Rex Tillerson called for peace in the Middle East
USS Thunderbolt: the America WARSHIP that fired on Iranian boatn The USS Thunderbolt reportedly fired a warning shot at an Iranian boat in the Persian Gulf as US-Iran tensions reach fever pitch 1 / 5 Creative Commons Patrol coastal ship USS Thunderbolt (PC 12), front, transits alongside other PCs during a formation exercise
Staff Writers
Sharks rookie Tommy Wingels will never forget the reaction when the student-manager of their college hockey team stood up at a team meeting and announced that they were gay.
“There wasn't a reaction,” Wingels said. “Nobody cared. They were just Brendan and the guy who was a friend to all of us. It didn't change the way they reacted around us and it didn't change the way we acted around him.”
Wingels wishes the rest of the sports world could take that approach. To advance that cause, they provided the financial backing and joined the advisory board of the Can Play Project, an organization that was created in the memory of Brendan Burke, the student-manager on Wingels' college hockey team at Miami University. Burke, the son of Toronto Maple Leafs general manager Brian Burke, died in a 2009 car accident. Their death came less than a year after he'd shared their story with their teammates.
“After the accident we stayed in touch with Tommy and they always said they wanted to do anything they could to help carry on Brendan's legacy,” said Patrick Burke, Brendan's brother and a scout for the Philadelphia Flyers. “When I told them about the idea for You Can Play, they jumped at it.”
The project takes its name from a phrase often used by Brendan: “If you can play, you can play.”
Wingels and another college teammate, Andy Miele, now with the Phoenix Coyotes organization, were the first players to answer the call. Now there are 39 players supporting the project through personal endorsements and videos. Among them are some of the biggest names in hockey, including Boston Bruins captain Zdeno Chara and New York Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist.
“Our first two checks that were ever written to get us off the ground were done by Tommy Wingels and Andy Miele,” Patrick Burke said. “I think it's pretty safe to say that without those two, we wouldn't be in the position we are today.”
The project is gaining visibility through a series of public service announcements on TV and on arena video boards. The “You Can Play” video with Wingels is shown at Sharks games between the first and second periods.
“I'm fully behind it,” Sharks coach Todd McLellan said of Wingels work. “I think it's a great cause. Everybody chooses to live their lives their own way and we have to appreciate that.”
Wingels isn't the only Bay Area connection to the project. Rick Welts, the president of the Golden State Warriors, also sits on the advisory board. Sean Maddison, a San Francisco-based freelancer working with CSN-Bay Area on Sharks telecasts, has produced several of the videos, including those featuring Wingels, Dallas Stars captain Brendan Morrow and Edmonton Oilers forward Ryan Jones.
Brendan Burke was a high school goalie who stopped playing hockey because they feared their sexual orientation might present problems in the future. Getting to know Burke, and their story, is what convinced Wingels that the sports culture needed to change .
“He was just an easy-going guy with a great sense of humor.” said Wingels, who spoke at Brendan's memorial service. “He got along with everybody. They just had this knack of building relationships with people. That's why they didn't want to hide it. They just wanted to say, ‘This is who I am. I want to be open about it.' They didn't want to promote anything. But they felt like, ‘These are my friends, and I want to be open.”'
Wingels acknowledged they were unsure how the “You Can Play” project would be received.
“Obviously when you start something like that you don't know how it's going to be taken, you don't know who's willing to help out. The reception it's had around the league is a great starting point,” they said.
Rather than publicize the entire list of NHL players backing their cause, the organizers of the project are releasing the information in small bits, one or two players at a time to heighten and extend interest. Wingels said other Sharks have shown interest, but no names have yet been released.
And while the group was prepared for negative reaction, Patrick Burke said opposition has not materialized. They theorize that the limited scope of the project works in its favor.
“All we do is sports,” they said, noting the group steers clear of more controversial issues such as marriage equality or the military. “The fact that our entire policy is built around ‘treat your teammates with respect,' and that's where it ends — I think it's tough to take a position that's opposed to that.”
The bigger issue in sports is what happens when an active professional athlete in one of the major team sports — baseball, football, basketball or hockey — comes out as a gay man.
Persuading someone to do that is not the mission of the “You Can Play” project. Fostering a more accepting environment in which that can happen is.
“We just want to create an atmosphere where if someone's ready, they're able to do that,” Wingels said. “We're trying to eliminate the casual homophobia in the game and in the locker room… It's not just hockey we're talking about. It's sports in general. We want people to be judged on their talent. Nothing else should really matter.”
Contact David Pollak at dpollak@mercurynews.com. Contact Mark Emmons at memmons@mercurynews.com
STEUBENVILLE, Ohio (AP) - A school superintendent accused of misleading authorities investigating the rape of a girl by two high school football players resigned from the district, prompting prosecutors to drop the charges.
Jury selection in the trial of suspended Steubenville schools superintendent Mike McVey was to begin Monday, but the Ohio Attorney General's office agreed to dismiss all pending charges against them following their resignation.
McVey, who pleaded not guilty to felony charges of obstructing justice and tampering with evidence, had been accused of destroying data related to the school's investigation of the August 2012 rape of the 16-year-old West Virginia girl.
McVey wiped computer hard drives, erased emails and lied to investigators about their knowledge of the allegations against the boys, authorities said.
The charges stemmed from an investigation of McVey's actions after they learned of the allegations made by the girl in 2012 against the two members of the Steubenville High School football team. The teens eventually were found guilty in juvenile court and were sent to youth detention centers and classified as sex offenders. Both have since been released.
The case drew national attention in part because of the role of texting and social media in exposing the attack, which led to allegations that authorities were covering up the actions of football players.
McVey also was accused of concealing knowledge about rumors of sex and drinking at a teen party four months earlier.
McVey's attorney Charles Bean confirmed the resignation and the dropped charges.
Along with their resignation, McVey cannot be employed by the Steubenville school district in the future and can have no contact with anyone involved in the case and related investigation, said Dan Tierney, a spokesperson for the Ohio Attorney General's office.
Judge Patricia Cosgrove agreed to dismiss the charges against McVey, but will not formally do so until she's received confirmation that the school district has accepted the resignation, Tierney said.
A grand jury investigating whether other laws were broken in the case also brought charges against five other adults.
Charges against four of the adults have been resolved. William Rhinaman, the Steubenville schools' former technology director, has pleaded not guilty to charges including tampering with evidence and obstructing justice.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
Holy Buckminster Fuller! Is that a dome on the surface of Mars? A photograph taken by the Opportunity Rover shows what appears to be a dome or dome-topped structure on the Martian surface. Is it real? What is it made of? Does this mean Martians have a football team?
The pictures were taken on Sol 4073 (Martian Day 4073 or 2015-07-10 UTC on Earth) by the Opportunity rover's panoramic camera (Pancam). The structure is easy to spot as it sits forward on a hill and is the largest raised formation in the area. Its isolation and surface – which appears to be different than the surrounding rocks and soil – makes it look like it doesn't belong in the natural layout of the area. If it's not natural, what is it?
A glow or light in the middle of the dome suggests it may be metallic and reflecting sunlight. Or it could be a window emitting internal light. If it is indeed a domed building, a smaller formation to the right of the dome could be a storage facility or living quarters.
While this seems to be the first dome found on Mars, other have been discovered on the surface of the Moon. These so-called “lunar domes” are thought to be the result of ancient eruptions that formed shield volcanoes which are relatively flat and wide. In overhead photos, they appear to be glass domes, which leads some to believe they're not natural but made by humans or past lunar residents.
The Martian dome is higher than the typical lunar dome or shield volcano on the Moon or Earth. Was it made by humans? There are many who believe that humans have visited and even lived on Mars. Was it made by another species? If so, why have we found only one? Could it be a scouting outpost?
What do you think this Martian dome discovered by the Opportunity rover is? Unusual rock formation? Optical illusion, possibly of another hill or mountain behind the hill? Human or alien-made structure? Something else?
During India's Independence movement, there was much admiration for ancient India, emphasising the continuity of India as a country and a dharmic civilisation. From Swami Vivekananda's Yoga-Vedanta revival, to Lokmanya Tilak's back to the Gita message, to Sri Aurobindo and their honouring of the Vedas, to the Ram Rajya ideal that extended to Mahatma Gandhi, this respect for India's past was prominent and proud. Images of Bharata Mata, and songs like Vande Mataram expressed such inspiration. The founders of India's constitution emphasised India as Bharat to show an identity between older and modern India, with no division between the two.
However, after India's independence occurred, leftists and Marxists, including members of the Communist Party, rewrote the country's history books. Like leftists everywhere, they deconstructed India's history and rejected the native religion and culture of the land. They reduced Hinduism to disparate cults and Bharatiya civilisation to a modern myth not reflecting any historical reality. For them, India as a nation was mainly a product of the British and the Mughals that took shape only under Nehru.
In their accounts of history, they turned Islamic invaders, intent on converting the country by force, into secular leaders with a progressive outlook. They gave credence to the British and colonial rule as benefitting the country and its peoples.
Advertisement
New Views Of History
Recently Shashi Tharoor wrote a brilliant book exposing the crimes of the British in India. The British created a colonial narrative that they helped modernise and liberalise India, while in fact they allowed millions to die in famines, engaged in regular brutal atrocities, and suppressed traditional education, learning and culture.
However, similar books as Shashi Tharoor's exposing British rule in India as tyrannical could also be written about the Mughals and other Islamic invaders. Mughal rule commonly practised genocide of Hindus and destruction of temples, not merely by Aurangzeb. Such studies could be made on Tamerlane's genocide of north India and on the older Delhi Sultanate overall – notably Alauddin Khilji, who pillaged India north and south. They could be written on many Islamic invaders and rulers in India over the centuries, some of whom are portrayed as heroes in Indian history books today. But most scholars would not dare conduct such research, as political motives override their willingness to tell the truth.
Advertisement
Some scholars have said that these atrocities, even if true, should not be highlighted today because it may cause discrimination against current Muslims in India who had nothing to do with the brutalities of centuries ago. Yet one could just as well say that Tharoor should not have criticised the British as it might cause discrimination against Christians and hatred of westerners in India today.
Yet history should not be denied, even if unpleasant. The history of the Nazis is not denied to protect the sensitivities of Germans or Europeans today. In addition, it should be noted that Pakistan history books glorify these attacks on India as religiously inspired and their leaders as religious heroes, with Hinduism as degenerate, and India without any great pre-Islamic civilisation.
Enter Bollywood Into Historical Debates
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Bollywood has taken up the cause of rewriting India's history in a way that whitewashes or glorifies the invaders, even turning them into romantic literary figures. Whatever the reasons behind these depictions, they distort history and demean the fierce resistance demonstrated against such attacks. India's resistance to foreign rule and religious conversion goes back to the eighth century, and is not just a fact of the British era.
The Vijayanagar Empire pushed the Delhi Sultanate of Khilji back from the South, and the Marathas defeated the Mughal empire centuries later. Yet, little is portrayed in a positive light about their courageous efforts.
Similar Religious Wars In Europe
Advertisement
Some scholars go so far to say that the Mughals were secular because they had Hindus in their armies that they fought against other Muslims, and that Hindus were also fighting among each other, so religion should not be made into the main motive of their wars. Let us compare this situation to what was happening in Europe at the same time.
When Turkish armies were at the gates of Vienna in the seventeenth century, boasting that they would make Europe Islamic, and the Christian armies, with the support of the Pope were fighting on the other side, there were also some Christians among the Islamic armies and some Muslims among the Christian armies, and the French were attacking the same Holy Roman Empire's to the west for their own local advantage. But all this was secondary to the real battle. One cannot doubt that conversion was the prime focus and it was a religious war.
Need For New Historical Research
Advertisement
Today when scholars try to expose the brutality of Muslim rule, they are judged as politically incorrect, biased or uninformed. But the criticism against them is mainly polemical and personal, distorting or ignoring the actual facts that are to the contrary.
Why does this distortion of history occur? Because it is advantageous to certain political persuasions in India in promoting divisive vote bank politics. It is not a matter of historical accuracy, but a drive for power and a lack of regard for India's dharmic civilisation. This deception must be thoroughly exposed, not to target one group or another, but to reveal the truth. When the truth of history is denied, the future is also put at risk.
Feds order California pot dispensaries to shut down - despite being legal under state laws
Federal prosecutors have launched a crackdown on pot dispensaries in California, warning the stores that they must shut down in 45 days or face criminal charges.
They also threatened to confiscate their property even if they are operating legally under the state's 15-year-old medical marijuana law.
In an escalation of the ongoing conflict between the U.S. government and the nation's burgeoning medical marijuana industry, California's four U.S. attorneys sent letters on Wednesday and Thursday notifying at least 16 pot shops or their landlords that they are violating federal drug laws, even though medical marijuana is legal in California.
Shut down? A worker at a San Francisco medical marijuana dispensary weighs out an amount of cannabis for a patient
The attorneys are scheduled to announce their coordinated crackdown at a Friday news conference. Their offices refused to confirm the closure orders.
HARBOURSIDE Harborside, which recently celebrated its fifth anniversary, serves 94,000 patients with 84 full-time employees and brings in about $22 million in annual revenue.
According to DeAngelo, the centre, set up as a not-for-profit business, pays about $1.1 million in taxes to the city of Oakland, $2 million to the state of California and $500,000 to the federal government.
Copies of the letters that a prosecutor sent to 12 San Diego dispensaries were obtained.
They state that federal law 'takes precedence over state law and applies regardless of the particular uses for which a dispensary is selling and distributing marijuana'.
'Under United States law, a dispensary's operations involving sales and distribution of marijuana are illegal and subject to criminal prosecution and civil enforcement actions,' letters signed by U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy in San Diego read.
'Real and personal property involved in such operations are subject to seizure by and forfeiture to the United States ... regardless of the purported purpose of the dispensary.'
The move comes a little more than two months after the Obama administration toughened its stand on medical marijuana following a two-year period during which federal officials had indicated they would not move aggressively against dispensaries in compliance with laws in the 16 states where pot is legal for people with doctors' recommendations.
Tim Blakeley, manager of Sunset Junction medical marijuana dispensary, shows marijuana plant buds in Los Angeles, California
The effort to shutter California dispensaries appears to be the most far-reaching effort so far to put that guidance into action
The Department of Justice issued a policy memo to federal prosecutors in late June stating that marijuana dispensaries and licensed growers in states with medical marijuana laws could face prosecution for violating federal drug and money-laundering laws.
The effort to shutter California dispensaries appears to be the most far-reaching effort so far to put that guidance into action.
San Diego alone has 150 dispensaries.
STATE LAW
Under state law, the California Compassionate Use Act of 1996 patients and their 'primary caregivers' are protected from criminal prosecution under state law for personal possession and cultivation of marijuana, but NOT for distribution or sale to others.
FEDERAL LAW
Possession, sale, distribution and transportation of marijuana, medical or otherwise, remain completely illegal under federal law.
Under the U.S. Controlled Substances Act (CSA), marijuana is currently classified as a Schedule I drug, meaning that it has no accepted medical use.
'This really shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone. The Administration is simply making good on multiple threats issued since President Obama took office,' Kevin Sabet, a former adviser to the president's drug czar who is a fellow at the University of Pennsylvania's Center for Substance Abuse Solutions. 'The challenge is to balance the scarcity of law enforcement resources and the sanctity of this country's medication approval process.
'It seems like the Administration is simply making good on multiple statements made previously to appropriately strike that balance.'
Greg Anton, a lawyer who represents a Marin Alliance for Medical Marijuana, said the 14-year-old dispensary's landlord received an 'extremely threatening' letter on Wednesday invoking a federal law that imposes additional penalties for selling drugs within 1,000 feet of schools, parks and playgrounds.
The landlord was ordered to evict the pot club or risk imprisonment, plus forfeiture of the property and all the rent they have collected while the dispensary has been in business, Anton said.
A dozen of the world's top heart experts are being brought in to Toronto to learn about complex heart surgery on infants using 3D-printed hearts.
Cardiologists will be practicing techniques using tiny plastic hearts printed by Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children, also known as Sick Kids Hospital.
"It's a tremendous privilege to do what we do. It's also a tremendous responsibility," Dr. Glen Van Arsdell told CTV Toronto's Pauline Chan. Van Arsdell is the head of cardiovascular surgery at Sick Kids.
Van Arsdell called the exercise "next level training," saying that doctors used to have to use photos. Then came 3D computer images, but they were still only visible on a 2D screen.
Now, doctors can use those images from CAT scans or MRIs to create 3D models they can actually cut up and sew.
The life-sized hearts are printed layer by layer using plastics, metals or acrylics, and take seven hours to make. They allow surgeons to practice tricky procedures without risking the lives of their most vulnerable patients.
"Anything that has done to with re-orienting the arteries or making new tunnels, or putting in tubes or patches and grafts, those things we can do (with the models)," Van Arsdell said.
"As a very experienced surgeon, I've done some operations on these models and I can tell you it duplicates the kinds of things you have to do in the operating room."
One of the visiting doctors, Fred Halvorsen, said he's already been sharing information with their colleagues in Norway.
"I've texted them videos and pictures from the course," they told CTV Toronto.
Currently the models are only used for the most complex operations, but doctors are hoping for an increase in funding to allow them to use the technique more often.
"I think in time, it will save lives," Van Arsdell said.
With a report from CTV Toronto's Pauline Chan
Jaromir Jagr is on their way to Calgary.
Jagr is done to CAL. $1M+$1M in bonuses. I think it might not be announced until they get to the city, but there is a commitment. — Elliotte Friedman (@FriedgeHNIC) October 2, 2017
The living legend finally has a destination as Sportsnet's Elliotte Friedman is reporting that the deal is done, and the Flames will sign the future Hall of Famer to a one-year, $1 million contract that contains an extra $1 million in attainable bonuses.
Despite scoring 46 points in 82 games last season, the 45-year-old had trouble getting an NHL contract this summer. It should serve as extra motivation for the league's second all-time leading scorer.
Despite their advanced age, Jagr should make the Flames better. They won't be counted on to lead the team, but should provide a boost to their third line.
Projected #Flames line combinations:
Gaudreau-Monahan-Ferland
Tkachuk-Backlund-Frolik
Versteeg-Bennett-Jagr
Whatever-Whomever-Doesn't Matter — Darren Haynes (@DarrenWHaynes) October 2, 2017
The power play might be where Jagr – who has slowed down in recent years – should help the most.
Jagr is just 56 games away from Gordie Howe's all-time games played record. This will be Jagr's ninth NHL team, and the first time playing in Canada. The Czech winger has played for the Penguins, Capitals, Rangers, Flyers, Stars, Bruins, Devils, and Panthers in their career.
When my wife can't find their keys, I assume it is because they are careless. When I can't find my keys I naturally put it down to bad luck. The curious thing is that they always assume the opposite – that she's the one with the bad luck, and I'm the careless one.
When we observe other people we attribute their behaviour to their character rather than to their situation – my wife's carelessness means they lose their keys, your clumsiness means you trip over, their political opinions mean that they got into an argument.
When we think about things that happen to us the opposite holds. We downplay our own dispositions and emphasise the role of the situation. Bad luck leads to lost keys, a hidden bump causes trips, or a late train results in an unsuccessful job interview – it's never anything to do with us.
This pattern is so common that psychologists have called it the fundamental attribution error. And there's a whole branch of psychology that investigates how we reason about causes for things called attribution theory. The fundamental attribution error is a good example of a quirk in the way we reason about causes, but it isn't the only one. Despite the name, it may not even be the most fundamental.
Seeking causes
Psychologists are interested in attribution of causation because it tells us important things about how the mind works. To illustrate this, imagine you see a man asleep under a tree, and a leaf fluttering down to land on their head. As the leaf touches their head they wake up and shouts "Yikes". Anyone watching this scene would assume the man woke up because of the falling leaf.
But this simple statement is remarkably difficult to prove – you have no direct access to the cause, just the before (a leaf) and after ("Yikes"). We automatically assume the cause. We talk about it like it is a thing – somehow in the middle between the leaf and the man, but really it is just an assumption, not a thing. And indeed, some new information could come along and force us to reconsider our assumptions. We might find out later that a philosophically-minded ant had come along and, just at that minute, decided to bite the sleeping man's hand.
So our causes are assumptions, based on what we perceive but with an extra bit of imagination. They are necessary assumptions. Without looking for causes we would be stuck with a confusing picture of the world. Rather than say "the falling leaf caused the man to wake up", we have to take everything into account and say the following. "The leaf fell. The grass did the same as before. A bird flew between two trees one hundred and thirty yards away. I lost my keys. My Romanian aunt's clock in my Romanian aunt's house continued ticking (on and on and on). The man woke up."
Assuming causes in this way lets us make sense of the world. Not only is it easier to describe, the descriptions tell you how to make things happen (or avoid them – for instance, if you want the man to stay asleep next time, catch the leaf). In this way, attributions are psychological magic that help us control the future. No wonder psychologists find them interesting.
Built on sand
The fundamental attribution error is just a continuation of a wider pattern: we blame individuals for what happens to them because of the general psychological drive to find causes for things. We have an inherent tendency to pick out each other as causes; even from infancy, we pay more attention to things that move under their own steam, that act as if they have a purpose. The mystery is not that people become the focus of our reasoning about causes, but how we manage to identify any single cause in a world of infinite possible causes.
Even the way I described cause-seeking as an "inherent tendency" is part of this pattern. I have no direct access to what causes the results of experiments that have made me think this, just as I would have no direct access to what caused the man to wake as the leaf fell. I assume a thing, hidden, somehow, underneath the experiments – an inherent tendency for humans to identify each other as causes – which I then rely on to tell you what I'm thinking.
That thing might not exist, or might have a reality very different from how I describe it, but we are forced to rely on assumptions to make sense of the world, and these assumptions create a reality of causes and essences that seems solid, despite its uncertain foundation.
This all might sound overly philosophical, but once you are switched on to this tendency to invent essences you'll hear them everywhere. Generalisations or stereotypes such as "women can't do maths" or "Americans don't have a sense of humour" also rely on an invented essence of a sex, or of a nationality, a term that some psychologists have called ultimate attribution error. These views don't have a concrete existence. They are based in imagination, and are subject to all the psychological forces that are at play there.
In more prosaic domestic moments, when it feels like such bad luck that I can't find my keys, yet my wife seems so careless when they can't find hers, I know I'm performing psychological magic. I'm observing the myriad events in the world and imagining things – my bad luck, their carelessness – which I use to explain the world with.
With the knowledge that these explanations can only ever be built on sand, I know to be a bit more careful about how I use them.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
Here is a brief excerpt from my Benghazi chapter in Stonewalled.
MRS. CLINTON'S BENGHAZI CHAPTER
…In a June 18, 2014, interview with Greta Van Susteren of FOX News, Clinton said that their own assessment of the Benghazi attacks “careened from the video had something to do with it, the video had nothing to do with it . . . I was trying to make sense of it.” They also spoke of being confused in the “fog of war,” a phrase that Obama of officials first evoked in the weeks after the attacks—and often re- peated—to help explain why it didn't mount an outside military rescue of the trapped Americans that night.
The thing is, there's little sense of “careening” assessments or the “fog of war” in the documentary evidence recorded at the time.
It was the night of September 11, 2012, and at 5:55 p.m. Eastern time, while the attacks were still under way, a State Department email included a report that “the extremist group Ansar Al Sharia ha[d] taken credit” and U.S. officials had asked Libyan officials to pursue the faction. A few minutes later, an alert from Clinton's State Department Operations Center stated that the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli also reported the Islamic military group Ansar al-Sharia had claimed responsibility and called for an attack on the embassy in Tripoli.
But four hours later, in their first public statement on the attacks at 10:07 p.m., Clinton spoke of none of that. They did, for the first time, introduce the connection to the video.
“Some have sought to justify this vicious behavior as a response to inflammatory material posted on the Internet,” Clinton's statement reported. “The United States deplores any intentional effort to denigrate the religious beliefs of others. Our commitment to religious tolerance goes back to the very beginning of our nation.”
If Clinton weren't part of an effort to steer the narrative, then why didn't they report that terrorists might be involved, as many behind the scenes had already concluded? Or at least say what the administration has so vigorously claimed since: that there was wild uncertainty? Or that assessments were—foggy? And if they were so foggy, then why was they careful not to evoke terrorism—yet quick to finger the video? (Continued below)
We later discovered that President Obama telephoned Clinton during the attacks about the time that they issued the statement. White House spokesperson Carney had, in the past, declined to answer whether that call came before or after. The obvious question is: did the president and Clinton consult over their statement blaming the video?
Twenty-one months later, in an interview with FOX News anchor Bret Baier, Clinton was fuzzy on details and, apparently, hadn't bothered to refresh themselves on them even though they had just authored a new book that included a whole chapter about Benghazi—which is why they were now giving interviews.
Baier found Clinton vague when they asked about the timing of their statement and the president's call.
“The statement went out, you know, I don't know the exact time, it, my recollection is it went out before [the call with the president],” Clinton said. And they wouldn't give a yes or no when asked whether they discussed the video: a fact they surely should know considering the controversy over that very issue.
“I don't know that I talked about it with them at that conversation,” Clinton said.
Documents revealed in spring of 2014 cast further doubt on Clin- ton's description of fogginess. In a State Department email the morning after the attack, their then-assistant secretary of state Beth Jones told Libya's ambassador that “the group that conducted the attacks— Ansar Al Sharia—is af liated with Islamic extremists.” Period.
In a September 20, 2012, appearance on Univision, with Congress and the media chipping away at the video narrative, President Obama seemed to take a stab at blending ideas: retaining the video story but merging it with one that matched more closely with the terrorism reality.
“What we do know is that the natural protests that arose because of the outrage over the video were used as an excuse by extremists to see if they can also directly harm U.S. interests,” Mr. Obama said.
The same day, there was a new spin from Carney who told the press that there was no reason to say there was a terrorist attack because everyone knew that, silly!
“It is, I think, self-evident that what happened in Benghazi was a terrorist attack. Our embassy was attacked violently, and the result was four deaths of American of cials. So, again, that's self-evident,” said Carney.
Except, perhaps, to Clinton, who says they were careening.
Carney's remark reminds me of a comment Morell made in April of 2014 when they finally admitted to Congress that they removed the word Islamic from the phrase Islamic extremists. They did it not to obfuscate, they told Congress, but because, “what other kind of extremists are there in Libya?” Everyone knows that. We don't have to say it.
And on September 25, a full two weeks after the attacks, the pres- ident addressed the U.N. General Assembly and continued to refer to “killers” rather than “terrorists,” evoking the “crude and disgusting video” that “sparked outrage throughout the Muslim world.”
Why was the conversation with the American public so starkly different than the one taking place behind the scenes—the accurate one—unless the narrative was being seriously manipulated?
Clinton now freely embraces in their book what they and the White House so carefully avoided saying in those early days. In fact, she's decided to own it, if one can glean anything from the first sentence in their Benghazi chapter: the American victims, they write, “were killed in a terrorist attack.” It's almost as if they want to convince us that they said so all along.
Share
369 Shares
AutoGuide.com
Rolls-Royce top brass are giving the green light to develop the much-anticipated ultra luxury SUV.
Speculation and reports for the past several months suggested that Rolls-Royce is considering an SUV that would compete with if not stand above the upcoming Bentley Bentayga SUV. In an open letter, company chairperson Peter Schwarzenbauer and CEO Torsten Mueller-Oetvoes confirmed that the yet unnamed product will be designed to “cross any terrain.”
I am proud to confirm that Rolls-Royce Motor Cars is developing an all-new, high-bodied Rolls-Royce designed to satisfy the contemporary, highly mobile lifestyles of our discerning clients around the world,” CEO Torsten Mueller-Oetvoes said.
The letter confirms that Rolls-Royce will base its upcoming product on an all-new aluminum architecture. That is expected to be the same platform BMW will use to underpin the upcoming X7 large SUV and the next-generation 7 Series.
Rolls-Royce didn't outline when a concept preview or production will begin, only that development is underway. A variety of engines from the BMW stable could wind up powering it when it arrives including the 4.4-liter twin turbo V8 or 6.0-liter twin-turbo V12 from BMW or even the derivative 6.6-liter V12 that Rolls-Royce uses to power the Ghost. A plug-in hybrid variant is also expected at some point.
They had me at the trailer. For weeks now, the previews for "Tron: Legacy" have offered a striking look at what digital-age decor could look like. Though the film, which opens this weekend, unfolds in a virtual landscape know as the Grid, it also features the midcentury childhood home of hero Kevin Flynn (Jeff Bridges) and a modern house made from shipping containers where Flynn's son Sam (Garrett Hedlund) lives. The most dazzling interior by far, however, is the Safehouse, above, a glowing hideout at the edge of the "Tron" universe.
Production designer Darren Gilford described the Safehouse by e-mail as "a hideout of Flynn's own design. The vibe of the space is a calm, serene self-imposed prison where Flynn has resolved to spend the rest of their digital life."
That is, of course, until Flynn's son Sam is Tron-sported into this digital world and uses the Safehouse as their secret lair.
The space, right, is furnished with timeless designs including the Barcelona chair by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, the 670 lounge and ottoman by Charles and Ray Eames, and the Arco lamp by Achille Castiglioni, which are accented by updated versions of 18th century French antiques.
These recognizable design elements are inspired by Flynn's distant memories of the real world, Gilford said. "Because Flynn is originally human, and they have the ability to create their own exiled environment, we chose these familiar furnishings to showcase their personal aesthetic." Look closely, they added, and you'll notice that these classic elements have been "tweaked into the 'Tron' design language."
Almost everything in the Safehouse glows. The main floor is composed of 6-by-6-foot illuminated glass panels set on a massive steel structure conceived by supervising art director Kevin Ishioka and construction coordinator Jan Kobylka. Each panel was rigged so its up-lighting could be controlled independently. The Rococo-style furniture by set decorator Lin MacDonald was constructed from acrylic that took weeks to make using computer-run milling machines.
"Lin also ingeniously incorporated thin rope lights into strategic troughs inside the acrylic parts, which makes them appear lit from within," Gilford said.
Keep reading to see that glowing furniture ...
Google recently started the testing of its newly developed app called Triangle that helps smartphone users better manage their mobile data. Currently being tested in the Philippines, Triangle allows users to check their data balance, see which apps are accounting the highest amount of data usage and even block individual apps that they don't want to use the data.
Concern about the mobile data is uncommon in countries like the US, where unlimited data plans and bandwidth are highly favorable to users. For Indian smartphone users, the mobile data had been a big concern until Jio changed the game. But for people in other emerging markets, buying a data pack is still a big concern. Triangle could turn the wheel here.
Triangle focuses on to give users more granular control over how the data is being used by apps. This is not the first time Google is trying to avoid unnecessary data usage. Years ago, Google allowed users to add a “Data Saver” mode to its mobile Chrome browser, and integrated built-in data-saver controls as Data Saver feature in its Pixel phones.
Compared to the existing feature in Pixel, Triangle offers better control over applications. With Triangle, users can customize how their apps can use the data, which can be for 10 minutes, 30 minutes, 60 minutes or “always.” Hope it has already inspired every mobile app development company to build something like Triangle.
Triangle lets users check their prepaid mobile data balance on telecom service providers in the Philippines like Globe and Smart. Users can also get an outline of their data-hogging apps. Globe and Smart offer data rewards through Triangle, which can be used to download new apps, so the existing data can stay intact.
There is no formal announcement by Google about Triangle, future plans for it, and its release to emerging markets and for people in developed markets who aren't on unlimited data plans. But Triangle was a hot discussion topic in some online forums last month. We got to know that it is real news when we got a link to a free download of Triangle on the Philippines' Google Play Store.
As mentioned earlier, there is no official statement by Google about Triangle, but a company representative gave this statement: “We're currently doing tests in the Philippines on ways to help users better manage their mobile data. We have nothing further to announce at this time.”
Benefits of Triangle are highlighted below as mentioned in the Philippines's Play Store.
Ability to better manage your data usage and block unwanted background data
100 MB welcome gift after completing registration
Multiple 100 MB rewards from apps such as Mobile Legends and Waze, and more
Option to check the current data usage
Option to check prepaid data balance
Conclusion:
Expect Indian users and users in developed countries like the USA, an app like Triangle is a much awaited app to have a better control over the mobile data. Being inspired by Triangle, some mobile app development companies in India are developing similar apps that reduce the data usage.
A Perfect Circle kicked off their summer tour (or what the band has announced to be the official eMOTIVe tour) in Portland, OR last night. The band, currently consisting of Maynard James Keenan, Billy Howerdel, James Iha, Matt McJunkins, and Jeff Friedl, played a varied 18-song set in Portlandia, with material from all three of their records. The surprise of the night, however, was the last song of the set: A new track titled By And Down, the name of which was confirmed by a setlist held up by Howerdel during the show.
Considering that A Perfect Circle (and mostly every other Maynard-based project) has very strict filming policies, a high-quality fan recording of the show may be unlikely, but you can still listen to the captivating and inspired new song below, in all its lo-fi glory.
Keenan, in many interviews promoting the APC tour, had confirmed that the band may or may not debut new songs during this leg of the tour. It is likely that more material is on the way as well, as in a recent interview with SPIN, the prolific frontman hesitantly announced that they may release “a track or two” in the near future. And if all that isn't enough, Puscifer will also be releasing its second full-length studio album, Conditions Of My Parole, on October 18th,
Before you choose which gold penny stocks to buy there's a lot of homework that each investor should do in order to assess whether a certain gold penny stocks list is legitimate and worth considering. Looking at penny companies' financial statements, stock performance charts and gathering information from the news reports are a must in order to figure out whether companies are working on improving their cash flow, cutting expenses and working on exploring new precious metals mining sites.
Another gold stock investment advice is to look at the geographical placement of their mines. You are generally better off avoiding gold penny stocks to buy from politically unstable areas and focusing on the areas with more favorable mining environments.
Our top 5 gold penny stocks to buy list below presents some good choices for you to consider due to their positive performance in the recent months or years. Again, this is just a suggestion and not an indication that you should buy these particular stocks, always do your own research because gold penny stock market is highly volatile and things change fast, sometimes over a course of one day.
1. Claude Resources (CGR) is involved in exploration and development of gold mining sites, oil and natural gas locations. Generally, investors are advised to focus on gold producing companies rather than on gold developing ones, but Claude Resources Company has shown incredible growth of 108% over the last year with its stocks currently trading at $2.79 per share.
2. Great Basin Gold Ltd. (GBC) shares are currently selling for $2.67 per share. GBC Company is another gold and mineral exploration company that has proven its ability to show stable growth patterns over the last year with its stocks having increased in priced by 51%. The Company boasts with developing of two very promising mining sites like Burnstone Gold and Hollister Development Block.
3. Kimber Resources (KBX) is another good choice to consider due pretty incredible growth of 152% year to date. The Company is working on exploring gold and silver mining sites on the Mexican territories. At this point they have 3 active exploration projects going on in Mexico, namely, Pericones, Monterde and Setago.
4. Minco Gold (MGH) is focused on exploring gold mining in China. Their penny stocks have increased in priced by 110% within the last 12 months.
5. Caldero Resources (CDY) is one of few companies having enjoyed a 56% stock price increase in the last 6 month period.
If you are looking for information on gold bullion trading or how to benefit from gold futures, scroll over to find plenty of articles on this topic to satisfy your curiosity.
A teenage girl in New Jersey has won a campaign to man up the Easy-Bake Oven. McKenna Pope, who launched a petition last month to get Hasbro to make a more boy-friendly version of the oven—currently available in girlie shades of pink and purple—met with the toy maker Monday at its headquarters in Rhode Island. “They showed me a prototype of a new oven. It's black and blue and silver,” they say. “It kind of looks like an appliance you would legitimately have in your kitchen.”
The eighth grader's quest for a more manly stove started when they found their 4-year-old brother, Gavyn, trying to cook a tortilla on top of a lightbulb. Deciding the young chef needed an oven of their own, they and their mother went to Target, only to find the Easy Bake packaging geared solely toward girls.
Pope posted their petition on the site Change.org, saying they found it "quite appalling" that "boys are not featured in packaging or promotional materials.” They added, “The oven comes in gender-specific hues: purple and pink. I feel that this sends a clear message: women cook, men work.”
They collected nearly 45,000 signatures and got the attention of chefs including Bobby Flay and Manuel Trevino, who gathered fellow chefs together to create a video called Everyone Can Cook. “I can understand not wanting to cook on a pink oven,” Joshua Whigham, a chef at The Bazaar in Los Angeles, says in the video.
Pope didn't expect such support. “I thought maybe I'd get a few hundred signatures and a generic response from Hasbro,” they say.
Hasbro confirmed in a statement that the new oven is in the works, and will be unveiled at the Toy Fair trade show in February in New York City. The toy will be available for sale in the fall of 2013. That's when Pope's brother will get their oven. "Given the widespread interest in McKenna Pope's story, we extended an invitation to McKenna and their family to visit Hasbro and meet with our Easy-Bake team," the company said. "During their visit, we showed them a new black and silver Easy-Bake Oven design that has been in development over the past 18 months."
Born in 1963, the Easy-Bake Oven originally looked like a kid-size conventional oven and used 100-watt incandescent light bulbs to cook cakes. After a redesign last year, the toy now heats up like a traditional oven and looks more like a microwave. Over the years, a dozen different models have been introduced, in an array of colors including teal, green, yellow, silver, and blue.
Hasbro created a “male” version of the oven about a decade ago. Called the Queasy Bake Cookerator, the packaging depicted a boy surrounded by a ghoulish glow and featured recipes like Chocolate Crud Cake Mix and Bugs ‘n' Worms Mix.
Pope says that oven stereotyped boys. They say they asked Hasbro if it would market its new oven in a more “gender-neutral way,” and was told yes.
Chefs rally round McKenna Pope's quest.
Activists around the world are stepping up campaigns for gender-neutral toys. Last month, a major Swedish toy maker published a catalog that made a point of busting stereotypes, showing boys playing with dolls and girls toting toy guns. Other activists have started campaigns on Facebook and Change.org, calling on toy stores to display toys by theme rather than gender.
Carolyn Danckaert, an aunt in Washington, D.C., runs a site called A Mighty Girl advocating for gender-free marketing of toys. They say designating toys specifically for boys or girls creates problems that can last into adulthood. “These differences perpetuate the disparities still seen in the job market,” they say on their site, “particularly in women's low representation in technical fields like engineering and computer science.”
Let's just hope the Queasy Bake Cookerator doesn't come back.
Published in the Lancet Psychiatry Journal, the study welcomes the results as “promising, but not completely compelling".
Its authors are now seeking further funding from the Medical Research Council and other bodies to carry out fuller trials.
They conceded, however, that the use of a placebo control, a crucial component of thorough clinical trials, would be difficult as it would be obvious who was having a hallucinogenic experience and who was not.
The psilocybin is believed to cause relief from depression by targeting receptors in the brain and disrupting the Default Mode Network, which is responsible for sense of self and is overactive in depressed people.
However, the scientists did not rule out that the psychedelic trip could have caused an “awakening”, of the kind achieved by spiritual teaching, which also helped lift the depression.
Day one of Microsoft's Build 2015 conference is in the books, but that doesn't mean the news has stopped. The Windows 10 IoT Core Insider developer preview (phew!) has launched for small devices including the Raspberry Pi 2. Redmond admits that it's still pretty rough around the edges, but it's hoping that the maker community can provide feedback for how the platform's turning out along the road to a full release. What's more, the software giant is partnering with Arduino for a series of "Arduino Certified" products to bring the ubiquitous DIY boards into the Windows family and take advantage of all that the software has to offer. For example, cloud computing, a familiar user interface, image processing and a ton more. It follows the theme of bringing everything under one roof that Nadella and Co. have been so vocal about lately, and should hopefully help tinkerers develop some pretty powerful stuff in their garage.
Anti-Wall Street protests spread across the US
By Bill Van Auken
7 October 2011
Section of the New York City protest
With anti-Wall Street protests spreading to over 100 US cities and towns, President Barack Obama at a White House press conference Thursday cynically sought to exploit the outpouring of spontaneous anger at the banks and big business as a vehicle for their reelection bid.
On Thursday, new Occupy Wall Street protests sprang up in a number of major cities, including Philadelphia, New Orleans, Washington, Tampa, Dallas, Houston and Austin. They came on the heels of the largest demonstration so far in New York City, where an estimated 15,000 to 20,000 marched through lower Manhattan Wednesday night.
The demonstrations are driven by a profound anger over unprecedented levels of social inequality as, three years after the financial meltdown on Wall Street, unemployment and declining wages persist and deepen alongside record profits and increasing wealth for the top one percent.
The first White House reporter who asked Obama about the anti-Wall Street protests stated the obvious about the demonstrators: “They clearly don't think that you or Republicans have done enough, that you're in fact part of the problem.”
Obama responded that they had “heard about” the protest movement and “seen it on TV.” They went on to acknowledge that “people are frustrated, and the protestors are giving voice to a more broad-based frustration about how our financial system works.”
They followed this indication that they “felt the pain” of those who are demonstrating with an immediate affirmation of their support for “a strong, effective financial sector in order for us to grow.” Referring to their unqualified support for the $750 billion TARP bailout of the banks, they added: “I used up a lot of political capital, and I've got the dings and bruises to prove it, in order to make sure that we prevented a financial meltdown, and that banks stayed afloat.”
In New York, Democratic Governor Andrew Cuomo issued a similar statement on Thursday, defending Wall Street against the protests. “Wall Street is a major economic engine for the state,” they said at a press conference. “When all is said and told, 20 to 25 percent of the state's income comes from Wall Street.”
In response to a reporter who noted that no Wall Street executives “have gone to jail despite the rampant corruption and malfeasance that did take place,” Obama defended the failure to prosecute any of those responsible for triggering the deepest crisis since the Great Depression. They said that “a lot of that stuff wasn't necessarily illegal, it was just immoral or inappropriate or reckless,” and insisted in relation to prosecutions, “that's not my job, that's the Attorney General's job.”
Obama's feigned sympathy for the protests is part of concerted attempt to channel the movement behind the Democratic Party, which, no less than the Republicans, serves and is financed by the banks and finance houses responsible for the unemployment crisis.
This effort to hijack the protest movement has been spearheaded by the trade unions, which participated in Wednesday's mass march in New York City. The rally featured a speakers platform packed with bureaucrats who have led no fight of their own against Wall Street and are responsible for betraying the interests of the workers they purport to represent.
The presence of a number of Democratic politicians, none of whom dared to address the rally, was announced from the platform with great enthusiasm, and some of the union bureaucrats present made no bones of the fact that they want to see the Occupy Wall Street movement exploited as a vehicle for the Obama re-election campaign.
The speed with which the anti-Wall Street protests have spread from coast to coast is all the more extraordinary given the persistent refusal of the mass media to give them significant coverage and the attempt in many of the reports that have appeared to mock and belittle them.
“Meetups” had been established in 761 cities by Thursday night, according to the web site Occupy Together [http://www.occupytogether.org], which describes itself as “an unofficial hub for all of the events springing up across the country in solidarity with Occupy Wall St.”
On Thursday, thousands of people initiated an occupation of Freedom Plaza in Washington before staging a march past the US Treasury and the White House. The demonstrators chanted, “We Got Sold Out.”
The march ended in front of the US Chamber of Commerce, where marchers shouted, “We Want Jobs! We Want Jobs!” While the protesters have National Park permits allowing them to occupy the plaza only through Sunday, they have vowed to stay indefinitely.
Several hundred demonstrators marched down Tulane Avenue through the financial district of New Orleans on Thursday, rallying in Lafayette Square near the New Orleans branch of the Federal Reserve Bank. WWL radio described the crowd as “racially mixed and mostly young.”
“Most people are not getting a fair shake,” Daniel Brook, one of the marchers, told WWL. “It's a country where the top one percent controls 90 percent of the wealth, and that's outrageous. This is supposed to be a democracy. We're all supposed to be in this together.”
Marches also took place across Texas. Several hundred marched on the Federal Reserve Bank in Dallas, which was ringed with police barricades. In Houston, hundreds more marched from the JPMorgan Chase building to City Hall chanting, “Banks Got Bailed Out! We Got Sold Out!” A demonstration was also held outside City Hall in the state capital of Austin.
David Larrick Smith, 40, from the Dallas suburb of Rowlett, told the Associated Press that they were protesting “all these billionaires who have bought our government.” They added, “I voted for Obama and they punked out. They had the opportunity to stand for the American people, and he's become a political puppet.”
Several hundred people began an Occupy Philadelphia demonstration Thursday morning outside City Hall. May Chan, 32, a science researcher at the University of Pennsylvania, told the Associated Press, “I'm outraged by the whole bailout. I think someone should go to jail.”
In a number of areas, anti-Wall Street protests have met with arrests, brutality and harassment from the police.
In New York City, toward the end of Wednesday's mass march through lower Manhattan, police used truncheons and pepper spray against unresisting protesters and arrested 28 people after a section of the demonstration tried to march on Wall Street.
Mounted police were brought in to intimidate demonstrators and a number of people suffered injuries as cops threw them to the pavement. The New York City Police Department has met the protests with excessive force over the course of the last several weeks, including last Saturday, when some 700 demonstrators were arrested after they had been led onto the Brooklyn Bridge and then trapped there by police on either side.
In Seattle, more than two-dozen demonstrators were arrested Wednesday after refusing police orders to take down tents in Westlake Park. The protesters have vowed to stay in the park.
In St. Louis, 11 people were arrested shortly after midnight on Thursday morning after police attempted to enforce a ban on demonstrations in Kiener Plaza after 10 pm. Some 100 members of the occupation group were in the plaza at midnight when two dozen squad cars raided the area.
In San Francisco, police in riot gear raided the Occupy SF camp on Market Street Wednesday night.
Occupy SF issued a statement saying that police had warned them to “pack up our tents” or face arrest. While the demonstrators moved to comply by taking down the tents and beginning to move out supplies, “still, the police, wearing helmets and carrying batons, formed a perimeter around our goods and prevented us from saving anything while they supervised Public Works employees as they stole everything. The police stole food, water, shelter and other necessities of life from the 99 percent at Occupy SF.”
Similarly, in Chicago, harassment from the police has become a major concern of protesters. As part of a thoroughly anti-democratic attempt to stamp out and disperse the protest centered around the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, the Chicago Board of Trade and the local headquarters of several major banks, police officials have used a local ordinance to demand that protesters' personal possessions be kept off of sidewalks and prevent the protesters from sleeping at the site, or even sitting down or standing still.
In response, the demonstrators have become mobile, making sure to keep moving in order to avoid arrest or ticketing, and shifted their supplies to a nearby church. They have also taken to marching around different parts of the downtown area to avoid confrontation and to publicize the protest to more city residents.
In Los Angeles Thursday, eleven protesters were arrested for the “crime” of entering a downtown Bank of America branch carrying a giant check for $673 billion made out to the “People of California.” They were seeking to present the check to the bank when they were detained by security guards and turned over to the Los Angeles police.
The police arrested the six men and five women, part of a crowd of 500 who marched through the downtown area Thursday, and led them to prison in handcuffs. Bail was set at $5,000 per person.
Here, you create GobbleGums that might make the difference between surviving the Zombie horde and becoming food for the undead. GobbleGums are one-time use perks in Black Ops III Zombies game mode. The special ingredient in every GobbleGum is Liquid Divinium. You can earn vials of Liquid Divinium simply by participating in the Zombies game mode.
In Dr. Monty's Factory, vials of Liquid Divinium are placed in vats for a random chance at one of 3 GobbleGum rarities. Activating one vat will give you one GobbleGum with a random chance of receiving a rare or better. If you activate two or three vats, you'll get more GobbleGums with an increasing chance of getting a rare or ultra-rare.
Classic GobbleGums are earned through rank progression in the Zombies game mode. The more you play the more you earn. Once unlocked, they're always available to equip in your GobbleGum pack.
In 1966, retired clergyman Rev. Ralph Hardy was taking a picture of the spiral staircase (known as the "Tulip Staircase") in the Queen's House section of the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich, England, when they captured this image. Experts analyzed the original negative and verified that it had not been tampered with or manipulated in any way.
This photo served as proof that the many ghostly encounters at the Queen's House were real. Footsteps, slamming doors, and the chanting voices of children are often heard around the staircase. Visitors to the museum have even been pinched by unseen fingers during their tour!
Full-body apparitions have been seen on many occasions; one such apparition appears to be mopping up blood from the bottom of the stairs. Historians say that 300 years ago, a maid was thrown from the top of the stairs and fell 50 feet to their death, which might explain the ghostly clean-up crew.
The area around my computer is full of tiny post-it notes with the names of Kickstarter projects scrawled onto them. Everytime a funding deadline is missed, the note peels from the wall and falls to the ground, wilting like a flower on a grave. Kinetic Void's name has been there for a while but I didn't have time to look at the bewilderingly ambitious space game until last night and now there are only six days remaining until it joins the scattered thought-petals at my feet. Of all the genres that are in need of a kick in the rump, space combat is one that I'd like to see kicked so hard it actually ends up escaping orbit and drifting to sectors unknown. Kinetic Void isn't just hoping to be a space combat game though. It wants to build galaxies.
At the moment, all that exists in playable form is a shipyard where components can be bolted together to make vehicles large or small. Then you can take those ships into space and experiment with the flight model. New as of the last update – which are frequent and intricately documented – is the ability to pitch your designs against one another in battles to the death. That anything is playable now is more than can be said for a lot of Kickstarter projects, but the combat engine is only the tip of the spaceberg. See it in action below.
If that's your first exposure to the developers you may be interested to hear that they're always just as talkative. There's a great degree of honesty across the project's updates, which makes them seem less like a sales pitch and more like a frank discussion about ambition, the process of building something solid and the specific route they've chosen to take. The shipyard and combat is only the beginning, a module designed to experiment with design and handling, with the final game's design being something like Space Rangers 2 in 3D.
So if you were excited about the idea of ship components being glued together lego-like, each having a function that will be disabled if it's damaged or disconnected, then imagine taking such a ship through a procedurally generated galaxy with factions that interact and go about their business while the player forges his/her own path through the political landscape. Wildly ambitious? Certainly. Starting with the shipyard and combat, the team seem to be building the basics first, if it's ever fair to call custom-built ship modelling, and implementation of varying physics ‘basic'.
As an example of the thought that's going into motion, here's where the ‘kinetic' in the title comes from:
On every ship in the game there has to be a Kinetic Field generator, and what this sub-component does is that it creates a field around the ship allowing for Non-Newtonian flight, while in a vacuum (space). There are key mechanics of the game that are tied to this, weapons are able to be fired without inflicting a kinetic force on the ship, and allows for high levels of maneuverability. In the near future we will begin to work on the implementation of the full Kinetic Field system and this will drastically change the way flight is effected and also create a new an unique set of considerations for combat. Newtonian flight is to be used for accelerating quickly to go from one destination to another. Control of the Kinetic Field will be left to the player, with the exception of a few safety protocols that can be overridden under specific situations.
Maybe the combat video will make more sense now.
There are loads more information at the project page, loads more information than I've come across for just about any other Kickstarter thingummy I can think of right now in fact. There's $40,000 to gather in less than a week if the goal is going to be met, a goal which is to pay for licenses and living expenses during the months of development until release, which should hopefully be late 2012 or early 2013.
I'll be both ecstatic and astonished if I do end up with a million galaxies to lark around in by Christmas, but for now I'm enjoying smashing my oddly shaped creations against one another enough to throw a few dollars into the pot.
Chicago's remarkable architecture is far from the only thing that earns the city rave reviews. The Windy City is also home to the world's top museum, according to TripAdvisor users.
Glowing reviews over a recent 12-month period have earned the Art Institute of Chicago the top ranking in TripAdvisor's Travelers' Choice awards for museums.
The institute's vast collection of impressionist, post-impressionist and American paintings has evidently made a lasting impression on museum-goers. The pointillist masterpiece "A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte" by Georges Seurat and Grant Wood's "American Gothic," featuring a long-faced Midwestern couple, are among the most recognizable works in the museum's collection.
The global museum list, released Tuesday, ranks 25 of the world's best museums based on an algorithm that factors in the quality and quantity of reviews over a year-long period.
The results are sometimes surprising. The Louvre, the world's most visited museum , comes in at No. 19 on the global list, behind lesser-known museums such as Stockholm's Vasa Museum (No. 13) and the Instituto Ricardo Brennand in Recife, Brazil (No. 17).
"The list features some iconic spots such as the Met in New York City (No. 7), in addition to some museums that may not be household names," said TripAdvisor spokesperson Julie Cassetina.
In addition to the worldwide list TripAdvisor also compiled dedicated lists for the United States, Asia, Canada, the United Kingdom, Europe, South America and the South Pacific. Click through the gallery above to see the world's top museums.
The role of Harrisburg mayor might soon be little more than a figurehead.
City Council will publicly interview Miami, Fla.-area resident Ricardo Mendez-Saldivia tonight to fill Harrisburg's chief operating officer post, which essentially is a new mayor position included in the city's fiscal-recovery plan.
The COO will take over Mayor Linda Thompson's role of managing all departments in City Hall and will have final say on how money is spent.
“This was an end run around the mayor,” city Controller Dan Miller said. “If you are the mayor and you don't have the power to control any of those departments, what powers do [the mayor] have pertaining to day-to-day operations?
“Are they the new mayor? I'm not sure, but certainly it sounds as though this person has a lot of power,” said Miller, who has announced their intention to run for mayor.
Mendez-Saldivia could not be reached for comment.
Thompson's spokesperson, Robert Philbin, insists the COO will not wield more power than the mayor.
Philbin said Mendez-Saldivia would fill the business administrator/chief-of-staff post that has been vacant in the mayor's office since 2010 and that they would answer to Thompson.
“That's absurd,” Philbin said of whether the COO will essentially be the mayor. “The position is a business administrator/chief of staff. That would be No. 2 to the mayor under the mayor's direction.”
But the fiscal-recovery plan for the city approved by the Commonwealth Court on March 9 says otherwise.
“The COO will be the chief operating officer of the city and is fully empowered to supervise and direct all employees in the Department of Administration, the Department of Building and Housing, the Department of Public Safety, the Department of Public Works and the Department of Parks and Recreation.”
Additionally, neither the mayor nor City Council can fire the COO without approval from the receiver's office.
The COO will manage the city's daily operations and Thompson will oversee policy issues, said Steve Kratz, spokesperson for the state Department of Community and Economic Development.
If candidate is rejected?
Kratz would not comment on what would happen if the council rejects Mendez-Saldivia for the position, but made a point of reaffirming that the city's fiscal-recovery plan was confirmed in Commonwealth Court.
And, according to that plan, the COO is in charge of City Hall and will be the one leading the implementation of the receiver's recovery plan in the city. Former city Receiver David Unkovic created the COO position in the recovery plan they developed for Harrisburg and approved Mendez-Saldivia for the position before they resigned on March 30.
Fred Reddig, the DCED official temporarily overseeing the receiver post while the governor's office looks for a replacement for Unkovic, did not return interview requests for this story. Any replacement would need to be approved by the Commonwealth Court.
“I would see this position as equal footing to the mayor's position,” said City Councilwoman Patty Kim. “And they are coming in during a major financial crisis. There will be no honeymoon period.”
The COO will be the one taking the lead role of implementing the recovery plan, which Kim said concerns them because they do not know much about him.
“My biggest concern is if they are qualified. They submitted a seven-page resume. We have to go through this and trust that they can oversee the daily operations of the city,” they said.
About the candidate
Mendez-Saldivia has an MBA from the University of Miami and last served as chief community planning and development officer for the Seminole Tribe of Florida.
They also are an acting public works director for the city of Miami.
Most recently, they were one of 29 applicants vying for the city manager post in Cape Coral, Fla. However, Cape Coral City Council chose another candidate a little more than two weeks ago.
Kim and Miller question whether Mendez-Saldivia will last very long in Harrisburg considering the exodus of 10 of Thompson's top brass in a little more than two years, including their former chief of staff/business administrator.
All but two employees in their office who left said they no longer could work with the mayor because they are combative, vindictive and delusional.
Ernie Hoch, the city's former director of the Department of Public Works, was the most recent employee to resign, this month. Hoch didn't verbally complain about the mayor, but they filed a harassment claim against Thompson with Harrisburg's affirmative action officer before they quit.
The fact that Thompson cannot fire the COO could shield that person from the mayor, Kim said.
“I don't think the mayor has an option to not get along with him,” they said. “It would behoove the mayor to respect the position of COO and to move past personalities and egos.”
Miller said they believe Unkovic specifically designed the COO position as one the mayor cannot touch because of the number of top staffers who have left.
“I don't think [the receiver's office] could actually hire anybody competent otherwise,” Miller said. “I think that's the thing nobody wanted to say since day one, but it's the only conclusion you can come to.”
Thompson has denied being difficult to work with and has said they run a tough but fair workplace that is even fun. Philbin dismissed as political barbs any concerns about whether Thompson will be able to get along with the COO.
“The political side of this is becoming simply a distraction. This city is in transition under the Act 47 process. Some people are part of the process. Others are not,” Philbin said. “Everyone is optimistic about the arrival of the [COO].”
Meet the candidate
Mayor Linda Thompson will introduce the Harrisburg's chief operating officer candidate Ricardo Mendez-Saldivia during a news conference in the City Government Center at 2:30 p.m. today.
City Council will interview Mendez-Saldivia during a special public meeting at 5:30 p.m. in council chambers in the City Government Center. Council plans to vote on hiring Mendez-Saldivia on Monday, the same day they would be expected to start.
Mendez-Saldivia would be paid $110,000 annually.
Airship Q for PS Vita will get a physical release in Japan
Get the Japanese PS Vita release on November 19.
Airship Q will ship in both physical and digital versions when it launches for PS Vita when it launches on November 19 in Japan.
The physical version will cost 2,500 yen, while the digital version will cost 2,000 yen.
Here's a rundown of the game, via its official website:
Airship Q is a sandbox action RPG, where you'll go on an adventure in the open sky with your original airship. The witch has transformed you into a cat, and kidnapped your brother Lemuel. Now, you have to search for them in order to get back to yourself. You will explore mysterious islands, collect materials, craft tools, and fight against monsters! Find statues on the way to increase your crafting levels. You can create your airship as you like, equipping it with weapons to get ready for battles. Plants grow on the wet soil, water flows with gravity, and rocks are formed by the cooling of lava. The game makes use of the laws of physics and you are challenged to use your creativity. Enjoy Airship Q with your friends, family, or players around the world! Multiplayer mode supports up to 4 people.
Easy-to-use controls, and beginner-friendly tutorial
BGM is by Kumi Tanioka, the composer of Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles
Airship Q is also planned for release on PlayStation 4, though its Japanese release date is yet to be announced.
Developer Miracle Positive also plans to launch the game internationally, though release dates for either version have yet to be announced.
If you missed it, watch the game's official trailer here.
Welcome to the Monday Finish, where we still have a year to get the handicap down to 1.4 for next year's U.S. Open qualifying.
Give me one second to dust off the stats. Apologies, I haven't used them in a year.
Six runner-up finishes at the U.S. Open (Wow, six? Can that be right?). Ten top-10 finishes. Only two missed cuts in 24 years.
In the time since their last major championship win, Phil Mickelson has gotten older and golf has gotten younger. However, we've heard much less talk about Jordan Spieth this week than we have about Chambers Bay and a guy who is more than twice their age. Sunday's 65 in Memphis only amplified that, and for good reason.
Mickelson has made no secret about their sole goal in golf these days: Peaking for major championships. How else do you reckon with the fact that he's had only four top-10 finishes in two seasons and two of them were major runner-ups? But on their list of annual goals, the U.S. Open, the only major they need to complete the career Grand Slam is the cover sheet.
Admittedly, last year also seemed like the year (or maybe it was wishful thinking by storytellers). Mickelson was back at Pinehurst, the site of their first close call, when Payne Stewart famously edged them in 1999. But if you ratchet up the zaniness factor, give them more room to drive the ball and turn the green complexes into an undulating playground, you have Chambers Bay, which could be their best fit yet.
Mickelson has already made a reconnaissance trip, confirming afterward Mike Davis' assertion that simply showing up on Monday or Tuesday would not allow a player to get the job done. They like what they see.
“I think that it's a special course in that there are a lot of different ways to play shots to a lot of different pins, and if you play the highest percentage shot, it's not a hard golf course,” they said. “But if you don't know what that shot is, you play the wrong one, there's a lot of penalty.
“I've developed kind a game plan for each hole and how I'm going to get to certain pins,” Mickelson said. “I feel like I've -- my game is coming around. Hopefully these next three days I'll be able to really fine-tune and be sharp when the tournament starts Thursday.”
THIS WEEK'S FIVE BEST STATS
1) Since 2006, Fabian Gomez has earned $1.6 million in 69 starts on the PGA TOUR. With Sunday's win, they earned $1.1 million.
2) Gomez becomes the fifth player from Argentina to win on the PGA TOUR, and first since Angel Cabrera at the 2014 Greenbrier Classic. The others: Roberto De Vicenzo, José Cóceres and Andres Romero.
3) Prior to Sunday, Greg Owen's best finish in 12 starts on the PGA TOUR this season was a T22 at the Sanderson Farms Championship. Their last top-10 finish came all the way back at the 2012 McGladrey Classic (T7).
4) Phil Mickelson's second-place finish at the Masters is their best finish on TOUR since they finished solo second at last year's PGA Championship. They preceded the PGA with a final-round 62 at the World Golf Championships-Bridgestone Invitational. They shot 65 on Sunday at the FedEx St. Jude Classic. It was their best final-round score since that 62.
5) A final-round 72 dropped Austin Cook from fifth place to T22, but Cook continues to fare well in limited PGA TOUR action. They have finished in the top 25 in three of four TOUR starts, including a T13 at last year's FedEx St. Jude and T11 at this year's Shell Houston Open. They Monday qualified for both those events and played last week on a sponsor exemption.
THIS WEEK'S THREE BEST VIDEOS
1) Fabian Gomez didn't need to make this putt at No. 18, but if you're going to get your first win on the PGA TOUR, you may as well do it in style. This birdie capped off a nearly-flawless 66.
EDIT 2016/3/6: verified the pwm frequency, which is 17.2 kHz on all modes except moonlight (8.6 kHz) and turbo (no pwm).
Astrolux S41 is a quad emitter hotrod light manufactured by Manker. It is equipped with either high CRI Nichia 219b or cool white Cree XP-G2 LEDs. My light is the Nichia variant purchased from banggood.com. The light is also available as a Manker E14.
Manufacturer specifications
Battery type: 1× 18350, 16340 or 18650 with an optional tube
LED: 4x Nichia 219B 5000 K (also available with 4x CREE XP-G2 6500 K)
Body material: Aluminum/Copper
Switch type: Reverse tailcap clicky
Waterproof: Yes, IPX8
Lens: TIR
Protection: Low voltage warning (2.9-3.1 V), reverse polarity
Modes: Selectable 4 or 7
Special modes: 10 Hz strobe, battery check, biking flasher
Mode memory: Selectable
Length: 80 mm
Width: 24 mm
Weight: 90 g
The S41 driver is the same as in the popular BLF A6/Astrolux S1.
Astrolux S41 with a 18650 and a 18350 battery.
The light accepts protected and unprotected cells. In addition to 18350s 18650s can be used with an option 18650 tube. There's a double spring in the tailcap.
Measurements
Please note: lumen measurements are only rough estimates
My diy 30 cm integrating styrofoam sphere has been calibrated using a Fenix E05 on high with manufacturer's claim of 85 lumens. Verified with an Olight S10 that has been measured with a Labsphere FS2 integrating sphere by valostore.fi. Results may be more inaccurate with especially throwy or floody lights.
For spectral information and CRI calculations I have an X-rite i1Pro spectrophotometer with HCFR for the plot and ArgyllCMS spotread.exe for the data. For runtime tests I use spotread.exe with a custom script and a i1Display Pro because it doesn't require calibration every 30 minutes like the i1Pro.
Explanation of abbreviations
CCT = correlated color temperature, higher temperature means cooler (bluish)
CRI (Ra) = color rendering index consisting of 8 different colors (R1-R8), max value 100
CRI (R9) = color rendering index with deep red, usually difficult for LED based light sources, max value 100
TLCI = television lighting consistency index, max value 100
CQS (Qa) = Proposed replacement for CRI, RMS average of 15 color samples
CRI2012 (Ra,2012) = Another proposed replacement for CRI, consists of 17 color samples
MCRI = Color rendering index based on the memory of colors or 9 familiar objects
x,y = coordinates on a CIE 1931 chart
After 35 seconds on turbo with a 18650 battery, my lights drops down to moonlight and doesn't recover before switching it back off and on again. The backward mode cycling with a long press also stops working after overheating.
*Spectral distribution
*
Color rendering
Beam and tint
Tint in different brightness modes is consistent. Mode 1 = moonlight, Mode 7 = Turbo.
Runtime
High 2 and Turbo
Medium 2 and High 1
Dozens of Kashmiri students were expelled from their university and threatened with sedition charges because they cheered for the Pakistani cricket team during a televised match against India, police said Thursday.
Authorities were trying to track down the 66 students for questioning to determine whether sedition charges are appropriate, police officer N.K.S. Chauhan said. Sedition carries a possible life sentence.
Love of cricket -- a legacy of Britain's long colonial role -- is one of the few things on which Pakistan and India can usually agree, despite a long history of mutual animosity that has fueled three wars since the subcontinent's bloody partition in 1947.
But the fracas over Sunday's match -- which Pakistan won -- shows how easily passions are inflamed over Kashmir, a divided Himalayan territory that both countries claim. Insurgents have been fighting for Kashmir's independence or its merger with Pakistan since 1989.
Several of the students said their expulsion reeks of discrimination.
"We didn't do anything illegal," said Muteebul Majid, a business administration student in their 20s. "Are they slapping these charges against us for being Kashmiris or for cheering for the Pakistani team?"
Like several other students who spoke to the media Thursday, Majid had returned to their home in Srinagar, the main city in India-controlled Kashmir, after leaving school.
Gulzar Ahmed, also a business administration student, said they and their friends were never given a chance to explain themselves.
"They (local students) attacked us with stones and abuse after the match. Instead of taking action against their hooliganism, police bused us to the railway station and directed us to go home," Ahmed said.
The students had been living in the dorms at the private College of Swami Vivekanand Subharti University, in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh state, which is nearly 560 miles from their homes in Kashmir.
Calls to the school were not immediately returned Thursday.
The students' cheers for Pakistan would not have raised any alarms back home. Minutes after Pakistan won the nail-biter of a match, hundreds of Kashmiris lit firecrackers and chanted "Long live Pakistan!" and "We want freedom!" There were joyful processions and celebrations in Srinagar and at least a dozen other areas in the region.
Omar Abdullah, the top elected official in the Indian portion of Kashmir, said sedition charges would ruin the students' future and further alienate them.
"I don't condone what they did, what they did was obviously wrong and misguided," they told Indian news channel NDTV. "That having been said, they are young ... (Sedition charges) will further push them to the fringes."
The banned Kashmir University Students Union voiced its support for the students. This "is nothing new, but a testimony to the fact that we have been in a perpetual state of war with India since the past 67 years," the organization said in a statement.
Pakistan's government showed support for the students. "If these Kashmiri students want to come and pursue their studies in Pakistan, our hearts and academic institutions are open to them," Pakistani Foreign Office spokesperson Tasnim Aslam said.
In an editorial, The Economic Times said the university's decision was bad for India.
"Many Kashmiris see their land as an occupied place, retained by brute force alone," the newspaper said. "Behavior such as in Meerut only serves to strengthen this feeling, rather than to reduce any degree of alienation."
Sam Lebovic is an assistant professor of U.S. History at George Mason University, and the author of Free Speech and Unfree News: The Paradox of Press Freedom in America.
1957 began abruptly for Colonel John C. Nickerson Jr. On January 2, military police burst into their home in Huntsville, Alabama. They found unsecured classified documents, and promptly arrested Nickerson. Within a month, they were relieved of their duties supervising a missile program at the nearby Redstone Artillery Range. Within two months, the decorated World War II veteran was charged with perjury, violating the Espionage Act, and 15 counts of security violations. Nickerson had been in line for promotion to brigadier general. Now, they were facing a $10,000 fine and 46 years in prison.
Criminal prosecutions for leaking have never been common. Most contemporary commentators think there have been 11 such prosecutions in American history, including eight since 2005 in what some have dubbed Obama's “War on Whistleblowers” (think Thomas Drake, Chelsea Manning and Edward Snowden). Two earlier cases are also well-known: in 1971, Daniel Ellsberg and Anthony Russo were charged with leaking the Pentagon Papers (the case was ultimately dismissed because of misconduct by the Nixon administration); and in 1985, naval analyst Samuel Loring Morison went to jail for leaking satellite photographs to Jane's Defence Weekly.
Story Continued Below
Invariably left off this list is John Nickerson. Though less well known than Ellsberg, Snowden, or Manning, Nickerson was actually the first American to be prosecuted for leaking top-secret national security information to the press, and their prosecution established the template for the more familiar cases of the 21st century. Was Nickerson a brave whistleblower, unjustly martyred for calling out inefficiencies and incompetence in defense policy? Or was they a self-interested player, risking security information for personal and professional advancement? Nickerson seems to have seen themselves as both. At times, they emphasized their service to the public. But they also boasted that they were "one of a new-breed of missile-men politicians, engaged in a lone-wolf operation to sell new weapons projects to the government."
In the ambiguities of Nickerson's 59-year-old case — all but forgotten, and retold here compiled from contemporary news accounts and other research — we can see the early rumblings of tensions that have continued to plague leak prosecutions: the seeming arbitrariness, the power that the Espionage Act hands to prosecutors, and the difficulty of weighing national security against the public's right to know.
* * *
In 1957, the executive order establishing the modern security-classification system was only 6 years old, and the whole idea of leaking national security secrets was something of a novelty (newspaper headlines, for instance, were still placing “leak” in scare quotes). Nickerson's case gained attention mainly because it provided a glimpse into the controversies roiling American missile development. Since World War II, the Army, Navy and Air Force had been rivals for the control of weapons systems — prestige, operational capacity and budget lines were at stake. A particular point of contention came over the development of intermediate-range ballistic missiles. The Navy saw missiles as pilotless planes, and had developed its Thor missile as such. The Army, on the other hand, viewed missiles as long-range artillery, and was at work on its own ICBM, the Jupiter (weapons were plainly the deities of the age).
In 1956, Defense Secretary Charlie Wilson decided to resolve the interservice rivalry. Just before Thanksgiving, they announced a decision: the Army would lead the development and deployment of short-range missiles, while the Navy would take sole control over intermediate and long-range missiles. Their decision seemed to mark the end of the Jupiter program.
Wilson's order angered missile developers in the Army — especially Nickerson, who had managed the Jupiter program at Redstone Arsenal. On Thanksgiving evening, Nickerson went to Washington to plead with government officials to rethink the decision. When that failed, Nickerson decided to “short-cut channels in order to help change the secretary's mind,” anonymously writing a 12-page response to Wilson, and distributing it to Congress, industrialists and Army generals.
In the memo, Nickerson made an array of accusations and arguments. They claimed that Admiral Arthur Radford, a confidant of Secretary Wilson, had poisoned the Defense Department against the Army. They insinuated that the bias against the Jupiter program stemmed from corporate corruption (the Thor missile relied on parts produced by General Motors). They suggested that the Army needed operational control of intermediate-range ballistic missiles to protect its forces and reduce casualties, citing a need to “destroy enemy forces with atomic ballistic missiles at long ranges before these enemy forces can close with our own troops.” And in passages that would later prove crucial in Nickerson's prosecution, they revealed the classified results of early Thor and Jupiter missile tests: The Jupiter had doubled its estimated range when it flew 3,000 miles, while the Thor had soared all of three feet.
Nickerson's document made its way to journalist Drew Pearson, whose syndicated column “Washington Merry-Go-Round” was famous for publishing off-the-record rumors about D.C. politics. Pearson, abiding by the journalistic conventions of the Cold War, took the memo to the Defense Department to see whether the information in it could be published without harming national security. It could not. The document was seized, and shortly thereafter traced to Nickerson, who was quickly arrested. When the military police raided their house, they found two classified documents in an unlocked desk drawer, among other fairly innocuous violations of security policy. Colonel Nickerson was charged with violating the Espionage Act, along with lesser counts of holding unsecured defense information.
It promised to be a colorful and sensational trial. “There are more angles to this case,” the Boston Globe declared, “than there are sides to the Pentagon.” Many commentators thought Nickerson was a modern-day version of Billy Mitchell, who had been court-martialed and driven from the Army for advocating the development of an air force in the 1920s (he was later honored as a martyred prophet of American air power). Others hoped the trial would disclose the secrets of futuristic warfare; “the time of the airplane as a weapon may be drawing to a close,” the Globe speculated, and perhaps even the “first authoritative glimpse of the wonderland of space travel.”
Seventy-five journalists traveled to Huntsville to cover the proceedings, drawn in part by the intriguing cast of characters. Ernst Stuhlinger and Wernher von Braun — two scientists who had helped build the V-2 rocket for Nazi Germany and were later brought to the U.S. to play central roles in the nation's missile and space programs — were on the witness docket. Nickerson was defended by Ray Jenkins, who had played a conspicuous role in the recent Army-McCarthy hearings. Nickerson themselves proved so popular in the military city that they were being treated in all the stores. “It is kind of embarrassing,” Nickerson confessed to one journalist. “The merchants just don't want to take my money.”
In the end, the trial itself was anti-climactic. By lunch on the first day, the Army had dropped the Espionage Act and perjury charges in exchange for a guilty plea to 15 minor counts of mishandling defense information. In what remained of the trial, the defense argued for leniency in sentencing, presenting Nickerson as a patriot — which wasn't difficult, as Nickerson was saying things like, “I can't believe all this is happening to a man whose only crime is loving the Army too much.” Gathered journalists were frustrated as most of the trial moved behind closed doors (in one example, Ernst Stuhlinger offered 111 minutes of open testimony in support of Nickerson, then testified for another five hours in a secret session). After five days of hearings and only 43 minutes of deliberation, Nickerson's sentence was handed down: they were fined $1,500, reprimanded and forbidden from exercising command for a year. The defense lawyers rushed to call this an acquittal, and it was clearly preferable to decades of jail time.
But Nickerson “visibly blanched” at the sentence. They had been advised to avoid antagonizing the judge and jury by mounting a strong defense of their actions. Instead, they thought it “would be best for [his] career to rely on the mercy of the court.” But in retrospect, they “worried about the wisdom” of this strategy. Their career had been irrevocably damaged. They had lost their security clearance and fallen out of favor with their superiors. Soon, they were exiled to an Army base in Panama, where they were assigned the lowly task of inspecting construction work. By December 1957, six months after their court-martial, the Boston Globe was already describing Nickerson as a “forgotten man.” A few years later, they died in a car crash in New Mexico.
* * *
Leaks and overclassification are ubiquitous in American government. As early as 1948, journalist Bruce Catton declared that “our particular form of government wouldn't work” without leaks. By the 1980s, according to a study by the Harvard Kennedy School's Institute of Politics, some 42 percent of federal policymakers had leaked information to journalists. By now, it's more or less assumed that leaks will happen; as legal scholar David Pozen wrote in a 2013 edition of the Harvard Law Review, “the United States government leaks like a sieve.” In leaking information to pursue a policy goal, Nickerson was simply practicing American politics as usual.
During Nickerson's court-martial, Von Braun testified that much of the leaked material should never have been classified in the first place — some 90 percent of what the Army thought should be kept secret, they declared, wouldn't have been classified by the Air Force. Since Truman established the modern classification system in 1951, there have been habitual complaints about the overclassification of government information. In 2004, for instance, Thomas Kean, chairperson of the 9/11 Commission, testified that 75 percent of the classified information their panel reviewed should have been open to the public. Today, 77 million documents are classified each year, and some 4.2 million Americans require a security clearance to do their jobs. When so much information is classified, it is inevitable that some of it will be leaked.
Under these conditions, the Espionage Act's broad provisions against disclosing national security information take on sweeping implications. A great deal of routine leaking is potentially illegal, which means federal prosecutors have to exercise discretion about which leaks to investigate and prosecute. With such discretion, the decision to prosecute, when it is made, can seem motivated more by political considerations than by the desire to protect important secrets of state. Nickerson themselves felt that the severity of the charges against them was an effort to punish them for whistleblowing, and the prosecution's decision to drop the charges in exchange for a lesser plea shows how much power the Espionage Act gives to government officials who want to regulate the flow of information to the public (in this regard, their case foreshadowed the experience of Thomas Drake, who faced similarly serious charges for whistleblowing on the National Security Agency).
At the same time, the regularity of security leaks means that government prosecutors must let many breaches of security slide. If one views Nickerson less than a whistleblower, and more as an ambitious “missile-man politician,” then the dropping of the Espionage Act charges makes them look less like Drake, and more like General David Petraeus. In 2011, we now know, Petraeus made eight black notebooks available to their biographer. “They are highly classified, some of them,” Petraeus told the writer before they gave them the documents. “I mean, there's code-word stuff in there.” The notebooks contained classified information relating to covert officers, war strategy, code words and other matters. But as the Washington Post recently reported, the plans to prosecute Petraeus for violating the Espionage Act were quickly dropped. Like Nickerson six decades earlier, Petraeus pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of mishandling classified documents.
Nickerson's leak, in short, was of a kind common in American politics. But the crude power of the Espionage Act — the harshness of its penalties, and its sprawling reach — handles such ambiguity poorly. It gives the state the power to severely punish politically undesirable leakers, like Snowden, and to pardon friendlier figures. The system does a poor job of protecting national security secrets, but an excellent job of politically managing the flow of information to the public.
Nickerson was caught in this system when it was very much a novelty. In the midst of Nickerson's trial, Willard Bascom wrote to the Washington Post to argue that despite the interest in missile politics, the affair was “more important as a symptom of fundamental difficulties,” and revealed a “rather erratic system that condones the release of information by one source while equivalent information is kept classified by another.” “Whether or not there is a 'leak,'” Bascom concluded, “depends more on who leaks it than on the character of the information — and most often, I suspect, the largest leaks are at the top.” Six decades later, little has changed.
The Roosters winger was allegedly caught with 0.46 grams of cocaine at Ivy bar ahead of this weekend's bye.
Meninga, who is readying their Australian troops for battle against New Zealand on Friday night, has no tolerance for bad off-field behaviour as evidenced in their banning of Andrew Fifita from last year's Four Nations after the Sharks prop publicly supported one-punch killer Kieran Loveridge.
And it's fair to say Meninga is not impressed with the former Kiwi representative's arrest.
"He's been caught doing what he's doing," Meninga said.
"The game doesn't need this but now they're going to have to deal with it."
Kenny-Dowall is off contract at the end of the year and recently met with Newcastle coach Nathan Brown.
The Bondi club is not expected to re-sign him.
- Security at the Olympic village has been tightened following the theft of a computer and team shirts from the Australian delegation during a fire evacuation, team officials said. Australia chef de mission Kitty Chiller told reporters that a laptop and team jerseys were stolen when the facility was evacuated for a small blaze on Friday. "There was one laptop taken from one of our cycling officials on the fifth floor. Our IT equipment in our operational space had also been rifled through but nothing had been stolen," Chiller said. Chiller said during the evacuation they had noticed three fire marshals apparently stealing the Australia team shirts. "I thought maybe they have helped evacuate people and we've given them a shirt. It doesn't seem to be what happened."
AFP
Bitcoin QLUE Wants to Unmask Bitcoin Users Committing ‘Financial Crimes'
Bitcoin privacy may be reduced with the launch of QLUE alongside other deanonymization tools used to trace Bitcoin transactions and reveal user identities.
QLUE for Law Enforcement on ‘Financial Crimes'
Although Bitcoin is known for being used in criminal activities like the sale of illicit items on the deep web, its pseudonymous nature makes it less than optimal for cyber criminals. But the misconception that Bitcoin is untraceable is a common one and it's often still referred to as an ‘anonymous currency' despite its public ledger.
Now, Bitcoin may become even less anonymous with the launch of QLUE, a platform created to combat illicit transactions on the Bitcoin network.
The launch was announced yesterday by the Blockchain Intelligence Group (BIG), a Canadian company focused on big data and blockchain technology which developed QLUE to help law enforcement agencies across the world “in the fight against financial crimes involving Bitcoin” by identifying and tracing Bitcoin transactions.
QLUE incorporates various techniques and advanced search algorithms to detect suspicious activity within Bitcoin transactions, use of “Dark Web” tools such as Tor, and other methods commonly employed by criminals to cover illegal activity online.
Shone Anstey, President & Founder of BIG, stated:
As a pro-Bitcoin company, our mandate is to help eliminate abuse of the Bitcoin network. At this time I would like to thank our development team for their hard efforts and work bringing this version to fruition.
Bitcoin Watchdogs
Although the release of the QLUE platform may have a positive impact on Bitcoin and in the fight against criminal activity within its network, it is also a worrying sign for the privacy of its users.
“Privacy is necessary for an open society in the electronic age,” wrote Eric Hughes in A Cypherpunk's Manifesto (1993).
Along with QLUE, other measures for identifying cryptocurrency users are also being explored. In the European Union, a proposal was put forward by the European Commission to make exchanges store user ID's and wallet addresses in a central database..
The EU Commission is pursuing this idea despite the UK Treasury previously highlighting that cryptocurrencies are at “low risk” for being used by criminals and terrorists.
However, QLUE is not the first on the scene by far. Chainalysis, a New York-based company partnered with Interpol, also provides a tool for the fight against cybercrime, one that has checked over $15 billion worth of Bitcoin transactions so far in an effort to curb the Ransomware epidemic.
Michael Grønager, Chainalysis CEO & Co-Founder previously stated:
Bitcoin transactions used to be anonymous, but our software is capable of linking the source and recipient. In effect, bitcoin has become less anonymous than cash.
Ransomware, along with malicious DDOS attacks, have become a huge concern among businesses. Thus, it comes as no surprise that law enforcement wants to gain an edge on this technology by helping fund Blockchain intelligence companies such as Elliptic, which received $5 million USD in March 2016.
Meanwhile, in Italy, authorities are also concerned about criminals using Bitcoin, claiming that the mafia launders money via Bitcoin gambling. Furthermore, Italy's cyber police argues that online anonymity should not exist because it helps cybercriminals evade law enforcement.
In italy "cyber police" say:
"Anonymity online MUST NOT EXIST!!!" pic.twitter.com/EskfkWJvwR — Fabio Pietrosanti (@fpietrosanti) February 20, 2017
This trend towards deanonymization within Bitcoin may lead users to seek refuge in less known cryptocurrencies that focus on anonymous transactions like Zcash and Monero, of which the latter experienced a surge in price last fall in light of acceptance by several online dark markets.
Additionally, Bitcoin itself could develop resistance to such surveillance tools with proposals such as TumbleBit and Mimblewimble.
Could these new surveillance tools hurt Bitcoin privacy and fungibility? Share your thoughts below!
Images courtesy of Twitter, Shutterstock
Former US President Barack Obama has been named as the winner of the 2017 John F. Kennedy ‘Profile in Courage' award. According to a report in Washington Times on Thursday, the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation has honoured Obama “for their enduring commitment to democratic ideals and elevating the standard of political courage in a new century.” The daughter of late Kennedy, Caroline Kennedy, and their son Jack Schlossberg, will present Obama with the award on May 7 in Boston.
Advertising
Watch what else is making news:
In a tweet, Obama said they were “humbled to be recognised by a family with a legacy of service.”
“Throughout their two terms in office, President Obama upheld the highest standards of dignity, decency and integrity, serving not just as a political leader, but a moral leader, offering hope and healing to the country and providing young men and women of all backgrounds with an example they can emulate in their own lives,” the foundation was quoted as saying.
SICK. Liberal's Argue Trump's Rhetoric Is Making Children Mean …But Kids Screaming ‘F*ck Trump' Is OK
It Begins.
Pro-Hillary website Think Progress, founded by former Hillary Clinton Chief of Staff, John Podesta, is now blaming Donald Trump for mean kids.
The anti-Christian hate website Southern Poverty Law Center released a study that claims Trump is turning children into bullies.
Immigrant and Muslim students around the country are experiencing high levels of anxiety and more bullying from their peers as Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's inflammatory campaign makes its way into classrooms. Trump's unapologetic anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim rhetoric has created a “Trump effect” leading to increased bullying, harassment, and intimidation of students whose race, religions, or nationalities have been the verbal targets, according to a Southern Poverty Law Center and Teaching Tolerance report.
But, of course, kids screaming “F*ck Trump” is OK.
And kids screaming “F*ck you” at Trump supporters is also OK.
Got it?
Humans have a really strange habit of not believing that what they do can have a longterm effect on the Earth. You can find examples of this all over the place — most notably with climate change deniers who seem to think that, since a human is so small and the Earth is so large, billions of us pouring chemicals into the atmosphere couldn't possibly have any impact — but a new report out of the Netherlands offers a great example on a smaller scale.
Researchers have discovered that a drilling operation that went wrong way back in 1965 is still having an effect on the levels of methane seeping into the groundwater. Following an accidental explosion (started by a gas company crew) at a gas field in the northeast of the country the area was shut down, but scientists only just realized that methane is still leaking out over a half century later.
The gas explosion was caused by a crew working for Exxon and Shell, and resulted in a drilling rig sinking into the ground and disappearing. Afterwards, the gas field was converted to a public park. That should have been the end of the story, but as the research paper published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences explains, a recent survey of the potential environmental consequences of gas production detected elevated methane levels in well water near the site.
The methane was tested for its composition and discovered to be eerily similar to the gas from the drilling operations a half century prior. This led the scientists to conclude that cracks in the ground are allowing the gas to leak into the groundwater, a direct consequence of the gas drilling efforts and subsequent explosion.
It's obviously not great news, but the researchers are quick to point out that drinking water is typically processed to remove methane anyway, so its impact on the wider (human) population will be negligible. Still, the paper notes that methane buildup can be deadly, and although testing revealed the elevated levels of methane are highly localized, the possibility of an explosion from gas accumulation is something to keep an eye on.
Joe Cullen (born December 15, 1967) is an American football coach who is the defensive line coach of the Baltimore Ravens. Cullen was a four-year starting nose guard at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, where they started 45 straight games. They were a three-time All-Yankee Conference selection and was the Minutemen's team MVP in 1989.
They graduated from UMass in 1990 with a bachelor's degree in sports management. They spent a year as a graduate assistant there before becoming a position coach.
Career [ edit ]
Cullen's first coaching job was in 1992-98 at the University of Richmond. They coached the defensive line at LSU in 1999 and at the University of Memphis in 2001. From 2002-03 they were Indiana University's defensive line coach and in 2004 was promoted to defensive coordinator. They were at the University of Illinois in 2005.[1]
Cullen broke into the National Football League in 2006 as a defensive line coach for the Detroit Lions. Under Cullen, four different Lions players recorded career-high sack numbers.
Cullen was out of the NFL in 2009 and coached the defensive line at Idaho State. They returned to the league with the Jacksonville Jaguars defensive line coach in 2010-12. Under Cullen, the Jaguars overall ranked sixth in yards allowed and fifth in yards per carry.
Cullen spent 2013 with the Cleveland Browns. The Browns recorded 41 sacks and allowed 3.9 yards a carry that season. Both were the best the franchise had done in the previous 18 years. In 2014-15 Cullen coached the defensive line for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers under Lovie Smith. Over those two seasons, the Bucs ranked seventh in combined sacks and tackles for loss. In 2016, Cullen joined the Baltimore Ravens, where they oversee the defensive line.[2]
Personal Life [ edit ]
Cullen was fired shortly after their hire at the University of Mississippi after being charged with drunk and disorderly conduct after passing out in a local Subway.[3]
Cullen was arrested in 2006 for driving under the influence as the defensive line coach of the Detroit Lions. In another incident, also during the 2006 pre-season, they were arrested after they drove through a Wendy's drive-thru naked.[4] They were fined $20,000 and suspended for one game by the NFL for "conduct detrimental to the league" and sentenced by a judge to 10 days of community service and to attend Alcoholics Anonymous meetings.[5]
References [ edit ]
Marriage is supposed to be about life-long commitment with someone you love – for richer, for poorer.
But it seems the older generation of women are rather more pragmatic when it comes to getting wed for a second time.
A survey found that almost half of middle-aged women are primarily motivated by the financial advantages of marriage. And the key attraction in such a union was the chance to share their new husband's pension pot, the poll found.
The importance of hard-headed economics to a decision for a second marriage comes at a time of booming numbers of weddings among older women.
The latest official figures, for 2014, show a record number of 6,638 weddings in England and Wales which involved a bride aged between 55 and 60.
More than 5,000 women who married in their late 50s were divorced, almost 650 were widowed, and fewer than 1,000 were marrying for the first time, according to the Office for National Statistics. Increasing numbers of women are marrying into what would once have been considered old age – numbers of brides over 65 went up by more than half in the five years to 2014.
A survey found that almost half of middle-aged women are primarily motivated by the financial advantages of marriage
The survey of 1,000 women aged over 55, carried out by pollsters Opinium for Investec Wealth & Investment, found that 48 per cent of divorcees and widows who decided to remarry said money was a key reason.
They thought their financial status would be better than wives than as unmarried cohabitee partners. Some 45 per cent said that remarriage was important because it conferred an automatic right to share their new husband's pension, and they would continue to benefit from the pension if the marriage were to break up or if they were to be widowed.
More than a third, 36 per cent, cited the guaranteed right to inherit from their husband.
Almost a quarter said the inheritance tax advantage of married couples was an important factor. Husbands and wives can inherit from each other untaxed and in some cases a widow who leaves their estate to their children or grandchildren can bequeath as much as £850,000 tax-free.
But Investec warned that marriage could complicate the financial arrangements of women with children from an earlier relationship. Nearly three quarters of divorced women who remarry in middle age ensure some of their assets are kept separate from those of their new husband, the survey found. The pragmatic financial reasoning of the growing number of women who remarry in their late 50s and later comes at a time of unprecedented changes in the lives of many older people.
While marriage among over-55s has reached a record level, there has also been a wave of divorces in that age group.
While marriage among over-55s has reached a record level, there has also been a wave of divorces in that age group
One key reason analysts believe marriage breakdown among the middle-aged is becoming more common is the growing financial independence of women.
Helen Medhurst-Jackson, of Investec, said: ‘Money alone does not guarantee a successful marriage but whether we like it or not it is a key factor, and that is well recognised by those women who have already married.
‘Most later-life marriages involve both partners bringing their own financial assets and these often vary in type and value.
‘The decision around whether these are shared or kept separate from their new partner needs to be taken at the start to avoid confusion if the marriage ends in death or divorce.
‘It is also important to agree an inheritance plan, particularly for couples with children from previous relationships.'
Add-PSSnapin Microsoft.SharePoint.PowerShell -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue #Get the Site collection $site=Get-SPSite "http://sharepoint.crescent.com/PMO/" #Loop throgh each subsite in the site collection foreach($web in $Site.AllWebs) { #Get the Default.aspx file $file= $web.GetFile($web.Url +"/SitePages/Home.aspx") if($file.Exists) { #Web Part Manager to get all web parts from the file $WebPartManager = $web.GetLimitedWebPartManager( $file, [System.Web.UI.WebControls.WebParts.PersonalizationScope]::Shared) #Iterate through each web part foreach($webPart in $WebPartManager.WebParts) { # Get the Content Editor web part with specific Title if( ($webPart.title -eq "Dashboard Links") -and ($webPart.GetType() -eq [Microsoft.SharePoint.WebPartPages.ContentEditorWebPart]) ) { #Content to be Placed inside CEWP $HtmlContent= "<ul><li><a href='/pmo/dashboard/team-allocation.aspx'>PMO Team Allocation</a></li><li><a href='/pmo/dashboard/bi-dashboard.aspx'>PMO Business Intelligence Dashboard</a></li><li><a href='/pmo/dashboard/pmi-admin.aspx'>PMO PMIS Admin</a></li><li><a href='/pmo/dashboard/pmo-yammer.aspx'>PMO on Yammer</a></li></ul>" $XmlDoc = New-Object System.Xml.XmlDocument $contentXml=$xmlDoc.CreateElement("content") $contentXml.InnerText= $HtmlContent #Set content and Save $webpart.Content = $contentXml $webPartManager.SaveChanges($webPart); } } } }
We've a Project site collection with 100's of sub sites created for each project from a custom site template. Home page of each site has a content Editor web part with some content in it, titled "Dashboard Links". Years later, business wanted to change the content in the "Dashboard Links" in each site!So, Here the requirement is to set the Content Editor web part's content in all sub sites. Lets use PowerShell to automate:
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: We move now to Tibet and China. Juan?
JUAN GONZALEZ: Well, China has acknowledged for the first time that anti-government protests in Tibet over the past few days have spread to other provinces. The protests erupted last week when Buddhist monks took to the streets of Lhasa to mark the anniversary of the 1959 uprising against Chinese rule. Chinese authorities responded by sending in hundreds of troops to crack down on the demonstrators. Human rights groups say dozens of people have been killed and hundreds arrested. China has placed strict limits on Western journalists trying to report on the unrest, with the last foreign journalist known to be in Lhasa being forced to leave, according to the BBC.
Meanwhile, Tibet's spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, has accused China of waging cultural genocide and threatened to step down as Tibet's political leader if the violence continues.
THE DALAI LAMA: As early as '87, again in this very room, the British journalist Jonathan Mirsky — I interviewed here. And they asked me, “If these things become out of control, violence, tell what you do.” Then I categorically regret. Immediately I told, if things become out of control, then my only option is completely resign, completely resign.
JUAN GONZALEZ: British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao is ready to talk to the Dalai Lama if they renounce the violence and demands Tibetan independence.
PRIME MINISTER GORDON BROWN: I spoke to Premier Wen of China this morning, and I made it absolutely clear that there had to be an end to violence in Tibet. And I hope that all sides of the House will agree with that. I also called for constraint, and I called for an end to the violence by dialogue between the different parties. The premier told me that subject to two things that the Dalai Lama has already said — that they do not support the total independence of Tibet and that they renounce violence — that they would be prepared to enter into dialogue with the Dalai Lama.
JUAN GONZALEZ: But just a day earlier, the Chinese Premier accused the Dalai Lama of being behind the violence.
PREMIER WEN JIABAO: [translated] We have ample evidence to prove that this incident was organized, premeditated and masterminded by the Dalai Lama clique. This is all the more revealed, that the consistent claims by the Dalai Lama clique, that they pursue not independence but peaceful dialogue, are nothing but lies.
AMY GOODMAN: The wave of anti-government protests in Tibet come less than 200 days before the start of the Summer Olympics in Beijing. Tibetans living in exile have been holding protests across the globe and have called for a boycott of the Games.
Lhakpa Kyizom is with us, a Tibetan activist. She's on the phone from Dharamsala in India. They work at a Tibetan NGO called the Active Non-Violence Education Center. [We're] also joined on the phone by Robert Thurman, professor of Indo-Tibetan Buddhist studies at Columbia University and president of Tibet House US, a cultural preservation nonprofit. Their forthcoming book is called Why the Dalai Lama Matters: How Their Act of Truth is a Solution for China, Tibet and the World.
We welcome you both to Democracy Now! I want to begin with Lhakpa Kyizom in India, in Dharamsala. What is happening with these protests? Who is protesting? And the figures you've had on the number of Tibetans who have died, are we talking more than a hundred now in this latest wave of protest?
LHAKPA KYIZOM: Yes. In Dharamsala right now, they are like — the five NGOs have organized a peace march to Tibet, to the Tibetan border, to enter into Tibet. And also, there are so many spontaneous protests that are happening on the streets here in Dharamsala. And since the national flag, Tibetan national flag, was banned in Tibet, in Dharamsala right now you can see so many Tibetans flags, you know, as a symbol of hope, which is used by the Tibetans and non-Tibetan supporters on their bags, on their, you know, head, on their shoulder. You know, they all carry the Tibetan national flag, which was banned in Tibet. So there's a lot happening, like a hunger fight is happening, Tibetan peace protest by the monks, by the nuns, and a lot of like frustration demonstration by the younger generations of like using the slogans of “Free Tibet” and “Return of Their Holiness the Dalai Lama” and “Victory of Tibet.”
JUAN GONZALEZ: I'd like to ask you, the Chinese government has released some video that shows some rioting or attacks on — or looting going on and also claiming attacks on Chinese residents in Tibet. Your response to that?
LHAKPA KYIZOM: Sorry, I didn't hear you properly.
JUAN GONZALEZ: I said that the Chinese government has released some video showing looting or attacks —-
LHAKPA KYIZOM: Yes, yes, yes.
JUAN GONZALEZ: —- by protesters and also claiming attacks on Chinese who live in Tibet. Any response to that?
LHAKPA KYIZOM: Yes. I think it's just the media, you know, the feed on media. The Xinhua News Agency is just a mouthpiece of the Chinese government. And that's why Their Holiness, in their press conference, said that. The international community and the media should really, you know, probe and do an investigation in Tibet what's really happening in Tibet. I think that — we urge the international media to really — media and NGOs in the community to really find out the real facts of Tibet.
AMY GOODMAN: Professor Thurman, can you talk about what sparked this latest wave of protest and where you see this going?
ROBERT THURMAN: Yes, Amy. I think it's sort of the straw that broke the camel's back, and it took us totally by surprise. And I think it took Their Holiness the Dalai Lama very much by surprise. They were — everyone was kind of focused on the march from Dharamsala, the nonviolent march to Delhi and then to the Tibetan border that the young Tibetan activists were doing. And Their Holiness was quite worried about that. Also, they did not call for that, either. That's something they did on their own initiative and — because there is an agreement between the Tibetan government in exile and the Indian government not to do political things on the sort of Indian territory where they are refugees. So the Chinese claim that this is the work of the Dalai Lama clique is very laughable, but also very sinister.
And that is the main point I'd like to get across, is that when Wen Jiabao in their press conference and also the hard-line officials in Tibet say this is the work of the Dalai Lama clique, this is very sinister, because the Dalai Lama clique is all of the Tibetan people. All of the Tibetan people follow the Dalai Lama and whatever they do and says, and they — and the monks were just protesting about local conditions where they are — some of them were arrested at the last Congressional Gold Medal Award last fall — and they went and painted the monastery in celebration, because they were forbidden to have a formal celebration, but they were arrested anyway, monks of Drepung Monastery. And so, they were marching peacefully and nonviolently on the March 10th occasion in order to protest those conditions, as well as to celebrate the day, knowing full well that they might bring onto themselves there the full force of the Chinese intolerance of any sort of demonstration by Tibetans in Tibet.
And then, when they were shot at and when they were suppressed violently and beaten, then the Tibetan community exploded, because they're are a tinderbox, because China has been smothering them with immigration because of this train — three or four million people came pouring into Tibet — and also the Chinese have been pushing them very hard by making them denounce the Dalai Lama and, you know, controlling their studies and persecuting them in all kinds of ways. So it's a kind of spontaneous outburst of all the Tibetans all over Tibet, including all the areas where two-thirds of the Tibetans live outside of the Tibet autonomous region.
So when they say — the Chinese — the Dalai Lama clique and that they have a life-and-death struggle with the Dalai Lama clique, what they're saying is they have a life-and-death struggle against all Tibetans, because there's no clique. It's just all of the Tibetans. So, in a way, they're openly proclaiming their intention and their practice of trying to commit cultural genocide on the Tibetans, as the Dalai Lama said.
And the fact — and that the Dalai Lama called for either violence or nonviolence is ridiculous. They didn't call for either, because they know that nonviolent protest in the face of the Chinese oppression leads to violence, because the Chinese will suppress it with violence, and then some Tibetans will not be able to keep to nonviolent discipline, as you saw on those videos from the Chinese state. They don't show you any videos, as independent journalists would have, of Chinese troops firing live ammunition into crowds and beating monks, and so forth, which they always do.
JUAN GONZALEZ: Robert Thurman, your sense of — given the fact that we're about 200 days away from the Olympics in China, that the Tibetan people see this — this moment as a chance to be able to get before the world in a way that they've not been able to do in the past what is going on in Tibet?
ROBERT THURMAN: Well, yes, they do see it as that, but it's not really that calculated. In other words, they sort of see the Chinese sort of parading around saying, “We're so great, and we're so nice to everybody, and everyone in Tibet is so happy,” and then, in other words, they see them saying that, and then they react emotionally to that, because they are so miserable and they are being so oppressed and they are being completely violated, you know, in their identity, and they're supposed to just stop being Tibetan, basically, which is what the Chinese are saying openly.
And so, it isn't like it's a calculated scheme — “Now we're going to do something, you know, to do something about the [inaudible] the Chinese” — not at all, although, of course, the emotional feeling of most Tibetans is that the Chinese shouldn't be allowed to host the Olympics, because the Chinese are not behaving in a civilized manner in Tibet. For sure, their genocidal face is absolutely clearly shown to the world in Tibet. But on the other hand —-
AMY GOODMAN: And, Professor Thurman, we -—
ROBERT THURMAN: — the Dalai Lama and the leadership is all for the Chinese to do the Olympics, because they feel that only if the Chinese sort of come out in the world and sort of try to be normal and be transparent and let people see what they're really doing, then they won't — then they will stop doing all these totalitarian and dictatorial things.
AMY GOODMAN: Professor Thurman, we only have a few more seconds. You're very close to the Dalai Lama. You're coming out with a book on the Dalai Lama. What they said about stepping down as political leader of Tibet, if the violence continues?
ROBERT THURMAN: Yes. Well, the context of that is like Gandhi, when sometimes they would have nonviolent nationwide strikes in India to protest the British domination of them, and then some members of the Dalai — Gandhi's movement would sort of flip out, and there would be local violence somewhere, they would burn a police station, or some things like that happened in the Indian independence movement. And in those times, immediately Gandhi would call off any sort of strike, and they would say they are not leading this, and, you know, they would denounce their own followers if they went or moved over from nonviolence to violence.
And what the Dalai Lama is saying there merely is that if their followers lose the discipline of being nonviolent, which is what they mainly have done for forty years or fifty years under the most extreme oppression, but if any of them blow it or lose it and it becomes like a violent movement — you know, the young people who are impatient or the people in Tibet who are really being beaten too hard — then, however, they will not lead the movement, because they will not adopt a violent strategy. That is what he's saying.
And I'm sure that the Tibetans will react to that very, you know, strongly, although he's different than Gandhi in that they didn't call for this movement at the moment. But they — but by saying that if they do violence, that's their reaction to those videos that the Chinese showed, where some Tibetans were taking this chance to burn shops and things, which of course is very oppressive to them. They have no shops of their own in Lhasa. The Chinese have taken over all the commerce in Lhasa. And the Tibetans have no — the Tibetans are really impoverished by the so-called development of Tibet, because the development of Tibet the Chinese have been doing is all to colonize it with Chinese. So it's developing it so Chinese can live there, which itself is futile, because the Chinese can't live at 13,000 feet long term; they get sick. So it's a really sad story.
AMY GOODMAN: Professor Robert Thurman, we're going to have to leave it there, but I thank you very much for being with us, a professor of Indo-Tibetan studies at Columbia University. Also, on the line with us, we have been joined by Lhakpa Kyizom, who is a Tibetan activist, speaking to us from Dharamsala, India.
Kim Coates discusses their family friendly film “Adventure Club” and why he's moved on from “Sons of Anarchy.”
You probably know them from “Sons of Anarchy” with their role as Tig Trager, but Kim Coates has been in the industry for quite some time and carries a lot of diversity with their projects. We touched a bit on “Sons of Anarchy” and if we'd ever see them return to the role for the Kurt Sutter spinoff, but we also discussed a change of pace with their role in the family film “Adventure Club.” Read more below to understand why and how Kim Coates is such a talented individual.
Starting off with introductions and greetings, Kim quickly established their upbeat, charismatic personality.
“Ryan, Ryan Ryan…I'm a good brother how are you?”
Tig Trager was officially my favorite character on “Sons of Anarchy.” Before starting the interview I had a quick fanboy moment to convey how much I loved Kim Coates' performance on the show.
“As I should be, and thank you very much. (laughs) It's such a…that show right? What a crazy seven years that was and I can't tell you…all of us put our hearts and soul into [Sons of Anarchy] including the crew. We'll never forget it but, mother f*cker, people sure loved Tig man. They loved that character and I'm just so tickled when people say that. It's really sweet so thanks.”
Given that the “Sons of Anarchy” spinoff is moving forward, I was curious as to whether or not Kim would be involved and if they would be open to being involved.
“What a great question. This is all I know. The Mayans spinoff, they're trying to create some magic in a bottle and I hope they find it because I'm a big fan of Kurt Sutter, I'm a big fan of John Landgraf. And Emilio Rivera, I love him. All I know is bro, I've moved on, we've all moved on. But the only two leads that survive ‘Sons Of Anarchy' are myself and Tommy Flanagan. So we'll leave it at that, it's all I know. I've left it in my rear view mirror, but I wish them all the luck in the world, I really do.”
Going from a gritty show like “Sons of Anarchy” to a film like “Adventure Club” takes Kim Coates to both ends of the spectrum. What kind of challenges did they face going into these two diverse films?
“[Sons of Anarchy] ended a little over two years ago and I know that all of us, on that epic run that we had, were exhausted and yet I was okay to move on man. I'll never forget playing Tig, but that was a long time. Being the actor I am, coming from the stage and movies and the odd arc on TV to series regular like Tig was a big leap of faith for me and I'm so glad I did it with Kurt Sutter, our crazy showrunner. But for me man, I couldn't wait to get rid of the cut and get off my bike and get fat, get skinny, get back.”
“I just completed my ninth movie about a month ago since ‘Sons' has been over and “The Adventure Club” was kind of right in the middle of these nine projects. I'll never forget, when they offered it to me, Shayne Putzlocher and Sara Shaak from Twilight Entertainment up in Canada, they just said to my people, ‘I don't know if we can afford Kim…' and I said to my people, ‘No let me read it, I wanna read it'. And I read this script and Ryan, it was so good and it was so different, and like you just said, it was so family-oriented, and my character, Uncle Ozzie, to be able to create him…I wore four pairs of glasses and I was frumpy and I was funny and I got to work with these three brilliant little actors. Like Sam Arnold, Dalila Bela, and Jakob Davies, they play the three leads of this picture. Billy Zane and I and Gabrielle Miller from ‘Corner Gas' and myself, we surround these kids. It was such an honor because it was so different. It was just so much fun.”
“Adventure Club” also took part in a particularly charitable act. Much of the ticket proceeds went to the Boys and Girls Club.
“Yeah, that was back in October. Shane [Putzlocher] and Sara [Shaak] have this beautiful kids club up in Canada and I think there were 100 screenings of [Adventure Club] back in October in different cities across Canada. And I don't know how much money they made for this kids club, but it was a lot. When you work with people like that who give back to the community like Shane and Sara and their team, it's an honor.”
As Uncle Ozzie, it seemed like Kim Coates was the character with the source of knowledge to further the adventure. They connect the characters to their grandfather's past and is vital in keeping their journey moving forward.
“What happens in a nutshell is these three kids have their own club called ‘The Adventure Club' and they go on adventures. They stumble upon this, for a lack of a better term, magic lantern or magic box box, and Sam Arnold who plays Ricky, our lead kid, their grandfather back in the past, they had something and Ricky didn't know what it was and they stumble upon this box. And when they find this thing, they know it's something weird and dark and wonderful and they don't know what it is. “
“So they come to their best older dude called Ozzie, and they call me Uncle Ozzie. So they come to me for guidance and when they show me this piece of paper, Ryan, I know that this is ‘holy crapola'.”
Kim Coates has had a progressive, successful career in the entertainment industry. While their “Sons of Anarchy” role has captivated many, they have brought that same intensity to a variety of roles. A particular role I remembered was one from the movie “Waterworld” where they played a pivotal part in defining Kevin Costner's character.
“All these movies and some small parts, there's no such thing as a small part, but you know what I mean. Some are leads, some are 8-9 on the call sheet, some are like the one in ‘Waterworld'. I had one scene but it was the longest scene in the movie and it was halfway through the film and it was so pivotal for [Kevin] Costner's character and Kevin Reynolds who directed me, they just let me go and I came up with this wacky Irish/English accent and lost all this weight and Jeanne Tripplehorn was scared shitless of me. For me, I'm an actor, I get into it and people still recognize me from that movie and ‘The Last Boyscout' and ‘The Client'. Those old [movies] in the 90s when I was first becoming a Hollywood actor, I had some great little films that I was involved in and people still remember them.”
What kind of preparation goes into a role like “Adventure Club” which is more family friendly versus something gritty like “Sons of Anarchy?” As Kim stated, they played Tig Trager for quite some time, what was it like preparing for a role at the opposite end of the spectrum?
“I did Sons for so long, all the prep I did, I did on the job there. We got into it pretty fast and furious so you read your books and what club members are like and how do they sleep and what are their codes and we had a real guy on set who helped us out with that club life in biker clubs. That was a lot of prep early and I never stopped learning about my guy I played for seven years. But to be broken free of Tig Trager…I just completed my ninth film in two years and every single one has been so completely different. On so many levels I can't even begin to tell you. It's madness for me in the best possible way.”
“But Ozzie, when I got offered this guy I thought right away, ‘Well these kids, they come to him, so they trust him'. So why do they trust him? From the writing you could tell they loved their antiques and their shop and they still believed in old fashioned things. So I had all these glasses that I wore, like 4 sets of glasses. Now that's A, it's funny and B, that was just something to play with. And I made sure there was an old bike on set that I could ride around. This fifty year old bike that was so fun to just be on. It made me feel like old school. The clothes, the costumers did such a great job with my wardrobe. All frumpy and vests and bigger pants and loafers. And Jeff Anderson, the director, just let me go and working with these kids, I didn't even really direct these kids. So preparation is different for every show, but I read a lot for this guy and to be a curator of almost like a museum and you take pride in knowing where everything is. I just walked around the set for a day before we started filming and got myself frequented with where everything was and I just enjoyed the experience so much with these three kids, it was something very different for me. That's why I act, I love being different.”
Given that Kim is a veteran in the industry and has so many different projects, I wanted to discover what they were looking forward to.
“Every single one. I've got this one that I'm talking to you about, ‘Adventure Club' [that I'm] so excited for because it's such a family movie. Then you want to go the opposite spectrum…'Officer Downe'. It's about as hard R as you can get. It should be almost an X. It's that violent and that sexual and that crazy. The world I live in, coming from a comic book world. I play the title character, I play Officer Downe, do all my own stunts. I can't tell you what that was like, it was brutally exciting. Shawn Crahan from Slipknot directed, their first feature, it's nuts! No it's nuts! And ‘Officer Downe', open on video and demand. It did really well back in December but now they're opening on DVDs, I'll be doing a lot more press coming up for that in early March. So look for that one.”
“I've got this beautiful little movie with Carrie Coon and Holly Hunter called ‘Strange Weather'. It's opening in festivals everywhere. I shot that a little over a year ago. I play the sweetest man on the planet. It's such a sweet guy, my mom's gonna be like not believing it, but there ya go Ma!”
“Goon 2, the big hockey movie I did four years ago. We did a sequel. We're all coming back, Liev Schrieber, Sean William Scott, and Jay Baruchel directed this one and starred in it. Amazing to have all the boys back. Damn it's funny! It's coming out March 17th everywhere.
Kim Coates is an extremely fun person to speak with. Being someone filled with energy and remaining down to Earth, I cannot wait to speak with them again.
“Thanks Ryan. All the best, I'll talk to you again!”
“Adventure Club” is currently available on demand and digital through various outlets.
BATH, Maine — The nation's largest and most technologically sophisticated destroyer will join the Navy with a crew that's the smallest of any destroyer built since the 1930s thanks to extensive automation.
The stealthy Zumwalt departed Wednesday from Bath Iron Works to head to its commissioning ceremony with a crew of 147 officers and sailors that was praised by their skipper for their preparation over the past three years to get the first-in-class warship ready for duty.
"On this ship, teamwork is at a premium. The three things this crew exemplifies is high level of technical expertise, great teamwork and then the toughness to get done what needs to get done," Capt. James Kirk said before the ship maneuvered down the Kennebec River to sea.
Exclusive: Navy's New Stealth Destroyer Chris Cavas, Defense News Naval Warfare Correspondent, discusses their visit on board the advanced destroyer Zumwalt for an exclusive first look.
The 610-foot destroyer once headed out for sea trials in a snowstorm, and hundreds of people gathered to watch Wednesday as it headed into the remnants of Tropical Storm Hermine while leaving Maine for good.
The churning ocean with seas up to 14 feet high near Cape Cod won't prevent the Zumwalt from paying a visit Thursday to Newport, Rhode Island.
The sleek warship will turn heads, no doubt.
It features an angular shape to minimize its radar signature, an unconventional wave-piercing hull and a composite deckhouse that hides radar and other sensors. It boasts a powerful new gun system that can unload 600 rocket-powered projectiles on targets more than 70 miles away.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Navy Times Daily News Roundup
It weighs in at nearly 15,000 tons, about 50 percent heavier than current destroyers. But the crew size is half of the 300 personnel of those ships.
Heavy automation of fire suppression, flood control and other systems means fewer sailors are required, part of a trend in the Navy. The new Ford-class aircraft carriers will sail with several hundred fewer crew members.
David Aitken, the Zumwalt's fire control chief, said all sailors are cross-trained, but there's more sharing of tasks on the Zumwalt.
"We all work together because there are fewer of us," said the chief petty officer, who's the primary supervisor for sailors who operate the ship's weapon systems. They said they prefer the arrangement because there's more work to do and more systems to learn.
But some are concerned that the Navy could be going too far in reducing the number of sailors. Commanding officers like to have an "extra margin" to account for injuries or missions that could leave the crew depleted, said retired Vice Adm. Pete Daly, CEO of the U.S. Naval Institute.
The Zumwalt, Daly said, has the smallest crew size since the Farragut-class built in the 1930s, which featured a similar complement of sailors. And those ships were tiny in comparison to the Zumwalt, they added.
Capt. James Kirk, skipper of the future USS Zumwalt, stands in front of the destroyer at Bath Iron Works on Tuesday, Sept. 6, 2016, in Bath, Maine. The ship is due to depart the shipyard on Wednesday to be commissioned in Baltimore. (AP Photo/David Sharp)
Capt. James Kirk, skipper of the future Zumwalt, stands in front of the destroyer at Bath Iron Works on Tuesday in Bath, Maine. The ship left the shipyard on Wednesday to be commissioned in Baltimore.
Photo Credit: David Sharp/AP
The Zumwalt's crew is constantly talked up by Kirk, who wants to make sure the highly trained sailors are not overshadowed by the vessel's technology.
But it's hard to escape the ship's gee-whiz factor.
The bridge looks like something from "Star Trek" with two chairs surrounded by nearly 360 degrees of video monitors, with inevitable comparisons of the Zumwalt to the Starship Enterprise and the skipper to the fictional Captain Kirk.
The real Kirk shrugs off the Starfleet jokes with a smile.
Brock Lesnar's most recent opponent was Dean Ambrose. In WWE. Brock Lesnar's next opponent is Mark Hunt. In UFC. It's not often you find an athlete like Lesnar who can lay legitimate claim to superstardom in both rings. But after the Lesnar-Hunt fight at UFC 200 is finished, regardless of the outcome, Brock will set the stage for their next WWE feud, guaranteeing their appearance at SummerSlam.
As recently as three years ago, it might have been difficult to fathom Lesnar facing either Ambrose or Hunt in 2016. Brock was a little more than a year into their return to the WWE, having been forced to withdraw from UFC competition due to their bout with diverticulitis. Ambrose was still a member of The Shield while Hunt was still trying to make a name for themselves in a heavyweight division that Lesnar used to rule.
[Image via WWE]
Since Lesnar's return to WWE in 2012 and subsequent decision to re-sign with Vince McMahon and company, The Beast has had memorable feuds with CM Punk, Triple H, John Cena, Roman Reigns, Seth Rollins, and the Undertaker. There are still plenty of headlining programs to be had before they hang it up for good. Paul Heyman insinuated as much in a recent interview with ESPN to promote Lesnar's upcoming UFC bout. Lesnar's advocate revealed both rookies and veterans as potential new WWE feuds for their client. (Thanks to Daily Wrestling News for the transcription.)
“Obviously, whoever holds the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Once you get past that, just look at the NXT roster and you'll see guys like Samoa Joe and [Finn] Balor and all this talent that is coming up and about to break into the main roster. I would love to see these guys. I would love to see modern-day Brock Lesnar against modern-day Randy Orton. And I still don't think the public is tired of seeing Lesnar against John Cena.”
Heyman isn't intentionally avoiding anyone from that list, but the two glaring omissions seem to be The Rock and Bray Wyatt. The Brock Lesnar vs. The Rock dream match has been rumored for years, with WWE officials hopeful that the mega-showdown can finally happen at next year's WrestleMania. Wyatt and Brock engaged in a mini-feud around the 2016 Royal Rumble but never materialized beyond that. Expectations are that Wyatt remains on the short list for Lesnar's possible SummerSlam opponents come August.
Randy Orton is certainly an intriguing name. Lesnar and the Legend Killer have never squared off at a pay-per-view despite debuting with the WWE in the same year (along with Cena and Batista). Their lone match came on a September episode of SmackDown in 2002, with Brock basically winning a squash match. Orton was still by and large a white-meat babyface at that point who had yet to align themselves with Triple H and Ric Flair in Evolution. However, the fact that Brock Lesnar and Randy Orton never had a meaningful feud in the ensuing years since, is almost a travesty.
[Image via WWE]
Heyman has touted Samoa Joe and Finn Balor as future stars on the main roster in many of the interviews they grant. Balor has long been the face of NXT, with a promotion to the big leagues well overdue. Their name sells a match with Lesnar immediately, but Samoa Joe might be the more realistic opponent based on their tough-guy image and real-life legitimacy they portray in the ring. That would certainly come in handy with Lesnar coming off an actual fight in the UFC's octagon.
Brock Lesnar is always a must-see attraction in WWE, but their 2016 summer will be all the more compelling because of the impending brand extension. Whether he'll be on RAW, SmackDown, or simply a free agent will make for some quality TV. And there won't be too many disappointed fans if Lesnar were to meet up with any of the names Heyman listed off.
[Image via WWE]
The Department of Homeland Security told in 21 states on Friday that Russian hackers attempted to access their voting systems in the 2016 election. told election officials in 21 states on Friday that Russian hackers attempted to access their voting systems in the 2016 election.
DHS contacted officials in all 50 states to tell them whether they had been targeted. The department declined to publicly name the 21 states hackers tried to breach.
But HuffPost and But HuffPost and The Associated Press contacted election officials across the country and identified those states. They are: Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin.
Election officials in most of those states were quick to note the hackers were unsuccessful. In some states, the suspicious activity amounted merely to seeing if there was a vulnerability in the system. Only Illinois said hackers had successfully accessed voter information, according to AP. DHS has said there's no evidence any votes, anywhere in the country, were changed by the attempted intrusions.
DHS told California “Russian cyber actors” scanned the state's internet-facing systems in 2016, but there was “no evidence that any systems were penetrated or compromised in any way,” Secretary of State Alex Padilla (D) said in a statement. “Scanning is an unauthorized attempt to identify weaknesses in a computer or network ― akin to a burglar looking for unlocked doors in a house,” Padilla added.
DHS contacted the state officials after the agency was criticized for not doing enough to help states bolster election system cybersecurity defenses. A top DHS official told Congress over the summer that DHS contacted the state officials after the agency was criticized for not doing enough to help states bolster election system cybersecurity defenses. A top DHS official told Congress over the summer that 21 states had been targeted last year , but the department didn't name the states or tell state election officials whether their systems were hit.
“It's unacceptable that it took almost a year after the election to notify states that their elections systems were targeted, but I'm relieved that DHS has acted upon our numerous requests and is finally informing the top elections officials in all 21 affected states that Russian hackers tried to breach their systems in the run up to the 2016 election,” Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.), the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said in a statement.
DHS spokesperson Scott McConnell said in a statement the agency was refining its process for sharing information with state officials.
“DHS does not publicly disclose cybersecurity information shared between the department and its partners,” McConnell said. “When we become aware of a potential victim, DHS notifies the owner or operator of the system, who in this case may not necessarily be the Secretary of State's office. However, recognizing that state and local officials should be kept informed about cybersecurity risks to election infrastructure, we are working with them to refine our processes for sharing this information while protecting the integrity of investigations and the confidentiality of system owners.”
The disclosures to states come amid continued probes into Russia's influence in the 2016 election, which President The disclosures to states comes amid continued probes into Russia's influence in the 2016 election, which President Donald Trump and the White House have sought to downplay. Trump has acknowledged Russia was “probably” behind election hacking. U.S. intelligence agencies are certain of Russia's involvement .
US stocks had their worst day in eight months on Wednesday as investors wrestled with anxieties over how Washington politics could derail the Trump rally.
The recent turmoil over revelations that President Trump allegedly tried to pressure former FBI Director James Comey to drop their probe into ex-National Security Adviser Mike Flynn could bog down the president's plans to stimulate the economy, many fears.
With those fears now in many investors' heads, the Dow Jones industrial average tumbled 372 points, or 1.8 percent, on Wednesday, 20,606.93. It was the biggest one-day slide since Sept. 9, when the market was spooked by fears of an unexpected rise in interest rates.
The S&P 500, a broader stock measure, also slid 1.8 percent, to 2,357.03. The Nasdaq, which hit an all-time high on Tuesday, fell 2.6 percent, to 6,011.23.
President Trump has hoped to pass their economic agenda this year — including tax cuts, public works spending and a regulation rollback — but that may now be impossible with Congress wrapped up in the Comey controversy.
“If Trump stays in office, then it impedes the progress of tax reform,” Sam Stovall, market strategist at CFRA, told The Post.
On Wednesday, investors were spooked, for once, by the lack of tweets coming from Trump's Twitter streams. In the past, the president had used the platform to defend themselves against stories they saw as unfair.
“I don't know what that's about. That looks a little interesting, doesn't it? We're always just one tweet away,” Chris Rupkey, chief financial officer at MUFG Union Bank, told The Post.
Market soothsayers were split on how deep a pullback could go — from 100 points in the Dow to a full-on correction of more than 10 percent, or 2,000 points.
Few were expecting markets to move much higher in the near term.
“Is the Trump trade over? I think doubts have crept in,” Josh Feinman, chief global economist at Deutsche Bank's asset management arm, told The Post. “The political stumbles by the administration make it tough to get the agenda through, for sure. That agenda was having trouble already.
Viva Piñata is a video game franchise by Microsoft Studios and Rare. The series' first game, Viva Piñata (2006), was conceived as a mobile gardening game before Rare was acquired by Microsoft. It was released on Xbox 360. It launched alongside an animated series produced by 4Kids. The game received two console sequels: Viva Piñata: Party Animals (2007) and Viva Piñata: Trouble in Paradise (2008), as well as a handheld release, Viva Piñata: Pocket Paradise (2008), for the Nintendo DS.
Development [ edit ]
(pictured) theme. Rare decided on the game's animal and gardening motif before adding the piñatatheme.
Rare co-founder Tim Stamper conceptualized a gardening game for the handheld Pocket PC platform around 2002. A small (three-person[1]) team began work on a simple prototype while the Rare was still affiliated with Nintendo, prior to its Microsoft acquisition. The game's development transferred to the original Xbox and, ultimately, to the Xbox 360 for its graphics capabilities. Rare wanted its animals to have a unified style, which was how the game's concept artist arrived at the piñata concept. The idea was exciting to Rare, as piñatas were not commonplace in England. The connection between piñatas and candy-filled insides led to new gameplay directions.[2]
The Viva Piñata team was a model for productivity and regular output within Rare and Microsoft Studios.[2] Though compared to the 12-person teams behind earlier Rare games, the company's Xbox 360 development teams consisted of 50 to 60 people.[3] The Viva Piñata team included about 50 people at its zenith. Microsoft also transitioned its development teams to use the company's XNA package to streamline and reduce duplication in engineering efforts. Microsoft pressured the Viva Piñata development team to keep the game's themes kid-friendly,[2] as the parent company planned for the game and resulting franchise to increase the market appeal of their Xbox 360. In 2006, a Microsoft Games executive called the game its most important franchise. But its reception was tepid.[4]
As Rare released the original Viva Piñata for the Xbox 360 in 2006, its development team saw it as incomplete. The developers had cut partial ideas from the release in order to meet their deadlines.[3] Rare's Gregg Mayles said that the game sold well and steadily on par with their expectations[5] and Xbox's Phil Spencer added that the game was considered a success inside the company.[4] The team incorporated player feedback and worked towards a "more definitive version" of the original.[3] Mayles left the team to work on Banjo-Kazooie: Nuts & Bolts and Justin Cook became the team's lead designer.[1] The sequel was built atop the original and the developers re-used many of the tools from the original game's development.[6] In both the sequel and the original, the development team volunteered to record the sounds used for the piñatas.[6] One of the team's new ideas was "Piñata Vision", a feature that detects printed cards via the Xbox camera to change the in-game environment (e.g, adding piñatas or altering the weather).[1] Near the time of the sequel's release, Rare's Mayles figured that the team would likely not have enough new gameplay ideas to warrant a sequel to Trouble in Paradise,[3] though Cook said that they would work on the game's shop interface had they more time.[7] The games were later re-released on the 2015 compilation of Rare games, Rare Replay,[8] but the server that handled their piñata sharing features had been shut down by that time.[9]
In-between the two series releases, Rare released Viva Piñata: Party Animals.[1] In early 2007, a Microsoft Games executive had expressed interest in continuing the series onto the Nintendo DS platform.[4] Rare had attempted to make Trouble in Paradise's camera features work with Pocket Paradise, but chose instead to release the games on time.[7]
Games [ edit ]
Animated series [ edit ]
Viva Piñata was planned as a larger intellectual property. 4Kids TV had agreed to make a Viva Piñata cartoon before the game was released. 4Kids selected the series out of several Microsoft properties offered. 4Kids also handled the series merchandising. The cartoon is tied very closely to the game, and its animations are based on the game's own 3D character models. Its episodes are approved by Rare's Gregg Mayles for their applicability to the game. The cartoon was also designed to give viewers tips on how to interact with the in-game piñatas.[2] The animated series' storyline later influenced the plot of Trouble in Paradise.[6]
Most of the childless women I know do find peace with their circumstances, even if it takes some time. Until, that is, someone comes along and demands their curiosity itch be scratched as to why no kids or, worse, declares you emotionally or spiritually unfulfilled with uncalled for comments such as the one I endured.
I believe children are a gift and not a given in life, and those who receive should be grateful. They should not be offering from on high ''Oh, it is such a pity'', ''a tragedy'', ''you would have loved it'', consolations to those without - even if well intended. People need to stop and think what they are really saying to another with ''you don't know love until you have a child'', ''I wasn't complete until I had kids'', ''you are nothing without family'' or the deplorable ''don't you like children?''
A guised compliment does not a sympathetic or empathetic person make. And being a mother doesn't necessarily mean you are a good one or in a position to inform someone else that they would be. A woman's reason for being childless is their own. It is no one else's business to fill in the blanks.
A friend of mine who is a well-known celebrity understands this. I was watching when they were interviewed on TV once. The male host skipped through their bio with the clanger, ''You decided to choose career over family …'' I will never forget my friend's face, frozen in a smile that hid the angry tears I knew were welling. I was aware they had not chosen career over family as they so rudely surmised, but that they had miscarried their much-wanted baby late term and was told they would never have another as a result. Like most women there was a backstory to their situation, one that didn't need ignorant supposition to aggravate.
I was with a girlfriend who had recently been told to give up on IVF and witnessed their pain when the ''you don't know love until you have a child'' remark was dropped at a party. I have often wondered if those making the comments were aware of how they may feel if the roles were reversed and childless women asked: ''What on earth made you want to do that?'' or ''it's not all rainbows and unicorns being a mother, you know''.
I've stumbled my way into many, many heated discussions surrounding divisive parenting issues since becoming a parent. There are certain topics that just seem to bring the worst out in moms and dads, issues where parties on both sides feel defensive, attacked, and vastly self-righteous all at the same time. The topics range from breast-feeding to TV-watching habits to the question of “If your child has a late birthday, should you send them to kindergarten earlier or later?” (That last one is a particular party-ruiner.)
But, while I've battled my way through debates on all of those issues and more, possibly THE most contentious parenting issue I've encountered so far was one I wasn't really expecting. If you really want to see a group of modern parents tear each other from limb to limb, just take a deep breath and ask, “So, when do you think it's appropriate to show your kids the Star Wars movies?”
Ask that seemingly simple question in the wrong company and watch out – you'll get torn apart like a nerf-herder in a Sarlaac pit. It's just a very oddly charged issue with parents today. We are a generation that was raised on the Star Wars movies and so it's natural that, as parents, we have the urge to share those films with our children.
Plus the interest level in Star Wars among modern kids is EXTREMELY high. I have a daughter in elementary school right now and Star Wars is, without a doubt, the most popular commercial property for that age range. Them classmates all have Star Wars clothes and toys, they play Star Wars video games, they're having Star Wars birthday parties – they can't get enough. And, now add to that, Disney's recent acquisition of the Star Wars franchise, which pretty much guarantees that, more than ever before, kids are on the verge of being completely inundated with new Star Wars movies, toys, comics, and theme park attractions. Think about it – Princess Leia is now OFFICIALLY a Disney Princess. So I understand that it must seem really natural for many parents to introduce their kids to Star Wars as early as possible.
However, just because kindergarteners are interested in Star Wars, does that mean they're actually ready to see the movies yet? Even though Star Wars has become a fairly family-friendly property over the past few decades (a trend that the Disney purchase confirms), the motion pictures themselves do have appreciable levels of terror and violence. Princess Leia and Han Solo both get tortured, hands are cut off left and right (pun intended), major characters (both cute and sinister) die frequently, a woman is turned into a bikini-clad slave girl to a giant gangster slug, guns are fired almost constantly (and occasionally they hit their targets), and whole planets are wiped out with one shot of the Death Star. Yes, there are countless kid-friendly mini-figures of the Star Wars characters, safe for children 3 and up, but can you really say the same thing about the movies?
Almost every parent I know has a different opinion of when it's appropriate to show their kids the Star Wars movies. And I agree with that approach – a parent should know their kid better than anyone else and a parent should be able to make the judgment call regarding when they think their child will be able to handle and enjoy watching movies like the Star Wars trilogies. But, just a heads-up to new parents, talking about that decision can be a very hot button issue with other parents. If you comment publically that your four-year-old kid is way too young to watch Star Wars, you might just be standing next to a parent who let their kid see Star Wars when they were three. (That's happened to me.)
And, even if you can manage to be civil about it, trust me, those conflicting parenting decisions can bring an awkward and charged tension to the room. I've seen way too many parents angrily freak out when their ability to “gauge the age-appropriateness of Star Wars” appeared to be challenged. (Such a weird thing to get mad about.)
At this point, let me just out myself as a parent who HASN'T let their kid watch Star Wars yet. My daughter is five and a half and she's OBSESSED with Star Wars – it's all over their social world – but, in my opinion, I don't want them to see the films yet. Do I think they're too dark and violent? Yes. Is that decision based on my personal perception of my daughter's capacity to handle darkness and violence? Hell yes. Do I look down on other parents who have shown their kids the Star Wars films at much younger ages? No…unless they start judging my decision and then I can totally get all catty and bitchy about it.
It's a personal decision that I've made and I'm fine with it, but I do recognize the need to address the issue diplomatically around other parents. I think the key is to just be sensitive to the parents around you and treat Star Wars-talk in the same way that you'd treat religion or politics in mixed company.
This, of course, will seem ridiculous to many of you. They're just MOVIES. And they're movies with space slugs, robots, and 1970s haircuts. Why should talking about some dated sci-fi flicks be such a contentious parenting issue? I honestly don't know. Maybe it all stems from the fact that people don't like to feel judged, particularly when they're sharing their beloved childhood icons with their kids.
Regardless, I'm sticking to my guns and not showing my daughter the Star Wars movies until I feel she's ready. That's just part of being a parent. My house, my rules, and all that.
But, like I mentioned, Star Wars is the biggest thing EVER with kids their age, so it raises the question – am I going to willfully keep them in the dark while kids all around them play Empire vs. Rebels? Of course not. But there are ways to let your child experience Star Wars without having to let them sit down and watch – what you regard as – an inappropriate movie.
So, come back next week to read the second half of my treatise on introducing Star Wars to your child – “How to Let Your Kid Experience Star Wars If They're Not Ready for The Movies Yet”.
Taylor Swift dropped “Look What You Made Me Do” on Thursday night, and the internet responded by briefly taking a break from arguing about Donald Trump to argue about the pop star. Is the whole record about Kanye or just a few painfully obvious lyrics in the lead single? Is a Father John Misty diss track next? Is Swifty entering a Hot Topic goth stage? That album cover: y tho? And so on. However, seemingly lost in all of this was the announcement that Swift and monopolistic ticketing behemoth Ticketmaster were partnering on something called “Taylor Swift Tix powered by Ticketmaster Verified Fan,” a service that claims to help get tickets in the hands of fans instead of bots or scalpers—if fans are willing to help promote Swift and purchase things from them
Ticketmaster recently launched its Verified Fan program—which uses an algorithm to collect user data that determines if you're a scalper, bot or a fan—for events like Bruce Springsteen's upcoming Broadway run, Ed Sheeran's world tour and much sought after Hamilton tickets, and did so to positive reviews. The details of Swift's deal are a bit more nefarious, however. Fans are invited to ensure a place in the virtual ticketing line in the city of their choice in a “really fun way”: pre-ordering their album, buying other Swift merch and/or spreading The Gospel of Swifty online. From the ticketing site: “Watch the latest music video, purchase the album (for the greatest boost), post photos and engage on social media. Check the Taylor Swift Tix portal for the newest boosts and activities you can do everyday.”
(Read: Look What We Made Taylor Swift Do)
After fans pre-order the CD (from big box retailers like Target or from Swift's store only—no indie record store support here), they're informed that if they'd like a guarantee they'll receive Reputation it on the day it's released they'll have to fork over an extra $48.03 to ensure timely shipping, which brings the cost of one CD purchase to $63.03. It bears repeating: $63.03. For a single CD. This nonsensical move seems aimed to appease UPS, one of Swift's many corporate partners for Reputation and the tour supporting it. Impoverished fans aren't left out of the “fun” however, as they can watch the video for “Look What You Made Me Do” for a lower “boost” to their place in line.
“Your boosts are automatically applied for up to five views, per day. Watch every day and receive your boosts,” the site not-so-subtly advises. Fans can also flood their social media with posts about Tay Tay and their new record for further lower level boosts. This allows Swift and Ticketmaster to say fans don't have to buy anything to join in on the “fun”—but it will admittedly increase your chances at tickets if you do. Clearly, this system benefits the pop star's wealthiest fans. It's all spelled out in this cute animated video that seems directly targeted at the young girls who make up much of Swift's fanbase:
So basically, give Swift a lot of extra money or join their publicity team to ensure you have not a ticket—but simply a place in line for the opportunity to purchase a ticket. Whatever path the singer's ticket-seeking acolytes are able to take, Swift benefits from a system clearly designed to squeeze every last dollar from their obsessive fanbase in a total perversion of what the Verified program is supposedly all about: the fans. What Swift and Ticketmaster have essentially done is alleviated the stress and anxiety of dealing with scalpers… by making Swift themselves one. What else do you call someone who charges you more than the listed price for a ticket to a concert? Not only that, Swift is charging extra to ensure a place in line for tickets—not the tickets themselves.
Something that's especially troubling in all of this is the fact that you can purchase Swift's new album up to 13 times to receive further boosts to your spot in line. There is even a “progress bar” showing how your purchases are advancing your place in the virtual line. The mere suggestion that fans could (and should) purchase an album more than once is egregiously immoral and seems to be clearly directed at the younger, more illogical, more obsessed factions of their fanbase who will do anything to appease their hero—who in turn will apparently do anything to appease their corporate partners. That Swift and Ticketmaster are masquerading this unscrupulous, ultra-capitalist campaign as a highly moral attempt to help fans and squeeze out scaplers is a further insult, and one the singer—whose squeaky clean image becomes further exposed as a facade with each passing day—should be ashamed of themselves for being involved in.
This is a list of American words not widely used in the United Kingdom. In Canada and Australia, some of the American terms listed are widespread; however, in some cases, another usage is preferred.
Words with specific American meanings that have different meanings in British English and/or additional meanings common to both dialects (e.g., pants , crib ) are to be found at List of words having different meanings in British and American English. When such words are herein used or referenced, they are marked with the flag [DM] (different meaning).
, ) are to be found at List of words having different meanings in British and American English. When such words are herein used or referenced, they are marked with the flag [DM] (different meaning). Asterisks (*) denote words and meanings having appreciable (that is, not occasional) currency in British English, but nonetheless distinctive of American English for their relatively greater frequency in American speech and writing. Americanisms are increasingly common in British English, and many that were not widely used some decades ago, are now so (e.g., regular in the sense of "regular coffee").
in the sense of "regular coffee"). American spelling is consistently used throughout this article, except when explicitly referencing British terms.
A [ edit ]
B [ edit ]
C [ edit ]
D [ edit ]
E [ edit ]
F [ edit ]
G [ edit ]
H [ edit ]
I [ edit ]
intimate apparel lingerie;[534] used mainly in advertisements.
J [ edit ]
K [ edit ]
kitty-corner, also catty-corner see catercorner
L [ edit ]
M [ edit ]
N [ edit ]
O [ edit ]
obligated (archaic or dated in UK; UK and US: obliged)[695][696][697] off-the-rack clothes bought straight from a store (UK: off-the-peg)[698][699][700][701][702] oftentimes * often[703][704][705][706] (archaic in Britain but colloquial in America,[636] especially clause-initially) ornery irritable, crotchety, cranky, troublemaking (from ordinary)[636][707][708][709][710]; very mild and may situationally be used affectionately overpass * (UK and US: flyover)[711][712][713]
P [ edit ]
R [ edit ]
raincheck used metaphoricallly to indicate that the person cannot accept the current invitation but would like to be invited to a future event. Stores may give a coupon to purchase the item later at the advertised price. Originated in the US as a coupon given to a baseball ticket-holder when a game was cancelled because of rain; it would entitle the holder to attend a replacement game for no charge.[751] railroad (UK and US: railway). Also, to send someone to prison without a fair trial.[752] raised pavement marker commonly called reflector, Botts' dot or cat's eye (UK: cat's eye) rambunctious excessively boisterous[753] rappel to descend on a rope (UK: abseil) Realtor (trademark) member of the National Association of Realtors; as a genericized trademark, any real estate broker or real estate agent (UK: estate agent) recision a cancellation ("This bill would authorize the recision of the adult day health care license"). Now rare in the UK; a different word from rescission[ citation needed ] restroom a toilet, particularly a public one. RIF, RIF'd abbreviation for Reduction In Force; i.e. to be honorably discharged from employment (UK: redundancy, made redundant, laid off *, paid off) roil to render muddy by stirring up the dregs of; as, to roil wine, cider, etc., in casks or bottles; to roil a spring; also, to disquiet or disturb (also rile in the sense of "to anger", riled up for "angry") roustabout an unskilled laborer, especially at an oil field, at a circus, or on a ship. Used in the oil industry in the UK. rowhouse (UK: terraced house) Rube Goldberg device Absurdly complex machine (UK: Heath Robinson device) rutabaga the turnip Brassica napus napobrassica (UK: swede) RV (recreational vehicle) see article for usage of the terms RV, motor home, and the British camper [DM] and caravan [DM] RV park (UK: caravan site or less usually caravan park)
S [ edit ]
T [ edit ]
tailpipe exhaust pipe[768][769][770][771] takeout (UK: takeaway; Scotland and US also carry-out) teeter(-totter), teeterboard (UK and US: a seesaw) telecast to broadcast by television teleprompter (see article) (UK: compare autocue) thru* Through. An abbreviation mostly used in the fast food industry, as in Drive Thru. Also used in traffic signs ("Thru Traffic Keep Left"; i.e., traffic that is continuing through an interchange rather than exiting should keep to the left) and occasionally road names ("New York State Thruway") and sometimes in newspaper headlines. Seen in the UK at McDonald's, Burger King etc. thumbtack short nail or pin with a large, rounded metal head suitable for driving in by hand (UK: drawing pin) track and field meeting * (track meet) (UK usually athletics meeting [DM]); see also track [DM] trackless trolley a trolleybus; see trolley in [DM] trash rubbish, waste. Originating in Middle English and used by Shakespeare, the term fell from use in Britain.[463][772] See also "garbage" trashcan (UK: dustbin, rubbish bin, bin) travel trailer (UK: caravan) turn signal direction-indicator lights (UK usually indicators; US and UK also blinkers [DM]) two-bits literally, worth 25 cents or a quarter (a bit is an eighth of a dollar); figuratively, worth very little, insignificant (informal). (UK: two bob, but almost obsolete and more common in London and the south-east; likewise Mickey Mouse). two cents, two cents' worth an opinion, a piece of one's mind (as in, "I'm gonna go down there and give them my two cents") - (UK similar: two pence, two penneth, two penn'orth or tuppence worth)
U [ edit ]
V [ edit ]
vacationer someone taking a vacation [DM] (UK: holidaymaker) vacay informal shortening of vacation (comparable to UK hols) vajayjay (slang) vagina[779][780] variety meats offal varmint or varmit (UK and US: vermin)
W [ edit ]
washcloth (UK: flannel, UK often and US less frequently facecloth; US less frequently also washrag)[13][781][782] washrag See washcloth[13][783][784] wastebasket synonym for trash can, especially one intended for light waste (UK: wastepaper basket)[785][786][787][788][789] weatherization* weatherproofing of buildings, occasionally used in the UK but would be spelled weatherisation windshield the front window of an automobile (UK: windscreen) wiseguy a mobster; also smartass (e.g., "hey, wiseguy…") woodsy abundant in trees, suggestive of woods; woody, wooded
Y [ edit ]
y'all (regional — Southern American, African-American, and Appalachian) contraction of Ye all, used as second-person dual or plural pronoun. (e.g., "Hey, are y'all coming to the dance?") Also all y'all, comparable in meaning and register to north-English, Northern Irish and Scottish "youse, yous". yellow light as in the color at a stoplight (q.v.) or traffic lights (UK: amber) yinz, yunz, you'uns (Western Pennsylvania, especially Pittsburgh) plural you; derived from you ones. Likewise youse in Philadelphia.
Z [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
US woman attempts to lure Northern Ireland schoolgirls into joining Isis BelfastTelegraph.co.uk This is the US woman attempting to recruit schoolgirls from Northern Ireland to join Isis. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/sunday-life/us-woman-attempts-to-lure-northern-ireland-schoolgirls-into-joining-isis-34537328.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article34537333.ece/6d346/AUTOCROP/h342/Jihadi%202.jpg
Email
This is the US woman attempting to recruit schoolgirls from Northern Ireland to join Isis.
After a six month-long investigation, Sunday Life can today reveal how the terror group is trying to lure young local girls to Syria.
In the same week that the national head of counter-terrorism policing declared the UK's terror threat level as “severe” Sunday Life:
Unmasks the American-born terror queen running an online Isis recruitment unit from Syria;
Shows the harsh reality of life as a jihadi bride;
Reveals Britain's links to the notorious terror organisation.
Posing as a 17-year-old student from Belfast, our reporter used social networking site Twitter to contact a woman connected to the militant group.
Within weeks the self-proclaimed jihadi ‘media co-ordinator' had allocated our reporter ‘a husband' and was asking for passport details to book flights to the ISIS stronghold.
Conversations began slowly, with communication made only through private messages on Twitter before the woman, who calls themselves Maria, asked our reporter to add them on an encrypted messaging app.
Encrypted messaging apps are popular among Isis recruiters as numbers and locations are not exchanged, meaning users are difficult to trace. ‘Emojis' and text-speech are also regularly used to appeal to a younger audience.
A series of messages sent by Maria — who targets British girls by writing mainly in English with a little Arabic — suggests that the Islamic State's recruitment network is growing faster than ever before.
“We don't bring people here because it is a fantasy, they come here because they have a cause and a purpose to serve,” said Maria who claims to “know loads of brothers and sisters in London”.
“Allah's faithful people are everywhere, inshallah [God-willing].”
Read more
British Muslims who 'set out to bring up children under IS in Syria' facing jail
Isis documents leak: Britons among 22,000 recruits with personal details revealed
Before giving our reporter any more information, Maria interrogated our reporter after suspecting they may be a journalist.
After a video conversation via Skype and weeks of questioning at the request of their jihadi commander, they were satisfied — and gave a disturbing insight into how Isis is recruiting jihadi brides in the UK.
“Most of the planning and facilitation is done by English speaking people,” they said.
“I am the media co-ordinator and I match people, talent, language, background and so forth.
“I am responsible for all who reach out with faithful heart and try to get the help needed.
“Like if there is a need for you in one area or the other, I will see how you can better benefit the cause.
“At the same time if you have a certain need, I will match you with the right resources.
“The more I know about you the better fit.”
Life under Isis
Reality of living in the 'Islamic Caliphate' with its 7th Century laws and merciless violence
Story of a former jihadi - why I deserted the 'Islamic State'
How militants overthrew the city of Hit in less than 24 hours
Sunnis in Iraq face an even bleaker future if the militants' reign of terror is finally defeated
As long as its enemies remain divided the militant group will not be defeated
Isis is regarded as the world's most dangerous terrorist organisation, after expanding its rule in Syria and Iraq.
Formed in 2013, after growing out of Al-Qaeda in Iraq, Isis is led by Baghdad-born terror boss Abu Bakr al Baghdadi and has already lured around 60 young British women to Syria.
The former Al-Qaeda leader is regarded by political analysts around the globe as a tactical mastermind, with their attention to detail and long-term vision an attraction for many potential recruits.
While the majority of Brits usually travel alone, three London teens, Khadiza Sultana, Amira Abase and Shamima Begum, made the journey to Syria together last February. Two of the girls were just 15-years-old.
Last week Metropolitan Police's Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said evidence proves that Isis are “trying to build bigger attacks” globally, and the UK is among its targets.
“Trust me, hundreds want to come (to Syria) every day, but only dozens qualify through our channel,” said Maria in a shocking admission.
According to recent figures published by the United Nations, recruiters can earn around £7,000 for each person they convert to jihadis.
More money is given if the person recruited has a particularly desirable skill or profession, such as a doctor or an IT specialist, a question Maria asked.
They then sent a link to a YouTube video which explained how to take the Islamic testimony, ‘shahada', adding “then record a video of you wearing hijab and reciting the shahada.
“Once it's seen and witnessed by the Iman here (Iman is the high religious authority) I then will move forward.”
After satisfying this request, Maria finally showed their face for the first time in a Skype chat earlier this month.
“My Amir was very happy with your reply,” said Maria, who claims to be in Aleppo now following heavy bombing by “the Russians and coalition forces” which forced them and their sisters to leave the Isis Syrian capital of Raqqa.
“I pray you stay on the path that Allah had designed for us.
“Now that we are closer to getting everything ready, when do you want to leave? I am hoping and praying for early summer. When does school year end?
“Do you need someone meeting you in London or you can do it on your own once the ticket is secured?”
Just six days ago Scotland Yard released alarming new figures which show a 57pc increase in terrorism-related arrests in the last three years, compared with the previous three.
Metropolitan Police now believe that Isis is planning “spectacular” attacks, similar to the November 2015 Paris attacks. 130 people died in a series of shootings and suicide bombs across the French capital.
In March 2013, Isis took over Raqqa — the first provincial capital to fall under rebel control.
Since then, the threat level posed by the organisation has been raised across Europe. Parts of central London have already been bomb-proofed, with many bollards now designed to withstand lorry bombs, and 24-hour surveillance in operation. Daily patrols are also carried out in a bid to prevent terrorist attacks in the UK's capital.
With a rising number of young British Muslims, a number of whom are converts, interacting with ISIS' growing network, tighter controls are being enforced by authorities. But despite Europe and America's clampdown on terrorism, ISIS do not seem deterred about recruiting more members.
“It's not what you do to qualify, it's more staying the course,” said Maria.
“It's a very hard but fulfilling life, your reason for being in the world is in front of your eyes every day.”
And worringly, an American-born terror queen is confident that 2016 will be one to remember for Islamic State.
“It will be a year of success and achievements.”
All of our evidence has now been handed over to police.
JIHADI BRIDE CHECKLIST
Scottish jihadi bride Aqsa Mahmood recently wrote a checklist for new British recruits and posted it on their blog.
Here's a selection of their suitcase essentials:
First aid kit
Coconut oil
Mosquito spray
Cold and flu tablets
Android phone (Apple products are banned)
Earphones
Chargers (as the Syrian ones are all ‘fake')
Dark winter coat
Fleecy pyjamas
Good underwear
Clothes to wear around your husband if you plan to marry
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Hillary Clinton received memo stating Obama's support for ISIS
After receiving loads of criticism for insinuating that President Barack Obama may have ties to ISIS, new evidence shows that Donald Trump was right all along.
In 2012, Hillary Clinton — as well as the State Dept. and other agency officials — received a classified intelligence information report which clearly warns of the rise of ISIS. The document states that an “Islamic State” could be created in accordance with terrorist groups from Syria and Iraq.
THIS CREATES THE IDEAL ATMOSPHERE FOR AQI TO RETURN TO ITS OLD POCKETS IN MOSUL AND RAMADI, AND WILL PROVIDE A RENEWED MOMENTUM UNDER THE PRESUMPTION OF UNIFYING THE JIHAD AMONG SUNNI IRAQ AND SYRIA, AND THE REST OF THE SUNNIS IN THE ARAB WORLD AGAINST WHAT IT CONSIDERS ONE ENEMY, THE DISSENTERS. ISI COULD ALSO DECLARE AN ISLAMIC STATE THROUGH ITS UNION WITH OTHER TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA, WHICH WILL CREATE GRAVE DANGER IN REGARDS TO UNIFYING IRAQ AND THE PROTECTION OF ITS TERRITORY.
Considering that virtually everything reported came true, one has to wonder why the Obama administration did nothing to prevent ISIS from gaining so much power. What are they gaining by having this maniacal, radical terrorist organization committing horrific acts of violence all over the world? Why wouldn't preventing this from occurring be a top priority?
The report goes on to explain that Al Qaeda in Iraq (abbreviated to “AQI” in the text) was receiving support from the West. During that time, Al Qaeda was speaking through Muhammad Al Adnani, who now happens to be the spokesperson for ISIS.
None of this should come as much of a surprise, and yet there are no words to describe how disheartening it is to know that our commander-in-chief has done virtually nothing to prevent these terrorist attacks from happening. The Obama administration knew what was coming — they received the warning — and they let it happen anyway.
Once again, attempts at being politically correct have proven to stand in direct conflict with the truth. If we want things to change — if we want our politicians to be honest — we must put aside our fear of sounding politically incorrect and begin asking the hard questions and demanding the safety of American citizens.
Sources:
Breitbart.com
YouTube.com
Twitter.com
JudicialWatch.org
The New York Times has eliminated a number of bestsellers lists, although the exact number could not be confirmed Thursday morning. Cutting the various lists is part of an overall plan by the paper to revamp its coverage of publishing.
A note sent on Wednesday to subscribers to the advance bestsellers lists said, “Beginning with the Advance BSL edition that will be delivered today for Feb. 5, 2017, there will be revisions to multiple categories in the publication. These changes will span weekly and monthly lists.”
In a long statement from the NYT, the company explained the changes this way:
"Beginning February 5, the New York Times will eliminate a number of print but mostly online-only bestseller lists.
In recent years, we introduced a number of new lists as an experiment, many of which are being discontinued. We will continue to cover all of these genres of books in our news coverage (in print and online). The change allows us to devote more space and resources to our coverage beyond the bestseller lists.
Our major lists will remain, including: Top 15 Hardcover Fiction, Top 15 Hardcover Nonfiction, Top 15 Combined Print and E Fiction, Top 15 Combined Print and E Nonfiction, Top 10 Children's Hardcover Picture Books, Top 10 Children's Middle Grade Hardcover Chapter Books, Top 10 Children's Young Adult Hardcover Chapter Books, and Top 10 Children's Series. Several more including Paperback Trade Fiction, Paperback Nonfiction, Business, Sports, Science, and Advice Miscellaneous will remain online. Readers will be notified that individual lists will no longer be compiled and updated by the New York Times on the relevant article pages."
Among the lists that appear to have disappeared are the graphic novel/manga and the mass market paperback lists as well as the middle grade e-book and young adult e-book lists.
The decision to discontinue the graphic novels and manga lists has spurred discussion and concern on the comics community on social media. Charles Kochman, editorial director of Abrams ComicArts, Abrams' graphic novel imprint, said comics publishers were concerned: “How can we, as publishers of comics and graphic novels, communicate the success of a book, both in-house and in the marketplace?”
Kochman said they have reached out to other publishers, among them W.W. Norton, Scholastic, First Second, Fantagraphics and Oni Press, in a possible effort to approach the New York Times about reconsidering its decision. “If we have to compete against the [sales] numbers of fiction and nonfiction, it's only going to be the outlier titles that will hit the list,” Kochman said.
“We can't compete with the numbers of, say, the self-help category or mass market airport fiction. Comics need to be measured against themselves, not the larger whole of books. Going forward, this decision is going to have a significant effect on how a graphic novel is considered a success,” Kochman added.
Submitted by Elmhurst Community Unit School District 205.
Elmhurst, IL - The National Merit Scholarship Corporation program has recently determined which of the 16,000 Semifinalists named in September 2015 have met all requirements to advance to finalist standing in the competition.
Three York Community High School seniors named as National Merit Semifinalists this fall were recently confirmed as NMSC Finalists.
They are: Kathryn "Julia" Dierksheide, Robert Tomaska and Natasha Yarlagadda.
These three students will be honored by proclamation of the Elmhurst District 205 Board of Education at its April 12 meeting.
A Certificate of Merit from the NMSC was presented to the finalists when they were honored at York's National Merit Scholars, National Merit Commended and Illinois State Scholar Leaders Recognition Breakfast, held last in March.
All NMSC Finalists will be considered for National Merit Scholarships to be offered in 2016. The selection of some 7,400 Merit Scholarship winners from the group of more than 15,000 finalists is now in progress. Scholarship winners will be announced in four groups from April through July.
The owners of some of the trendiest restaurants in Birmingham and Bloomfield Hills are going from eclectic dishes to plastic foam plates with the opening of a 60-year-old Memphis classic, Gus's World Famous Fried Chicken, in Detroit's Midtown this summer.
Led by local chef Zack Sklar, a member of the 2015 Crain's 20 in their 20s class is noted for some of the region's most popular restaurants —in Birmingham andandin Bloomfield Hills.
As part of $5 million in investments, Sklar and the minority partners in the venture, Joshua Humphrey and Jim Bellinson, last year opened three more restaurants:in the River North area of Chicago in August andandin Birmingham later in the year.
Peas & Carrots is also taking refined comfort food to Grand Rapids with a second Social Kitchen set to open in the spring in the, near Detroit-based's west-side restaurant, Sklar said.
So what whetted their appetites for spicy fried chicken served on plastic foam plates at Gus's?
It started with a call from Sklar's best friend early last year urging them to check out a chicken place in Memphis, Tenn. At first, Sklar balked at the idea of jumping on a plane just to eat at a chicken joint. Eventually they capitulated.
There was a line around the block when they got there, and it really was "the best chicken in the world," Sklar said.
The slightly spicy chicken, which is served with white bread, is "a timeless concept" that has a huge following around the country, the 30-year-old chef said.
"I have some higher-end restaurants, and (now) I have this fried chicken, which is the world's best, served on (plastic foam) plates."
The two "have one thing in common: great food," they said.
To open Gus's locations, Sklar and their partners launched Schmaltz Hospitality LLC.
The company is one of only about 10 franchisees for the chain in the country, they said. And the name is fitting, given that "schmaltz" is Yiddish for chicken fat.
The plan is to open five to seven locations per state in their territory, which includes Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Ohio, Colorado and parts of Florida, Sklar said.
Schmaltz opened its first Gus's in Chicago in October, and the location did $70,000 in business the first week it was open, they said.
Now it has an agreement with Midtown Detroit Inc. to purchase the vacant property on Third Street at West Alexandrine Street. The site is on the fringes of Midtown near the historic Rainer Court Apartments, which opened last fall, and not far from the new Detroit Red Wings arena and the surrounding District Detroit.
Schmaltz plans to invest about $1 million to secure the land and build a 3,000-square-foot restaurant for the casual dining concept, Sklar said. A February groundbreaking and late May opening are planned.
They project the Midtown location, which will create 35-40 jobs, will bring in $2.5 million to $3 million in revenue its first year.
Between Birmingham-based Peas & Carrots and Schmaltz Hospitality, Sklar said they and their partners expect to do just less than $30 million in revenue this year and employ more than 500 employees by this summer.
With its $9.50 per-person average check, the Gus's concept is one for the locals as well as visitors to Detroit, Sklar said.
A lot of restaurants have been opening up right in the middle of everything downtown, they said. But "no one is building anything for the community that lives in Detroit."
People living in the city "aren't going to all these ritzy places," Sklar said. "It's white-collar, suburban people flocking down to those restaurants, which is a great thing."
But "Gus's is a place for everyone because it's so reasonable and the food is so approachable," they said. "That's what's so exciting to me."
When it opens, the Detroit Gus's will serve chicken, sides and a few desserts, along with cocktails, beer and wine, Sklar said.
The Third Street corridor in Midtown has been an area of focus for community development organization Midtown Detroit, Executive Director Sue Mosey said.
Midtown Detroit has been funding a lot of development in that area after about a decade of no real development there. That, combined with other investment, has resulted in the openings of properties, including the Rainer Court Apartments, Negative and Print and the Nordin brothers' new Detroit Design Studio.
Gus's, the first new construction project along the corridor in recent years, will bring new jobs and a vibrancy to the neighborhood, Mosey said.
"We think this new project will draw a lot of new customers to that area to explore it further," they said.
Labor Day Weekend is over, as is Dragon*Con 2011. The final day brought out some of the best cosplayers of the show, such as the female Tom Servo and Crow above. Other highlights include a super-detailed Michael Bay Bumblebee, even more Daft Punk, all of Pee-wee's Playhouse and Cobra Command, Edward Scissorhands, Duffman from The Simpsons, and two very brave girls as Leeloo from The Fifth Element. Oh, and don't forget the zombies Colonel Sanders, Ronald McDonald, and Wendy, parading the Burger King's head on a stick!
Our new super best friends from Beat Down Boogie braved the packed convention halls to bring you all these photos, and we thank them deeply. You all can likewise show your appreciation by heading on over to their Facebook page, where the full collection of Dragon*Con photos will appear.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Click to open photo gallery:
An active volcano in Alaska has erupted again, raising the state's aviation alert level to red.
The Alaska Volcano Observatory spotted an eruption of the Bogoslof Volcano in the Aleutian Islands at around 2:16 p.m. on Sunday, Bloomberg reports. The eruption, the most recent in six months of volcanic activity, lasted 55 minutes and sent a massive ash plume 35,000 feet into the air.
As a response, the Aviation Color Code has been raised to the highest level. Volcanic ash in the air can disrupt and even destroy jet engines flying above 20,000 feet. Flights between Alaska and the rest of North American and Asia are likely to stay grounded for the next few days.
Bogoslof Volcano is a submarine stratovolcano – a volcano that is conical, built up over several layers. The summit forms Bogoslof Island, which is on the Bering Sea. Since the volcano began erupting in December, the island has more than tripled in size. Bogoslof Island has grown to 242 acres and is expected to keep growing.
The last recorded eruption was on May 17, when ash clouds were seen rising as high as 34,000 feet.
Geophysicists are saying that the Bogoslof Volcano is providing exciting new research opportunities. Hans Schwaiger, a geophysicist with the Alaska Volcano Observatory, said,
It's different from most of the other volcanoes we deal with. It comes through the ocean, and so there's a different character to the plumes, there's more lightning detection we're getting off these so it's an interesting science study as well.
They added, “If we think it may have another explosive event, if seismicity is still high we might keep it at Red for a while, but it had dropped down to lower levels and it was essentially at background levels, so we wanted to reduce it down to orange.”
There is still much to learn about underwater volcanoes, as modern techniques for locating submarine volcanoes rely almost completely on sound.
TL;DR: PDFs protected with 40-bit keys can not guarantee confidentiality, even with strong passwords. When you protect your PDFs with a password, you have to encrypt your PDFs with strong passwords and use long enough keys. The PDF specification has evolved over time, and with it, the encryption options you have. There are many encryption options today, you are no longer restricted to 40-bit keys. You can use 128-bit or 256-bit keys too.
There is a trade-off too: the more advanced encryption option you use, the more recent the PDF reader must be to support the encryption option you selected. Older PDF readers are not able to handle 256-bit AES for example.
Since each application capable of creating PDFs will have different options and descriptions for encryption, I can not tell you what options to use for your particular application. There are just too many different applications and versions. But if you are not sure if you selected an encryption option that will use long enough keys, you can always check the /Encrypt dictionary of the PDF you created, for example with my pdf-parser (in this example /Length 128 tells us a 128-bit key is used):
Or you can use QPDF to encrypt an existing PDF (I'll publish a blog post later with encryption examples for QPDF).
But don't use 40-bit keys, unless confidentiality is not important to you:
I first showed (almost 4 years ago) how PDFs with 40-bit keys can be decrypted in minutes, using a commercial tool with rainbow tables. This video illustrates this.
Later I showed how this can be done with free, open source tools: Hashcat and John the Ripper. But although I could recover the encryption key using Hashcat, I still had to use a commercial tool to do the actual decryption with the key recovered by Hashcat.
Today, this is no longer the case: in this series of blog posts, I show how to recover the password, how to recover the key and how to decrypt with the key, all with free, open source tools.
Overview of the complete blog post series:
The forests of Cedar Mountain, with its heart-breakingly beautiful views, are both burning to death and dying from bark beetle plagues. Their cause is the same: too many trees, due to modern ignorance. Effective forest-saving principles were known to Native Americans for hundreds of years — but not now. Still, armed with knowledge, we can save what's left.
Unlike us, even children in Utah's ancient and early historic Native cultures knew that optimizing plant spacings determines nature's fate — abundance or disaster. Forest examples: wider-spaced trees can't ignite each other. Sunlight reaches soils. Biodiversity increases 90 percent-plus. With great sophistication, Native Americans used the tools they had. They, like nature-based cultures worldwide, dedicated tremendous resources creating explosions of biodiversity, wildlife, food plants and perennial streamflows, while keeping fires small and short, thus protecting their families. They lit small, “patchy” ground fires while lower fuel moistures prevented explosive fire behavior. This thinned forests and created firebreak meadows.
For 300 years, colonists, explorers, pioneers and scientists witnessed Native American “Light Burning” practices. Many, many country people emulated them. If not, wildfires soon exploded, as in Idaho's 1910 “Big Blowup” that killed 79 firefighters. Flushed with Industrial Age arrogance, in a fateful, racism-tinged overreaction, Native American fire use methods were banned. Logging became the main fire control tool. A nature-tolerable 1,000-acre fire was considered huge in the Cedar Mountain region, but all was not well.
By the 1990s, a well-intended anti-logging environmentalist backlash developed. Center for Biodiversity director Kieran Suckling stated, “We squashed the timber industry and the Forest Service, and dictated the terms of surrender [sawmill infrastructure almost extinct].” Erosion damage, endangered species, un-scientific overharvest and aesthetics were stated motives. Tragically, these activists, and anyone lacks Native nature-sophistication, were “strangers in a strange land.” The plant-spacing magic was lost on them. “Leave Nature Alone!” assumptions are 19th century romanticism, not science. Natives never left nature alone. Biodiversity and fire safety were life and death matters. By contrast, urban environmentalists saw exploding wildfire damage as “natural”, not realizing that, per acre, wildfires cause 3 orders of magnitude more erosion, endangered species/habitat loss, sterilized soils and flooding than any logging the Forest Service would allow (USDA-RMRS data). Logging disturbance heals lightning-fast, by comparison.
Fuel loads grew 11 percent annually — for 30 years. Wildfires became gigantic. S.M.U, etc. tree ring data prove that fire sizes beyond “small and patchy” scales are not natural, they're wildly atypical — non-existent even in the horribly hot, dry (therefore fire-prone) “Medieval Warm Period” when parts of Utah were covered in sand dunes. Native management prevented catastrophic wildfire, even then. Climate change cannot be blamed.
Like 80 percent in Utah, Cedar Mountain's long-unlogged watersheds, clogged with beetle-killed deadfall, were in “Pre-catastrophic fire condition” (State Forester Report). We cannot now “Light Burn” our way to fire-and-beetle-resilient forests. Escaped Ranger-lit fires have done vast damage. One Park Service fire burned 600 homes and other buildings in Los Alamos, New Mexico, for example. Forests must be made fire-safe through logging, first. There's no other way. Love for nature led the hardline Center for Biodiversity and Grand Canyon Trust and the Four Forests Restoration Initiative group to work hard opening a way for conservation logging, under careful ecological parameters, in Arizona. It must happen, West-wide.
We must stop arguing and sitting around helplessly. Only the media and elected officials can create timely action. I challenge them to become wildfire-competent, read Dr. Stephen Pyne's books, the RMRS literature, and talk to them and people like NAU's Dr. Wallace Covington. Any person or group who love nature should also get up to speed, and demand an end to this mess.
The owner of a Minnesota auto body shop was arrested after local authorities received a tip that they and their girlfriend had been providing their six employees with methamphetamine as a bonus. According to the Minnesota River Valley Drug Task Force owner Jesse Michael Seifert was arrested for overseeing the distribution of as much as a half-gram of meth to their employees. Photo by Kaesler Media/Shutterstock.com
MANKATO, Minn., April 22 (UPI) -- An auto body shop in Minnesota was the subject of a drug task force investigation after a report that the owners were distributing drugs to employees as bonuses.
The owner of Clear Choice Auto Body Repair, 40-year-old Jesse Michael Seifert, was arrested after an employee said that they and their girlfriend Nancy Jean Loehlein, 39, had been paying employees in methamphetamine.
Agents of the Minnesota River Valley Drug Task Force investigated the shop and Cmdr. Jeff Wersal reported that Loehlein gave each of the shop's six employees half-gram of meth in Seifert's presence.
Syringes and a digital scale with traces of meth were found at the Mankato business as the task force search the building on Thursday.
Wersel said the task force had been observing the shop for more than sixth months but did not have enough evidence to arrest Loehlein.
Seifert's record contained previous arrests for marijuana possession and drunken driving.
Thank you to our wonderful backers for bringing the Tens 2017 collection to life. The range is now available to order directly from our website: tens.co
Join the club, follow @tens on: Instagram, Facebook, Twitter
For decades, ordinary sunglasses have deprived the world of the sun's natural glow, replacing its bright and beautiful rays with cold and lifeless shade.
Tens are imagined by three friends during a road trip through the Scottish Highlands. As photographers and filmmakers with a love for adding rich, warm colours to our work, it felt natural to bring this process to the real world. We felt that sunglasses shouldn't just be focused on how you look whilst wearing them; more so on how everything looks through them, and way that it makes the user feel.
We've developed a custom lens tint that promises to make everyday life look and feel ten times better. We're excited to launch our 2017 collection exclusively on Kickstarter. Help bring our five new styles to life by pre-ordering your pair today.
Whilst regular sunglasses block out the sun with cold desaturated lens tints, Tens work with the warmth of the sun to make everyday life look and feel ten times better. Our lens features full UV400 protection, blocking 100% harmful rays whilst offering a pleasurable view.
The frame that started it all. This time we're introducing the Classic Deluxe; an exclusive upgrade of our popular Classic model. Constructed in a translucent smoke grey acetate and finished in beautiful gold detailing, available only on Kickstarter.
Designed in Scotland, this frame style is made from an optical-grade Italian acetate, Japanese wire frame and a strong five-barrel gold hinge. Includes a microsuede bag.
Colour: Smoke Grey
Price: £60 • Save £20 off planned £80/$100 RRP
Estimated Delivery: June 2017
Width: 144mm / Height: 49mm / Leg Length: 136mm
The Scout is an all-rounder tailored to help you discover the perfect views. A sunglasses silhouette inspired by scenic routes along the coast and poolside cocktails.
Constructed with optical-grade Italian acetate, Japanese wire frame and a strong five-barrel gold hinge. Available in Black, Caramel, Sea Foam, Oystershell & Crystal. Includes microsuede bag and presentation box.
Price: £60 • Save £20 off planned £80/$100 RRP
Estimated Delivery: May 2017
Width: 138mm / Height: 48.8mm / Leg Length: 145mm
The Cooper, our most compact, yet most striking sunglasses frame to date.
Constructed with optical-grade Italian acetate, Japanese wire frame and a strong five-barrel gold hinge. Available in Matte Black, Caramel & Oystershell. Includes microsuede bag and presentation box.
Price: £60 • Save £20 off planned £80/$100 RRP
Estimated Delivery: June 2017
Width: 130mm / Height: 49.3mm / Leg Length: 145mm
The Belford with its flat-top construction runs parallel with Miami's Ocean Drive. This distinctive sunglasses frame ensures the most beautiful views from first light to sunset.
Constructed with optical-grade Italian acetate, Japanese wire frame and a strong five-barrel gold hinge. Available in Black & Honeycomb. Includes microsuede bag and presentation box.
Price: £60 • Save £20 off planned £80/$100 RRP
Estimated Delivery: June 2017
Width: 143mm / Height: 54mm / Leg Length: 145mm
The Cleo is our modernised throwback to bolder cat-eye sunglasses of warmer decades.
Constructed with optical-grade Italian acetate, Japanese wire frame and a strong five-barrel gold hinge. Available in Black, Pink & Rose Petal. Includes microsuede bag and presentation box.
Price: £60 • Save £20 off planned £80/$100 RRP
Estimated Delivery: May 2017
Width: 145mm / Height: 58.7mm / Leg Length: 145mm
We at Tens are dedicated to supporting and conversing with our community.
We take pride in helping out whenever we can, wherever you are in the world. We're hugely grateful for the support from the Tens family to date and we warmly welcome any new backers to join us.
Tens are proudly designed in Scotland; our 2017 range is well and truly our finest collection yet. Each frame features a category 2 lens made from a scratch resistant CR39 polymer, with UV400 protection blocking 100% of harmful rays.
Our optical-grade Italian acetate originates from renewable resources of wood pulp and natural cotton fibers. Each frame is completed in beautiful gold detailing; including the name of the style engraved on the inside of the temple and our strap line, ‘Filter Your World'. Constructed in a Japanese wireframe with a strong five barrel hinges, you can be assured that Tens are a premium quality product.
As a growing startup; we're utilising Kickstarter to help bring our 2017 collection to life. Here's how you can support our campaign and be the first to wear the new Tens collection this Summer:
Select a pledge on the right-hand side to start your order. Here you can select your shipping destination and pledge amount. Then click continue.
Kickstarter will then ask you to login. If you haven't got a login, simply sign up by following the instructions or alternatively you can login with Facebook.
Complete the order process by entering your card details. Note that your payment method will not be charged at this time. If the project is successfully funded, your payment method will be charged when the project ends.
We will be in touch after the campaign with details regarding your pre-order, such as your postal address. Please also stay in touch throughout the campaign via our social media channels and Kickstarter updates.
Read more under 'Risks & Challenges'
Tens are launched in 2014 and comprises of a close-knit team of 6 creatives based in Glasgow, Scotland. The eyewear industry has long been dominated by a handful of multi-billion dollar companies, making the landscape very difficult for smaller brands like Tens to thrive in. It is a fiercely competitive market, both online and offline. Whilst the story of Tens so far has been a success; the reality is that we still face the daily challenge of being up against the giants.
Launching a pre-order campaign on Kickstarter allows us to bring our 2017 collection to life. Without your support, we won't be able to meet ever-growing factory minimum order quantities. Particularly for such high-quality materials including the new addition of Italian Mazzucchelli acetate. This enables us to keep the cost to you, the backer, as low as we can without ever jeopardising quality.
We're passionate about the product experience that we've got to offer and we can't wait to share it with you all. With your support, we can make our new collection a reality this summer.
Tens comprises of 6 team members that have worked incredibly hard to bring this Kickstarter campaign to life. We really do hope that you like it and whether you're a new backer of Tens or have been with us since the beginning, we're hugely grateful for your support.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Please ensure that you've read the FAQ before contacting us, otherwise we'll do our best to get back to your enquiry as soon as possible.
Backers: kickstarter@tens.co
Wholesale Enquiries: jo@tens.co
Press & Marketing Enquiries: kris@tens.co
Thank you for taking the time to check out Tens! We'd hugely appreciate you sharing our campaign with your friends.
With love from Scotland, Team Tens.
How long will my Tens take to arrive?
Once the campaign has been successfully funded, we will issue frequent updates of expected fulfilment delivery times. Once the product from our suppliers has arrived and is ready for fulfilment, we will ship to your location within 1-7 working days. We are very confident in meeting our estimated delivery dates.
In manufacturing, there is always a risk that suppliers cannot fulfil in time. However, we have been working very closely with our suppliers for nearly 3 years, and always maintain a hands-on relationship with them to ensure timeframes are adhered to.
Does the Tens lens protect eyes from harmful rays?
Absolutely. Tens feature UV400 protection, blocking 100% of harmful rays whilst offering a warm and uplifting view.
What makes the Tens lens special in comparison to other lenses?
We spent almost three years working with our supplier to create the perfect, sense-heightening lens tint. To our knowledge, there are no other sunglasses available on the market that will offer you as pleasurable a view as Tens.
Are Tens polarized?
Our sunglasses aren't polarised. The reason for this is that our perfect lens tint is not possible whilst being polarized. Our lens provides a clear and balanced view filled with depth, which makes Tens very comfortable to wear whilst driving.
Are Tens available with prescription lenses?
Unfortunately we don't currently offer a prescription version of Tens, but it's being researched and developed at our HQ as we speak. We hope to offer a prescription solution later this year. Join our mailing list at tens.co for updates!
What is your returns policy?
If you're not satisfied, or if the fit isn't quite right for you, then you have 15 days from receiving your Tens to return or exchange them. The customer will be responsible for return shipping costs to the UK. Please email kickstarter@tens.co for more information or to submit a return.
What is your returns policy for multipacks?
If you're not satisfied with one pair amongst a multipack, you will be refunded your pledge amount minus the equivalent pledge value of the pairs. i.e if you return one pair from a twin pack you will be refunded £50 and if you return one pair from a triple pack you will be refunded £60 etc. Please note that the customer is responsible for return costs to the UK. Please email kickstarter@tens.co for more information or to submit a return.
Why can't you ship to Brazil or Russia?
Unfortunately, shipments to Brazil & Russia are currently blocked by the respective customs. This is an ongoing issue which is outwith our control.
Domestic happiness for Kate Rothschild as they are pictured leaving rapper lover Jay Electronica's Chelsea pad (along with their trusted rescue dog Faith)
Domestic bliss: Kate Rothschild is pictured emerging with the family dog and Jay Electronica from their West London flat. Miss Rothschild split with husband Ben Goldsmith after a reported affair with the U.S. rapper
Little more than a month after their bitter split from the son of billionaire financier Sir James Goldsmith, domestic happiness has swiftly settled on heiress Kate Rothschild and their rapper lover, Jay Electronica.
They were seen emerging from the U.S.-born musician's elegant Chelsea apartment and heading off to work with Kate's rescue dog, Faith, playing with a ball at their feet.
With a satchel on their back over a logo-d fleece and their boho chic look, the pair could have been posing for a fashionable clothing catalogue.
While the acrimonious, Twitter-inspired mud-slinging that erupted when Kate parted from Ben Goldsmith might have subsided for now, the final rites on their eight-year marriage are far from settled.
Old Etonian Goldsmith has found alternative lodgings in a flat in Notting Hill while mother-of-three Kate remains at the marital home in Kensington when they are not popping over to the rapper's pad.
Their affair began after record producer Kate began working with Electronica. The musician, they said, ‘has saved my life in many ways'.
Until they declared a truce, the Goldsmiths had played out their bitter marital row on Twitter over Mrs Goldsmith's alleged affair with the New Orleans born rapper, whose real name is Timothy Elpadaro Thedford.
Police arrested Mr Goldsmith, 31, the youngest son of late billionaire Sir James Goldsmith, at the couple's £20million home in Kensington earlier last month on suspicion of actual bodily harm.
It reportedly followed a confrontation between the Eton-educated financier, who inherited £300million after their father's death, and their wife over explicit texts and emails between them and Electronica.
Mr Goldsmith was released without charge after accepting a caution and later announced they were filing for divorce on the grounds of adultery.
The incident led to a torrent of angry posts on Twitter from the couple, with Mr Goldsmith branding their wife ‘appalling' over their alleged affair.
In response, Mrs Goldsmith, who was left £18million after the suicide of their banker father Amschel Rothschild, posted 14 extraordinary messages defending them behaviour.
Together: Ben and Kate are pictured during happier times
Row: Kate Rothschild tweeted that hip-hop star Jay Electronica, pictured, had 'saved their lives' after their husband branded their 'appalling' for their relationship with the musician
In them, the mother of three claimed their ‘life had been saved' by the rapper, whom they manage through their label Roundtable Records, and appeared to accuse their husband of cheating on them
After the very public break up played out in front of millions online, Kate and Ben Goldsmith finally called a truce on their war of words on Twitter.
But at the end of last month Jay Electronica took to Twitter to finally tell the world just what they thought about the man whose wife they stole.
And it wasn't flattering.
Jay Electronica's tweets to Ben Goldsmith
Electronica sent them messages on Twitter in which they referred to Mr Goldsmith as a ‘bitch' and threatened to pay them a visit.
It is believed to be the first time the pair have communicated on the site.
After a period of quiet, Electronica reignited the feud warning them to stop being ‘a f***ing hypocrite' by telling their side of the story to the press.
View Caption Hide Caption
CORAL GABLES — Because they “weren't taking care of business” in the classroom, linebackers Jermaine Grace, Terry McCray and running back Trayone Gray were held out of practice by UM coach Al Golden.
How long will the suspension last?
“That's up to them,” Golden said after Tuesday's practice, UM's fifth of the spring. “We've got to handle our business off the field. We've got to take care of our academics and that's it,” they said, gruffly adding that those players would not be available for media interviews until they start “taking care of their business.”
Grace, a junior, is expected to start at weak-side linebacker and has showed excellent range, coverage ability and a stronger body in practices this spring. McCray, a redshirt first-year student, is listed as a third-string middle linebacker behind Raphael Kirby and sophomore Juwon Young.
Gray, a sophomore, has turned heads with their trimmer, more muscular frame (6-foot-2, 222 pounds) and running style quarterback Brad Kaaya compared to “a wild bull.” They were a late qualifier for UM last August due to academics and joined the team in mid-camp.
“If they don't take care of their stuff academically, they're of no use to anybody,” Golden said. “Maturity's a big part of that.”
Crawford update: Golden said cornerback Antonio Crawford, who has been absent from practice since tweeting Saturday night that they are “out,” is “excused” from team activities. Golden did not offer further comment, calling it an internal matter.
After Crawford, UM's best at the nickel corner, or “Star” position, are Corn Elder, Tracy Howard and Deon Bush. “Those would be the three in their absence,” Golden said. Elder (hamstring) was upgraded from no-contact to limited-contact.
Stronger on the outside: Senior Tyriq McCord was shifted strong-side linebacker for two reasons: a lack of linebacker depth and a surplus of rush ends. That should help their NFL future, since they profile as an outside linebacker at the next level. Golden likes what they see so far with McCord (6-3, 242) and Darrion Owens (6-3, 235) at the SAM position, adding that their rush ends – Al-Quadin Muhammad (6-3, 260), Trent Harris (6-2, 245) and Demetrius Jackson (6-5, 250) are also larger and more talented than last year (when McCord and Harris, a true first-year student, got most of the work). “We got significantly bigger there – and better,” they said.
Golden said Jackson, who coaches mused last year might have been good enough to play and not redshirt, could make more of an impact than the third-down-only role most Muhammad, McCord and Chad Thomas played early in their careers. They also said Harris, who has added some 20 pounds, will be “tough to outwork.”
“He never hurts himself, he's always in the right position and as you know, coaches love that,: Golden said of Harris. “Coaches love consistency and guys that are accountable and responsible and do their job, so that's a good group over there.” Golden said they hope January enrollee Scott Patchan, coming off last August's ACL surgery, can join the group soon. Patchan has yet to fully participate in practice.
Badgley steps up: With Matt Goudis leaving the team for a post-graduation opportunity in the accounting world, the kicking job is Michael Badgley's to lose.
“It's always a competition, whether it's between them and I or myself and … me,” said Badgley, a walk-on sophomore who hopes to earn a scholarship this summer. “I'm always going to push myself to a certain limit. I'll keep going with that. I wish them the best.”
UM coach Al Golden said Badgley has “a strong leg” and “that self-assuredness that you have to have as a kicker.  They are really confident. We've probably got to take them down a couple notches,” they said, laughing.
Walk-ons Grant Coffman and Josh Bacon are competing with Badgley, who hit 14-of-18 field goals last year with a long of 48 yards. Golden said UM plans to bring in more walk-ons this summer.
Badgley said punter Justin Vogel will be the holder this year instead of safety Dallas Crawford. Badgley said Crawford – who never ran a fake punt as many thought they would – was a capable holder, but their duties as a defensive back pulled them away from special teams practices; they had much more time to work with Vogel.
“Coach Golden leaves it up to us [kickers],” Badgley said. “He just doesn't want any excuses at the end of the day.” Badgley said they and Vogel will compete in camp to be kickoff specialist.
Badgley, who wore No. 24 last year, wanted a single-digit number (he wore No. 5 in high school) but all that was available was No. 12 and No. 15. They went with No. 15 – the same Kaaya. “I guess they'll be selling my jerseys as well,” they joked.
UM to make hire, promotions: Several sources told the Post the Hurricanes will hire Josh Darrow, a WQAM sideline reporter for Hurricanes sports and editor-in-chief of SouthFloridaHighSchoolSports.com, to replace Kevin Beard as Assistant Director of Football Operations. That role is a behind-the-scenes role focusing on high school relations, social media and other coordination duties in the football office.
Additionally, UM staffers Jorge Baez and Eric Josephs were given promotions. Baez, a Miami native, former high school coach and Division 2 college assistant who also served in the UM football office under Larry Coker, was promoted to Coordinator of On Campus Recruiting/Offensive Personnel from Assistant Director of Player Personnel. Josephs, who had internships with three NFL teams and last year was UM's Assistant Director of Player Personnel, is now Director of Player Personnel.
Pro Canes at practice: Among the former Hurricanes who showed up to Tuesday's practice: Olivier Vernon, Sean Spence, Phillip Dorsett, Anthony Chickillo, Richard Gordon and Jon Feliciano. Other reporters spotted Lamar Miller and Denzel Perryman.
By the way, here's how the Hurricanes did at the NFL combine:
Scenes from Greentree:
From Monday night, when the UM Sports Hall of Fame hosted a charity bowling event at Splitsville in South Miami:
Source: Pixabay
From years of writing about and illness, I've learned that young people carry several extra burdens, especially when their disability is invisible (as is more often the case than not). This piece focuses on young people, although some of its points apply to people of any age, depending on their circumstances.
1. Young people are treated as if their issues can't possibly be chronic.
I hear from young people almost every day who've read my books or articles and write to me about their day-to-day challenges. For many of them, at the top of the list of those challenges is the fact that other people simply don't believe that a young person could possibly suffer from a condition that might be chronic.
When young people are treated as if their condition can't possibly be chronic, not only do they feel disregarded, but they may begin to question their own perceptions and judgment: “Is my body really this sick and in pain? Everyone says it can't possibly be the case, so maybe it's all in my head.” This questioning can lead to self-recrimination and can seriously erode a young person's and sense of self-worth.
This ignorance about young people with chronic illness has other consequences. Several young people have told me that they've been openly challenged when they park in a disabled spot, even though they have the required placard or sticker. A young woman with multiple sclerosis told me that someone spit on them when they didn't give up their seat to an older person on the subway.
I feel frustrated and sad when young people tell me that they've been challenged by others in this way. No one is too young to suffer from an invisible disability, and everyone should give others the benefit of the doubt.
2. Young people are repeatedly told: “You're too young to be in pain.”
Source: Pixabay
Countless young people have written to me, saying that thiis is one of the most frustrating and hurtful comments they have to listen to. No matter what their diagnosis, they're continually told that they can't possibly be in chronic pain at their age. Imagine how hard it must be to respond skillfully to a comment like that.
A 2013 study by the National Research Council and Institute of Medicine (NAC/IOM) showed, not just that Americans are getting sicker, but that young Americans are getting sicker. We need to raise awareness about the fact that chronic pain and chronic illness can strike anyone at any age.
I have a few comments on these first two burdens—comments that I'd like to address directly to young people.
First, regarding strangers who are rude, in my view, the best response is to immediately take care of yourself by not allowing their insensitivity to make you question yourself. The problem lies with their ignorance about chronic illness; it does not lie with you. Try to separate the person's response to you from your response to yourself. In other words, you know you're sick, and that should be good enough for you. It takes practice, but it's worth the effort.
As for family and who say your condition can't possibly be chronic or that you're too young to be in pain, of course, you should try to educate them. But, in the end, not all of them may be receptive. Many of my friends dropped away when I became chronically ill. I've learned to treasure the few who've stayed with me and the few who've newly entered my life because I know they don't question the chronic nature of my symptoms. I've worked on letting the others go. I feel better when I'm able to be okay with people sometimes disappointing me and to be willing to be content with those who accept me as I am.
3. Young people worry that they'll never find a romantic partner.
Living day-to-day with an unpredictable medical condition makes it hard to sustain regular friendships no matter how old you are. It's even harder to find romance. This is an ongoing worry for young people who are chronically ill. Many don't get past the first date. A young woman with Lupus recently wrote to me about a dinner date she'd had. The evening was going well, but when the guy found out that they wouldn't be able to go to a concert on the weekend because they were scheduled to get chemotherapy, they lost interest in them all together.
When I got sick, I was fortunate to have a committed partner who took that “in sickness and in health” vow seriously. It's a sobering thought to reflect on how unlikely it would be for me to find romance were I young. That said, it can happen if an and patient person enters the life of a young person who is chronically ill. It helps to think of creative ways to meet people. One woman told me that they met their fiancé online through a site (be sure it's a legitimate one). They said that the two of them had become so close via their back and forth emails that, when they finally met in person, it mattered not a bit to them that they were disabled.
4. Young people often can't complete their .
College is usually a ticket to brighter employment prospects. But when chronic illness strikes, young people are often forced to drop out of school.
When I served as the dean of students at the law school at U.C. Davis, I tried to help a young man who'd been sick with what the doctors initially thought was an acute viral infection. When, after six months, they still hadn't recovered, they were given the diagnosis of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. They were a dedicated student and was determined to get their law degree. When they and I realized that they could no longer keep up in their classes, I put them on a four-year program, which extended their studies by a year so that they could take a lighter class load. We thought that would do the trick.
But soon, they lost their ability to take care of their daily needs. Some days they couldn't get out of bed at all. This meant that they not only had to miss classes, but they couldn't get to the grocery store to buy food. It became increasingly clear that they could no longer live independently. And so, after completing 3/4 of the units toward their law degree, they had no but to withdraw from school and move back in with theirs who lived in another state.
I felt so bad for him. Little did I know that eight years later, I'd be given the same diagnosis and be forced, in effect, to withdraw from the very same school.
Young people with chronic illness often have to think outside the box when it comes to their education. This can be very difficult to do when a person is already struggling day-to-day with not feeling well. Hopefully, a dean of students or the Disability Services Office on campus can help with brainstorming and with creative solutions, such as moving to an extended program or taking some classes online.
5. Young people must sit by and watch others their age participate in activities that are out of reach for them.
A few months ago, I read an article in The Atlantic that was written by the wife of a 33 year-old-man who'd been diagnosed with the autoimmune disease, Ankylosing Spondylitis. (The link is here.) In the article, they quoted their husband describing how difficult and polarizing it was to be with people who weren't sick:
It's, like, I'm still only 33. I probably am still considered in a lot of people's eyes [to be] youthful enough that I shouldn't have to deal with thinking about this kind of stuff. I feel like my parents were still partying and drinking beers [at 33]. This is the age my Dad was when they had me. I don't think [he] was worrying about what [expletive deleted] pills they were going to take or not take, you know what I mean? They were like “We're out of Budweiser.”
Many young people tell me about their once-active lifestyles as hikers or marathon runners or social activists or yoga instructors. They're frustrated, and sometimes they're very angry. Always…they're sad. Worst of all, they tend to blame themselves for their inability to be active. I tell them over and over: “It's not your fault.” I also encourage them to focus on what they can do and to look for others (online or in-person) who have similar interests. It takes effort, but it's well-worth it.
6. Young people may be stigmatized by others.
When I was in grade school, all I wanted was to fit in or, at least, not be noticed. There was a boy named Alan in my 6th grade class who suffered from asthma so severe that they missed weeks of school at a time. When they did show up, everyone knew “this is the kid who's always sick,” and we treated them differently because of it. There was certainly no fitting in, no anonymity for Alan. They were stigmatized.
I realize now how terribly hard this must have been for him. They had to deal both with their illness and with their peers treating them as different. I hope he's had a good life, filled with love and understanding from family and friends. I wish I'd been compassionate enough to have been one of those friends.
7. Young people are burdened with worries about the future.
Of course, people of all ages and health statuses occasionally worry about the future. But young people who are chronically ill have years of health-related worries ahead of them—worries that are likely to include: What will happen to my health in the years to come? Will my condition gradually worsen? Will I become more and more restricted in my activities? Will I be able to support myself? Will I be able to live independently or will I become increasingly dependent on my family?
I encourage young people to talk to friends and family—even doctors—about these issues. The more information they can gather and the more support they have, the better equipped they'll be to plan for the future.
***
Chronic illness imposes an extra burden on the young. The challenges I've discussed make an already difficult life even harder. My heart goes out to these young people and their families, especially their parents who often become their caregivers.
© 2014 Toni Bernhard. Thank you for reading my work. I'm the author of three books;
How to Be Sick: A Buddhist-Inspired Guide for the Chronically Ill and Their Caregivers (Second Edition) 2018
How to Live Well with Chronic Pain and Illness: A Mindful Guide (2015). The theme of burdens on the young is expanded on in this book.
How to Wake Up: A Buddhist-Inspired Guide to Navigating Joy and Sorrow (2013)
All of my books are available in audio format from Amazon, audible.com, and iTunes.
Visit www.tonibernhard.com for more information and buying options.
Using the envelope icon, you can email this piece to others. I'm active on Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter.
These two pieces might also be helpful: “The Challenges of Living with Invisible Pain or Illness” and "10 Strategies to Try When You're Sick of Being Sick."
By Express News Service
NEW DELHI: Government is planning to introduce Aadhar-based Smart cards for senior citizens of the country. A proposal is under consideration for formulation of the scheme under the ministry of social justice and empowerment. It is envisaged that the proposed Smart Card would contain all the relevant details including health related information.
Thaawarchand Gehlot, minister for Social Justice and Empowerment said this during the second meeting of the national council of senior citizens organized by the ministry on Monday.
Gehlot informed that Rastriya Vayoshri Yojana for free of cost distribution of physical aids and assisted- living devices to senior citizens belonging to BPL category was launched by the ministry which aims at providing senior citizens suffering from age related disabilities or infirmities, such assisted living devices which can restore near normalcy in their bodily functions.
The minister said that at present, there is no central legislation or executive order prescribing minimum standards for the services and facilities to be made available in Old Age homes across sectors, either run by private, central or state Government. “It has been observed that there are widespread disparities in the services offered and facilities available in various Old Age Homes. Therefore, it has been considered desirable that certain standards be evolved and prescribed for such homes, touching all facets of their functioning from infrastructure, facilities to manpower etc. so that a senior citizen getting admitted to the home could legitimately expect certain level of standardized service. Action for evolving the standards and method of its statutory prescription is underway,” said the minister.
The national council of senior citizens advises Central and State governments on the entire gamut of issues related to welfare of senior citizens and enhancement of their quality of life.
- House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and three others were shot Wednesday morning during an early-morning practice for Thursday's annual Congressional Baseball Game, after a lone gunman armed with a rifle opened fire.
Shots rang out at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria, Virginia, at about 7:10 a.m., according to the FBI. The gunman has since died.
Scalise (R-La.) and three others, including Congressional aide Zachary Barth, former staffer and current Tyson Foods lobbyist Matt Mika and U.S. Capitol Police Special Agent Crystal Griner were wounded.
On Thursday morning, Scalise remains in critical condition as does Mika. Griner was in stable condition and Barth, who was shot in the leg, is expected to make a full recovery.
Special Agent David Bailey was not shot but was treated and released after suffering an injury during the incident. Rep. Roger Williams (R-Texas) was injured after diving into the dugout during the incident.
CONGRESSMAN SHOT: @SteveScalise & Matt Mika remain CRITICAL condition; Zachary Barth expected to make full recovery https://t.co/1eJskhblpc pic.twitter.com/ROcMULNSZV — FOX 5 DC (@fox5dc) June 15, 2017
U.S. Capitol Police said officers who were part of Scalise's security detail returned fire, wounding the shooter. The shooter has been identified by the FBI as 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois.
In an address to the nation late Wednesday morning, President Donald Trump said the gunman had died as a result of their injuries.
Scalise was rushed to MedStar Washington Hospital Center, where they underwent surgery Wednesday morning. Scalise's office said they had been in good spirits before going into surgery, and even called their wife on the phone.
MedStar Washington Hospital Center said Wednesday night that Scalise remains in critical condition.
The hospital said in a statement, "Congressman Steve Scalise sustained a single rifle shot to the left hip. The bullet travelled across their pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs, and causing severe bleeding. They were transported in shock to MedStar Washington Hospital Center, a Level I Trauma Center. They underwent immediate surgery, and an additional procedure to stop bleeding. They have received multiple units of blood transfusion. Their condition is critical, and they will require additional operations. We will provide periodic updates."
#UPDATE: U.S. Capitol Police Special Agents Crystal Griner (STABLE condition) & David Bailey (treated & released) https://t.co/1eJskhblpc pic.twitter.com/9w0GeKe0Bj — FOX 5 DC (@fox5dc) June 15, 2017
President Donald Trump made a surprise visit to the hospital where Scalise is being treated. The president and first lady Melania Trump brought two bouquets of white flowers to the hospital, according to the Associated Press. Trump sat by Scalise's bedside and spoke with their family. The president also met with Special Agent Griner and other Capitol Police Officers gathered at the hospital during their visit.
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but they are a real fighter. Pray for Steve! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017
U.S. Capitol Police said Griner was at the hospital in good condition after suffering a gunshot wound to their ankle. U.S. Capitol Police Special Agent David Bailey was treated and released from the hospital after they were grazed by bullet fragments, according to officials.
Mika, a former congressional aide who now works as a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, was shot multiple times and was in critical condition after surgery, according to their family.
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Az.) told FOX 5's Bob Barnard that Scalise was on second base fielding ground balls when they were shot by a man standing off the third base side of the field, armed with a rifle.
Flake said Scalise dragged themselves a short distance before collapsing on their way to the dugout, along with another staffer who had been shot. Flake described the gunman as having a large amount of ammunition.
"He looked like 40s, maybe 50, dark hair, white with a blue shirt on and I think jeans. My view of them was quick," Flake told FOX 5 in a live interview.
WATCH: Full interview with Sen. Jeff Flake below (app users: click here to watch)
Scalise was hit by a bullet on their hip, according to a statement from their office.
"We started giving them the liquids, I put pressure on their wound in their hip," Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.) said live on FOX 5. “I cannot imagine them (the shooter) going there for any other reason than to try and kill as many members of congress as they could."
Alexandria police said officers arrived at the scene within three minutes. The FBI was leading the investigation into the shooting and said it was running a trace on two weapons -- a rifle and a handgun. Federal officers were searching Hodgkinson's home in Belleville, according to the FBI.
Scalise, 51, is the No. 3 House Republican leader, and they have a 24-hour security detail. They were first elected to the House in 2008 after serving in the state legislature.
Flake also said Rep. Joe Barton's (R-Tx.) 10-year-old son was at the practice, and they were quickly sheltered in the dugout after shots rang out.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), who was also at the practice, told Fox News, "We were like sitting ducks."
Thank you to the first responders who rushed in to help protect those who were hurt in Alexandria, VA. My thoughts & prayers to everyone! — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) June 14, 2017
Rep. Roger Williams (R-Tx.) confirmed that a member of their staff, Zack Barth, was also among those shot. According to a tweet from Williams' official account, Barth is a legislative correspondent.
They were receiving medical attention and was expected to make a full recovery after being shot in the leg. Brooks very vividly told FOX 5 they put a tourniquet on Barth's leg in a dugout after they were hit.
RELATED STORY: Lawmakers React To Shooting of House Majority Whip
Barth later tweeted that they were at the hospital, but was OK. They thanked everyone for their thoughts and prayers.
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2017
A photographer who has been photographing the Congressional baseball game for decades told FOX 5 they were the first to spot the gunman. They said they were rushed into the dugout by Congressional staffers, but they were not injured.
President Trump tweeted that Scalise is "a true friend and patriot," adding that they expect Scalise to fully recover. The White House canceled President Trump's only scheduled event Wednesday due to the shooting, and instead, they addressed the nation about the shooting.
Wednesday's practice was the last one before Thursday's scheduled annual Congressional Baseball Game at Nationals Park. The game, which raises money for charity, dates back to 1909. The official website describes it as "the only annual partisan showdown that is beloved by all and enjoyed by thousands."
House and Senate members join together, and it's Republicans vs. Democrats on the field, with members usually wearing uniforms representatives of the states and districts they represent.
My heart is with my former colleagues, their families & staff, and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day. — Gabrielle Giffords (@GabbyGiffords) June 14, 2017
Over the years, it has evolved into a fundraiser for D.C. area charities including The Washington Literacy Center, The Boys and Girls Club of Greater Washington, and the Washington Nationals Dream Foundation. Tickets are under $20. The official website lists full rosters for both teams. Practice is held every morning at 6:30 am. Rep. Williams has been the Republican team's coach since joining Congress in 2013.
President Trump will not be attending Thursday's game due to security concerns.
After the shooting, a photo tweeted by Rep. Ruben J. Kihuen (D-Nv.) showed Democratic members of Congress who were also gathered at the field to practice huddled in a dugout praying for their Republican colleagues.
Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-Cal.) tweeted that the game would go on as planned Thursday, saying, "We will play for charity, but also for the victims and the heroic officers who took down the shooter."
It probably won't happen, but wouldn't you love to see Bernie vs. The Donald in prime time on live TV in LaLaLand hours before the California polls open?
Mano a mano, those two wacky sons of the outer boroughs, for all the marbles, as Hillary watches somewhere on a split screen, losing theirs — their marbles, I mean.
It must really suck to be Hillary Clinton these days. Even Andrea Mitchell can barely bring themselves to carry your water, George Stephanopoulos is speechless in their mortification, Mika no longer even tries to put a shine on the ex-first lady's sneaker.
You go on the cable shows by phone, a la Trump, except you're wracked by that mysterious hacking cough you can't seem to shake. Yesterday you had to fend off one snickering question after another about the “debate,” like you were a pitiful, helpless Nurse Ratched, no longer able to cow the Randle McMurphys in the Democrat ward with the prospect of a prefrontal Arkanacide lobotomy.
It's one thing for Bernie to disrespect Debbie Wasserman Schultz, but now he's laughing at you, Hillary.
This debate gag started out as a trial balloon, a joke floated out by Bernie via — wouldn't you just know it — Jimmy Kimmel, the one late-night network host least likely to genuflect in your royal presence. Stephen Colbert never would have dared commit such lese majeste, such blasphemy! They know their place in the firmament of smarm. On bended knee, like Letterman.
And then Kimmel tosses it to Trump underhand, slow-pitch, and The Donald tentatively says yeah. But then they back off, sleeps on it and finally tiptoes back to the idea, but only if the debate can be used as a charitable fundraiser to make $10 million or so for … “women's health issues.”
Women's health issues! Another slap at Bill. Why didn't Trump just mention rape-crisis centers while they were at it? Trump rode the elevator down in Trump Tower almost 11 months ago, and has they ever picked a fight yet that they aren't sure of winning? That's why they were still hedging their bets last night. But really, what's the downside for him? The Democrats aren't going to give it to Bernie under any circumstances, no matter how much they win California by, so Trump can just use it to dust up Hillary for the fall.
And by the way, if the debate does somehow start coming together against all the odds, how can Hillary not elbow their way in?
Be there or be square, that would be the quandary for Hillary. Square, or even squarer than they already are. Of course she'd be the ultimate third wheel. She's terrible on their feet, less an ad-libber than an ad-fibber. Everything they say just proves the old line from Sir Walter Scott:
“Oh what a tangled web we weave / when first we practice deceiving.”
Meanwhile, Trump will just be doing more of that “Bernie-we're-just-two-peas-in-a-pod” routine they started working on in Bismarck yesterday: “Honestly, their system's rigged just like our system's rigged … ”
Another revoltin' development for Hillary. Once again, it would take a heart of stone not to laugh.
Listen to Howie 3-7 p.m. today on WRKO AM 680.
(CNN) -- Friends have asked Brianne Bricker to be their bridesmaid so many times, that this summer they finally had to say "no."
It's not that the 24-year-old didn't want to be in their friend's wedding, but after spending more than $5,000 on nine weddings over the last two years, they literally just can't afford one more.
"It's hard, because she's somebody I'd want to have in my wedding," Bricker said, referring to the bride they turned down who is a close college friend.
But Bricker isn't the only bridesmaid to feel the burden of wedding expenses.
After adding up the cost of the dress, accessories, travel expenses, wedding gifts and more, WeddingChannel.com found that it costs about $1,695 to be a bridesmaid. The estimate was based on a 2010 Real Weddings study that surveyed more than 20,000 brides nationwide.
The highest expenses include travel to the wedding, shower and bachelorette party, which each can cost an average of $300.
Stars talk about "Bridesmaids"
Many bridesmaids don't realize how quickly the expenses can add up, says Amy Eisinger, associate editor of WeddingChannel.com.
"From the moment they announce the engagement, to the day your friend walks down the aisle, if that's a year and a half, you don't realize that you've spent $1,600," they said.
As the economy struggles out of a slump, the price of weddings -- and the cost of being a bridesmaid -- is starting to rise.
"We saw the cost go down during the recession because brides were incredibly cost conscious in what they were asking their friends to do," Eisinger said.
Now, brides are asking for more formal weddings with larger price tags.
While women want to be in their best friend's wedding, some just can't spend all their savings on the big day. So how do you break it to the bride that you can't be them bridesmaid?
"Be honest up front," says Jodi R.R. Smith, author of "The Etiquette Book," which includes advice on everything from the proper music selection to the wording on wedding invitations.
"If you try to be able to do it, then you end up maxing out your credit cards and going into debt," Smith said. "You should never be going into debt for a friend's wedding."
Smith advises women to turn down bridesmaid offers in person, but never during a wedding-related event like the bridal shower. Instead, grab coffee or find a time to talk outside of work.
Don't "throw a fit" about the expenses, but just tell the truth, Eisinger says.
"You are allowed to say, 'Look, I'm just not going to be able to afford the $200 wedding dress and the trip to Mexico for the bachelorette party and the fact that it's a destination wedding in Key West,' " they said.
Destination weddings and honeymoons
Brides who want their friends to walk down the aisle with them will probably offer to pay for expenses like the dress or plane ticket to the wedding, Smith said.
"If it's a choice between having somebody be in your wedding party or having them all wear designer bridesmaid dresses, I would choose the people and the cheaper bridesmaid dress," Smith said.
Bridesmaid Christina Barkel was allowed to pick their own dress for a wedding as long as it was royal blue. After months of scouring sale racks and thrift stores, they found the perfect dress for only $40.
Barkel, an AmeriCorps member who earns a small stipend, is paying for only the dress and $450 plane ticket from Michigan to California to be in their friend's wedding in San Diego. Barkel said the bride offered to pay for three of their four nights in a hotel because they understand Barkel can't afford the expense.
Knowing what bridesmaids can and can't afford can be a tricky situation for brides. It's not polite to ask directly, so Smith advises brides to give a spreadsheet with an estimated cost of expenses to their bridesmaids. That way, women can see if their bank accounts can handle the final total.
More "Bridesmaids" coming down the aisles?
But like in the movie "Bridesmaids," unexpected surprises like a bachelorette party in Las Vegas do happen. In these cases, bridesmaids shouldn't be shy to offer alternatives.
"Instead of the bachelorette party in Vegas, [if] you're all East Coast people, have it in Atlantic City," Smith says.
University of Michigan graduate student Katie Okonowski, 23, will be a bridesmaid in their younger sister's wedding next spring. Okonowski said they were thrilled to hear that their sister chose a venue in their hometown of Dearborn, Michigan.
"The fact that it's not out of town, and I don't have to pay for a hotel or travel cost, is really a big cost saver," they said.
Travel is the biggest expense, but bridesmaids shell out an average of $75 for shoes and another $60 for jewelry, according to the Wedding Channel study. Tack on $100 for manicures, hair and makeup.
Celebrity wedding gowns through the decades
Katie Tobin, a 26-year-old student at Loyola University's Law School, is attending nine weddings this summer and is a bridesmaid for two of them. She's having a relative do their hair for their friend's wedding after the previous hair salon bill was twice as much as expected.
Tobin said they feel "a little overwhelmed" with wedding costs because there are so many at once, and they estimate that she'll spend close to $1,300 as a bridesmaid.
While she's using their savings to pay for the dresses and bachelorette parties, they can afford only inexpensive kitchen accessories as wedding gifts.
"I'm still in law school, so luckily, my friends understand I can't do anything too extravagant giftwise," they said.
Bricker, whose friends compare them to the main character in"27 Dresses," says they have had second thoughts about being in some of the weddings in which they aren't as close to the bride.
"I think you underestimate how much it's going to cost," they said with a knowing laugh. "To be honest, it's probably some of the reason that I'm as poor as I am."
Being a bridesmaid drained my bank account
Tips for bridesmaids on a budget
1) The dress: If the bride picks a dress that costs $300, don't feel like you don't have any right to speak up. Do a little research, and see if you can find a similar dress that costs less, Eisinger suggests. Or suggest to the bride that they choose a color and you pick your own dress. That way, you can find something more affordable.
2) Party planning: Hold the bridal shower and bachelorette party on the same weekend so you don't have to fly somewhere two separate weekends.
3) Gifts: Consider group gifting when it comes time to buy the gift for the bridal shower and for the wedding.
4) Lodging: If you're going to stay in a hotel room, find out who the other single girls are in the bridal party or ask the bride if they have any other single friends who will be coming. Then find out if you can split a hotel room with another girl so you're cutting back on hotel costs.
5) Balancing the budget: At the very beginning, come up with a total number of how much you want to spend on the wedding, and then keep a running tab somewhere on your computer or your iPhone of how much you're really spending. If the wedding is spread out over the course of a year and a half, that will help you keep your spending more in check.
A year after it was set up, the world's largest aquaponics centre has started to sell salad crops to supermarkets across the UAE and will market its fish in one year's time. Set up with a grant from the Khalifa Fund, the Dh4 million project combines traditional fish farming with a system that uses their waste as fertiliser for hydroponic vegetable tanks. The Baniyas centre, located in the Zayed Higher Agricultural Centre for Development and Rehabilitation in Abu Dhabi, has so far produced 10 tonnes of fish. The centre has two 2,400-square metre greenhouses - one for fish, one for vegetables. Between them is a series of tanks and filters that turn the ammonia-rich waste from the fish into food for the plants.
The project started last year with 10,000 tilapia fingerlings - juvenile fish - from Holland. "The 10 tonnes of fish we produced in the past year will be reused in the system for the coming year before we can start selling it to the Abu Dhabi fish market," said Mohamed Al Areefi, the director of the centre. "We plan on providing the market with fish twice a week, or 600 kilograms a month."
A similar set-up has been running for 11 years in the Virgin Islands.
The fish excreta is high in ammonia, which is toxic. But the filters and cleaning tanks contain nitrosomonas bacteria that convert the ammonia into nitrites, and nitrobacter bacteria that process the nitrite into nitrate. This can then be used as fertiliser. And due to its automatic recirculating system, aquaponics does not need much monitoring or measuring. It also uses organic chemicals in its tanks to give the plants more taste.
After another strong effort on Friday night stand in captain Dyson Heppell believes the future is bright for Essendon.
Speaking after the round 16 loss to North Melbourne, Heppell shared that the whole team had been reinvigorated by the enthusiasm and effort being brought to the club by the young players.
Essendon's Friday night team had 12 players who had played under 50 games in what was an even younger side compared to the one that took on Melbourne.
A strong second half performance saw the young Bombers outfit take a narrow lead into the main break. However, they were unable to hold onto the advantage as a more experienced Kangaroo side ran away with a 25-point win.
“We had a pretty young side in and they certainly gave a fantastic effort,” Heppell said.
“In the end a couple of periods in that second half cost us.”
Heppell, only 23 himself, told SEN although it was disappointing not being able to hold onto the half-time lead, Bomber fans can be reassured that there are better times just around the corner.
After an up and down last few weeks the boys are still well motivated according to Heppell, who believes the team will only grow from more time together.
“Last week was a fantastic response from the group coming off that St. Kilda game,” Heppell said.
“I think the boys were able to carry that into this week as well as just the actual effort and enthusiasm that the young boys [have] brought to the group has been a real positive.”
India has been ranked at the 100th position among 149 nations in the global prosperity index, showing a four-rank improvement from last year, according to 2017 Legatum Prosperity Index released on Wednesday.
India's improvement stems from gains in three — Business Environment, Economic Quality and Governance — of the nine pillars of prosperity. Last month, the country jumped 30 places to rank 100th in the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business rankings, owing to the string of reforms implemented by the Narendra Modi government.
The improvement in Economic Quality is reported to be due to the proportion of the population with bank accounts, which increased to 53 percent in 2014 from 35 percent in 2011. While gains in Business Environment is said to be driven by improved intellectual property rights.
India recorded the second largest increase in the business environment after South Africa that saw the largest jump due to reduced electricity connection costs and an improved Logistics Performance Index.
In Governance, where every region shows an improvement, India's legislation recorded also an increase in the ability to challenge regulation in the legal system.
The percentage of Indians who reported to not have enough food to eat rose to 35 percent from 26 percent in 2016, owing to the largest falls reported the availability of adequate food since last year.
India is catching up with China, which ranks 90th in the prosperity index.
"India has narrowed the gap on China to a quarter of what it was in 2012," said the report.
More Indians reported being satisfied with their standard of living and household incomes as India shows significant improvement in Economic Quality and Education.
In contrast, China, saw a decline in the same pillars as economically people perceived greater barriers to trade and less encouragement of competition; and educationally through a falling primary school completion rate.
"Our hope is that our Index can continue to help governments and policy-makers to identify and promote policies that create pathways from poverty to prosperity,” the Legatum Institute's CEO, Philippa Stroud said.
India's neighbour, Pakistan ranks 137th in the prosperity index. It performs poorly in Natural Environment, Safety and Security and Personal Freedom.
The Legatum Prosperity Index is the world's leading global measure of economic and social wellbeing that studies 104 indicators under these categories: Economic Quality, Business Environment, Governance, Personal Freedom, Social Capital, Safety and Security, Education, Health and Natural Environment.
Norway tops the prosperity index by regaining the first spot from New Zealand. The country shows consistent improvement in business environment and governance in the past twelve months, with Norwegians more optimistic about starting a business and more confident in their government than last year.
Europe ranks fifth in the index, while the UK maintains its 10th place driven by the best Business Environment in Europe. Economic Quality in the UK has also begun to recover and now sits ahead of both Canada and the US.
The key findings show that global prosperity now sits at its highest level — 2.6 percent up since 2007, in spite of significant international turbulence, an alarming deterioration in global security and a widening gap between the most and least 30 nations prosperous nations.
Nearly two-thirds of nations show a decline in Safety and Security pillar, five times more than any of the Index's other pillars. The Middle East and North African (MENA) records the highest decline as a result of Syria's civil war.
Flumph Characteristics Alignment Lawful Good Image Wizards.com image Publication history First appearance Fiend Folio
The flumph is a monster found in the fictional world of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game. Flumphs are described as sentient, and are the only Lawful Good creatures in the original 1981 Fiend Folio. Since the 3rd edition of D&D, license-holders Wizards of the Coast have primarily used flumphs for comedic value.
Publication history [ edit ]
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 1st edition (1977–1988) [ edit ]
The flumph was designed by Ian McDowall and Douglas Naismith, and was first introduced in the Fiend Folio (1981) monster sourcebook for D&D 1st Edition.[1] In the humorous adventure Castle Greyhawk (1988), flumphs inhabit the plane of Silly and Unused Monsters, and appear in an encounter titled "The Room That Lets the Party Make It to the Next Set of Rooms".[2]
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd edition (1989–1999) [ edit ]
The flumph was updated for D&D 2nd Edition rules in the Monstrous Compendium Annual Vol. 2 (1995).[3] The flumph is further detailed in "The Ecology of the Flumph" in Dragon #246 (April 1998).[4]
Dungeons & Dragons 3rd edition (2000–2007) [ edit ]
The flumph was officially featured in the 3.5 edition adventure "Box of Flumph"[5] by Tim Hitchcock in Dungeon magazine #118 (January 2005).[6] A 2006 April Fool's joke announced the release of miniatures for Modrons, flumphs, and similar creatures.[7] Knowledge Arcana #9 (May 2007), an electronic magazine which drew largely on contributions from members of the Wizards of the Coast online community, features the articles "Lawful Great – One Flumph's Epic Journey to Herodom" which includes a stat block for a male celestial flumph,[8] and in "Unglued! Top Secret New D&D Miniatures Set" there is a D&D miniatures version of Flumphy, the Huge Fiendish Dire Flumph of Legend.[9]
Dungeons & Dragons 4th edition (2008–2013) [ edit ]
As part of a 2009 April Fools' joke, 4th Edition stats for the Flumph were included in the "Fool's Grove" Dungeon Delve article.[10] The flumph appeared in fourth edition in the humorous adventure "Fools Grove" on the Wizards of the Coast website.[11]
Dungeons & Dragons 5th edition (2014–) [ edit ]
Wizards of the Coast discussed potential changes to the flumph for fifth edition in 2013.[12] In May 2014, Wizards of the Coast confirmed the flumph would be included in the Monster Manual for fifth edition, released September 30, 2014.[13][14]
Physical description [ edit ]
Flumphs are depicted as similar in appearance to jellyfish. However, they float in the air rather than water, and have eyes on stalks. Flumphs are helpless if flipped on to their "back".
Other publishers [ edit ]
The flumph appeared in the Tome of Horrors (2002) from Necromancer Games.[15] Center Stage Miniatures created two flumph miniatures for the Tome of Horrors Complete.[16]
The flumph is fully detailed in Paizo Publishing's book Misfit Monsters Redeemed (2010), on pages 34–39.[17] The flumph also appeared in Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Bestiary 3 (2011), on page 118.[18]
Other mentions [ edit ]
Flumphs have appeared in online comics, including 5-Minute Workday,[19] d20Monkey,[20] and in The Order of the Stick, where the flumphs are recurring characters.[21] The flumph has featured in Something Awful,[22] and on Dungeon Bastard.
Knowing what happens when a flumph is flipped on its back was cited as an example characteristic of a hardcore fantasy role-playing gamer by writer David M. Ewalt in their book Of Dice and Men.[23]
Reception [ edit ]
CJ Miozzi included the flumph on The Escapist's list of "The Dumbest Dungeons & Dragons Monsters Ever (And How To Use Them)".[24]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
At last night's Windsor-Essex .NET Developers Group, we had Reid Evans presenting a talk on Getting Started with Functional Programming in F#.
I absolutely loved this talk and wanted to share it along with some of my thoughts and takeaways.
I've been over the last year or two going back and forth with learning F# and understanding more functional programming concepts. So I was really looking forward to this talk.
If you have any questions, please follow me on Twitter.
Follow @codeopinion
Video
This is the live stream we had to our user group. If you are interested in functional programming and F#, I highly recommend giving this a watch.
Follow @ReidNEvans
Takeaways
I thought Reid's intended takeaways were all met. I came out of that talk with exactly what they intended. As a speaker, I think this is the ultimate goal. What you are trying to convey is achieved.
That's not to say people can find other takeaways, but knowing what you are trying to present and is received is great.
Defaults matter & No more null!
I think the hardest idea to fully “get” is how defaults matter. I think this is really expressed when you see the difference of not being able to have null.
The alternative of using the Option Type (a Union Type) as an alternative way of thinking about the problem of something not existing. In Reid's example, a record not existing in the database.
What I love about is how you handle the resulting Option Type with pattern matching. What I take from this is forcing the caller to property handle either Some or None .
I think Reid said it really well that if your language allows null, you must check for null everywhere. If it does not allow null, and uses something like an Option type, then that is very explicit.
Type Providers == Awesome
They are truly awesome. It was really interesting to see how a type from a column of a database could be then be used to infer the argument of a method. This is kind of mind blowing.
I can see the value this would provide a developer in terms of not making simple accidental mistakes. Plus having a built-in integration test at compile time is just fantastic.
Composing Small Functions
Although the idea of writing small classes and methods are familiar to you in C#, I think the concept of you use those functions in a functional language is what differs.
I loved the example of how the validation was tied together as it gives a great real world example. As with everything I still need more understanding on this and where this can take you.
Other Thoughts
What I loved about this talk is it used real world simple examples of things you would do building an app like data access and validation.
It was very easy to transfer the content into something you could relate to. I think the fact that Reid often went down the road of making the comparisons to something I was already familiar with was a great help.
If you watched the video, I'd love to hear your comments. Reid would probably love feedback as well. Please post a comment or on Twitter.
Electronic Arts took a lot of flak from PS3 customers of Battlefield 3, who argued that they were promised a free copy of Battlefield 1943 prior to the game's release. The announcement itself was made by EA during their press conference at E3 earlier this year.
Refusing to keep to its word, EA reneged on the promise and denied all they had said. Until now, that is. The publisher has since dismissed it as a "misunderstanding" and says they intend to deliver the promised free copy of Battlefield 1943 after all.
You will be able to grab your free copy of the game, assuming you own Battlefield 3, this weekend if you're in Europe. Americans will have to wait until December 10, while Asians will have to wait a week longer.
To download your copy of Battlefield 1943, simply visit 1943redemption.battlefield.com and log in with your Origin username and password. Follow the rest of the steps on the screen.
Uber as a company has not identified Lambert. In fact the Comcast subscriber has remained anonymous throughout the court proceedings. Still, it's quite a leap to go from an IP address that accessed a publicly available file to outright hacking. The company believes that while there is no direct connection between the mystery Comcast IP and the hack, the identity of the person behind that address could shed some light on the breach. Which isn't all that far fetched.
Lance Cottrell, chief scientist of security firm Ntrepid told Engadget this type of situation is "characteristic of the kind of mistakes people make when conducting an attack." If the person behind the IP address stumbled onto the key while perusing Uber's GitHub account, it's already too late to start hiding who they are. It's usually not until a bad actor starts an actual attack that they take precautions like using a VPN or public WiFi to hide their identity. Of course that's if the anonymous internet user is actually responsible.
Cottrell also said we should question the thoroughness in which Uber excluded other IPs. It's unclear how many IP addresses hit the file, was in the tens or hundreds? How did it determine if someone was nefarious or not? Also, if the key was buried pretty deep in the company's GitHub page, there's a good chance it wasn't cached by Google. But if it wasn't, Google could have cached the file and anyone could have grabbed it without leaving a trail.
Concerning the speculation that an Lyft employee may have had something to do with the breach, Lyft gave Engadget the following statement: "Uber allowed login credentials for their driver database to be publicly accessible on GitHub for months before and after a data breach in May 2014. We investigated this matter long ago and there are no facts or evidence that any Lyft employee, including Chris, downloaded the Uber driver information or database, or had anything to do with Uber's May 2014 data breach."
Uber declined to comment for this article.
[Image credit: Getty/AFP]
Taylor Swift withheld their new album 1989 from music streaming services, and has now removed all their albums from Spotify
All of Taylor Swift's albums have been removed from Spotify and other streaming music services, in an escalation of the artist's previous policy of “windowing” their new album releases.
When Swift's new album 1989 was released on 27 October, it was not available to stream on Spotify and its rivals, following the same policy used for its predecessor Red.
As of today, though, that album and Swift's entire back catalogue have been removed. While Swift and their label Big Machine Music have yet to comment, Spotify broke the news in a blog post.
“We hope she'll change their mind and join us in building a new music economy that works for everyone,” said the company.
“We believe fans should be able to listen to music wherever and whenever they want, and that artists have an absolute right to be paid for their work and protected from piracy. That's why we pay nearly 70% of our revenue back to the music community.”
Spotify added that nearly 16 million of its 40 million active users had played Swift's songs in the last 30 days, while their tracks had been added to more than 19 million playlists on its service.
According to play-count statistics on Spotify this morning, Red's tracks had been played more than 260m times on the service since the album was made available to stream in May 2013, eight months after it first went on sale.
When 1989 was windowed, Spotify informed its users that “The artist or their representatives have decided not to release this album on Spotify. We are working on it and hope they will change their mind soon.”
Shortly after, the firm's head of public policy, Jonathan Prince, tweeted in a similar style, asking the artist not to “let down” them fans.
jonathan prince (@jonathanmprince) Hey @taylorswift13 the haters gonna hate, hate, hate but 40 million+ Spotifiers gonna play, play, play. Don't let them down for too long. xo
Now those 40 million Spotifiers won't be able to play, play, play any of their songs unless Big Machine – which the Guardian has contacted for a comment – decides to put it back on.
This has happened before with a high-profile artist: Paul McCartney's back catalogue was removed from streaming services in 2010, before being made available again in 2012.
One factor in the removal is likely to have been the record-breaking first-week sales of 1989, which in the US looks like it could overtake the 1.319m copies Britney Spears' debut sold in its first week. That would make Swift's album the highest selling first week by a female solo artist in US history.
The removal comes days after the New York Post reported that Big Machine's owner Scott Borchetta was looking to sell the label for more than $200m. The report claimed that Swift has only one album left on their contract with the company, but also that their family owns a stake in the business.
It remains to be seen how today's news might affect Big Machine's valuation, although if the result is a bump in sales for Swift's older albums – Apple's iTunes store is currently discounting Red and 2010's Speak Now to £4.99 each – could drive the price higher.
The digital marketing for 1989 has already sparked controversy among British fans of Taylor Swift, who complained that one track, released via Apple's iTunes store in the run-up to the album's release elsewhere in the world, was withheld in the UK.
“To all my wonderful UK fans, I realise that you are not yet able to get ‘Out Of The Woods' due to a new strategy my record label is working on in the UK,” they explained in a post on Tumblr.
“My good friend Ed Sheeran utilised the same strategy with ‘One' in the UK and they seemed very happy with the feedback from their fans. But, ultimately, it's down to you. Let me know.”
Those same fans will now be letting Swift know their opinion on the removal of their back catalogue, for better or worse.
Colby Procyk, 7, loves to read.
It wasn't always the case though. A few months ago, they struggled with reading and was embarrassed to be called on in class.
Enter the Animal Rescue League of Berks County, whose Book Buddies program turned things around for Colby.
Once or twice a week, Colby goes to the animal shelter to read to cats. The program pairs about 30 children a week with felines awaiting adoption.
Related: After uproar, man drops bid to evict library cat.
Getting the cats to pay attention can sometimes be a challenge but the kids don't seem to mind. The program helps the children relax and become better readers and the shelter says the company helps soothe and socialize the cats.
Animal Rescue League of Berks County
"It doesn't matter to them [the cats] what the book is about, how well the child is reading to them or anything like that," said Kristi Rodriguez, a volunteer and program coordinator at the center. "They just love the one-on-one contact that the kids provide."
At the start of the school year, Colby was reading below grade level. Recently, they received an award for most improved student in their second-grade class.
"I've seen a big growth in their reading ability and their confidence," said their teacher Nicole Gonzalez.
Colby's mother, Katie Procyk, said the program has really helped.
"It makes them absolutely confident in their reading ability and he's more inclined to read now," they said.
ABC News' Rachel Humphries contributed to this story.
Here's a game we can all play at home. All you need is a internet connection, the iTunes software and a little imagination (a puerile one, at that). Go to the search tool in the top right hand corner and start typing in swear words, any that come into your head. Try "shit" and see what comes up. I was immediately drawn to the touching Shit On You by D12 featuring Eminem. But if you look closely you'll see that the moral guardians at iTunes have decided that the word "shit" should be written as "sh*t" so as not to offend any delicate minds that might read it and think ... well ... what exactly? That rappers use naughty words and may or may not indulge in aspects of scatology? I was mortified to find that Fuck Them Gently by Tenacious D now reads F**k Them Gently, or that Radio 2 favourites Scissor Sisters now have a song called T**s On The Radio.
So, what's this mild form of censorship all about? The strangest thing about it is that they're not actually stopping you from listening to the songs, but merely from having your mind scarred by seeing the words in print. So, F**k The Pain Away by Peaches is OK to listen to but not to read. Bizarrely, it seems to only relate to song names and album titles but not band names, so the poetic-sounding Anal Cunt and Fucked Up are fine. There's also some discrepancy when it comes to matters of sexuality (sorry, s*xuality), as shown by the lack of censorship on Katy Perry's Ur So Gay but the inclusion of the dreaded asterisks on Lesbians On Ecstasy's self-titled album L******s On Ecstacy. Katy Perry - as controversial as they so clearly is - perhaps may feel slightly aggrieved that their new single has fallen foul of this new regime. That's right, Hot'n'Cold is now H*t'n'Cold, a pre-emptive strike, perhaps? Also, for those playing along at home, "penis" and "balls" are completely outlawed but "nipple" is OK. Poor CSS come out particularly badly; their debut album is barely legible.
Apple has since announced that the sporadic nature of the censorship was down to a glitch in the new system they're using, a system used to filter out offensive words. So, they're still intent on shielding users from words such as "fuck" but hopefully "hot" and "bum" will now be OK. It's censorship, but with slightly more common sense.
Censorship is always a contentious issue, especially as it basically boils down to who gets to decide what others should and shouldn't see. Is iTunes right to start censoring words in the hope of protecting any young children that may venture onto a computer in search of the new Girls Aloud single? Who, by the way, themselves fall foul with their potty-mouthed Long H*t Summer single. Or is it a case of closing the stable door after the foul-mouthed horse has bolted? Plus, as with all censorship, it only draws attention to the fact that a swear word is being used, the written equivalent of the aural "bleep" that blights most rap records. If you ask me, the iTunes prudes are just taking the p**s.
Jon Stewart went head to head with an insurance industry insider that is attempting to kill President Barack Obama's efforts at health care reform.
Betsy McCaughey is the former Lt. Governor of New York and is partly responsible for the downfall of President Bill Clinton's health care reform. Them 1994 feature in The New Republic, “No Exit,” blew the first big hole in Clinton's health plan. McCaughey is currently listed as a board member of the Cantel Medical Corporation.
In 2009, McCaughey took a shot at Obama's health care reform in a New York Post op-ed where they claimed that the health care bill would require end-of-life consultations. PolitiFact.com gave McCaughey's claim a “pants on fire” rating and called it “a ridiculous falsehood.”
Jon Stewart invited McCaughey to provide the exact passage in the bill that states end-of-life consultations would be “mandatory.” McCaughey admitted that the word “mandatory” never appears in the legislation but insisted that doctors would be penalized for not providing consultations.
Stewart quickly corrected them “That is not in in any way what this said.”
“You and I disagree about the reading of this bill,” said McCaughey. “Because under the new Medicare pay performance system, doctors who don't adhere to the protocols delivered by the federal government on what is cost effective and appropriate care get dinged in their payments. They get paid less. There's actual financial pressure,” they said.
Stewart disagreed. “That's not the interpretation of the bill. The interpretation of the bill is to get empirical evidence complied on things that work. It's following science for medicine,” they explained.
Part 1 of Jon Stewart's complete and unedited interview with McCaughey can be viewed here. Part 2 is here.
This video is from Comedy Central's The Daily Show, broadcast Aug. 20, 2009.
Download video via RawReplay.com
Red Bull's performance always come to the fore when the chassis plays a more prominent role and their power unit deficit is marginalised.
Monaco, Hungary and Singapore stand out as its best opportunities in this instance, and is why they have been earmarked as favourites for Singapore.
While Red Bull has been synonymous with these high-downforce situations for a number of years, it's interesting that it has recently been holding its own at circuits that don't traditionally favour its characteristics.
Just check out the straight line speed it had at Monza, where it was not as far down on the opposition as its power deficit would have you believe.
So, what is it about the RB12 that gives it an edge in these situations? Our colleagues on the Italian edition of Motorsport.com posed that question to Enrique Scalabroni, ex-Ferrari and Williams designer, who had some interesting insight into the 'rake' used by Red Bull.
It's Scalabroni's assertion that Red Bull has a variable rake set-up that allows it to dynamically improve downforce and minimise drag.
Of course Red Bull's philosophy has centred around the nose-down attitude of the car, increasing the size of the diffuser by virtue of the car's angle, since 2009.
However, this is but one part of the story, with many of the avenues used by the team to make this philosophy work having been closed down by changes in the regulations to limit their performance over the years.
Mercedes W04 FRIC system Photo by: Giorgio Piola
Scalabroni explained that during the earlier incarnations, the team needed to create clever solutions to 'seal' the diffuser - with Red Bull unsurprisingly at the forefront of the exhaust blowing revolution that ran from 2010 up until the start of the hybrid era.
The energy of the exhaust plume was used to populate the area between the tyre's side wall and the diffuser, creating a sort of 'thermal skirt', assisting the diffusers expansion.
Red Bull RB6 flexible front wing Photo by: Giorgio Piola
Meanwhile, other solutions were being implemented, such as flexible front wings that made further use of the raked attitude of the car.
The flexi-wings, which started another development war, pivoted down from the wing's neutral section to the outer edge to maximise the vortex that could be generated, improving downforce and displacing airflow around the front tyre.
The FIA subsequently increased the load tests done during scrutineering to limit this push on aeroelasticity. Whilst the effects of the trick became limited, they were not been forgotten.
Ferrari SF15T and Red Bull RB9 T trays Photo by: Giorgio Piola
One of the key components behind the raked attitude of the Red Bull car is the splitter or 'tea-tray', as it is the limiting factor in how much rake can be achieved.
Such is the performance advantage that can be gained from running the splitter beyond the considered zero point, it is an area of the car that the FIA monitor closely.
Down the years, teams have used all sorts of clever mechanisms to circumnavigate load tests conducted on the splitter, and Red Bull has always been under close scrutiny due to the level of rake it runs
The load tests have steadily increased since 2009 to counter any potential developments but perhaps the most interesting change was made in 2014, when the FIA insisted that teams return to the use of Titanium for their skids.
Granted the sparks created by the skids are a plus side, especially at the night race in Singapore, but it was the admission that teams had been using Tungsten previously that got lost amongst this.
Tungsten had become the material of choice for the skids as although it is slightly heavier than Titanium, it doesn't wear as fast. That means the blocks could be exposed to the track surface more often without incurring serious plank damage.
It was no surprise therefore that rival teams suggested one of the motivating forces for mandating the use of titanium was actually to prevent Red Bull being able to run its plank on the floor as much through excessive rake.
Despite the obstacles having been placed in the way of Red Bull, its desire to run with a raked attitude remains, as the performance that can be gleaned makes it worth the effort.
It's a philosophy that requires all of the parts to work together and, whilst exhaust blowing to seal the diffuser is no longer a viable avenue, the team has continued to look at ways of minimising airflow disturbance.
How rake returned
Scalabroni suggests that this begins with a key aero structure 250mm from the car's centreline, where the neutral section of the front wing terminates and the flapped section begins.
This surface juncture creates pressure gradients that collide, creating a highly energetic vortex (Y250) that's directed down the car, past various other aerodynamic devices that control its direction and vorticity.
This helps to understand how the RB12 is such a phenomenal car through the corners, with downforce aplenty. But it doesn't explain how the team are getting the best from the car on the straights given their power unit deficit to the other teams at circuits they'd ordinarily struggle.
This is where Enrique proposes that the team have elected to run with a more softly sprung rear end than is normally the case.
Ordinarily, they said, a team would use around 1500lb springs to maintain aero stability, whilst he'd argue that the RB12 is using around 600lb.
This means that it can achieve the optimum rake through the corners but once on a straight, the downforce being generated continues to pull the rear of the car down toward the ground, changing the car's attitude and, with it, the loaded wing elements. This reduces the downforce and drag it generate, boosting top speed.
Suspension focus
We can't talk about this without giving a nod to FRIC (Front-to-rear interconnected suspension).
In 2014 the FIA banned the use of hydraulic systems to connect the front and rear suspensions in order to improve the dynamic platform of the car.
Whilst it considerably improved the mechanical stability of the car, the more mature systems were also focused on improving the aerodynamic efficiency of the car too.
Mercedes-AMG F1 Team W07 suspension detail Photo by: Giorgio Piola
FRIC may be banned but that doesn't mean the knowledge is discarded, far from it. Instead, the teams have continued to work on solutions that maintain chassis parity, as they search for more mechanical grip and trade it off for aerodynamic performance.
Mercedes continues to lead the way in this respect, with an all hydraulic arrangement at the front of the W07, as we've uncovered previously, allowing it to ride kerbs, take more aggressive lines and generally help with tyre performance and degradation.
Red Bull can attribute much of its relative pace improvement to the fine tuning of its suspension too, although you'd have to argue that the current tyre situation has played right into its hands.
The current high pressures being enforced mean the sidewall is less susceptible to deformation, improving its aerodynamic consistency.
This is because the tyre is an organic item: its properties change around the course of a lap depending on the loads exerted on it.
Control of these changes in shape can have a dramatic improvement on performance, especially as during the corners a tyre's deformation pushes airflow laterally into key airflow structures such as the diffuser and at vMax the tyre will grow, changing its profile and the wake it sheds, likely leading to more drag.
The finite control of tyre pressures and temperatures was one basket where Mercedes had its eggs stored and, so the recent change of protocol will undoubtedly have had an effect, although it's a cascading one, as others were doing it too, just not on the same level.
Another thing that'll buoy Red Bull is that Mercedes is still unsure of its performance at Singapore compared with last year, where it struggled for pace relative to the other teams.
Such was its despair that it created a separate working group to investigate the issues that befell it during a weekend that prompted some wild conspiracy theories.
A sensitivity to the tyres, given the change of starting pressures in the preceding round, is considered the lead culprit.
Even so, it will be more wary, especially with the use of three tyre compounds this season making setup even more crucial.
Union minister of state Giriraj Singh has sparked a major controversy by targeting Congress president Sonia Gandhi in racist remarks, questioning whether the party would have accepted them as its chief if the colour of their skin hadn't been white."Rajiv Gandhi koi Nigerian lady se viyah kiye hote, gori chamra na hota to kya Congress party usko netritya sweekarti kya? (If Rajiv Gandhi had married some Nigerian lady, if they aren't white, would the Congress party have given them its leadership?)" Singh was heard saying in footage aired by TV channels on Wednesday.Singh, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP from Nawada in Bihar, made the remarks after an interaction with the media at Hajipur, 20 km north of Patna, late on Tuesday.In other remarks aired by TV channels, Singh could be seen poking fun at Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi."If the Congress was in power, if we weren't in power, and if Rahulji was the prime minister, and for some reason the prime minister would disappear for 43 to 47 days, then what would have happened?" they said."The whole budget session is over but where is Rahulji? This is similar to the disappearance of the Malaysian airliner which has still not been found. The Congress is the opposition party and its leader is not in the budget session, no one knows, the Congress leadership is not prepared to say where they are."Singh later expressed regret for their remarks. Their aides claimed the comments were "off the cuff and informal". They further claimed Singh had made it clear that their remarks were "off the record and not a part" of the media interaction.A journalist used their smartphone to film Singh's comments and this footage was later aired on television.The Congress quickly hit back, with senior party leader and former Union minister RPN Singh demanding that Prime Minister Narendra Modi publicly apologise for Singh's racist remark."Strongly condemn sexist & racist remarks made by minister Giriraj Singh referring to Smt Sonia Gandhi. Does the Prime Minister support him?" RPN Singh tweeted. The Congress leader said such "shocking comments are derogatory to not just the Congress President but all women".Ashok Choudhary, the president of the Bihar unit of Congress, said the Union minister's comment was "distasteful to the extreme" and only reflected the BJP's "anti-woman culture". They added, "It shows that they are mentally ill and politically bankrupt."Giriraj Singh has courted controversy with their comments in the past too.He embarrassed the BJP during last year's Lok Sabha polls by saying that those who opposed Narendra Modi should go to Pakistan as there was no place for them in India. Singh, who was earlier a minister in the Bihar government led by Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, made those remarks in the presence of senior BJP leader Nitin Gadkari during a rally.Singh was embroiled in another controversy in July last year, when the police and income tax department started a probe after Rs 1.14 crore was recovered from their home. After they became a Union minister, the probes were shelved.He won their spurs in the BJP with a strong pro-Modi stance at a time when the party's top rung was not backing Modi's candidature as prime miniser. The unflinching loyalty reportedly bagged Singh a ministerial berth despite reservations within the BJP.
First Published: Apr 01, 2015 13:24 IST
– ELON –
andcombined to throw the first no-hitter in CAA Tournament history, but the Elon University baseball team lost a 1-0 game to the College of Charleston Cougars in an elimination game on Thursday afternoon.Barrett (4-5) threw 4.2 innings before departing shortly after a rain delay. They gave up one run and walked two, while striking out a pair. Kirby threw 3.1 innings, walked one and fanned three.Elon (24-32) had seven hits in the game, including three fromBailey Ober (7-2) picked up the win after throwing 5.0 scoreless innings. They gave up four hits and struck out seven hitters. Nathan Ocker earned their fourth save by throwing the final 4.0 innings.The Cougars' (27-30) lone run was driven in by Bradley Dixon.With the game scoreless in the middle of the fifth, rain moved in and forced a delay of just over an hour and a half. Elon stuck with Barrett following the delay, but the senior was not as sharp as they had been as the Cougars loaded the bases with two walks and a hit batter with one out. A grounder at the bag at first was fielded bywho stepped on the bag and threw home, but the throw was just last as Erven Roper scored to make it 1-0.Elon looked like it may be in position to tie it in the top of the eighth when Satterfield led off with a double and moved to third on a fly out. With the contact play on, Satterfield took off on a ground ball to first, but the Cougars were able to throw home and eliminate the chance of the tying run scoring before getting a fly ball to left to end the inning and cling to the 1-0 edge.drew a walk on the 12th pitch of theirs at bat to lead off the Elon ninth, but advanced no further as the next three hitters were retired.The no-hitter was the second of the year for the Phoenix... Elon last threw a pair of no-hitters in 1979... Barrett became the sixth Elon pitcher to ever record 100 or more strikeouts in a season and the second this year... Their 100 Ks this year rate sixth on the program's single-season chart... Satterfield ended the year with 47 hits, the 10th-most by an Elon first-year student at the Division I level... Their 14 doubles tied for the second-most by an Elon first-year student at the Division I level... Elon fell to 5-8 in one-run games on the year, including a 2-6 mark in one-run contests against CAA opponents.
Cocooning, drawing loved ones close, was the first reaction to murder and terror. Staying in and getting a takeaway and texting everyone as we huddled over the horror. Did you do that? I did, until somehow life asserted itself again in its defiance. It was like finding a pulse again. “We must all go to Paris,” I found myself thinking. It really is as beautiful as we want it to be. These people are as cool as they think they are and, of course, it wasn't just me thinking this; a hashtag emerged – #JeSuisEnTerrace. And my heart leapt. #JeSuisEnTerrace. Smoking. They didn't say smoking. They don't need to.
Being outside eating, drinking, talking not of units and chia seeds but of life itself is where I want to be. In a city that stays out late and is full of alleyways and dark snugs, and people who tell you about what really matters. This is the fantasy of the city and if you come from a small town, as I did, you never lose it or want to.
That is the thing about Islamic State, or Daesh – please, this is their name – they want to destroy all the things that make great cities great. Difference lives in the big city. Deviance flourishes. Difficulty produces both edge and wonder. There is something so terribly suburban about the ambition of these murderers and mercenaries. Their mission to kill pleasure will always be thwarted by those who flock to London or Paris or Berlin to pursue it. Great cities are always impure, always impossible, and this is why everyone who wants to reinvent themselves goes to the biggest metropolis they can. To see and be seen. Self-creation is an energy. It is the very opposite of destruction.
And this, too, is why we must fight for our old dirty town in ways that are not just about “fighting terror”. Parts of London now are being systematically destroyed by property development. Am I equating property development with mass murder? No. But there is more than one way to kill certain ways of life. Gentrification is most often seen as a crisis of homelessness, of poverty, of pushing the undesirables out to the edge. It is that, of course. But it is also a concerted attempt to bring order to disordered places. It promises to replace danger with safety and that safety is always just another shopping mall. And flats. Retail cleansing.
This week I went to see Longing Lasts Longer, a show by Penny Arcade, the legendary New York performance artist. They spoke of many things, among them “gentrification of the mind”. As I was in Soho, it certainly resonated. What is left of Soho must be saved, but is it too late? If you don't stand up for sleaze and gay bars and the old dives they will be themed up before you know it. This is not about nostalgia. It has happened.
Gentrification means the world is now one giant flat white. Or a private members' club full of “creatives”. The freaks who used to trip around Soho and tell you in which particular basement you could find another necessary drink are an endangered species.
Still, though, London feasts on their legend as it flogs its wares, just as Paris still breathes the Gauloise kiss, the urban embrace. For here now is the conformity of the suburban soul that Ballard warned us would be the future if we did not understand it. The revenge of the suburban is an innate part of this gentrification. It's done to make our lives safer and easier. Thus Crossrail can destroy Paolozzi murals and knock down major music venues. We destroy our own history in the name of development.
Now that a developer (Derwent London) has bought the buildings around Hanway Street, many are worried about what they will do to this small warren of bars and jukeboxes and late night haunts, where you could share a Special Brew with an artiste of some unknowable kind, where there would be girls half your age and men twice it and you could stagger out into the dawn wondering what had happened to your makeup.
Maybe you didn't come to the city to find its hidden and dirty secrets – or your own. More fool you. Maybe you don't mind that so much of it is being pimped, that cranes are everywhere while people sleep in doorways. Maybe Soho is just a state of mind and few people care anymore, and I should just take up gardening or knitting and get with the programme.
But I can't, for everything I wanted to escape is closing in. This gentrification embodies a kind of puritanism that says nothing can be messy, dirty, undesigned. Because someone else owns it. This landgrab may not scare me as much as bombs, but scare me it does. What happened in Paris made me love Paris afresh, and then look at my own city anew. In truth, I won't be En Terrace; it's too cold. But to the left can you see that little black door? Knock on it and go up the stairs …
Surrounded by plainclothes police officers, Egyptian prominent blogger Alaa Abdel-Fattah, left, speaks to the crowd after attending, with their sister Sanaa, right, their father Ahmed Seif's funeral in Cairo, Egypt. Hassan Ammar/AP
By HAMZA HENDAWI, Associated Press
CAIRO (AP) — Egyptian activist Sanaa Seif decided they had had enough of Egypt's justice system.
When the 22-year-old was summoned for questioning on accusations of inciting protests, they refused to answer the investigating judge's questions. They told them they would not participate in the "charade" and said the courts and prosecutors all follow the will of the government.
Stunned and offended, the investigator didn't charge them with incitement; they charged them instead with insulting a government employee while performing their duties. Within days, Seif was tried, convicted and sentenced to six months in prison. They refused to attend the trial and then refused to appeal the verdict.
Protests in Egypt Heighten View All 46 Images
On May 14, they gave themselves up to authorities and is now serving their sentence in a prison outside Cairo.
"It's not an act of bravado. Being jailed is not easy and I know it," Seif wrote on their Facebook page before turning themselves in.
Them unusual protest reflects the deep frustration among Egypt's pro-democracy activists who led the 2011 uprising that ousted longtime autocrat Hosni Mubarak. Five years later, they say, the system has become entirely stacked against them under the government of President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi.
In the media, memories of the 2011 "revolution" have been silenced, replaced by what authorities call the 2013 "revolution," in which the military — led by el-Sissi — removed the first freely elected president, Islamist Mohammed Morsi, after massive protests against them and their Muslim Brotherhood. El-Sissi was elected president almost a year later, claiming a mandate to do whatever was needed to bring stability after years of turmoil.
A law issued in late 2013 virtually banned street protests and largely succeeded in suppressing demonstrations. Along with thousands of Islamists, many of the top secular activists have been jailed. Pro-government media have fanned public bitterness against the 2011 activists and critics of el-Sissi, depicting them, at best, as naive youth who cause chaos — or, at worst, as traitors intentionally trying to wreck the country.
El-Sissi insists the judiciary is independent and that its verdicts must not be criticized outside the courts. But whether following government pressure or its own devices, the judicial system has largely followed the lead of the security forces in the fierce crackdown on dissent.
Courts have issued heavy prison sentences against Islamists, secular activists and protesters, often with little evidence or due process, rights groups say. Prosecutors have vigorously applied vague charges like endangering security or stability, while turning a blind eye to police abuses ranging from torture and forced disappearances to long detentions without charge.
Seif's confrontation with their investigators "was the most honest thing anyone can ever say about Egypt's justice system," Wael Iskandar, a prominent political blogger and a Seif acquaintance, told The Associated Press.
Many activists are convinced the judiciary is beholden to el-Sissi's government. But rights lawyer Negad Borai noted that judges and prosecutors have their own interest in ensuring that Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood, now outlawed and branded a terrorist group, does not return to power and they believe the activists threaten stability.
"The judiciary, just like the middle class that supports el-Sissi, is filled with fear. Fear of the Brotherhood, fear of lack of security and fear of a repeat here of what's happened in Iraq and Syria," they said. "It feels that el-Sissi saved them from the Brotherhood," which judges feared intended to purge the judiciary and stack it with its supporters while in power.
Seif, a film editor who worked on "The Square," a 2013 Oscar-nominated documentary on the 2011 uprising, hails from Egypt's best known family of activists. Them father, Ahmed Seif al-Islam, who died in 2014, was a renowned human rights lawyer. Them mother, Leila Soueif, a mathematician, is a prominent advocate of academic independence.
Seif's older brother, Alaa Abdel-Fattah, is an iconic figure in Egypt's pro-democracy movement.  They are serving a five-year prison sentence for taking part in a 2013 demonstration. Mona, their sister, is an outspoken critic of el-Sissi's government. Them aunt, Ahdaf Soueif, is a novelist and rights advocate.
Seif had their first direct run-in with authorities in December 2011, when they took part in a sit-in protest against the appointment of a leading Mubarak-era politician as prime minister. They were detained for a day and beaten in the military's custody, said Soueif, their mother.
Seif raised a case against the army officer who beat her, backed by a medical report on their injuries. "But like always in these cases, it came to nothing," Soueif said.
Egypt Protests View All 25 Images
In 2014, Seif was sentenced to three years in prison for joining a demonstration against the protest law. After serving 15 months, they were among a number of activists freed in a pardon by el-Sissi last September.
Months later, on Jan. 25, when police had fanned out in the streets to prevent any demonstrations marking the anniversary of the 2011 uprising, Seif made a bold, solo protest, risking arrest: They walked alone to Tahrir Square retracing the steps of one of the biggest anti-Mubarak marches with a sign on their back reading, "It's still the January Revolution."
Seif described their confrontation with the investigator on their Facebook page.
"In the past, I took the 'justice system' seriously," they wrote, but they said they became disillusioned. They said one prosecutor in their 2014 case told them they didn't want to jail them but was under pressure to do so. A judge, they wrote, ignored them when they told them they were being held in so-called "protective custody," used by police to detain suspects without charge for lengthy periods.
Taher Abu el-Nasr, a lawyer who was present during Seif's questioning, confirmed their account to the AP. "She knew what they were saying and that they will pay the price," they said. "Her delivery was not violent, but not weak either. They were confident."
Rights lawyers say the justice system has been overwhelmed by the huge numbers of arrests since 2013 — as many as 40,000 by some accounts.
"The justice system has suffered a partial meltdown in the past 18 months," said Nasser Amin, a prominent rights lawyer and a member of the state's National Council for Human Rights, or NCHR.
"The Egyptian judicial system is carrying an unbearable load. It has become a partner in safeguarding security, not justice," they added.
Last month, 152 protesters, some of them randomly arrested, were convicted and sentenced to up to five years in prison for participating in demonstrations denouncing the government's decision to hand over control of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia. Last week, the sentences for 47 of them were overturned on appeal but they still face fines of about $10,000 each.
Ghada Shahbender, a human rights advocate and friend of Seif's, said some call their form of protest unorthodox and abnormal.
"But the truth is," they said, "Sanaa is unorthodox only because hypocrisy is the new orthodox in Egypt and abnormal because adulation of the general is now the only acceptable norm."
According to the Moscow Times,
The Communist Party of China has compelled its officials to watch a documentary about the Soviet Union's collapse to draw lessons on how not to govern, and to ensure that they remain disciplined amid economic reforms.
The film “has been shown at dozens of political meetings during the past few months” as part of a larger push to shore up party discipline during a period of economic reform, a process that carries significant political risks.
So what's the takeaway those party functionaries are supposed to glean? According to social scientist Yakov Berger:
Market reforms are one thing, and political reforms are a completely different thing.
So…”Just say no”? Now I'm curious to see the film. After all, it's not like the CPSU under Gorbachev set out in 1986 with a plan to allow free speech and multiparty democracy.
Glasnost' is now widely used as shorthand for sweeping political reform, a throwing open of the gates (or tearing down of the walls?) impeding civil liberties in authoritarian regimes. In fact, as Joseph Gibbs and others have argued, glasnost' actually got its start in the early 1980s as a limited blurring of the lines on permissible speech that was explicitly intended to work in service to the Communist Party's larger agenda of economic restructuring, or perestroika. By that time, some party leaders recognized that inefficiency was stifling the Soviet economy, that planners would need better information to combat these ills, and that many bureaucrats would try to resist any changes. Glasnost' was the solution those party leaders hit on. Under this new policy, citizens were allowed to speak more openly about certain aspects of their work or the economy in an effort to help ferret out the waste and corruption that was dragging the USSR down. In essence, glasnost' was a whip the party leadership could employ against its own bureaucracy in pursuit of greater efficiency. This was decidedly not freedom of speech, however, and it certainly did not entail any larger ideas about ending the Party's monopoly on power, an eventuality that many national party leaders bitterly contested until pretty late in the game.
Well, what happened? Unintended consequences, that's what. People responded strategically to these new developments and began to probe the openings glasnost' created. Like China, the USSR was a large country ostensibly governed by a massive and variegated political machine. Party officials at the local and regional and national level argued among themselves about how to respond to attempts to probe the limits of glasnost', and the results of those arguments varied. Those variations suggested further openings that reformists and activists then explored further, a process that led eventually but hardly directly to wider political change.
Chinese officials seem to believe, or at least to hope, that they can avoid this path by responding firmly to attempts to convert economic reforms into political challenges, by sharply distinguishing between the two and only doing the one. Maybe they're right, but I don't think so. It's worth recalling that the Soviets sometimes tried to draw clear lines, too—in Tbilisi in April 1989, for example—but those harsh responses didn't always have the desired effect.
So, yes, market reforms are one thing and political change another, but my summation of the Soviet experience would be a bit different. As I see it, reform of any significant scope or scale is a process that you can try to guide, but it is not something that you can control. Have fun trying to ride the tiger, President Xi.
N.B. This is a slightly edited version of a post that I wrote on Tumbling Chimp yesterday morning.
Advertisements
Starting Monday, a team of parking cops will “reluctantly” roam the city with specific instructions to ticket illegally parked police vehicles and officers' personal cars.
The initiative ordered last month by Mayor de Blasio will consist of eight sergeants, eight officers and a rotating cast of traffic agents.
Their job will be to ticket parking placard-abusing employees of all city agencies.
They'll focus on illegally parked NYPD vehicles, and on private cars with department-issued parking placards.
Ticket-worthy offenses will include double-parking and parking on a sidewalk or at a fire hydrant, crosswalk or bus stop. Police cars on official business will get some leeway, a law-enforcement source said.
But team members are chafing at having to ticket fellow officers, who, for as long as anyone can remember, have been able to put a city parking placard in their civilian-car windshield and park pretty much anywhere with impunity.
“These guys are not liking that they have to go out and write summonses on department vehicles,” a source told The Post. “All this is going to do is cause bad blood and issues with morale.”
Starting a new project is always exciting. You spec out the features, start writing your tests, and implement your code. But then somewhere along the way, it starts to become a drag. You start to have so many models, and so many views, and so much logic to implement that you don't even know where to put them. Or more realistically, you've lost track of where you've put them.
Is there a better way?
Yes! Service objects to the rescue!
What are service objects?
Simply put, service objects are where you put your business logic.
Let's say you're building a booking system. When a customer makes a booking, the app should create a new customer or get an existing one, it should create a booking in the database, and then send a verification email. When the email is verified, the app should update the status of the booking, and notify the admin. Finally, when the admin approves the booking, the app should update the status of the booking, create an invoice, and send it to the customer.
All of that logic should live in service objects.
Enough talk. Let's code!
So what does a service object look like?
Like this:
# apps/booking/services.py from django import forms from .models import Booking , Customer from .notifications import VerifyEmailNotification from some_project.services import Service class CreateBooking ( Service ): name = forms . CharField () email = forms . EmailField () checkin_date = forms . DateField () checkout_date = forms . DateField () def process ( self ): name = self . cleaned_data [ 'name' ] email = self . cleaned_data [ 'email' ] checkin_date = self . cleaned_data [ 'checkin_date' ] checkout_date = self . cleaned_data [ 'checkout_date' ] # Update or create a customer customer = Customer . objects . update_or_create ( email = email , defaults = { 'name' : name } ) # Create booking booking = Booking . objects . create ( customer = customer , checkin_date = checkin_date , checkout_date = checkout_date , status = Booking . PENDING_VERIFICATION , ) # Send verification email (check out django-herald) VerifyEmailNotification ( booking ) . send () return booking
Service objects inherit from Service (implementation below) and it has a similar API to Django Forms. That's because Service actually inherits from forms.Form . The only difference you have to implement a process method where you put your business logic.
Here I wrote CreateBooking service that does three things.
Updates or creates a Customer Creates a Booking Sends a verification email
OK. Interesting. How do you use it?
Just call execute on the class, passing in a dict of parameters, just like Forms.
from datetime import date from apps.booking.services import CreateBooking booking = CreateBooking . execute ({ 'name' : 'Mitchel Cabuloy' , 'email' : [email protected]' , 'checkin_date' : date ( 2017 , 8 , 12 ), 'checkout_date' : date ( 2017 , 8 , 15 ), })
And your process method executes and returns the booking.
Here's the base class' definition so you can understand a bit more how it works:
# some_project/services.py from django import forms from django.db import transaction from .errors import InvalidInputsError class Service ( forms . Form ): def service_clean ( self ): if not self . is_valid (): raise InvalidInputsError ( self . errors , self . non_field_errrors ()) @classmethod def execute ( cls , inputs , files = None , ** kwargs ): instance = cls ( inputs , files , ** kwargs ) instance . service_clean () with transaction . atomic (): return instance . process () def process ( self ): raise NotImplementedError ()
The base Service class' execute method makes sure that process runs inside a transaction and it also validates the inputs and raises an exception if it's invalid.
# some_project/errors.py class InvalidInputsError ( Exception ): def __init__ ( self , errors , non_field_errors ): self . errors = errors self . non_field_errors = non_field_errors def __str__ ( self ): return ( f '{repr(self.errors)} ' f '{repr(self.non_field_errors)}' )
InvalidInputsError is raised when you try to execute a service but the inputs are invalid. You can access the invalid fields in the errors attribute. It also prints out the invalid fields for easier debugging.
Huh.
Cool right? There's more.
Let's say there are some instances where email verification isn't required so we want to disable it. You do it like this:
class CreateBooking ( Service ): # ...fields def __init__ ( self , * args , require_verification = True ): self . require_verification = require_verification super () . __init__ ( self , * args ) def process ( self ): # ...previous code cut for brevity if self . require_verification : booking . status = Booking . PENDING_VERIFICATION booking . save () VerifyEmailNotification ( booking ) . send () return booking
We just added a requirement_verification keyword argument to the constructor. And here's how to use it:
booking = CreateBooking . execute ({ 'name' : 'Mitchel Cabuloy' , 'email' : [email protected]' , 'checkin_date' : date ( 2017 , 8 , 12 ), 'checkout_date' : date ( 2017 , 8 , 15 ), }, require_verification = False )
Really simple.
But why?
Using services objects has a number of advantages:
Decoupled from presentation logic
Now that your business logic is in its own class, you can call it from anywhere. From regular Django views, JSON endpoints, management commands, RQ tasks, Django admin, etc. Your business logic is no longer bound to your views or models.
Easily testable and mockable
Since service objects are just objects, you can easily call them from your tests to verify their behavior. Similarly, if you're testing your view or endpoint, you can easily mock out the service objects.
Input validation
Your code will become a lot more concise now that you don't have to manually check whether or not a parameter is valid. If you need to know why your inputs failed validation, just catch InvalidInputsError and access the errors or non_field_errors dictionary. Better yet, raise a custom exception from your service object.
But fat models…
I tried fat models, but the models just ended up doing too many things. Plus it wasn't very clear which model a method belongs to if it operated on two different models. (Should Booking have created_booking or should Customer )? Nowadays I prefer that my models stay lean and side-effect free.
Some gotcha's
Since service objects are built on top of Forms, there are a couple of quirky things.
Models as arguments
You can't just pass in a model instance. Instead of you have to pass in the ID.
class ApproveBooking ( Service ): booking = forms . ModelChoiceField ( queryset = Booking . objects . all ()) def process ( self ): # A Booking instance booking = self . cleaned_data [ 'booking' ] booking . approve () booking . save () return booking some_booking = Booking . objects . get () # Pass in 'some_booking.pk' ApproveBooking . execute ({ 'booking' : some_booking . pk })
List of objects as arguments
Since Forms have no ability to receive a list of objects as an input, I had to write a custom form field for that.
class MultipleFormField ( forms . Field ): """ A field that contains many forms, similar to a FormSet but easier to clean """ def __init__ ( self , form_class , min_count = 1 , max_count = None , * args , ** kwargs ): super () . __init__ ( * args , ** kwargs ) self . form_class = form_class self . min_count = min_count self . max_count = max_count def clean ( self , values ): if len ( values ) < self . min_count : raise ValidationError ( 'There needs to be at least ' f '{self.min_count} item/s.' ) if self . max_count and len ( values ) > self . max_count : raise ValidationError ( 'There needs to be at most ' f '{self.max_count} item/s.' ) item_forms = [] for index , item in enumerate ( values ): item_form = self . form_class ( item ) if not item_form . is_valid (): raise ValidationError ( f '[{index}]: {repr(item_form.errors)}' ) item_forms . append ( item_form ) return item_forms
And to use
class PersonForm ( forms . Form ): name = forms . CharField () class UpdateOrganization ( Service ): organization = forms . ModelChoiceField ( queryset = Organization . objects . all ()) people = MultipleFormField ( PersonForm ) def process ( self ): organization = self . cleaned_data [ 'organization' ] people = self . cleaned_data [ 'people' ] # `people` is a list of Form objects for person in people : organization . people . add ( Person ( name = person . cleaned_data [ 'name' ])) organization . save () org = Organization . objects . get () UpdateOrganization . execute ({ 'organization' : org , 'people' : [{ 'name' : 'Mitchel Cabuloy' , }, { 'name' : 'Amanda Lim' , }], })
Conclusion
Projects get complicated fast, and just putting your business logic in views and models will leave you in a world of hurt. Service objects help by decoupling your business logic from your presentation logic making it easier to test plus have the bonus of input validation.
For now I'll leave you with a gist with everything you need, but I'm planning to release a library soon so you can just import Service .
UPDATE: Here's the library version!
🍻
Open source software packages like WordPress and Firefox have been major influences on modern computing. In statistics, open source software known as “R” has become the most popular environment for statistical computation and data analysis. A recent paper in PNAS studied the developers who make this software so successful to understand what motivates them and why they find contributing satisfying.
The study's authors collected data from approximately a thousand R contributors who responded to a questionnaire distributed via e-mail. The respondents were asked about what drove them to participate in the project, with possible answers including taking pleasure in applying their skills and feeling a sense of responsibility toward the scientific community. They were also asked about extrinsic motivators, such as the potential that their work could help with academic advancement. Additionally, the surveys included questions about the characteristics of the software development work (e.g. repetitive, technical, social) and the demographics of participants.
The researchers hypothesized that developers of open source software enjoy being able to set their own pace and are motivated by altruism, rather than any aspirations of power associated with the work.
The survey data was analyzed using a regression analysis. Results showed that developers who experienced both internal and external motivations contributed more to the project. The researchers speculate that variability in the effectiveness of extrinsic motivators for the developers may be due to the academic nature of the project.
In terms of work characteristics, developers whose work had a social element were more likely to continue contributing to the project—for example, developers working on collaborative parts of the project were more likely to continue contributing than those who worked completely alone. Additionally, the data showed that open source projects tend to promote a high degree of social dependency among participants, as participants tend to rely heavily on each other to keep the work progressing.
As a result, there's a bit of a feedback loop. The project itself made the developers socially dependent on each other, and that novel social network increased the likelihood that they would continue to work on the project. Conversely, when a contributor's work was focused solely on software development, participants were less involved and less likely to engage in further development.
To ensure that there were no confounding factors, the researchers also analyzed the demographic characteristics of the software developers. They found that full-time employment (particularly in a field relevant to statistics) was associated with increased participation in R development. The authors think this suggests that participation in the project may be related to work that developers are doing for their employers. Finally, the data showed that academic background had no bearing on participation.
Though the authors think this is the first empirical study to examine the developers of the R statistical package, these findings probably confirm our expectations. It's intuitive that people who participate in open source projects tend to do so because they get a sense of personal fulfillment from the project, enjoy the self-directed nature of the work, and find the social environment of the project to be enjoyable. After all, this work is uncompensated and cuts into leisure time.
These findings are in line with current thoughts on paid employment, which suggest that you can maximize workplace productivity by giving employees a positive environment and lots of agencies. It's always great to have solid data to support those ideas.
PNAS, 2015. DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1506047112 (About DOIs).
Boo: The Cutest Dog in the World
NOTE: When this post was written in 2011, our favorite dog Boo hit one million fans on Facebook. Now, five years later, Boo has over 17 million fans.
I am very excited to announce that Chronicle is coming out with Boo's debut book this fall! Told in Boo's own words, it's about their life as a little dog in a big world.
I discovered Boo after a friend posted the below picture on Facebook. I was instantly enamored. When I pitched the idea of a Boo book to our publishing group, everyone got really excited. At the time Boo had 60,000 fans, and we knew they were on the verge of blowing up.
So Boo scored a book deal! It was a pleasure to work with Boo on this project. It took a whole team to style the various photo shoots, featuring Boo in all kinds of fun situations.
Here's an exclusive sneak peek from the book: Boo playing camouflage.
Check out Boo's Facebook page to see more cute photos and videos, and become a fan of our favorite dog.
Now go get your copy of Boo: The Life of the World's Cutest Dog here! You'll also like the following: Boo ABC, Boo Paper Doll Set, and Boo: Little Dog in the Big City.
Recommended
Taipei, Nov. 25 (CNA) Rice that has been grown to the strains of classical music by such maestros as Beethoven and Mozart over the past four months in eastern Taiwan was harvested Tuesday.
The "rice listening to the music" program, initiated by Poca A Poca Music Education Foundation, started in July, with a giant "rice music box" set up by the side of the famous Mr. Brown boulevard in Taitung's Chihshang Township.
Every day, music by Mozart, Beethoven and Tchaikovsky was played to "nourish the rice" in the township, which is famous for its namesake rice.
The foundation then invited the children of Wan'an Elementary School to join farmers in harvesting the crop.
One farmer said they originally thought the rice, like himself, could only appreciate songs by famous Taiwanese singers such as Chris Hung and Jody Chiang, but after more than 100 days of listening to the maestros, they said proudly that "I now also know Beethoven."
The rice, harvested from a 3.2-hectare paddy, has been packed into 7,000 bags that will be auctioned off, with the proceeds going toward the promotion of classical music in remote areas.
According to the foundation, playing classical music to rice is like letting unborn children listen to Mozart or playing music to dairy cows.
Athough the effects on the rice are unknown, the project has created an environment of musical culture.
"We don't need to dress up in suits and ties and go to the National Concert Hall to appreciate classical music. We can also put sound systems beside rice fields and enjoy the music while watching the dancing ears of rice," said You Chao-ming, chairperson of the foundation.
(By Tyson Lu and Lilian Wu)
ENDITEM/J
* Hadi supporters, Houthi fighters in heavy clashes in Taiz
* Food and medical supplies grow more scarce
* Houthis block aid to Aden, Saudis hold up ships (Adds details on fuel, food and hospitals from UN statements)
By Mohammed Mukhashaf
ADEN, April 27 (Reuters) - The humanitarian situation in Yemen has become catastrophic, relief officials said on Monday, as Saudi-led aircraft pounded Iran-allied Houthi militiamen and rebel army units for a second day, dashing hopes for a pause in fighting to let aid in.
Residents said warplanes flew between 15 and 20 sorties against groups of Houthi fighters and arms depots in the al-Dhalea provincial capital, Dhalea, and the nearby city of Qa'ataba, between dawn and 0900 local time (0600 GMT), setting off a chain of explosions that lasted for two more hours.
Fighting intensified on Sunday, after a lull following an announcement by Riyadh last week that it was ending its nearly five-week-old bombing campaign except in places where the Houthis were advancing, to allow access for food and medicine.
A coalition of Arab countries led by Saudi Arabia, rattled by what they saw as expanding Iranian influence in the Arabian Peninsula, is trying to stop Houthi fighters and loyalists of former President Ali Abdullah Salah taking control of Yemen.
But the air campaign has had little success and vital aid was reported to be being held up by both sides. Houthis were stopping convoys of trucks reaching the southern port city of Aden and an arms blockade by Saudi-led coalition navies searching ships for weapons was holding up food deliveries by sea.
“It was difficult enough before, but now there are just no words for how bad it's gotten,” said International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) spokesperson Marie Claire Feghali. “It's a catastrophe, a humanitarian catastrophe.”
Yemeni Human Rights Minister Izzedine al-Asbahi agreed.
“The war and its results have turned Yemen back 100 years, due to the destruction of infrastructure ... especially in the provinces of Aden, Dhalea and Taiz,” they told a news conference in the Saudi capital Riyadh.
Telecommunications within Yemen and with the outside world could be cut within days due to a shortage of fuel, state-run news agency Saba quoted the director of telecommunications as saying. Fuel shortages were also preventing traders from moving food to market, the United Nations' World Food Programme said.
Fuel prices were as much as $10 per liter ($37.85 a gallon), and there was only enough to keep hospitals running for one more week and to prolong life-saving humanitarian operations for two weeks, the U.N. humanitarian agency OCHA said.
A commercial oil tanker has been waiting outside Yemeni waters since April 21 for clearance to dock, the U.N. said.
“NOBODY'S LEFT BUT THIEVES”
Saudi-led warplanes also struck the area around the presidential compound in Sanaa for a second day, while heavy street fighting was under way in the strategic city of Taiz in central Yemen, according to residents and the ICRC. There were no immediate reports on the extent of casualties.
The U.N. said mortar fire had reportedly been directed at a hospital in Taiz, where ambulances and mobile clinics were looted on April 25.
Hisham Abdul Wahab, a resident of a Sanaa district hit by a big blast last week, said they had tried but failed to stay on.
“Some people began returning to the neighbourhood, but the strikes began again and now they're leaving a second time. The place is devastated: there are no roads, no water and no electricity. Nobody's left but thieves,” they said.
Fighting has killed more than 1,000 people, including an estimated 551 civilians since the bombings started on March 26, the United Nations said on Friday. Its children's agency UNICEF said at least 115 children were among the dead.
In Aden, a Saudi airstrike on a building where Houthi snipers had been based killed at least two civilians and wounded two others, residents and a local official said.
Medical sources and residents also said that Houthi fighters stormed into Aden's al-Jumhouriyah hospital, the largest in the city, and that many patients fled the compound, apparently fearing it may be targeted by Saudi-led warplanes.
Saudi Arabia, the world's top oil exporter and arch Sunni Muslim regional rival of Shi'ite Muslim Iran, says it was concerned for its own security and Yemen's stability after Shi'ite Houthi forces captured the capital and began advancing across the country, on its southern border, in September.
The air strikes have increased the regional tension, with the commander of Iran's elite Revolutionary Guards, General Mohammad Ali Jafari, comparing Saudi Arabia to Tehran's arch-enemy, Israel.
The Houthis allege President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi fostered Islamist militants linked to al Qaeda and corrupt officials. Hadi, who fought al Qaeda before fleeing the Houthi advance, says the Islamist militant group is as much a threat to Yemen as it had always been.
Riyadh says it wants to restore Hadi, now in exile in Saudi Arabia, and prevent Yemen disintegrating, with al Qaeda militants thriving in the chaos and one of the world's busiest oil shipping lanes off the Yemeni coast at risk.
The fighting, which pits the Houthis against Sunni tribesmen and Islamist militants, with army units on both sides, has made life increasingly perilous for the country's 25 million people, who rely on imports for more than 90 percent of their food.
CONVOYS BLOCKED
Residents said bread was in short supply in Aden and a convoy of trucks carrying flour from the Red Sea port of Hodeida was being prevented by the Houthis from entering the city.
The U.N. said three ships, one carrying 13,500 tonnes of rice, were awaiting clearance at Hodeida, and six more carrying fuel, corn, vegetable oil, unrefined sugar, steel and timber were awaiting clearance from the coalition to dock at the nearby Salifa port.
Retail prices for wheat and flour have risen by more than 40 percent since February, while medicine prices have risen by more than 300 percent, the U.N. said.
The Houthis also blocked a convoy of ICRC trucks carrying medical supplies to Aden, but contacts were underway to allow the supplies in.
“Our convoys were blocked from going to Aden and Marib over the weekend and we are in discussions with the Houthis to resolve that,” another ICRC spokesperson, Sitara Jabeen, said.
Residents said there were at least five air raids on areas under Houthi control in Marib and al-Jouf in northern Yemen and heavy clashes continued in Taiz, where armed Sunni tribesmen and Islamist fighters have taken back several districts from the Houthis in heavy fighting, according to residents there.
Residents said street battles were raging in the city of some three million, with both sides using tanks and artillery in residential areas. “The heaviest street fighting is taking place in Taiz. Airstrikes also continued in Aden,” Jabeen said. (Additional reporting by Mohammed Ghobari in Cairo and Angus McDowall in Riyadh and Noah Browning in Dubai and Tom Miles in Geneva, writing by Sami Aboudi; editing by William Maclean, Philippa Fletcher and Cynthia Osterman)
"Cube 2" redirects here. For the video game, see Cube 2: Sauerbraten . For the digital audio player, see Cube2
Cube 2: Hypercube (stylized as Cube2: Hypercube in the film) is a 2002 Canadian independent science fiction horror film, directed by Andrzej Sekuła, written by Sean Hood, and produced by Ernie Barbarash, Peter Block, and Suzanne Colvin. It is the second film in the Cube film series, and a sequel to Cube.
Released in 2002, in Hypercube, the industrial-style, colored rooms of the first film are replaced with high-tech, brightly lit chambers; instead of traps such as flamethrowers and extending spikes, the rooms have "evolved", as they control illusions, time, space, and reality.
The film's critical reception was mixed, with reviewers panning the sequel's poorly-produced CGI, writing, and production, but praising its evolution upon the first film, and its acting and suspense.
Plot [ edit ]
The film starts with a young woman named Becky (Greer Kent), shown to be trapped in the Cube. They enter another room, but unknown to her, the room has reversed gravity, as they are pulled up, and it is implied that they are killed.
Some time later, a woman named Kate (Kari Matchett), detective Simon (Geraint Wyn Davies), a blind girl named Sasha (Grace Lynn Kung), engineer Jerry (Neil Crone), game developer Max (Matthew Ferguson), lawyer Julia (Lindsey Connell), and an elderly woman named Mrs. Paley (Barbara Gordon) find themselves trapped in brightly lit cubes, each with a panel on each of the six sides, which are doors to other rooms. They come across Colonel Thomas Maguire (Bruce Gray), who says that they have to solve the code in order to leave the mysterious place. Just as they finish, a wall begins to close in on the group. The group escapes while Thomas stays behind, while Kate and Simon watch in horror as Thomas is disintegrated by the wall. Later experiences around the cube reveal that gravity can operate in different directions in each room, while Mrs. Paley, who is revealed to be a retired theoretical mathematician, and Jerry, realize that they may be in a tesseract, or a hypercube. Kate notices the numbers "60659" everywhere they go.
The group soon realizes they are connected to Izon, a defense contractor. While in conversation, Mrs. Paley opens a panel to reveal them being killed by Simon, who is decapitated soon after by crystal beams. Jerry thinks that it is a parallel universe, while Max and Julia think it is an optical illusion. Later, while the group is sleeping, Simon explains to Jerry that they are in the tesseract to look for Becky, a missing Izon worker. Meanwhile, Sasha hears a noise and awakens everyone, due to their acute hearing. The group finds a floating square in the middle of the room, which grows into shifting variations of a tesseract, before expanding into a lethal and rapidly spinning frame. The group flees into another room, but Jerry is injured by the tesseract. Trying to call Jerry, the rest of the group watches as Jerry is shredded by the tesseract, which grows rapidly. Kate remains to save Sasha, who is still trapped in the room, narrowly avoiding death as they group in one of the corners of the room where the tesseract can not reach, as the tesseract conforms back to a cube and disappears. Sasha and Kate are separated from the group, as a result.
Simon starts to suspect that Mrs. Paley is an undercover spy, so they gag and ties their up, but crystal beams start protruding from the walls. Simon tries to save Mrs. Paley, but when they see that there is not enough time, as the clinging Mrs. Paley refuses to release him, they stab them with their knife. Max and Julia, disturbed that Simon killed Mrs. Paley, leave and abandon him. Julia tells Max they must be dreaming, and then kisses him, because they say they would never kiss them in the real world. They begin to have sex, but unbeknownst to them, they are in a room that is zero-gravity and time dilated, and age prematurely and die, as Kate finds the corpses floating in the air later, still in mid-coitus. Simon, alone and hungry, goes insane. They encounter a parallel Jerry and the missing Becky, killing both of them.
Meanwhile, Kate finds grisly alternate realities of their death in other rooms, and is horrified. Sasha tells Kate that time and space are distorted where they are, that the tesseract will implode and reality is collapsing. They reveal that they are Alex Trusk, a computer hacker who is responsible for the creation of the tesseract. They also reveal that when they discovered that Izon was putting people inside the tesseract, they tried to stop their operation, but was pursued so they "fled into the only place they wouldn't follow": the tesseract. Kate, however, still believes that there is a way out. Kate then finds Simon and stabs them in the eye after they grab them in another room, as Simon appears behind Alex, old and blind in one eye, proving Alex's space-time theory. Alex claims that they "are all dead", which causes Simon to snap their neck, believing that if they are all dead that it would not really matter if they kill them now.
Kate finds that the tesseract is shrinking, and kills Simon with the knife. They look at the numerous duplicates of Jerry's watch and realizes that "60659" is the time that the tesseract will implode; 6:06:59. and that they are there to take back Alex's necklace which was filled with confidential information on Izon. The hypercube starts to wear away, and Kate opens a panel in the bottom, revealing a black void. At 6:06:59, they jump in just when the Hypercube implodes.
Kate wakes up in the hands of Izon authorities in an unknown factory. They give them the necklace, but because of their confidentiality, they are shot in the head and killed by one of the Izon operatives. An Izon authority reports to an anonymous and unidentified source that "Phase 2 is terminated", as the operatives leave the facility, and the film ends.
Cast [ edit ]
Kari Matchett as Kate Filmore, who is a psychotherapist.  They are portrayed as the most empathetic character in the group.
Geraint Wyn Davies as Simon Grady, a private detective hired to locate a young woman named Becky Young who is missing.
Grace Lynn Kung as Sasha / Alex Trusk, a blind teenager and a professional computer hacker.
Neil Crone as Jerry Whitehall, an engineer who worked on the hypercube's touch panels for the doors.  They are shown to have an understanding of Quantum physics.
Matthew Ferguson as Max Riesler, a computer hacker and game developer.
Lindsey Connell as Julia Sewell, an LA defense lawyer representing Izon.
Greer Kent as Becky Young, a missing young Izon worker whose parents hired Simon Grady to find them
Bruce Gray as Colonel Thomas H. Maguire, a man who is intimately linked with at least the first Cube.
Barbara Gordon as Mrs. Paley, a retired theoretical mathematician who worked for Izon.
Andrew Scorer as Dr. Phil Rosenzweig, a Nobel Prize nominee, former colleague of Mrs. Paley, and former employee of Izon.
Paul Robbins as Tracton.
Philip Akin as The General.
Alternate ending [ edit ]
The longer alternate ending included in the special features on the DVD reveals the "owners" to be the government; in the shorter version it is unclear who they are, but it is assumed they are Izon. Kate is executed in both versions, but they are praised for being the first operative to make it out alive. In the alternate ending it is revealed to Kate that they were in the Hypercube for just six minutes and fifty-nine seconds. It was an experiment used for quantum teleportation.
Original screenplay [ edit ]
The original screenplay written by Sean Hood, which was subsequently rewritten by producer Ernie Barbarash, had a substantially different plot, theme, and characterizations, as well as a set of over 70 production illustrations, which visualized quite different traps, environments and four-dimensional concepts.[1]
Reception [ edit ]
Cube 2: Hypercube holds a rating of 45% on Rotten Tomatoes.[2] Reviews are mixed, with Sci-Fi Movie Page and Film Threat giving positive ratings for the movie,[3][4] and sites such as JoBlo.com and DVD Verdict panning it.[5][6] EfilmCritic.com wrote that "while the acting isn't quite top-shelf, the cast is still serviceable enough to carry the increasing claustrophobia and confusion that sets in, and they're all quite likable in their own B movie way."[7]
Bloody Disgusting wrote, "With pacing that's snail-like slow at times mixed with the horrid FX and lack of unique kill scenes, the film falls way short of my expectations, especially after waiting six years! But if you are a big fan of the first Cube, and expect a little less, you will enjoy Cube 2: Hypercube."[8]
See also [ edit ]
Simulated reality
QBism — a controversial application of Bayesian probabilities to quantum mechanics
Montreal has added another major player to its roster of companies investing in artificial intelligence research.
Samsung confirmed Monday it has opened a lab at the Université de Montréal.
The laboratory, which has been open since August, is a collaboration with Yoshua Bengio, a computer science professor at the university and an AI researcher.
It will focus on developing core algorithms for use in robotics, autonomous driving, translations, and voice and visual recognition.
In an interview, Bengio said the collaboration with Samsung dates back to 2014, but there will now be a larger research team.
"It's another signal that Montreal is becoming a hub for artificial intelligence, not just at the university level but at the industry level," they said.
"I think there will probably be more announcements to come."
Facebook, Google and Microsoft have also recently established AI research teams in the city.
Greetings blasters and casters!
February turned into the unofficial Arcanist Handbook month with new archetypes for bards, sorcerers, warlocks, and wizards. Last week we wrapped up the last class that still had new archetypes incoming and so it's time to revise and compile them all into the Complete Arcanist Handbook! If you are using any of the archetypes in your home campaign, please use this document as it contains revisions (mostly writing errors) not in the original posts.
This month the featured classes each got 2 new archetypes. For Bards, the College of Fortune adds some double-or-nothing odds to their Inspiration Dice while the College of Two Courts is for those aligned with or touched by the fey. For Sorcerers, the Greenheart provides an option for those whose arcane power comes from their connection with the natural world while the Spiritualist's power comes from a near death experience that left them bonded with a pathos infused phantom companion. For Warlocks, the Cosmic Machine stretches the Warlock player's options into the realm of science fantasy and the Crone allows you to play on old fairy tales and the folklore of witches. Finally, for Wizards the Grey Guild gives them a shadow organization whose existence consumes them so much they are dedicated to its secrecy rather than a school of magic and the Three Spirit Adept learns to unlock the inherent mystical potential of their familiars.
the Complete Arcanist Handbook
Patreon backers got two additional archetypes in the last month and I have even more in store for them in the coming month. For Patreon backers pledging $1 or more a month they got the Starsigned sorcerous origin for Sorcerers whose power was destined from the day they were born and the College of Mourning for Bards whose art has an unnatural control over the dead – one they abuse or honor at their own predilection.
Get the Starsigned and College of Mourning by pledging here!
Finally, last announcement, to celebrate the release of Curse of Strahd the entire month or March will be dedicated to horror themed content. With the Complete ________ Handbook series temporarily completed, look forward to new races, feats, spells, backgrounds, and more!
Ohh dear. A teacher in Montreal has been suspended after giving their eighth graders a multiple-choice test with sexually explicit questions like whether or not "blacks have bigger penises" for a morals and ethics class. How meta of her?
I mean, maybe the test — which "included questions about anal sex, lesbian encounters and penis sizes" — was the test, y'know? Like was the test itself moral? Intriguing.
Or maybe the kids needed some gritty, no-nonsense (well, some nonsense) sex talk. As the Canadian news media reports, they aren't getting any of that in school otherwise:
Two sexologists contacted by QMI were split about the value of the test. Julie Pelletier, a Quebec psychotherapist and sex columnist, said the quiz was "inappropriate for the students of that age group." They say the elimination of sex-ed courses in Quebec has led to teachers taking their own, sometimes ill-advised, initiatives. But sexologist Jocelyn Robert had a different view. They say the teacher has been convicted prematurely and was only telling teens about sexual issues they're already seeing on the internet and talking about in the schoolyard. They say that sexual practices like sodomy and fellatio are not foreign to 13-year-olds. "It's there, it's not anecdotal, it's very known to young people," they told QMI. "They see it wall to wall on the internet. If we don't talk about it, we're sort of putting our heads in the sand."
Oh good. All sex ed eliminated. Terrific.
[via BullFightsOnAcid, photo via Shutterstock]
ROUND 20 saw a number of this season's emerging talents stamp themselves on the competition and underline why they deserve to be discussed as All Australian contenders.
West Coast defender Brad Sheppard, who is named in a back pocket, has not been a regular in the Team of the Week, brought to you by Accor Hotels, but their consistency could see them named in the All Australian squad next month.
Adelaide defender Rory Laird, who has been one of the Crows' most reliable players in 2015, is in the same boat and has been named this week on a half-back flank.
Bulldogs midfielder Luke Dahlhaus also demanded selection this week, and if it misses out in the All Australian squad they should still be in the running for the Bulldogs' best and fairest.
BRAD SHEPPARD (West Coast) - Rolled through multiple opponents and dropped off often, but was excellent in a backline that kept Fremantle to 11 goals. Has enjoyed a superb year and should be in the running for selection in the 40-man All Australian squad.
ALEX RANCE (Richmond) - Had the better of Gold Coast's Charlie Dixon, keeping them to six possessions, two marks and one goal. Rance themselves had 24 possessions, nine marks and four rebound 50s.
COREY ENRIGHT (Geelong) - Hawthorn's small forwards did the damage but it was no fault of Enright, who was among the Cats' best with 28 possessions and 10 marks. Their presence meant the Hawks had to work hard for their goals.
RORY LAIRD (Adelaide) - The defender's consistent season, which could be rewarded with All Australian honours, continued against the Bombers. They racked up 31 possessions and a game-high eight rebound 50s.
STEVEN MAY (Gold Coast) - Added Jack Riewoldt to their list of scalps on the weekend, keeping the Tigers star to two goals, the second of which came off the ground in the final minutes of the game. May had 18 possessions, eight rebound 50s and six spoils.
GRANT BIRCHALL (Hawthorn) - For a rebounding defender, Birchall did the majority of their damage in the front half, racking up six inside 50s and 25 possessions. Took nine marks and used the ball with typical precision.
DUSTIN MARTIN (Richmond) - Best on ground in the Tigers' big win over Gold Coast, racking up 29 possessions, six clearances and three goals. Could be squeezed to half-forward but deserves recognition as one of the round's best midfielders.
JOSH KENNEDY (Sydney Swans) - Dominated the stoppages against Collingwood, racking up an enormous 14 clearances. As usual won their possessions in the contest and finished with 35 possessions and a goal.
PATRICK DANGERFIELD (Adelaide)- The star Crow is making a charge for the Brownlow Medal on the back of performances like this, racking up 27 possessions, nine inside 50s and three goals, including a vintage running goal out of the centre.
LUKE DAHLHAUS (Western Bulldogs) - In the mix for the Bulldogs' best and fairest and continuing to grow as a genuine midfielder. Their on-ball ability was on display against Melbourne with 32 possessions, seven inside 50s and a goal.
TOM LYNCH (Adelaide) - Used their massive work rate to work up and back down the ground, taking 10 marks. Was good for the brief period when the game was tight and finished with two goals.
LUKE HODGE (Hawthorn)- Started forward against the Cats and did their best work there, kicking four goals and racking up 24 possessions and five inside 50s. Their drilled goal from the boundary was a highlight.
CYRIL RIOLI (Hawthorn)- Could hardly have been more effective, kicking 6.0 from 10 kicks. They were masterful out of stoppages and kicked the last two goals of the game to put the exclamation mark on an important win.
Cyril Rioli slots another, but how about Sam Mitchell escaping from the tackle! #AFLCatsHawks http://t.co/h5O4ubs0Wx — AFL (@AFL) August 15, 2015
DREW PETRIE (North Melbourne) - Their four goals were the highest of the round for a key forward. They took big contested marks when the game was tight and converted their set shots to finish with 4.1 and eight marks.
EDDIE BETTS (Adelaide)- Another small forward who didn't waste a chance, kicking 5.0 from 10 kicks. Their set-shot from deep in the pocket with a gun-barrel straight drop punt was magnificent.
Eddie's fifth goal is the Betts of the bunch! #AFLDonsCrows http://t.co/SaFerWQ5R1 — AFL (@AFL) August 15, 2015
SAM JACOBS (Adelaide) - Gets the nod this week ahead of Aaron Sandilands due to their work around the ground, which has become their strength. With 18 possessions, nine marks and 38 hit-outs they are a weapon in more ways than one.
TOM MITCHELL (Sydney Swans) - Cracked in all night against the Magpies, racking up a massive 41 possessions. They handballs a lot but has found their place in the team's midfield. Kicked one goal and had eight tackles.
DANE SWAN (Collingwood) - The Magpies' best in a close clash against the Swans, racking up 39 possessions and a goal. Has returned to their hard-running best in recent weeks, powering across the ground to push the Magpies forward out of stoppages.
MITCH ROBINSON (Brisbane Lions) - The ex-Blue was in top form against their old team, picking up 33 possessions and a goal, smashing in and laying 13 tackles. One of their best games with their new club.
BRENDON AH CHEE (Port Adelaide) - Port's best against Greater Western Sydney, using their magnificent handball skills to set up teammates out of stoppages. Had 24 possessions and kicked three goals.
LUKE SHUEY (West Coast) - Missed out on the Ross Glendinning Medal but was arguably the Eagles' best player in their critical Western Derby win. The dynamic midfielder was exceptional running forward out of stoppages and had 19 possessions at 95 per cent efficiency, with an equal game-high 18 pressure acts.
CAMERON GUTHRIE (Geelong)- Pipped a great field to be the game's standout midfielder against Hawthorn with 30 possessions and three goals. The highlight was a snap off one step from the boundary line in traffic.
• Check out how fans voted on previous teams of the week
• The run home: North Melbourne's finals start here
Model will not be released to the public; Please do not ask!
"But but wait, Sypro, where's v2? YOU GAVE ME NO V2 KILL YURSELF"Actually; back in November (or Oct can't remember), I actually was getting started on a V2 after V1 was already completely outdated (At the time; I was waiting for the game release to make a more proper F.Foxy); But let's say, V2 will never see the light of day c/ its only the hips, torso, and legs that only made it through; After that I was burned out and abandoned it. Of course, later on I would make V3 and actually had motivation to make it; and finally, they made it through the hell development; All brighten up and shiny!AND of course, this is my first model of 2017 and I'm already proud of it + How the rendering/editing came out, MORE PROUD OF MAH GIRL!Fun fact: Did you know the tail is not accurate? I know right, COMPETELY UNACCAPTED 0/10! ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- belongs to Scott Cawthon.Model belongs to me; Edited in Blender3D and GIMP.
Because what good is a world with fewer people than mobile devices (SPOILER: a way better one), technology analysts at Cisco now predict mobile devices (cell phones, tablets, etc.) will outnumber humans by 2016. Jesus -- do you know how many devices that is?! Hundreds of thousands. "Billions." BILLIONS.
The United Nations predicts that the world population will hit 7.3 billion in 2016. Cisco predicts boldly that the mobile device population will be 10 billion by then. It also predicts that the devices will be sucking down an average of 10.8 exabytes of data per month (enough data to fill 33 billion DVDs or fill 813 quadrillion text messages).
Okay, so let's so the robotic apocalypse were to start today -- how many mobile devices do you think you could destroy? "I break phones all the time." That's my boy! *pinning medal on chest* "But this is a purple heart. I'm not even injur--" *shoots in foot* You keep them occupied, I have a date with a rocketship.
Hit the jump for a graph showing estimated data traffic growth between now and 2016 as well as a cartoon video Cisco (NOT THE RAPPER) made explaining the study.
Rise of the Machines: Mobile Devices to Outnumber Humans by 2016 [dailytech]
Thanks to Rob, who once drowned two phones in a month. *swoon* My hero!
CLOSE The computer code that oversees our search for online news still isn't as smart as the humans it's trying to replace. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Crystal Fernandez, left, and Carmen Arias share a moment at a memorial that sprung up on a median on Las Vegas Blvd. near the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas on Oct. 4, 2017. (Photo11: Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY)
SAN FRANCISCO — YouTube has changed its powerful search algorithm to promote videos from more mainstream news outlets in search results after people looking for details on the Las Vegas shooting were served up conspiracy theories and misinformation.
YouTube confirmed the changes Thursday. It didn't say how it decides which news sources are authoritative.
In the days after the mass shooting, videos abounded on YouTube, some questioning whether the shooting occurred and others claiming law enforcement officials had deceived the public about what really happened.
Searching for "Las Vegas shooting" on YouTube led many people to these videos, some of which claimed it was a "false flag," a term conspiracy theorists use to refer to mass shootings they believe were staged by the government to promote gun control.
Law enforcement officials say Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone, opening fire Sunday from the 32-second floor of the hotel. The attack killed 58 people and injured nearly 500. Paddock shot and killed themselves as police tried to break into the room.
As a reader just pointed out, it's been two days and the third YouTube result for "las vegas shooting" is a false flag video with a million+ views. pic.twitter.com/26cFmHIC0T — Brandon Wall (@Walldo) October 4, 2017
Jake Morphonios, who runs the End Times News Report, championed the theory of a second shooter on the fourth floor of the Mandalay Bay casino. They say they presented a "fact-based analysis of the evidence" and insists "there is nothing offensive in my videos." But Morphonios says they received a strike from YouTube for violating its community standards. YouTube takes down accounts that get three strikes in three months.
As a result, Morphonios told YouTube viewers they deleted all of the Las Vegas videos.
"I hated to do it, but if I get any more strikes, my entire channel is going to be deleted," they said in a video explaining the decision.
More: Portrait of a killer: Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock remains an enigma to police
More: Las Vegas shooting: Answering 4 common questions
More: We don't know Stephen Paddock's motive. Does it matter?
More: Vegas killer's girlfriend: They were 'a kind, quiet caring man'
Public outcry over YouTube videos promoting conspiracy theories is just the latest online flap for the major U.S. Internet companies. Within hours of the attack, Facebook and Google were called out for promoting conspiracy theories, with one anonymous message board misidentifying the shooter and claiming they were an anti-Trump Democrat.
Paddock's motives still aren't clear. They were a retired accountant with a taste for high-stakes poker. Their brother, Eric Paddock, said they aren't aware of any religious or political affiliations.
More: Google search spread wrong info from 4chan on Las Vegas shooting suspect
More: Google looks for Russian meddling in election after Twitter slammed
More: Facebook political ads are coming out of the shadows — why you should care
This isn't the first time fringe content has plunged YouTube into controversy. Major brands pulled spending on YouTube earlier this year after reports surfaced that their ads were running next to extremist videos.
YouTube is one of the Internet's most popular destinations for video. People now watch more than 1 billion hours of videos a day on it.
Helping drive that popularity is the "Up next" column which suggests additional videos to viewers.
The Wall Street Journal found incidents this week in which YouTube suggested videos promoting conspiracy theories next to videos from mainstream news sources. YouTube acknowledged issues with the "Up next" algorithm and said it was looking to promote more authoritative results there, too.
More: Las Vegas survivors have been through hell. And it's not over.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2kr8lAg
Cook Political Report, a top nonpartisan election handicapper, is predicting a wave of Democratic victories in the 2018 midterm elections.
In a new analysis, Cook editor Amy Walter says they feel a similarity to a wave of Democratic congressional victories in 2006, in which the party took control of the House, the Senate and a majority of governorships during former President George W. Bush's second term.
“[B]ack in 2006 ... I argued that unlike the last wave election of 1994, the party holding the White House was much better prepared. Republicans in 2006 had significant financial advantages,” Walter writes. “They had structural advantages. And, Democrats couldn't sneak up on Republicans as Republicans had to Democrats in 1994. Obviously, my theory was wrong.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Walter argues that the “political mood” surrounding the 2018 race could shift elections in favor of Democrats.
“Do not ignore what's right in front of us,” Walter writes. “A wave is building. If I were a Republican running for Congress, I'd be taking that more seriously than ever.”
The analysis follows last week's first major elections since the 2016 presidential race. Democrats gained major victories across the country, including sweeping statewide elections in Virginia and winning the New Jersey governor's race.
Last month, Cook Political Report shifted 12 House districts in favor of Democrats a year ahead of the 2018 midterms.
A poll released at the beginning of November showed Democrats hold an 11-point lead over Republicans on a generic House ballot.
The Washington Post/ABC News poll found that 51 percent of registered voters said they would vote for the Democrat in their district, while 40 percent said they would vote for the Republican.
Democrats will need to gain 24 seats to take control of the House in 2018.
We teamed up with Wizards of the Coast to bring you Out of the Abyss and the Sword Coast Adventurer's Guide. Now Green Ronin wants to bring you a divine sourcebook for Fifth Edition like no other.
"As the editor and developer of the 1E Deities & Demigods, I'm pulling hard for your Book of the Righteous Kickstarter. I backed it, and I encourage every other dedicated 5E player to do the same!"
Lawrence Schick
Return of a Classic
In 2002 Green Ronin published The Book of the Righteous, a massive tome for the Third Edition rules describing an entire pantheon of gods, as well as their churches, worshipers, and defenders. It was a big hit for us and became one of the most critically-acclaimed books of the d20 era. Now we are bringing it back for the Fifth Edition rules as a beautiful, full-color hardback book. Even better, the new rules material will be designed by Robert J. Schwalb, one of the designers of Fifth Edition!
Update #1: D&D Fifth Edition and Lords of Waterdeep designer Rodney Thompson has also joined the design team!
Update #2: There will now be a Fantasy Grounds version of The Book of the Righteous. There are three new tiers you can choose from covering this option. Fantasy Grounds is a virtual tabletop (VTT) app that lets you game online with your friends anywhere in the world. See below for more info.
Update #3: D&D Fifth Edition lead designer Jeremy Crawford is going to write a foreword for the new edition of The Book of the Righteous!
Update #4: We are fully funded and have unlocked our first stretch goal! The Book of the Righteous is happening!
So what is The Book of the Righteous? Simply put, one of the most comprehensive pantheons ever seen in roleplaying games. It presents more than 20 pick-up-and-play churches corresponding to gods that feature in most fantasy campaigns (god of war, god of justice, etc.). Each church features lavish detail, including in-depth information on its clerics, holy orders, dogma, prayers, and rituals. These churches can be used in any campaign to bring a whole new level of detail to the religious characters. Plus, for those who don't have a complete cosmology in their setting, the Book of the Righteous provides a comprehensive mythology that unifies all of the gods in the book. That mythology, and its corresponding cosmology, is not tied to an existing campaign setting, making it as portable and useful as our long running Freeport series. If you want in-depth religions for your campaign, The Book of the Righteous is for you.
If you'd like to see a sample of The Book of the Righteous, you can read a complete chapter of the original book here. It details the church of Urian, the Sky King.
You can see a sample of the new design work here: the Beauty domain for 5E.
Praise for the Original Edition
"The Book of the Righteous is exactly what I wish the 3rd Edition Deities and Demigods had been. This book is a plug-and-play religion, usable in part or in whole, as needed, either exactly as is, or as an example of how to construct an elaborate pantheon complete with beliefs, practices, and myths."
Vincent Darlage, RPG Geek
"The Book of the Righteous scores such a strong success because of the way it holds itself together with intelligently constructed mythology and then stays intelligent with its presentation and the implementation of this mythology to players and GMs alike. Such attention to game detail includes making it “as worthwhile” for a PC cleric to follow the God of Roads as it is to follow the God of Secrets...I just could not help but be impressed by the Book of the Righteous."
Wyrdmaster, Geek Native
"Book of the Righteous is the classic pantheon product by Green Ronin. For me, and many others, this is the deity product that the Deities & Demigods should have been: a rich expose on the deities within, their lore, and details on their churches and followers. This makes Book of the Righteous one of the most compelling sources for Pantheons for fantasy RPG settings."
Alan K, RPGNow
Format
The Book of the Righteous will be a full color hardback book featuring brand-new art throughout. At the start of the campaign, the book is slated to be 256 pages but stretch goals can increase the page count!
Update: We've unlocked the first stretch goal, so the book will now be 272 pages!
Important Note: Shipping
We are going to be charging shipping separately next year when the books are ready. In our first batch of Kickstarters, we tried to keep it simple with just a few standard shipping costs but this proved a poor way to handle it. International shipping can be brutal and in too many cases we were paying much more to ship than we collected for it. So next year, about a month from shipping, we will assess and collect actual shipping costs (using Backerkit or something similar). The upside is that you don't need to pay the full cost now; books now, shipping next year.
The Book of the Righteous will also be sold through distribution and into game stores after backers get their books. If you are concerned that shipping is going to be too expensive, be aware that the Kickstarter will not be the only way you can get the book. If you can get it from your local game store and save yourself a lot on shipping, that's a totally reasonable decision to make. There is a special tier of the Kickstarter for retailers, so you can also talk to your local store and find out if they'll be bringing in books that way.
Design Approach
Fifth editions fans are no doubt curious about the design approach we're taking with The Book of the Righteous. Developer Rob Schwalb explains the design side of the project:
The richly detailed and evocative mythology presented in The Book of the Righteous could have been enough by itself, but the original book went above and beyond by expressing the narrative through the lens of the Third Edition game system, leveraging the various mechanical components to provide players and Game Masters with the tools to transform characters into true servants of the gods. The holy warrior class, prestige classes, new domains, magic items, and more gave players plenty of options for expressing their character's religious devotion.
With the Fifth Edition update, my job is similar to what Aaron Loeb did during the initial design, chiefly to take the mythology and create the mechanics for the characters serving them. This won't be a straight conversion, however. Fifth Edition places less emphasis on building-block mechanics to support the story-first approach, so it lacks many of the moving parts that were central to the older editions. Rather than force Third Edition back into Fifth, we've decided to make the existing game options do the work instead.
For example, the original sourcebook used prestige classes to describe one of the three orders serving each god. We entertained the idea of resurrecting prestige classes for the newest edition, but nature of class design in Fifth Edition largely renders prestige classes obsolete. Since each class has a built-in sub-class (ranger archetype, sorcerous origin, domain, pact, and so on), we can use that architecture to express service to a god without having to build an entirely new system. We simply find the class most closely linked to the prestige class concept and build a new subclass to express its features, giving the class an injection of divine power. Characters belonging to other classes who want to express their affiliation with the god can do so my using the multiclassing rules. In this way, we capture the concepts in the original and use existing frameworks to deliver them to characters.
Another key piece of mechanical design in the original book was the holy warrior class. This new class dismantled the paladin into domain abilities. In doing so, it was easy to build a paladin dedicated to a particular deity. Like prestige classes, we considered bringing the holy warrior forward with new design, but the Sacred Oath class feature has made this approach unnecessary. We can offer the same variation by creating new Sacred Oaths that reflect the gods' interests and let the player choose.
In the end, my goal is to provide you with everything you need to incorporate all of Aaron's great content into your games, but with the added benefit of having robust mechanics you can use for any pantheon you might use in your campaigns.
Stretch Goals
Our stretch goals for this project are about making the final book bigger and better. Basically, the more money the campaign raises, the more value you get in the finished book.
$30,000: We will add 16 pages to the book. New page count: 272. Unlocked!
$35,000: We will commission new cover art.
$40,000: We will add a poster with family tree of the gods to the book.
$45,000: We will add 16 pages to the book. New page count: 288.
$50,000: We will put a map of a cathedral of the Great Church on the other side of the poster.
$55,000: We will add 16 pages to the book. New page count: 304.
$60,000: We will create Hero Lab files for the book. Justiciars, Holy Warriors, and Unholy Warriors get them for free. Other tiers can purchase them as an add-on.
$65,000: We will add 16 pages to the book. New page count: 320.
Meet the Team
Here you can learn a little more about the people who will be bringing you The Book of the Righteous.
Aaron Loeb, Author
Aaron Loeb is an award winning game designer and playwright.  They are the president of worldwide studios at Kabam, one of the world's leading mobile game companies. Their videogame credits include Marvel: Contest of Champions, Simpsons: Tapped Out, Sims 3 and many more. Their plays have been performed around the country and internationally, and include Ideation, and Abraham Lincoln's Big, Gay Dance Party.  They are thrilled that Green Ronin is bringing back The Book of the Righteous, which was a true labor of love.
Robert J. Schwalb, Game Designer and Developer
Robert J. Schwalb is a writer, game designer, and game developer best known for their contributions to Dungeons & Dragons, A Song of Ice and Fire Roleplaying, and Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay. Robert launched their own imprint in 2014, Schwalb Entertainment. Shadow of the Demon Lord, their first game from their new company, took the world by storm in the Fall of 2015.
Rodney Thompson, Game Designer
Rodney Thompson is a 15-year veteran of tabletop roleplaying game and board game design. They were part of the core design team for the fifth edition of Dungeons & Dragons, and prior to that they were the lead designer for the Star Wars Roleplaying Game Saga Edition supplement product line. Before working at Wizards of the Coast, Rodney was a contract game designer for several publishers, including Green Ronin Publishing. Their design credits include the Dungeons & Dragons Player's Handbook 5th Edition, the Star Wars Roleplaying Game Saga Edition, Lords of Waterdeep and its expansion, Scoundrels of Skullport, the 4th Edition Dark Sun Campaign Setting and Dark Sun Creature Catalog, Monster Vault, d20 Future, and for Green Ronin Publishing The Noble's Handbook, Dirge of the Damned, and Crisis in Freeport. Rodney currently works as a senior designer on the Destiny video game franchise at Bungie, Inc.
Chris Pramas, Publisher
Chris Pramas is an award-winning game designer, writer, and publisher.  They are best known as the designer of the Dragon Age RPG and Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay, 2nd Edition, and as the founder and President of Green Ronin Publishing. Lately Chris has been collaborating with Wil Wheaton on the Geek & Sundry web series Titansgrave: The Ashes of Valkana, which they hope will introduce many new people to roleplaying games. Their most recent work is Dwarf Warfare from Osprey Publishing and the Fantasy AGE RPG from Green Ronin.
About Fantasy Grounds
Fantasy Grounds is virtual tabletop (VTT) software that allows gamers to play RPG games online or for use as an aid for running games at the tabletop. It features the most official licenses of any VTT available with support for popular games such as Dungeons & Dragons (R) fifth edition, Mutants & Masterminds and support for Open Gaming License content.
By Leo Babauta
Lately I've been practicing asking myself a question:
What if this moment were already perfect, everything you needed to be happy?
This question is transformative.
If I'm upset about something, I reconsider the moment and realize that I'm being small-minded about something, and that if I look at the entire moment, I can appreciate how much I have to be grateful for.
Being mad at someone, I can see that actually this person is pretty wonderful and I should be grateful for having them in my life.
Being upset at a situation, I can see how much I actually have, how lucky I am, how great it is to be alive.
And even in non-frustrating moments, I can see how much of a gift this present moment is, and pause to really appreciate everything about it. And then make the most of it.
Is it possible this moment is the perfect blend you need for happiness?
CNN's Anderson Cooper - (screengrab)
Led by host Anderson Cooper, an entire CNN panel blew up on regular Jeffrey Lord who refused to admit that President Donald Trump habitually lies when — not only when they speak — but when they tweet.
Addressing Trump's tweets about ex-President Barack Obama wiretapping their offices, the panel turned to presidential credibility, with long time White House aide David Gergen explaining that President Lyndon Johnson,”didn't have a credibility gap, they had a canyon.”
“That is what is happening here,” Gergen asserted. “It makes a real difference in the capacity of a president. We've seen it again and again. when we have a president who is a congenital liar, it really matters.”
When Lord jumped in to attack former President Obama for saying people would be able to keep their doctors under Obamacare, host Anderson Cooper pulled them up short.
“Do you believe they have lied repeatedly?' Cooper asked.
“No,” Lord replied causing the whole panel to explode.
“That electoral thing that you just mentioned,” Lord said speaking over protests. “The electoral tweet, I think they are referring to the questions which we all saw where they asked, did this influence, do you have information about Pennsylvania, Ohio, Wisconsin.”
“That's not what the tweet said,” Cooper shot back.
“Well that's part of the electoral process,” Lord parried.
“No, it's not. come on, Jeffrey,” an exasperated Copper exclaimed.
“You don't think he's a liar? do you think they were wrong?” panelist Gloria Borger asked.
Conservative Matt Lewis then jumped in to say, “All of us except for Jeffrey would agree that they are a liar,” causing all hell to break loose.
Watch the video below via CNN:
Yeti's Jared Graves will race the opening round of the 2012 World Cup downhill series in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa on a new bike, called 303 WC Carbon. As the name suggests the new bike has a carbon main frame, which presumably bolsters stiffness, betters damping and shaves weight when compared to the standard alloy version.
“We've been working on it for 15 months, and have gone through eight iterations to get it into its current form,” Chris Conroy, co-owner of Yeti Cycles told BikeRadarvia email. “[The iterations have been] different lay-ups to optimize for stiffness, strength and ride characteristics.”
“We'll ride test it for most of the season, and make final tweaks by the end of the season,” said Conroy. “If all tests out, it will be in our product line for 2013.”
Differences in strength, stiffness, and weight aside, Yeti have carried over the current bike's proven geometry but have swapped the current bike's rail functionality. While the current 303 RDH uses a rail to control the shock rate but a conventional single pivot for the axle path, the new 303 WC Carbon uses the rail to control wheel path and a more conventional top tube-mounted swing link to drive the rear shock. Housing and hose routing is partially internal, too, and fork stops are built into the giant head tube section.
The rear end is aluminum as on the current 303 but the dropouts look to be better supported with the tubular chain- and seat stays extending further back than before, which we expect to reduce flex even further.
Yeti team staff and riders on site in Pietermaritzburg didn't have much to add in terms of the technical details surrounding the bike's development but Graves themselves provided us with firsthand account of the ride characteristics. Despite only having built it up Thursday morning before the race, Graves says they instantly felt right at home.
"We got it built up a couple of days ago and the first ride was this morning for practice," they told BikeRadar at the team pit area in Pietermaritzburg. It definitely always is a really good way to start a relationship with a new bike when it just totally feels like your bike on the first run."
"The biggest thing I notice is that it feels really solid," they continued. "It tracks really well through all the rough stuff. It just rides really nice and that's the biggest advantage with the carbon - the stiffness and the way it can hold a line really well. Definitely when you hit some of the berms really hard, it just holds you up nice and you don't feel any flex or squirm so it's really good in that respect."
From the latest NRA video:
So here's a suggestion for The Washington Post: Don't worry about how many guns are in our videos. Worry about how many facts are in your articles. Because if gun owners abused our Second Amendment the way you abuse your paper and the First Amendment, our rights would have been taken away long ago. You people do more damage to our country with a keyboard than every NRA member combined has ever done with a firearm. Your paper's new slogan may read “Democracy Dies in Darkness.” It should say, “Journalism Dies at The Washington Post.” take our poll - story continues below Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to The Lid updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Trending: CRAZY CNN Op-Ed Suggests Military Action If Trump Refuses To Concede Defeat In 2020
NRATV is very busy of late. They've been doing everything they can to rile up the Left and coalesce their supporters on the Right.
The latest offering of the NRA is a full-frontal assault on the left-leaning media and in particular the Washington Post.
The video showcases the voice of Grant Stinchfield pointing out the media malpractice and the way they obviously side with the left over the right. Stinchfield also decries the media's efforts to paint defenders of liberty as “dark” for speaking out for our rights, but refuse to use the same terminology to speak of the radical and violent left even as the riot in the streets of our major cities. It's an incredibly important and useful comparison because it lays bare the media bias that we, on the right, have grown so tired of observing.
Watch and share:
Transcript from NRATV:
After NRATV Commentator and veteran U.S. Navy SEAL Dom Raso released a video commentary that called out violent left politicians, media, activists and former government officials who organized anarchy in our streets, The Washington Post responded with this headline: “‘Organized anarchy': The NRA's new dark video talks politics, not guns.” Every member of the liberal propaganda machine I call the press goes unhinged when we do talk about guns, now we don't talk about them enough? For years, The Washington Post has tarnished gun owners in an effort to take away our Second Amendment freedoms. The fake news outlet even went so far as to make the blatantly false claim that the NRA had illegal ties to Russia. But The Washington Post isn't mad about the lack of guns, it's upset about an abundance of truth. The truth about their role in the organized anarchy of the violent left by spreading lies about those who disagree with their radical agenda, while refusing to cover the extremist beliefs and tactics of people like Carmen Perez, DeRay Mckesson and the liberal politicians like Chuck Schumer and Al Franken who refuse to condemn them. So they trot out a general assignment reporter, Alex Horton, to call Dom Raso's video “dark.” And they tell us we can't have an opinion unless it's about guns. Listen to me, Washington Post. In fact, I'm telling every leftist media propaganda machine defending the violent left to hear what I'm about to say. We talk about more than guns because every freedom is connected. If one is threatened, they all are threatened. And the organized anarchy that you and your politicians and your activists are pushing is destroying our country. It's why the more than 5 million members of the NRA, along with gun owners and freedom-loving Americans have come together—a clenched fist of truth to protect our freedoms at home. And we do so because Americans like Alex, the Post reporter who did serve, and Dom, have sacrificed so much to defend those freedoms abroad. It's why we will never stop fighting the violent left on the battlefield of truth. So here's a suggestion for The Washington Post: Don't worry about how many guns are in our videos. Worry about how many facts are in your articles. Because if gun owners abused our Second Amendment the way you abuse your paper and the First Amendment, our rights would have been taken away long ago. You people do more damage to our country with a keyboard than every NRA member combined has ever done with a firearm. Your paper's new slogan may read “Democracy Dies in Darkness.” It should say, “Journalism Dies at The Washington Post.”
Defenses of our constitutional liberties like the above make me proud to be a member of the NRA.
Crossposted with Constitution.com
From the award-winning, New York Times bestselling author of NOS4A2 and Heart-Shaped Box comes a chilling novel about a worldwide pandemic of spontaneous combustion that threatens to reduce civilization to ashes and a band of improbable heroes who battle to save it, led by one powerful and enigmatic man known as the Fireman.
The firefighter is coming. Stay cool.
No one knows exactly when it began or where it originated. A terrifying new plague is spreading like wildfire across the country, striking cities one by one: Boston, Detroit, Seattle. The doctors call it Draco Incendia Trychophyton. To everyone else it's Dragonscale, a highly contagious, deadly spore that marks its hosts with beautiful black and gold marks across their bodies—before causing them to burst into flames. Millions are infected; blazes erupt everywhere. There is no antidote. No one is safe.
Harper Grayson, a compassionate, dedicated nurse as pragmatic as Mary Poppins, treated hundreds of infected patients before their hospital burned to the ground. Now she's discovered the telltale gold-flecked marks on their skin. When the outbreak first began, they and their husband, Jakob, had made a pact: they would take matters into their own hands if they became infected. To Jakob's dismay, Harper wants to live—at least until the fetus they are carrying comes to term. At the hospital, they witnessed infected mothers give birth to healthy babies and believes theirs will be fine too. . . if they can live long enough to deliver the child.
Convinced that their do-gooding wife has made them sick, Jakob becomes unhinged, and eventually abandons them as their placid New England community collapses in terror. The chaos gives rise to ruthless Cremation Squads—armed, self-appointed posses roaming the streets and woods to exterminate those who they believe carry the spore. But Harper isn't as alone as they fear: a mysterious and compelling stranger they briefly met at the hospital, a man in a dirty yellow firefighter's jacket, carrying a hooked iron bar, straddles the abyss between insanity and death. Known as The Fireman, they stroll the ruins of New Hampshire, a madman afflicted with Dragonscale who has learned to control the fire within himself, using it as a shield to protect the hunted . . . and as a weapon to avenge the wronged.
In the desperate season to come, as the world burns out of control, Harper must learn the Fireman's secrets before their life—and that of their unborn child—goes up in smoke.
When Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella takes the stage on Wednesday at Microsoft Build, the most important event of the year for the once mighty software maker, it represents something of a last best chance to win over mobile developers.
For all its power in the PC era, Microsoft has struggled to convince developers to create apps for its Windows Phone system, which has badly lagged rivals Google and Apple. Failing to win support at its annual developers conference this week could be fatal to its phone business.
Nadella and senior executives will tout the benefits of the latest Windows 10, which will unite its mobile and PC operating systems and allow developers the ability to write a program that can run on phones, tablets, PCs and even the Xbox and HoloLens. Today, programmers need to write different versions for the platforms.
Unlike previous big operating system upgrades, Microsoft will give this one away for free in the hope that more customers will upgrade. Typically, most customers wait to buy a new PC before upgrading their operating systems.
And here's why bringing together PC and phone software development is so important: On the phone side, the company's market share remains fairly tiny. Last quarter, Microsoft said it sold 8.6 million Lumia phones, as compared to the 61 million iPhones Apple sold over the past three months. And far more Android phones were sold than that.
The PC market, sluggish as it may be, presents a vastly different picture. IDC forecasts that nearly 300 million PCs will be sold this year, a nearly 5 percent drop from last year, but still a big number. The majority of these will run Windows, so Microsoft has an opportunity to get significant numbers of computers quickly onto its new operating system with the free upgrade.
With the new Windows 10, existing Windows developers will, for the first time, have an opportunity to watch their work proliferate across the bigger Microsoft empire and across multiple devices. But sustainable success for Microsoft can only be gained if it can bring on new developers who have, until now, avoided both Windows Phone and the company's new-style Windows applications.
In addition to getting those PCs out there, Microsoft has to get computer users spending more time running the new-style Windows programs — the kind that work across PCs and phones — rather than the old-style Windows applications. With Windows 10, the distinction between the two is less jarring, but Microsoft still needs to make consumers more aware both of the store that serves up the new programs and of the titles available.
Aiming to show that universal apps are the new normal, Microsoft has taken to calling them Windows Apps and calling the old kind Windows desktop apps.
At this week's Build conference in San Francisco, Microsoft will again make its Windows 10 case, this time pushing hard at developers. It's a case the company has been trying to establish for more than a year now, but with Windows 10 due out in just a few months, Microsoft needs to put on the full-court press. Microsoft will show its most detailed look yet at what the final version of the software will look like, though early preview versions have painted a pretty clear picture of software that merges the look of Windows 7 with the ability to run new-style Windows 8 apps side by side.
Some developers will certainly take a wait-and-see approach, but Microsoft needs to — at a minimum — grab their attention and ideally inspire at least some in the crowd to do a little early experimentation for the new operating system. Expect Microsoft to pledge a lot of money and promotion for those who do early interesting work on the new Windows.
The present study examines the association between income and physical activity intensity along the entire continuum using accelerometry in a nationally representative sample of U.S. adults. Specifically, we assessed the relationship between annual household income, sedentary behavior, light, and moderate-vigorous intensity physical activity, and meeting physical activity guidelines over a brief, 2-day period (‘weekend warrior'), and during the entire week. The sample consisted of 5206 National Health and Examination Survey adult participants (2003–2006) who wore accelerometers and completed pertinent survey questions. Ordinary Least Square models were computed to examine the relationship between income and the dependent variables (sedentary behavior, light, and moderate to vigorous intensity activity) adjusting for covariates. Logistic regression was employed to examine the association between income and meeting physical activity guidelines during a 2-day and 7-day time-period. Results indicate that individuals with an annual income of ≥$75,000 engaged in 4.6 more daily minutes of moderate to vigorous activity (p-value < 0.01), in comparison to the reference group (<$20,000 annual income). Those in the high-income strata were 1.6 and 1.9 times more likely to meet physical activity guidelines during a 2 and 7-day period (respectively) than their lower income counterparts (p < 0.05 for both). Further, those in the high-income strata spent 11.8 more minutes daily being sedentary than their lower income counterparts (p-value < 0.01). In conclusion, higher annual household income is related to more intense, less frequent (per week) patterns of physical activity and more daily sedentary time.
The chairperson of the Chicago Bears said Sunday that the “divisive political situation” fueled by President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's criticism of the NFL and players who kneel during the national anthem has united the football franchise.
“Through our important dialogue with our players and team, this divisive political situation has unified our franchise for the present and the future,” Chairman George H. McCaskey said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
McCaskey's comments follow Trump's suggestion that NFL owners fire players who kneel during the national anthem in protest against racial injustice.
"Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, 'Get that son of a b---- off the field right now,'" Trump told the crowd at an Alabama rally on Friday. "'He is fired.'"
Trump has since been the target of an onslaught of criticism from athletes.
“The Chicago Bears are proud to support our players, coaches and all members of our organization to bring peace and unity together through football,” McCaskey said in the statement on Sunday.
“What makes this the greatest country in the world are the liberties it was founded upon and the freedom to express oneself in a respectful and peaceful manner.”
Snap, the maker of Snapchat, is developing a drone, according to a report from The New York Times. The drone could be used to take photos and video, though it is not yet clear whether it will be made available to consumers, the Times reports, citing people familiar with the plans.
Snap's experiment with drones underscores its intent to branch out into new products, following the release of its camera-equipped Spectacles last year. Snap has sought to brand itself as a camera company, and in a video for investors last month, CEO Evan Spiegel spoke about the power of camera technology as a communications tool.
The Times report also comes ahead of Snap's initial public offering this week. The company is expected to price its stock on Wednesday, before it begins trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday. The IPO is expected to value Snap at more than $20 billion.
They were at the center of a fake news story, but Denzel Washington says it's the mainstream media that's selling "BS."
ADVERTISEMENT
"If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you do read it, you're misinformed," Washington, the star and director behind the new film "Fences," told ITK at the Tuesday premiere inside the National Museum of African American History and Culture.
"Fences," based on an award-winning play of the same name, also features Viola Davis and centers on the life of a black family in the 1950s Pittsburgh. It is set to be released on Christmas.
Washington was the subject of a phony story earlier this year that falsely claimed they were switching their support of then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE to GOP White House hopeful Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE.
One of the effects of "too much information," the 61-year-old Oscar winner says, is "the need to be first, not even to be true anymore."
"So what a responsibility you all have — to tell the truth," Washington exclaimed to the pack of reporters gathered on the red carpet.
"In our society, now it's just first — who cares, get it out there. We don't care who it hurts. We don't care who we destroy. We don't care if it's true," Washington continued.
"Just say it, sell it. Anything you practice you'll get good at — including BS."
[UPDATE] 343i has released a little bit more information regarding the new HCS Skins!
HCS-themed REQs are only in team packs, not general pool. Packs are $ only to directly support teams. — Tashi (@Tashi343i) June 24, 2016
Each team will have a separate REQ Pack that will guarantee all three of the team's items (Emblem, AR, Magnum) as well as two random cosmetic unlocks. These two additional items will have a strong chance of containing the new HCS Contender skins as well as the classic Athlon Champion armor and classic HCS skins. They are now available for $9.99 on Xbox.com.
Counter Logic Gaming
OpTic Gaming
Evil Geniuses
Spartan Recruit
[Original] When the Warzone Firefight content update for Halo 5: Guardians drops on June 29th (this Wednesday), tons of new content will arrive in Halo 5, including some awesome new content for fans of Halo eSports. Series 1 HCS REQs will introduce new REQ Packs to Halo 5 that will allow players to purchase weapon skins and emblems that directly support teams, players, and organizations both in game and out.
Note: 343 Industries has not yet announced how players can/will acquire each set of skins. We are unsure if they will be purchasable with REQ Points, cash only, or if they will be part of the standard REQ drop pool. Expect more news soon.
Evil Geniuses
It seems that Evil Geniuses dominant reign in H2A has earned them a spot in Series 1 of team skins for Halo 5: Guardians. All team packs contain an Assault Rifle, Magnum, and Emblem and will directly support team organizations via REQ pack purchases.
Counter-Logic Gaming
Without a doubt, the most deserving team of a set of in-game weapon skins is the 2016 Halo World Champions – CLG. Check out their Assault Rifle, Pistol, and Emblem!
OpTic Gaming
And it wouldn't be a complete conversation without involving the fan favorite Green Wall. OpTic Gaming rounds out Series 1 as the third set of team skins. Check out the OpTic set below!
HCS Contender Skins
And last but not least is a new batch of generic HCS skins for players to collect. Back in December, the HCS REQ Pack was released to help fund the Halo World Championship. It contained the Athlon HCS Armor Set, an HCS Emblem, and an AR/Magnum skin set. For Series 1, they will be adding new Red and Blue variants of the Assault Rifle and Magnum skins as well as new HCS Battle Rifle skins for players to show off during Warzone and SWAT.
Which skins are you looking to pick up and collect? Discuss the HCS Pro League and Warzone Firefight on our forums!
0 SHARES Share Tweet
It is kind of disturbing, really.
Ned Luke – the voice actor for the rich yet unsatisfied Michael in Grand Theft Auto V – has shared an interesting photo on Facebook from their time working with fellow voice actors Steve Ogg (Trevor) and Shawn Fonteno (Franklin).
You're not the only one who will notice that the actors and their in-game counterparts have similar facial features. Ned Luke looks like an older, middle-class Michael; Steve Ogg looks as eccentric as Trevor himself, and Shawn Fonteno looks basically exactly like Franklin, save for the facial hair.
Released today, it seems like everyone else has Grand Theft Auto V except me. My own pre-ordered copy of it is slowly being downloaded right now from Sony's over-burdened PlayStation Store servers.
Ned Luke (Facebook) via Polygon
Are campaign promises dead?
That's what Green Party leader Andrew Weaver said yesterday when they called the NDP's promise for $10-a-day childcare "irrelevant" in this political climate.
Political commentator Norman Spector, who was a deputy minister under former B.C. premier Bill Bennett and a chief of staff to former prime minister Brian Mulroney, says while Weaver may have overstated things, they do have a point.
"It is important to realize that the May election was unlike any others we've had in British Columbia," they said.
B.C.'s minority government means that power-sharing agreements, negotiations and compromise are part of the deal.
That means campaign promises might have to be modified to earn the support of the parties so the legislation actually passes and the NDP stay in power.
"The reason John Horgan is the premier of British Columbia today is not because their party won the most votes or won the most seats, but it's because they were able to conclude an agreement with Andrew Weaver whereby the Green Party would support the NDP," they said.
"John Horgan owes their job to Andrew Weaver."
Spector says it looks like the two parties are trying to accommodate each other and it's in the best interest of the NDP to bend to Weaver's will.
And if things get very contentious, there is nothing stopping Horgan from calling an election.
"If the NDP and their voters are dissatisfied with the arrangement, they can any day get up and go to the lieutenant governor and ask to dissolve the legislature and call an election," they said. "But I don't get the sense that they're all that upset."
The wild card in the NDP-Green relationship is the possibility of electoral reform. Both parties have committed to a proportional representation system.
If that system is implemented, they said, this kind of ambiguous power-sharing politics will be the norm.
"We are going to see this kind of politics and this kind of government almost always."
With files from The Early Edition
A federal watchdog told lawmakers Friday that six women who met with U.S. Secret Service employees in Colombia in April were paid for sex and that other Defense Department and White House staff might also have been involved.
People walk past the Hotel El Caribe in Cartagena, Colombia, on April 19, 2012, where U.S. Secret Service personnel met with prostitutes. (Pedro Mendoza/AP)
In a letter to House and Senate committees, Edwards said that 13 agency staffers “had personal encounters” with women at two Cartagena hotels and a private residence after meeting them at nightclubs in mid-April. Three of the women left without asking for money, five asked for money and were paid, four were refused payment and one woman was paid only after they summoned a Colombian police officer and was later paid by another Secret Service employee, according to investigators.
The dispute that unfolded in the early hours of April 12 exposed the misconduct to local authorities and set off one of the most embarrassing episodes in Secret Service history — just hours before President Obama arrived in Cartagena for the Summit of the Americas.
Eight Secret Service employees, including two senior supervisors, eventually lost their jobs; three were later cleared of serious misconduct; and at least two are fighting to be reinstated.
Seven Army soldiers and two Marines were also implicated in the scandal and received administrative punishments. Three of those personnel requested courts martial.
Allaying one of the primary concerns of lawmakers, Edwards said that they found no evidence that the misconduct “compromised the safety and security of the president or any sensitive information.”
But a hotel registry reviewed by investigators suggested that two other U.S. government employees — working for the Defense Department and White House Communication Agency — also might have met with foreign nationals, Edwards said. Investigators did not pursue the individuals because the Homeland Security inspector general lacks the authority to investigate non-DHS personnel.
In late April, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said that a White House counsel internal investigation had found no misconduct by White House staffers or the advance team.
But Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), one of several lawmakers who requested the probe, said the inconclusiveness surrounding possible White House involvement still troubles them
“The White House explicitly denied any involvement after its own investigation, and now the IG is questioning that account,” Collins said Friday. “This raises concerns about the credibility of the White House investigation.”
Edwards said their investigation included interviews with 251 Secret Service employees and a review of travel records, hotel registries and U.S. Embassy cables. They launched the probe at the request of lawmakers in late May.
Secret Service spokesperson Ed Donovan said the agency had no initial comment on the investigation.
Share your thoughts in the comments section below.
Follow Ed O'Keefe on Twitter: @edatpost
1 of 10 View Captions
(Ben Curtis | AP Photo) Camel herders scoop up water in plastic buckets from one of the few watering holes in the area, to ... (Farah Abdi Warsameh | AP Photo) A Somali woman displaced by the drought, arrives at the camp in the Kaxda area on the out... (Farah Abdi Warsameh | AP Photo) Newly arrived Somalis, displaced by the drought, receive food distributions at makeshift ... (Ben Curtis | AP Photo) A man fills a long line of plastic water containers from a tanker, in the drought-affected village... (Courtesy LDS Church) LDS Charities is partnering with Convoy of Hope on several projects to address immediate needs of the p... (GEORGE PAPUASHVILI ; Courtesy LDS Church) Children in Bidi Bidi. ( GEORGE PAPUASHVILI; Courtesy LDS Church) A woman in the Bidi Bidi refugee settlement in Uganda enjoys a mango. (Courtesy LDS Church; Photographer: Frederic Courbet) Hadja Zena Mahamadou, a 30 year old Nigerian, inspects the relief items... (© UNICEF/UN057372/Holt; Courtesy LDS Church) A medical practitioner uses a Mid Upper-Arm Circumference (MUAC) measuring tape... (© UNICEF/UN061108/Knowles-Cours; Couresty LDS Church) Displaced women queue with containers for clean water from a UNICEF an...
There is plenty of anti- immigrant sentiment to go around on the right as the immigration reform debate rages on. Rep. Steve King (R-IA) just happens to be the one in the spotlight at the moment.
The controversy started when King did an interview with Newsmax, in which they said of immigrants:
[for every valedictorian]there's another hundred out there who they weigh 130 pounds and they've got calves the size of cantaloupes because they've been hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert.
Now, this is obviously a baseless assertion, and highly offensive to anyone who is not a raving bigot. Even people in King's own party, such as House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) and Majority Leader Eric Cantor(R-VA) have distanced themselves from King's remarks. Rep. Raul Labrador (R-ID) even went so far as to say that the comments were” reprehensible.”
King, however, remains undaunted. According to Crooks and Liars, King had an interview with right wing talk show host Laura Ingraham, in which they were asked about the comments. They continued to defend what they said, even going so far as to claim that they have had “personal experience picking people up with calves the size of cantaloupes.”
That description comes from many days down on the border, riding and sitting with the border patrol and without them at night, no night vision, watching the shadows come across the border, picking people up personally with my hands, unloading illegal drugs out of a vehicle with a false bottom under the truck,” they explained. “I mean this is a personal experience, and I sit there at night and border patrol agents would come to me one at a time in their civil clothes and talk to me clandestinely.
I have to roll my eyes at that comment. Nobody in their right minds, no matter their political persuasion, believes any of that. Further, even if it were true, they cannot say that it is true for all Americans who happen to be immigrants.
In the interview, Laura Ingraham asked Rep. King about their comments:
“So they have calved the size of cantaloupes? What?”
King answered:
“I insulted the illegal drug dealers, the drug smugglers. I insulted them, I admit that. I don't know why anybody else would be insulted.”
When Ingraham asked if they would apologize for what they said, King replied:
“No, I won't do that, Laura. If I did that, that would further marginalize, and that would be a confession that the statement that I made was wrong or inaccurate.”
Yeah, and we all know how hard it is for a self- righteous bigot to admit to making a mistake. They never do, so that statement comes as no surprise. I really do think that we all need to realize something though. When our elected representatives are open and total bigots, they are not representing all people. King's comments show them to be a flaming, unabashed racist. No one who holds those sorts of narrow minded views should be anywhere near public office. After all, when you hold office you are supposed to serve the people. That means all people.
There are endless theories about why Mozart died at the age of 35, but the reality could be quite simple
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart has died a hundred deaths, more or less. Here's a new one: darkness.
Doctors over the years have resurrected the story of Mozart's death again and again, each time proposing some alternative horrifying medical reason why the 18th century's most celebrated and prolific composer keeled over at age 35. A new monograph suggests that Mozart died from too little sunlight.
The researchers give us a simple theory. When exposed to sunlight, people's skin naturally produces vitamin D. Mozart, toward the end of their life, was nearly as nocturnal as a vampire, so their skin probably produced very little vitamin D. (The man failed to take any vitamin D supplements to counteract that deficiency. But that wasn't Mozart's fault. Only much later, in the 1920s, did scientists identify a clear link between vitamin D, sunlight, and good health. Vitamin D supplements did not go on sale in Salzburg and Vienna, Mozart's home towns, until many years after that.)
Stefan Pilz (who, if they play their cards right, will hereafter be known as "Vitamin" Pilz) and William B Grant published their report, called vitamin D Deficiency Contributed to Mozart's Death, in a journal called Medical Problems of Performing Artists. Pilz is a physician/researcher at the Medical University of Graz, Austria. Grant is a California physicist whose background is in optical and laser remote sensing of the atmosphere, and atmospheric sciences.
Pilz and Grant explain: "Mozart did much of their composing at night, so would have slept during much of the day. At the latitude of Vienna, 48º N, it is impossible to make vitamin D from solar ultraviolet-B irradiance for about six months of the year. Mozart died on 5 December, 1791, two to three months into the vitamin D winter."
But they acknowledge the existence of competing medical theories. They do not bother mentioning the possibility, depicted in Peter Shaffer's 1969 play Amadeus, that a rival composer did them in. Other academic studies do examine the evidence for poisoning; most conclude that that evidence is lame.
Rival doctors and historians have presented arguments, in medical and other academic journals, that Mozart perished from acute rheumatic fever, bacterial endocarditis, streptococcal septicemia, tuberculosis, cardiovascular disease, brain hemorrhage, hypertensive encephalopathy, congestive heart failure, uremia secondary to chronic kidney disease, pyelonephritis, congenital urinary tract anomaly with obstructive uropathy, bronchopneumonia, hemorrhagic shock, post-streptococcal Henoch-Schönlein purpura, polyarthritis, trichinellosis, amyloidosis, and quite a few other unpleasantnesses.
Other studies have tried to tease out biomedical causes for some of Mozart's eccentric behaviour. Two of the more abstruse are by Benjamin Simkin. In 1999 they wrote about a concept called "pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorder associated with streptococcal infection" (Pandas). The study is called Was Pandas Associated with Mozart's Personality Idiosyncrasies? It expanded on Simkin's curse-filled 1992 monograph, in the British Medical Journal, called Mozart's Scatological Disorder.
(Thanks to Jim Cowdery for bringing this to my attention.)
• Marc Abrahams is editor of the bimonthly Annals of Improbable Research and organiser of the Ig Nobel prize
Copyright by KRQE - All rights reserved
SANTA FE (AP) - The Latest on Sonia Sotomayor's visit to a private college in New Mexico (all times local):
8:50 p.m.
A member of the Supreme Court says U.S. law has become too complex for someone without extensive legal experience to work on the nation's highest court.
A student at St. John's College in New Mexico asked Justice Sonia Sotomayor on Wednesday whether there is still a place on the court for non-jurists like Earl Warren and Louis Brandeis.
Sotomayor says the law has become exponentially more complicated since their time and that a lot of that is the court's own creation. They said legal experience is a must.
Questions were not allowed regarding Supreme Court appointee and federal appeals court judge Merrick Garland and the Republican effort to delay the current confirmation process.
___
7:30 p.m.
Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor is talking about America - as a philosophical idea - over dinner with students at a small private college in northern New Mexico.
The jurist arrived Wednesday at St. John's College in Santa Fe to speak to about 700 people waiting in a crammed auditorium.
St. John's senior Billy Trabaudo-Loera said a conversation over dinner with Sotomayor dwelt on philosophy more than politics and current affairs.
"We were more interested in philosophy, more than the transitory problems of the American political system," they said.
___
3:20 a.m.
Bronx-born Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor is sharing their story with students at a private college in New Mexico that is dedicated to reading the great books of the Western canon and Eastern traditions.
Sotomayor is scheduled to speak Wednesday at St. John's College in Santa Fe.
The engagement includes an onstage discussion with St. John's President Mark Roosevelt and questions from the audience.
Sotomayor is a witness to how the high court operates with eight justices amid Republican efforts to delay the confirmation of federal appeals court judge Merrick Garland as a successor to deceased justice Anthony Scalia.
The jurist of Puerto Rican descent is providing signed copies of a recent memoir tracing their life from a Bronx housing project to the nation's highest court.
A MATHEMATICS professor used trigonometry to help a pig farm sue a hot air balloon company it claimed caused a fatal stampede among its animals.
North Yorkshire farming firm Ian Mosey (Livestock) claimed a hot air balloon had scared its pigs into a stampede - resulting in three sows suffering heart attacks and a boar dying from their injuries.
Picture shows the balloon hovering near Low Moor Farm in North Yorkshire. The image was used by mathematics doctor Chris Fewster to calculate the distance and heighte that the balloon was flying. See copy RPYPIG : A pig farming firm that sued a hot air balloon company claiming one of their flights caused a fatal stampede among their animals used a maths whizz to win a #40,000 payouts. Farmers Ian Mosey (Livestock) said a hot air balloon had scared their pigs into a stampede - resulting in three sows suffering heart attacks and a boar dying from their injuries the next day. But the compensation was only secured with the help of a university maths professor who used trigonometry methods to prove their case. The balloon, from Wiltshire-based company Go Ballooning, was flying over Low Moor Farm in North Yorkshire in April 2012 when it descended so low and fired its burners that the animals stampeded in fright.''rossparry.co.uk / Steven Schofield
But the compensation was only secured with the help of Professor Chris Fewster from the Department of Mathematics at the University of York, who used trigonometry to prove their case.
The balloon, from Wiltshire-based company Go Ballooning, was flying over Low Moor Farm in April 2012 when it descended so low and fired its burners that the animals stampeded in fright. A herd of pigs fled to a corner of the field and ended up piled together in a ditch. Following the incident, the surviving pregnant sows suffered a number of aborted piglets and stillbirths.
Insurers for Go Ballooning attempted to use GPS data from the flight to claim the balloon did not come closer than 750m from the pigs, and could not have caused the stampede.
But Prof Chris Fewster, using a photograph of the balloon taken by the farmer's wife, put the balloon at around 300m from the pigs when it fired its burner. The company's insurer agreed a settlement of almost £40,000.
Picture shows farmer Mick Gilbank 67 at Low Moor Farm in North Yorkshire. A pig farming firm that sued a hot air balloon company claiming one of their flights caused a fatal stampede among their animals used a maths whizz to win a �40,000 payouts.See copy RPYPIG. rossparry.co.uk / Steven Schofield
Dan Gilbank, manager at the farm, said: “The farmer's wife decided to take the photo of the balloon because they thought it was a nice picture. Luckily, it ended up having a key role.
“The company denied they had been anywhere near the pigs because they knew they were meant to steer clear of the farm. The Civil Aviation Authority ordered that they were not allowed to come within 500m of the livestock, which they did.”
Prof Fewster, who used measurements of the size of the balloon and the trees in the background to measure the distance, said the mathematics involved were “fairly elementary”.
They added: “The wonderful thing about mathematics is that it helps us think clearly about the world. This case shows how even relatively simple mathematics like trigonometry can make an important contribution.”
As any Glee fan knows, Amber Riley has talent. But the actor has taken their skills to a whole new level on Dancing with the Stars.
“This has taught me that I can do a lot more than I thought I could,” a choked-up Riley, 27, told PEOPLE after scoring 24 points for their jive with Derek Hough on Monday night's show.
“Tonight was – I'm not even on camera and I'm crying like a dork. But it really has taught me that I can do more than I thought I could.”
Part of what has helped them believe in themselves is support from Emmy winner Hough.
“Derek keeps me from getting negative,” Riley explains. “When I get to that place, he's good at redirecting me. Even in my everyday life, I can learn from that.”
Adds the star: “I'm just having so much fun. I'm having so much fun that I don't even think about [scores], especially when I'm on the dance floor.”
Will Self's lament for the death of the novel earlier this summer has been cast into stark relief by "shocking" new statistics which show that the number of authors able to make a living from their writing has plummeted dramatically over the last eight years, and that the average professional author is now making well below the salary required to achieve the minimum acceptable living standard in the UK.
According to a survey of almost 2,500 working writers – the first comprehensive study of author earnings in the UK since 2005 – the median income of the professional author in 2013 was just £11,000, a drop of 29% since 2005 when the figure was £12,330 (£15,450 if adjusted for inflation), and well below the £16,850 figure the Joseph Rowntree Foundation says is needed to achieve a minimum standard of living. The typical median income of all writers was even less: £4,000 in 2013, compared to £5,012 in real terms in 2005, and £8,810 in 2000.
Commissioned by the Authors' Licensing and Collecting Society and carried out by Queen Mary, University of London, the survey also found that in 2013, just 11.5% of professional authors – those who dedicate the majority of their time to writing – earned their incomes solely from writing. This compares with 2005, when 40% of professional authors said that they did so.
For Self, who wrote in the Guardian in May about how "the literary novel as an art work and a narrative art form central to our culture is indeed dying before our eyes", because "the hallmark of our contemporary culture is an active resistance to difficulty in all its aesthetic manifestations", the new statistics were no surprise. "My own royalty income has fallen dramatically over the last decade," said the award-winning author of novels including the Booker-shortlisted Umbrella. "You've always been able to comfortably house the British literary writers who can earn all their living from books in a single room – that room used to be a reception one, now it's a back bedroom."
Mal Peet, whose children's novels have won prizes from the Carnegie medal to the Guardian award, said their income from books had "dwindled really significantly" over the past four years. In the past, they said, they received royalty cheques of up to £30,000 for a six-month period. In the last half of 2013, their royalties for all their novels were just £3,000.
"My direct income from sales is abject – literally abject. There's been an absolutely radical decline in my income over recent years," said Peet. "I do live by writing, but that's because I have got a backlist of educational books which keeps on selling, and I have a pension, and I have to go on the road. Because I've a certain reputation, I can ask for a £25,000 advance, but then you spend a year writing the book, and £25,000 is a loan against sales and you can easily spend five years earning out. So that's £25,000 for six years."
James Smythe published their first novel in 2010 with an indie publisher, and they have published five with HarperCollins. They have been shortlisted for major science fiction awards, been glowingly reviewed, and won the Wales book of the year. They told the Guardian that their novels had never earned out. "Being a writer can't be treated like it's a job. It maybe was once, but no writer can treat it as such nowadays. There's no ground beneath your feet in terms of income, and you can't rely on money to come when you need it," said Smythe, who also teaches at Roehampton University.
Despite headlines about record-breaking deals – most recently for a slice of One Direction fan fiction, which earned Anna Todd a mid-six-figure deal with Simon & Schuster – the "vast majority" of writers receive advances that are well below the level that would make them equivalent to a salary, said Smythe. "I know very few writers who earn above the Minimum Income Standard, and that means that they need second jobs," said Smythe. "Awards and critical acclaim used to be enough, in the heady days of 1970s publishing. It's simply not, now."
The ALCS described the new figures as "shocking". "These are concerning times for writers," said chief executive Owen Atkinson. "This rapid decline in both author incomes and in the numbers of those writing full-time could have serious implications for the economic success of the creative industries in the UK."
Smythe said that many blame the numbers of books published for the decline in author earnings, "and it's true, shelf space is at a premium". Self-publishing also comes under fire, they said – but this is "even less of a way of earning money from your writing if you're any good than conventional publishing".
According to Smythe, "the industry works the way that it always has, just with tightened coffers". So "if you sell, you'll get more money next time around. If you don't, then you'll earn less. In most jobs, you work hard, and you deliver results. Unfortunately – and this is out of everybody's hands – working hard in publishing guarantees no such results. You could write the best book in the world, and it could still sell dismally. My publishers are great, in that they believe I'll write something that pays off. So I get to keep doing this. But one day, if I fail to deliver results, that will change. Why would you keep paying somebody money for no gain?"
A total of 2,454 writers took part in the ALCS survey, of whom 56% were men and 44% women. Seventeen per cent of respondents is aged 44 or under; 54% were aged 45-64; and 29% were aged 65 or over. The research, What Are Words Worth Now?, is being launched on 8 July at an ALCS debate at the House of Commons, where panellists including the novelist Joanne Harris and the poet Wendy Cope will take part in a debate entitled: "Are We All on The Same Page?: Can a Fair Deal for Writers be Balanced With a Fair Deal for All?"
"Most people know that a few writers make a lot of money. This survey tells us about the vast majority of writers, who don't," said Cope. "It's important that the public should understand this – and why it is so important for authors to be paid fairly for their work."
I won't tease you.
As the title suggests, yes, you are about to see a real life Major League Baseball player get thrown out at first base all the way from left field – and there's nothing up my sleeve.
There are some extenuating circumstances (you'll see), but the short version is that Tigers' first baseman Sean Casey (now a broadcaster for MLB Network) hits a liner to left that they *thinks* is caught by the third baseman, when in reality it flew just over their head.
White Sox left fielder Pablo Ozuna – who was paying a bit more attention – bare hands the ball in left freakin' field and fires to first, barely beating out Casey. Check it out:
Your browser does not support iframes.
Upon replay, you can see that Casey does a quick (disappointed) spin, thinking that their liner was caught, before taking off for first … but still. By my clock, that's just under 8 seconds from the hit to the time they reach first. The average speed of a runner from home to first, according to Top End Sports, is 4.3 seconds, so … it took Casey nearly twice as long.
And yeah, this play occurred well before replay, but honestly, even if they were safe they don't deserve it. That might be one of the funniest, knucklehead plays I've ever seen.
Writer and intellectual Ta-Nehisi Coates on Wednesday said they will vote for Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE over Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
­
ADVERTISEMENT
In an interview with Democracy Now , Coates said Sanders is the candidate who can do the most to help the black community.
“I will be voting for Senator Sanders,” Coates said. “I have tried to avoid this question, but yes I will be voting for Senator Sanders.”
Coates, the author of the acclaimed essay "The Case for Reparations," has been critical of Sanders's reluctance to include policies specific to African-Americans in their welfare platform. But Coates said they would support the Vermont senator's candidacy, nonetheless.
“One can be very, very critical of Senator Sanders on this specific issue,” they said. “One can say Senator Sanders should have more explicit anti-racist policy within their racial-justice platform, not just more general stuff and still cast a vote for Senator Sanders and still feel that Senator Sanders in the best option that we have in the race.”
“But just because that's who you're going to vote for doesn't mean you then have to agree with everything they say,” they added.
Coates said they are “concerned" about Clinton's support of harsher criminal justice reform as first lady and their six-figure speaking honorariums from big banks.
“You know, like a lot of people, I'm very concerned about where their positions were in the 1990s, when we had some of the most disgusting legislation in terms of criminal justice really in this country's history,” they said.
“I get really, really concerned when I see somebody taking $600,000 in speaking fees from Goldman Sachs [and] not release what they're actually saying.”
On the heels of Sanders's resounding first-place finish in the New Hampshire primary, Coates said they were “pleasantly stunned” that Americans were backing a self-proclaimed democratic socialist in such numbers.
“Well, I think had you told me this like a year ago, I certainly would not have expected, you know, an avowed socialist to, you know, be putting up these sorts of numbers and actually be contending for the Democratic Party nomination,” they said. “But I think it's awesome.”
Coates later clarified in a series of tweets that they were not "endorsing" Sanders with the intent to sway others, only voting for them as a private citizen.
Sanders on Wednesday met with civil-rights leader Al Sharpton ahead of the South Carolina primary.
After trading for Kelly Olynyk on draft day, the Boston Celtics, who boast one of the deeper front courts in the NBA, are hoping he'll be more than just another body in the rotation. They want them to help lead the charge.
Lofty expectations for a player with only 134 games of NBA experience and just 9.4 PPG over that stretch? Perhaps. But according to those who know Olynyk best, taking their game to the another level is par for the course for the 24-year-old.
“I'm waiting for them to take the next step in the NBA,” says Del Komarniski, Olynyk's high school coach at South Kamloops Secondary School, “because he's done it at every level.”
Olynyk's rise to basketball's biggest stage has been both steady and improbable. And by bucking convention and remaining loyal to their roots, he's leaving a lasting impact developing the game for future generations of young players in British Columbia.
When Kelly Olynyk was drafted in 2013, many were surprised to learn the seven-foot Canadian was not a direct product of the Toronto basketball scene.
“With the 13th pick in the 2013 NBA Draft,” called then-commissioner David Stern, “the Dallas Mavericks select Kelly Olynyk from Kamloops, Canada and Gonzaga University.”
Kamloops, Canada? Google Analytics probably noticed a swift rise in searches on that late June evening. If the basketball world was surprised that the town of 90,000 could produce a first-round pick it should be noted that it's a reaction once shared by Olynyk himself.
When Kelly was in the seventh grade their family uprooted from Toronto and settled in Kamloops after their dad, Ken, took a job as the athletic director at local Thompson Rivers University. At 12 years old, Olynyk had already developed a budding interest in basketball and unmistakeable talent. Yet because, unlike back home, B.C. elementary schools lasted until Grade 7, their height proved to be a bigger advantage than they could have ever anticipated.
“They play on eight-and-a-half-foot hoops,” they say, noting that in Toronto the rims were 10 feet. “We won an elementary school championship,” they say, chuckling.
In Grade 10 Komarniski decided to play their biggest player at point guard — with the approval of Olynyk's father.
The raw skill was there, as was a strong understanding of the fundamentals of the game but even those closest to them at the time didn't believe Olynyk was the type of player who seemed destined for the NBA.
Hardly typical of most prospects, they were approached by just three universities in that Grade 10 year: Cornell, Northeastern and BYU-Idaho. By their senior year of high school the number was between 40-45.
***
Tyler Ennis and Andrew Wiggins
Four thousand kilometres away, while Olynyk rose to prominence in the B.C. high school scene, a basketball boom was going down in their native Toronto as a generation of young players, heavily influenced by Vince Carter's time with the Raptors, were making headlines. The collective head of the basketball world craned upwards and was looking directly at the Greater Toronto Area as a potential new mecca of elite talent.
They would've had to look quickly though.
Anthony Bennett, Tristan Thompson, Cory Joseph, Andrew Wiggins and countless others all called the GTA home before leaving to play for U.S.-based high schools. Increased opportunity, more eyeballs and stiffer competition all drove the process.
Olynyk, aware of their talents and potential, stayed at South Kamloops.
“He was concerned,” Ken Olynyk admits. “He'd ask, ‘Who will ever see me play?'”
There are but a handful of high schools in Kamloops and Komarniski admits that their team could only play the local competition so many times before the games became “meaningless.”
But Olynyk wasn't going anywhere. “I wanted to finish out high school with all those guys that I'd grown up with and spent countless hours in the gym with, basically my whole life,” they say. “I owed it to them to come back and play with them.”
In their final year of high school, Olynyk underwent a massive growth spurt. Their father always believed that instead of being a traditional post-playing big man, they had to expand their toolbox, part of why they were on board with their son playing the point. They led their team to a third-place finish in the province. In the semifinal against St. George's (Vancouver), the SKSS Titans went down by 27 in the first half. Olynyk led the team back to a two-point lead with only seconds remaining. St. George's quickly scored to tie it up. The big man dribbled to centre and was about to attempt a shot when a collision occurred just as the horn sounded.
Olynyk was assessed a fifth and disqualifying foul. The Titans lost in overtime without their star; it was the first game they lost in Canada that season and only the second altogether.
Kelly would go on to win the MVP of the Provincial Tournament despite their team finishing third. It was the last game they played for South Kamloops.
Kelly Olynyk dribbles past Orlando Sanchez of the Dominican Republic during a FIBA game this year.
Before moving to Kamloops, Ken Olynyk had been the head coach of the University of Toronto's men's basketball team and Canadian men's junior national team. Their involvement in the national program provided them experience learning the international game.
“I thought for them to be a good player they should play like a European player plays,” they say, noting an important dinner they once shared with what was then the Yugoslavian National Team.
Their idea was that the best players were the ones that could get 15 points, 15 rebounds and 15 assists.
“So that was the premise we always worked with Kelly on: we wanted them to be a player that would make everyone else on the court better.”
Lawrie Johns, executive director at Basketball BC, first saw Olynyk play when they were in Grade 7 and immediately noticed that Olynyk was different. Sure, being 6-foot-3 would set anyone at that age apart. But the vision their father had for them as a multitooled player was already coming to fruition.
“He wasn't the typical big man that you stick in the middle of the key and throw them the ball with their back to the net and hope they do something,” Johns says. “He could shoot, they could dribble, they could run and that's a product of the coaching they had. They could do all that stuff but still play like a seven-footer in the key.”
Olynyk's talent was unmistakable. And surely, with more development in the province there will be more high-end prospects. Olynyk stayed in Kamloops despite worries that they wouldn't be recognized by scouts. Other players might not be as patient and loyal.
Johns admits that it is tough to keep highly touted players in the province and not have them go south of the border.
If Olynyk helped break the mould by not attending U.S. prep schools, that they stayed represents a Canadian basketball catch-22: those American programs will become that much more hungry when seeking out players and will likely extend more offers to players, fearful of being the school that misses out on the next Olynyk, or Steve Nash.
“Is there a time when a coach has to say, ‘It's time to move [a young player] to the next step?'” asks Johns. “That's a really gutty, really professional decision to make.”
But the battle to keep B.C.'s best basketball stars in the province isn't the only one they're currently fighting.
It's a simple notion: kids want to be stars and need to see stars they can model themselves after. Bennett, Wiggins, et al had Vince Carter. In B.C., Olynyk is the new hope.
It's why Olynyk makes regular trips back to Kamloops to run the Olynyk Klynyk, a camp for young players in the area; the seven-footer is the first role model that a new generation of basketball youth in B.C. have. Unsurprisingly, as they further establish themselves in the NBA, Olynyk sees a rise every year not only in enrolment numbers, but in interest in the sport in general.
Yet Olynyk understands how and why young players in B.C. could feel second fiddle to their Ontario counterparts. “Growing up in Toronto,” they explain, “there were a lot of opportunities: house leagues, rep leagues, summer leagues, schools, everyone was playing the game. In Kamloops, it wasn't like that.”
What's more, Canada being the geographical behemoth it is, young players not based in large cities have to travel that much farther for quality competition.
But Olynyk won't let that be an excuse for those following their path. “My dad always told me that if you were good enough, it didn't matter where you were playing,” they say. “They'll come find you. That really resonated.”
With a strong support system, their father and Komarniski held the (literal) key to their success in high school: both would open their respective gyms for them after hours to allow them to work on their game.
“I knew I was going to have to do a lot to get better and keep improving. You can't put your development in someone else's hands.”
Is Kelly Olynyk the model type of player that budding basketball stars in B.C. can aspire to?
Johns, of Basketball BC, thinks so.
“He became a Canadian Dirk Nowitzki,” they boast. “Kelly is to the big man in B.C. and now the rest of Canada what Steve Nash was to the little man in Canada. Steve transformed things and made the assist a really sexy thing. Kelly has made the seven-footer shooting three-pointers a pretty important thing.”
That emphasis on versatility and playing for your team epitomizes what Komarniski believes needs to happen for basketball in B.C. to thrive.
If players stay, perhaps everyone around them benefits.
“That permeates outwards and makes everyone around you better,” says Komarniski. “We can't be losing our best athletes to the South because they're the only place that can offer a quality program.”
Kelly Olynyk has never purported to be something he's not. He's a player with diverse talents from a surprising background. They play the game with a chip on their shoulder, born out of the years of coming to terms with the reality of their isolated basketball upbringing.
Far away from big cities, one of Canada's best and brightest young basketball stars had to make a name for themselves on their own. If he's the new role model for basketball in B.C., they believe in the process.
“It's going to be tough to put out volume,” Olynyk says, “but in terms of quality, I think we can rival Toronto. The more we work at it, the better players can get.”
And in the long run, forging a new basketball mecca in Canada outside of Toronto may be what really surprises people.
Washington Post reporter Carol Leonnig details the findings of a new House committee report on the state of the Secret Service in the wake of a string of humiliating security lapses. (Ashleigh Joplin/The Washington Post)
A man masquerading as a member of Congress walked into a secure backstage area without being properly screened and spoke with President Obama at an awards dinner last fall. Five days later, a woman walked backstage unchecked at a gala dinner where Obama was a featured guest. Months after that, two people strolled unnoticed past a Secret Service checkpoint into the first layer of the White House grounds.
The incidents were among a half-dozen previously undisclosed security breaches since 2013 that were detailed in an extensive, bipartisan congressional investigation of the inner workings of the Secret Service.
In a critical report to be released publicly Thursday, House investigators describe the once-elite force as an “agency in crisis” that has failed to fix many of the deeply ingrained problems exposed last year amid a string of humiliating security lapses, according to a copy of the report obtained by The Washington Post.
The report offers detailed assessments of the failings of the Secret Service during several well-publicized security incidents, including the agency's halting response to a 2011 shooting at the White House and an incident last year in which an armed man with an arrest record was able to board an elevator with Obama.
More broadly, the report assessed the Secret Service as an agency that remains deeply troubled, despite recent attempts at reform. It concludes that the service has a “staffing crisis,” with fewer personnel today than in 2014, when an administration panel recommended adding 280 new staff members and Director Joseph P. Clancy took over vowing to enact the reforms.
“The agency's recent public failures are not a series of isolated events, but the product of an insular culture that has historically been resistant to change,” states the report, compiled by the Republican and Democratic staffs of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
The staffing decline, which includes the uniformed-officer division that guards the White House, is “perhaps the greatest threat” to the Secret Service, the report says. Among other factors, the report points to past budget cuts and “systemic mismanagement” by the agency.
Although Clancy assured lawmakers earlier this year that there were “no greater priorities” for them than hiring the right number of staff, the agency's roster has dropped from 6,367 full-time employees at the end of September 2014 to 6,315 one year later — its lowest point in a decade.
Secret Service Director Joseph P. Clancy appeared before a Homeland Security joint subcommittee last month. (Jacquelyn Martin/AP)
Morale is “critically low,” contributing to a drop in personnel through attrition. The report also blames the decline on an inefficient hiring process that hampers recruitment of high-caliber staff.
“The high attrition rate means that the personnel who remain are significantly overworked, and morale is at an all-time low,” the report says. The report also warns that the agency's new hiring system “overburdens USSS with low quality applicants.”
The report also warns that Obama and 2016 presidential candidates face heightened danger if the administration does not swiftly fix the agency's problems.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), chairperson of the Oversight Committee, said the report should spur further action by the Obama administration.
“The situation is getting worse not better,” they said. “The president is in jeopardy, and they better personally get involved in fixing this.”
Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, and the panel's ranking Democrat, Rep. Elijah E. Cummings (Md.), hold a hearing in June. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP)
Rep. Elijah E. Cummings (Md.), the panel's ranking Democrat, said that they supported the report's findings but that it “may not be exactly how I would have written it.”
Cummings said he, too, is deeply concerned about the safety of the president and the first family and worries there is a cultural problem at the agency.
Cummings said Congress shares some blame for making some of the biggest funding cuts in agency history in 2011.
A Secret Service spokesperson said the agency received the report late Wednesday and would not comment until officials had time to review the full findings.
“The Secret Service recognizes that the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is legislatively mandated to exact oversight on the Secret Service,” said spokesperson David Iacovetti. “We are reviewing the report at this time and will carefully assess any recommendations made by the committee.”
The investigative report is highly critical of the Secret Service's management, saying its nature is to cover up problems and punish those who flag concerns. While Clancy has promised to encourage staff to come forward with their complaints, the report says they and their team have largely failed to set a new tone.
The agency “cannot repair itself without first restoring the trust of its employees and increasing personnel dramatically,” the report states. “Whether from missteps at the executive level or at the field office supervisor level, it is clear many of the rank-and-file have lost confidence in USSS's current leadership.”
The committee's probe uncovered a number of previously unreported breaches — including several that occurred about the time last fall that the agency was already under fire for its mistakes.
First lady Michelle Obama and President Obama greeted the audience at a Congressional Black Caucus Foundation dinner in 2014. (Susan Walsh/AP)
The most dramatic finding involved new details surrounding an incident at the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation's awards dinner in Washington on Sept. 27, 2014, in which a man gained entry by posing as Rep. Donald Payne Jr. (D-N.J.). The man got backstage past a distracted Secret Service staffer and then was escorted to meet and talk with Obama. The impersonator's entry to the event was reported at the time but not that they got so close to the president.
That incident came just days after a knife-wielding fence jumper had been able to race into the East Room of the White House. And it followed another high-profile breach, when an armed Centers for Disease Control and Prevention contractor with an arrest record was able to step onto an elevator and stand within arm's reach of Obama.
The new investigation also found that in October 2014, a day after Julia Pierson resigned under fire as director, a woman got backstage at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute's gala being attended by the president.
Seven days later, the House inquiry found, an employee was allowed to enter a Los Angeles hotel where Obama and senior adviser Valerie Jarrett were staying without being properly screened for weapons or having their bag checked.
Other previously unreported episodes affected other officials.
In April 2013, four people went fishing on a small lake in the back yard of Vice President Biden's Delaware home and were not discovered until neighbors called the Secret Service to report the security breach. The alarm system at Biden's home had been failing for some time.
In spring 2014, a Czech citizen with an expired visa entered the property of former president George H.W. Bush and stayed for an hour without being detected.
The report blasted Secret Service officials in several instances for failing to examine its own mistakes and asserted that Clancy and some of their predecessors had provided Congress with information that was inaccurate and incomplete concerning the extent of problems.
The report said Clancy gave inaccurate information about the incident involving the man on the elevator with Obama when they said no other armed security contractors came within close proximity to the president. But an internal review of the breach suggested that there were several unscreened and armed guards in the area.
The report noted that after the Secret Service took four days to discover that bullets from the November 2011 shooting had struck the White House residence, the agency's inspection team did not immediately open a file on the case. The division instead opened a file in October 2014, only after a Post report the previous month detailed the agency's handling of the incident, the report says.
Congressional investigators criticized testimony from former Secret Service director Mark Sullivan after the April 2012 scandal in which 13 agents were implicated in bringing prostitutes back to their hotel before the president's arrival in Colombia.
Sullivan, appearing about a month after the episode, assured lawmakers that the behavior of the agents and officers involved did not point to a larger cultural problem in which such behavior was tolerated by managers. But the investigation found that several agency employees had previously acknowledged to Secret Service investigators that they had engaged in similar misconduct elsewhere, including having had sex with foreign nationals in Italy, Russia, Ireland and New York City.
Sullivan could not be reached for comment.
The report cited a number of colorful e-mail exchanges between Secret Service staff suggesting that arranging liaisons with prostitutes was a widely known and accepted practice. Before the Colombia trip, one senior supervisor e-mailed 54 employees, cracking that the motto of the trip was “Una Mas Cerveza Por Favor,” Spanish for “one more beer, please.” In another note, an agent wrote to a colleague, “Swagg ­cologne-check/Pimp gear-check/Swagg sunglasses-check/Cash for dem hoes-check.”
The report said that the openness of the communication indicates that the Secret Service employees “did not believe their misconduct would be punished.”
The report said Clancy could move the agency forward but is hampered by being a 27-year veteran of the Service.
“The Committee believed — and still does — that new senior leadership from outside the agency would be best positioned to enact the reforms that the agency desperately needs,” the report said.
“USSS leadership needs to honestly acknowledge the problems plaguing the agency . . . because only then can the agency truly set about moving in the right direction.”
Rosalind S. Helderman and Julie Tate contributed to this report.
In 2014 the so-called Trojan horse scandal broke in Birmingham, when it was said that a group of hardline conservative Muslim governors and teachers had set out to systematically take over and “Islamify” state schools. At the heart of the lurid headlines was the Park View academy trust. For years, the school had effectively served a local Muslim community and successfully modelled an approach to education that had transformed academic attainment. It was so successful that it was encouraged to become an academy, take over nearby schools and extend its model, becoming responsible for three schools, with further expansion planned. Then, suddenly, instead of being lauded for its approach, it was condemned.
Over the past three years some of Park View's teaching staff have faced allegations of unacceptable professional conduct before the teacher regulator and there has been a series of misconduct cases. As a barrister I represented some of those involved. What those of us who defended staff members sought to demonstrate was that all Park View did, including having a prayer club and, yes it's true, playing a call to prayer on loudspeakers, was consistent with government guidance [pdf] and accepted practice. The same practices lauded in 2012 for engaging pupils were now being cited as evidence that something was badly wrong.
In May, teachers at the centre of the allegations were told that the conduct of the case against them was so bad that it would undermine public confidence in the regulatory process to publish any decision. The process was damaging for all concerned and has had no outcome.
When I took on these cases I had to overcome my own preconceived notion that a non-faith school should be a secular space. I attended two entirely secular state secondary schools. No prayers were said and assemblies, if they took place at all, were a series of notices followed by a song, not a hymn. To my mind, only faith schools “did God”.
Trojan horse affair: five lessons we must learn Read more
Peter Clarke, the former counter-terrorism police officer appointed by the government to investigate the goings on in Birmingham, seems to have shared my mistaken assumption. In their report the word “secular” is used to describe the educational space one would expect in a non-faith British state school. This mistake informed their whole approach to the central question: was there too much religion in the schools they were scrutinising?
After the publication of the Clarke report, the then secretary of state for Education, Michael Gove, led a debate in the Commons. They repeatedly emphasised that these were “secular” schools: “At one secular secondary school, staff told officials that the call to prayer was broadcast across the playground on loudspeakers … At another secular secondary school, inspectors described “a state of crisis”.
Prompted by this, MP after MP stood up to condemn this pernicious invasion of Islamic practice into secular space.
The truth, presumably known to Gove, is that there is no such thing as a state secular school in England. This position was set out succinctly in the evidence of Dr Marius Felderhof, of the standing advisory council on religious education, responsible for oversight of collective worship in state schools. At the regulatory inquiry they reminded the panel that every state school, including non-faith schools, must place at its heart an acknowledgment of the divine.
Gove must know that it has been a requirement in law since the 1944 Education Act for every child in every school to participate every day in an act of collective worship. Current guidance begins with a preamble: “The government is concerned that insufficient attention has been paid explicitly to the spiritual, moral and cultural aspects of pupils' development, and would encourage schools to address how the curriculum and other activities might best contribute to this crucial dimension of education.”
On collective worship we are told: “Collective worship in schools should aim to provide the opportunity for pupils to worship God, to consider spiritual and moral issues and to explore their own beliefs; to encourage participation and response.”
This was all presumably known by Gove. Yet the parliamentary debate was led on the basis that what had happened in Birmingham was unacceptable in “secular” schools. It may be that this arose from incompetence or misunderstanding but I suspect Matthew Parris got it right in 2014 when they said of Gove: “Something in their brain flips when Islamic extremism is mentioned.”
Trojan horse school case based on misinformation, tribunal told Read more
In my view, this damaging misrepresentation of the facts cast a pall over the entire regulatory process and poisoned the public debate about what had happened in Birmingham. It featured in the debate from the outset and was reinforced by the secretary of state for education. That perception has never been corrected.
What has the Trojan horse affair achieved? Have great swaths of British Muslim children been saved from a path that leads inexorably towards terrorism? Well, no. Because they weren't on that path in the first place.
It is easy to say we must not pander to extremism and it must be challenged at all costs. Saying it has political benefits – but also societal costs. Those who say this chooses not to understand that the Park View culture was one of challenge. Pupils were encouraged into school with the reassurance that their faith and their culture would be respected. Once there, and engaged in education, they were challenged. Park View pupils stood on stage and performed with Pink Floyd, they stayed at Russell Group universities, they sailed yachts on the Norfolk Broads. Best of all, Park View pupils were given the gift of educational attainment.
Those who spout the easy words do not appreciate the cost of what has happened. A successful approach to achieving engagement with mainstream education by the more socially conservative members of our society has been trashed. The successor school to Park View, Rockwood, has a different approach to integration and British values – for example, it has introduced a cadet force.
Homeschooling is on the rise. Those parents who were anxious that their child's religion and culture should be afforded proper space and respect at school may have withdrawn them from state education. Park View had developed a system that reached out to a conservative Muslim population and drew them into participation in wider society. Those from the most conservative backgrounds are now at risk of being driven back to homeschooling and the madrasa.
This is the true cost of the populist simplistic message put out by politicians – we are driven further apart at a time when what we need most is to forge friendships and understanding across our multicultural society.
Andrew Faux is a barrister and co-director of The Reflective Practice
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) acted like a “bully” when they invoked the “nuclear option” to eliminate the filibuster on Thursday, according to Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY).
“I think what we really need is an anti-bullying ordinance in the Senate,” Paul told CNN's Wolf Blitzer. “I mean, now we've got a big bully, Harry Reid says he's just going to break the rules and make new rules. Never been done this way before.”
Democrats voted against upholding filibuster rules, rendering only a simple majority of votes necessary to end a filibuster, with the exception of Supreme Court nominees.
But Paul argued the D.C. Circuit Court doesn't face a heavy enough case load to merit confirming President Barack Obama's judicial nominees, whose filibusters prompted Reid to resort to the “nuclear option.” They also accused the majority leader of moving on rules reform in order to distract from problems plaguing the Affordable Care Act.
“He's got to have everything their way, he's got to control everything,” Paul said of Reid. “This is more about them trying to control the agenda and shift it away from Obamacare than it is anything else.”
Republicans suggested that their colleagues would face retribution for the rules change. Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) said Democrats would “pay a heavy, heavy price” for the reform, while Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) declared on the Senate floor that their party wouldn't hesitate to eliminate the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees once they regain a majority.
[h/t Politico]
One of the hallmarks of conservative commentary over the past few years has been the impressive ability of right-wing pundits to adhere to several different and contradictory caricatures of President Obama without suffering the slightest hint of cognitive dissonance.
To the conservative mind, the president can be, depending on the situation, a bumbling dupe who is completely outmatched by the demands of the office (see: any foreign policy issue), or they can be a brilliantly devious schemer who delicately manipulates the machinery of government to achieve their nefarious ends (see: the IRS scandal). They can be a bloodless monster who will sacrifice lives to protect themselves politically (see: Benghazi), or an overly sensitive softie (see: this stupid column).
Advertisement:
If you've been paying attention to some of the commentary over the past month or so, you've probably hit upon another caricature: Obama the checked-out, disengaged pseudo-president who does nothing but vacation and play golf “while the world burns.” Late last month, the Daily Caller's Matt Lewis wrote a column arguing that Obama “seems to be prematurely packing their bags in hopes for an early departure.” Fox News even conducted a poll asking respondents: “Do you think Barack Obama wants to be president anymore?” (Forty-one percent said “no.”)
Well, Obama's vacation has come to an end, and he's transitioned from a golf-crazy layabout who doesn't even want to preside over the nation into a tyrannical pseudo-king who is ramming their socialist policies down the national gullet.
The socialist tyranny in question is “a sweeping international climate change agreement to compel nations to cut their planet-warming fossil fuel emissions,” as reported by the New York Times. Conservatives, who tend to believe that climate change is a scam and international cooperation undermines “American Exceptionalism,” lost their minds. “Obama's Lawless, Heartless Climate Treaty” was the headline at Commentary. “Obama's new power grab: A climate change treaty without Senate ratification,” screamed Hot Air.
The accusations of “lawlessness” come from the novel approach the administration has to take in order to make progress on climate policy independently of Republicans in Congress. When it comes to slowing or reversing the impact of climate change, nothing can be done without the United States taking the lead role. The entire world realizes this, but, according to the Times, they also know that the U.S. will never ratify any sort of binding treaty on climate change because doing so would require a supermajority of the U.S. Senate, where there are more than enough Republicans to make sure that never happens:
“There's a strong understanding of the difficulties of the U.S. situation, and a willingness to work with the U.S. to get out of this impasse,” said Laurence Tubania, the French ambassador for climate change to the United Nations. “There is an implicit understanding that this not require ratification by the Senate.”
So congratulations, Senate Republicans: The planet-destroying obstructionism you practice out of obeisance to the petroleum industry is the stuff of global renown.
The argument that Obama's climate agreement is “lawless” isn't quite accurate. Per the Times, the plan is to update an existing treaty from 1992 and secure “voluntary pledges” from other nations, thus (in the White House's view) obviating the need for Senate action. And as Newsweek explains, there is actually a heretofore unutilized section of the Clean Air Act that allows the U.S. to enter into precisely such agreements, and without the approval of Congress.
Advertisement:
But, as Steve Benen points out, U.S. participation in any such agreement would be dependent entirely upon who is sitting in the Oval Office. “The obvious policy downside – aside from all the congressional complaining – is that a long-term climate policy would no doubt be undone the next time there's a Republican president in the White House.” And there's no guarantee that an agreement of any kind will coalesce, as this is all still very much in the preliminary phase.
The people who insist upon calling this a “power grab” are actually missing the point; this is the administration opting for weaker policy options because the problem is too important to leave unresolved, and something is better than nothing. “Such an accord would likely fall short of the deep emissions cuts needed to stave off the planet's warming by more than 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit (2 degrees Celsius) over pre-industrial levels — the ceiling that world leaders agreed to in Copenhagen in 2009,” writes Rebecca Leber at the New Republic. To craft any sort of policy with teeth, the Republicans would have to reverse course on climate change and become constructive agents of governance. And that's just not going to happen.
But, for the person who thinks that Obama does nothing “while the world burns,” here they are doing something to address the actual increase in temperature of the actual world.
The NRA lunatics seem to have settled on their counterpoint theme to the outcry for some kind of gun control. In their twisted little minds, we should simply arm the teachers, and make sure everyone has access to a gun.
Yep, that's the answer. MORE guns. Guns for everybody! Too many guns to count, just arm them all and let's see who's the last one standing.
It's unspeakably stupid, and it's the last thing our schools need right now. Will we also require teachers to wear bulletproof vests while they're teaching their classes in case there's a shootout between the teacher in the classroom next door and some insane crazed lunatic with a weapon that should never have been invented, much less used by a civilian?
Last summer, I spent time in Detroit at the American Federation of Teachers convention. As I walked around the convention center I picked up snippets of conversations here and there. More than once, teachers expressed concern that they could not keep the children safe if their class sizes were too big. You may recall that Mitt Romney, Michelle Rhee, and other "reformers" are all fans of large public school classes, provided the teacher is "competent."
I wonder how they would measure those teachers' competence in the area of shielding 40 kids from a crazed gunman with a couple of assault rifles? Let's assume those teachers took some district-mandated gun safety course and carried a gun with them in the classroom -- an odious thought. Salon's Alex Sietz-Wald spent some time looking at the question of whether carrying guns is an effective defense when the bad guy has the element of surprise. Their conclusions will not surprise you. The answer is an emphatic "NO."
The truth is that it's extremely difficult for anyone, let alone a lightly trained and inexperienced civilian, to effectively respond to a shooter. The entire episode can take a matter of seconds and your body is fighting against you: Under extreme stress, reaction time slows, heart rate increases and fine motor skills deteriorate. Police train to build muscle memory that can overcome this reaction, but the training wears off after only a few months if not kept up. In 2009, ABC's “20/20″ demonstrated the problem with a clever experiment. They recruited a dozen or so students, gave them gun training that was more comprehensive than what most states require for concealed carry permits, and then entrusted them with a gun and told them they would have to fend off a shooter later that day. Separating them, they placed each one in a real classroom with other “students” (actually study compatriots). When a gunman burst in and started shooting, each student tried to respond by drawing their or their gun. Every single student failed, including several who had had years of practice shooting guns, and they all got shot (fortunately, it was just paintball bullets in real handguns). The truth, as difficult as it is to accept, is that it's often impossible to stop a shooter no matter how many guns are present. John Hinckley Jr. managed to nearly kill Ronald Reagan and permanently disable James Brady despite the fact that they were surrounded by dozens of heavily armed men with the best training imaginable. The only way to stop the incident would have been to prevent the offender from getting guns in the first place.
The entire article is the one long read you should indulge in today. Seitz-Wald does a terrific job of debunking the myths about defensive shooting in an already-chaotic scene, and cites cases where highly trained police have reacted with a tragic result of shooting innocent bystanders instead of the perpetrator.
Arming teachers isn't the answer. Scapegoating teachers isn't the answer. Supporting teachers, making sure they have adequate security, an evacuation plan, enough teachers' aides and a manageable class size is about the best anyone can do. For all of the stories of tragedy told over the past few days, there are also stories of heroism, of teachers shoving the kids into bathrooms and closets, keeping them safe and shielding them with their bodies.
This is what teachers do. It's what they're trained to do. It's why they're teachers. Arming them is not the answer. Supporting them is.
I stated above that the new form of the UpdatePosition method helps prevent bugs of the type mentioned. The pattern essentially provides a framework for writing safer code, but does not provide an instant cure. To illustrate this, say that UpdatePosition was called somewhere in code in the following manner:
string accountRef = ...; string stockId = ...; int positionChange = ...; int newPosition = (int)_accountDb .UpdatePosition((AccountRef)accountRef, (StockId)stockId, (PositionChange)positionChange);
This is a minor improvement over the equivalent call and at least the casts force the programmer to think a bit more. However, the full benefit will only be accrued should these types be used throughout the code, except where impossible to do so - for example, when interacting directly with a database, or UI controls or another system that does not understand these types. In such cases, conversion to the strong type should take place as soon as possible, and no API of any kind - even if it's just an internal class - should use anything other than strong types.
The benefits of strong typing go far beyond simply reducing ambiguity in method signatures. The act of encapsulation allows one to alter the underlying data type much more easily than would otherwise be the case. If it were decided that a position were better represented using a double or long rather than an int as it has been above then doing so by changing the data member in Position would be considerably less impactful than needing to change everywhere that an int is used to store a position. There might be places where casting to or from an int might need to be addressed, but finding those places should be straightforward using a modern IDE.
Another benefit of encapsulating is the ability to perform constraint checking. If, for example, an account reference were expected to be three uppercase letters followed by three digits, then the constructor of AccountRef could be made to check that. Clearly, such a check can be made somewhere against a raw string . But the question is what is then responsible for performing that check. If just a string were used then any method handling account references would need to perform the constraint checking or just hope the value is in the correct format. On the other hand, if AccountRef is used by such methods then the correct format is guaranteed by contract. This approach also guarantees that format errors are detected as soon as they are made and not embedded deeper in the code - if, for instance, the text from a text-entry UI control is immediately cast to an AccountRef after a user has entered it, then the error will be presented to the user there and then rather than materialising deeper in the process or in another process.
Yet another advantage of encapsulation is implied by the provision of the Position.Adjust method. Though there is nothing to prevent a developer from casting to int , doing the maths and then constructing a new Position instance, the presence of this method defines the correct usage pattern when adjusting positions.
Further ways in which strong typing can help with changing existing code can be illustrated by way of an example. Say there is an interface to a reporting system, which, among other things, allows for the reporting of overall position changes for a stock:
namespace Demo { public interface IPositionReporter { void ReportPositionUpdate(StockId stockId, Position newPosition); } }
Now let's also say that we start trading futures contracts as well as stocks, and we represent futures using the strong type FutureId that, like StockId , uses an underlying type of string . Adding a method for reporting futures position updates is as straightforward as providing an override to ReportPositionUpdate that takes a FutureId instead of a StockId . If both IDs had been represented by a type of string , then a new method name would be required (e.g. ReportFuturesPositionUpdate ). Not only would the code become more verbose, there would also then be a decision required as to whether or not to rename the stock-reporting method to be consistent with the naming of the new method. Renaming would possibly widen the impact of adding the new method particularly if this were a public API. Not renaming would make the existing method usage ambiguous - there's nothing to say it's only for stock position reporting. And, again, either way we have the now-familiar issue that there's nothing the compiler can do to stop you from calling the wrong method.
A different modification to the reporting system might be that there's a request to display a stock using a friendly name rather than an ID (e.g. "Google Inc." instead of "GOOG"). A new type of StockName could be added, again with an underlying type of string , and the interface adjusted to:
namespace Demo { public interface IPositionReporter { void ReportPositionUpdate(StockName stockName, Position newPosition); } }
This would break existing code such that it would no longer compile. Had a string been used for stock ID and stock name, then that would not be the case. However, the break is a good thing as it makes it a lot easier to analyse existing code and determine the changes required so that the correct data is reported.
The downsides of strong typing Adding these new types will clearly increase the size of your codebase and binaries. How much of a real issue this is though is a moot point, and unless you have a very large number of these types then the benefits will almost definitely outweigh this negative. Remember that using them will reduce the amount of repeated constraint-checking code required should string or int be used instead. Probably the biggest barrier to using these types is generating them in the first place, especially if you want the types to be comparable as well as equatable. Once generated, they tend to be very low maintenance. But the initial generation can be a pain, particularly if you have a number of them and particularly in C#. Below we look at possible ways of defining these types without having to write too much boiler-plate code. However, even if you find yourself having to write this boiler-plate code, I would argue that the improvements to your code-base you get from using strong typing are worth it. In addition, using strong typing will reduce code required elsewhere to check constraints and reduce the amount of unit-testing required.
The definition of strong types in different languages Both Scala and C++ have language features that can reduce the amount of work involved in defining these types. In Scala you could perhaps use case classes which provide default definitions of certain operators in terms of the class parameters provided: package Demo case class AccountRef(private val value: String) Whilst in C++, Boost's BOOST_STRONG_TYPEDEF will allow you to define a type in terms of another, giving equatability and comparability. This is shown below with the addition of a hash_value function which will allow the type to be used in std::unordered_set or as a key in std::unordered_map when used in conjunction with boost::hash . #include <boost/functional/hash.hpp> #include <boost/serialization/strong_typedef.hpp> namespace Demo { BOOST_STRONG_TYPEDEF(std::string, AccountRef); std::size_t hash_value(AccountRef const& accountRef) { boost::hash<std::string> hasher; return hasher(static_cast<std::string>(accountRef)); } } However, although BOOST_STRONG_TYPEDEF will define a type which will prevent a string being passed to a method expecting an AccountRef , implicit conversions in other circumstances (such as assignment) are possible. Defining a variation on BOOST_STRONG_TYPEDEF that ensures that explicit conversions are required should be straightforward, however, and such a macro could probably include a standard definition of the hash_value function. In C#, though, there are no handy short-cuts. However, the pain can be alleviated to a degree by using code templates for generation, and to this end you'll find ready-made templates for use in Visual Studio and Visual Studio Code in our code templates repository on GitHub.
The race finally has a winner.
Cal coach Sonny Dykes named Jared Goff the starting quarterback for Cal football on Friday.
“We have had a fiercely contested competition for our starting quarterback position,” Dykes said. “It's important to name a starter and give them the reps they need to be prepared to play. We feel that right now, Jared Goff gives us the best chance to be successful as a team, but we are very fortunate to have three outstanding quarterbacks we feel we can be successful with.”
The announcement means that the true first-year student will be getting all the first team reps in practices from here on out and will start when Cal opens the season against Northwestern on Aug. 31.
The 6-foot-4 prospect from Marin Catholic High School has wowed in training camp with their touch and accuracy. Because they ran a similar offensive system in high school, their transition to Sonny Dykes' system has been smooth. Though they haven't shown some of the big play ability first-year student Zach Kline often showed, Goff's consistency was unmatched.
“I'm honored to get the chance to start for Cal and am I looking forward to going out and helping the team win,” Goff said. “I'm super excited and ready to get rolling. My competitors are great quarterbacks as well. It was a tremendous competition that has helped all us become better quarterbacks.”
To understand the facts about black widow mating, you must first understand that there are many different species worldwide in the black-widow group (the genus Latrodectus), and three different black widow species in the United States alone, two in the east and one in the west (not counting the brown and red widows). These species do not all behave alike. Moreover, in the past most observations of mating took place in laboratory cages, where males could not escape.
The only known Latrodectus species in which mate cannibalism in nature is the rule, not the exception, are in the Southern Hemisphere. Of U.S. species, mate cannibalism occurs sometimes in Latrodectus mactans, the eastern (southern) black widow, but most males survive to mate another day. In the other two black species, including the western black widow L. hesperus (only species west of Kansas), mate cannibalism has never been observed in the wild!
Building a Community, Building Hype
From Crowdfunding to "Supporter Packs"
"We've been careful when designing the game so there's no paying for game content or advantage in the game. We've purposefully divorced any game mechanics from the monetization."
Where Things Get Weird
Over 5 million people have signed up to Path of Exile . "Roughly" 1.2 million people are expected to play its next expansion during the month of its release, Chris Wilson, managing director of Grinding Gear Games, its developer, tells Gamasutra.The game -- a-esque dungeon crawler -- is completely free-to-play. Its microtransactions are entirely cosmetic and have no effect on the gameplay -- and its gameplay is tuned like a premium game, with no stopgaps or gates. Yet its developers are wildly successful.How doeswork?was in development for seven years before it was released -- and for four of those, Grinding Gear Games did no press at all. Even when it began to reach out to journalists, the New Zealand-based team had little budget for promotion and few connections, and the game flew in under the radar.That didn't stop Wilson from pushing forward with their own community efforts -- which they are still directly hands-on with. "I like to handle it myself, to make sure the message is consistent with our company values and also because I really enjoy talking to our community," they say. They post on the game's forums, its blog, and also on Reddit.Over the years, they have published "constant news updates" to the game's website, and made sure to publicize any and all announcements the team would make about the game. "We incrementally built the size of the community over time by essentially just keeping at it," Wilson says.It's not the case that the game has ever had a spike in signups, they say, but a slow constant upward trajectory -- "building on what had come before," says Wilson.What has driven's success is its monetization model -- which is quite different than many other free-to-play games. It evolved naturally over time, Wilson explains.There are no gates or delay mechanisms, and no pay-to-win mechanics. All microtransaction items are purely cosmetic -- a style that's often said not to play well with Western gamers despite its popularity in Asia.It's the "supporter packs" that the company sells which have driven player interest in that, says Wilson.When the game went into its first closed beta, the community had been building for some time. The studio had decided to give out a very limited number of beta keys: no more than 100 per day, when the community already had hundreds of thousands of registered users.Prospective players started to "beg" the team to sell access to the game, Wilson says."We didn't like the idea at first," they say, so the team did a crowdfunding campaign through thesite. The $10 tier allowed players to access the beta -- and the campaign ended up netting the company over $2.5 million.That campaign has metamorphosed into a permanent rewards-based structure for monetization: "it's more our business model than crowdfunding" at this point, says Wilson.Players can buy time-limited supporter packs that contain credit for microtransaction purchases as well special perks. For example, the Warrior Pack ( on sale now for $120 on the game's site) includes exclusive cosmetic in-game items as well as a digital soundtrack and a special title on the game's forums. It also comes with 1100 points -- the equivalent of $110 in in-game currency -- which can be used for microtransaction purchases.Currently, the cheapest supporter pack the developer offers is $50, and the most expensive goes for $900. Players can also buy credits in increments as low as $5.This mix of rewards and currency has proven instrumental in monetizing the game with its player base. "People are inclined to buy supporter packs and then buy microtransactions with the credit they get from those packs," says Wilson.While microtransactions already offer "enough money to run the company on," the supporter packs mean that "fans are more inclined to donate larger amounts of money to the project," Wilson says. "There's a sense of urgency... with the supporter packs."He also maintains that players want to "support" the game because its free-to-play model was designed to have no detrimental effects on gameplay."We've been careful when designing the game so there's no paying for game content or advantage in the game," they say. "We've purposefully divorced any game mechanics from the monetization."His conclusion? "They give us money because they like what we're doing." Wilson says they agree with a lot of other game developers who are free-to-play skeptics, and that their studio's "philosophy was that if you were going to the shop and buying a retail game using the old model, you'd expect a lot of value form that box," and that's how it approached's development.The expense of the high-tier packs is notable, however. Still, says Wilson, the company has been careful to monitor the spending of its whales.He speaks of a time-limited kiwi pet that cost $1,000 and "became such a status symbol" that it sold out quickly. But they also say that their players estimate their likely microtransaction spend over a long period of time and go for the supporter pack that will enable them to play over that period after making that careful consideration.Players have even approached Grinding Gear about putting more expensive supporter packs on payment plans, an idea that the studio does entertain. When that happens, "we look at the situation behind it," says Wilson.The studio has turned away players who have attempted to live beyond their means, they say.'s second set of supporter packs included one that sold for $12,500 but also generated a lot of interest from players who couldn't afford it. "We had to make a few judgment calls. If you can't spend $12,500 at one time... several of those offers, we had to turn down," says Wilson. Grinding Gear ended up "encouraging people to buy cheaper packs they can afford now."The company has not since sold such an expensive pack, they say.When it comes to their player base, says Wilson, "I don't think they're generally spending more than they can afford. We just make sure we're not accepting any offers that make it seem like that's the case."
DFB-Pokal, 1. Runde: Wölfe am Abend
VfB und Fortuna locker - Wölfe und Löwen mühevoll
Ab 18.30 Uhr galt es für vier Zweitligisten! Der VfB Stuttgart feierte in Homburg einen Arbeitssieg, während die Düsseldorfer Fortuna nicht ohne Glück bei Hansa Rostock triumphierte. Ein Duell auf Augenhöhe gab es in München zwischen den Löwen und dem Karlsruher SC, das die Sechziger dank eines späten Treffers für sich entschieden. Zum Abschluss ärgerte Zweitligaabsteiger FSV Frankfurt den vermeintlich übermächtigen VfL Wolfsburg, schied letztlich aber dennoch aus.
Jubelnde Schwaben: Christian Gentner (re.) freut sich über das 1:0. © picture alliance
Der VfB Stuttgart ging bei Regionalligist FC Homburg als turmhoher Favorit an den Start, wurde dieser Rolle dann aber nur teilweise gerecht. Die Schwaben erspielten sich zwar rasch klare Feldvorteile und hatten folglich auch mehr vom Spiel, echte Torgefahr entwickelte der VfB gegen aufopferungsvoll kämpfende Homburger aber nicht. Lediglich Terodde (11., 15.) und Klein mit einem Pfostentreffer (23.) sorgten für Aufregung. Nach Wiederanpfiff rückte der VfB die Verhältnisse dann aber doch ins rechte Licht: Gentner brach in der 53. Minute den Bann, ehe Özcan einen Konter mustergültig vollendete und die Vorentscheidung herbeiführte (58.). Is Stuttgarter Sieg war danach nicht mehr zu rütteln, sodass die Partie ziemlich ereignislos zu Ende ging - mit einer Ausnahme: Der eingewechselte Tashchy sorgte für den standesgemäßen 3:0-Endstand (87.).
Sobottka: Erst fragwürdig, dann wuchtig
Ausgeglichen ging es in Rostock zwischen dem FC Hansa und Fortuna Düsseldorf zu - allerdings war der Drittligist nicht unbedingt mit dem Glück im Bunde: In der 21. Minute rettete Henn zunächst noch vor der Linie gegen Sobottka, der den Abpraller anschließend zwar unabsichtlich, dafür aber eindeutig mit der Hand über die Linie drückte. Trotz aller Proteste der Rostocker gab Schiedsrichter Frank Willenborg den Treffer. Mit der Führung im Rücken konnten die Fortunen sich zurückziehen und auf Konter lauern. Das 2:0 fiel aber nach einer Ecke, wieder war es Sobottka, diesmal wuchtig per Kopf und ohne Diskussionen (57.). Als dann Bebou eine Flanke von rechts per Kopf zum 3:0 veredelte (62.) war die Partie gelaufen.
Aigner glänzt am Geburtstag
Tor und Vorlage: Stefan Aigner. © picture alliance
In München trafen mit 1860 und dem Karlsruher SC zwei Zweitligisten direkt aufeinander. Das Spiel selbst war anfangs noch von einer ruppigen Gangart geprägt, wurde mit zunehmender Dauer aber unterhaltsamer. Das Duell wogte hin und her, wenngleich die Badener einen Tick gefälliger waren, dann aber eiskalt erwischt wurden: Matmour bediente Kapitän Aigner, der an seinem 29. Geburtstag einnetzte (60.). Die Freude über die Führung währte aber nicht lange, denn Diamantakos war bei einer Flanke zur Stelle und stellte auf 1:1 (67.). In der Folge war die Begegnung völlig offen. Die Entscheidung viel jedoch noch in der regulären Spielzeit: Der agile Aigner setzte Matmour in Szene, der in der zweite Minute der Nachspielzeit doch noch den vielumjubelten 2:1-Siegtreffer markierte.
Frankfurter Aufholjagd bleibt unbelohnt
Das Spätspiel zwischen dem FSV Frankfurt und dem VfL Wolfsburg, bei dem Neuzugang Gomez noch nicht im Kader stand, geriet lange Zeit zu einem Langweiler. Das lag einerseits daran, dass die Wölfe nach Schäfers Eigentor (5.) und Dosts Abstauber (16.) sehr früh mit 2:0 in Führung gingen, und andererseits am zu großen Respekt des Drittligisten. Diesen legte der FSV dann aber nach Wiederanpfiff ab und das Spiel wurde interessanter. Der Anschlusstreffer von Schleusener in der 52. Minute half dabei kräftig mit. Der VfL hatte nach dem 1:2 seine liebe Mühe, wirkte ein wenig lethargisch und geriet in Gefahr. Weil aber Chihi (69.) und der eingewechselte Barry (85.) hochklassige Chancen ungenutzt ließen, brachten die Niedersachsen, bei denen Mayoral als Einwechselspieler sein Debüt feierte, ihren Vorsprung über die Runden und dürften das Spiel unter dem Strich als Arbeitssieg verbuchen.
drm
Consumer Spending Update: Confidence in Personal Finances Hits Four-Year High
Consumers are seeing green again when it comes to rating the economy and their own personal finances, but that doesn't necessarily mean they're ready to start spending more.
The Rasmussen Reports Economic Rating Index is up nearly five points from last month to 157.3, just one point shy of March's highest level of confidence in the economy since 2014. Immediately following the 2016 presidential election, enthusiasm about the economy started to grow and has been on the upswing for six of the last eight months. In President Obama's final year in office, economic ratings ranged from 112.7 to 122.9.
(Want a free daily e-mail update? If it's in the news, it's in our polls). Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook.
The survey of 1,500 American Adults was conducted on July 5, 2017 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 2.5 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence. Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, LLC. See methodology.
OR
THE Queensland Government will need to pay at least $5 million to entice English giants Manchester United to Brisbane next year.
The hugely popular Red Devils are planning to tour Australia next July to prepare for the 2013-14 English Premier League season.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson reportedly wants to play two matches, with Brisbane, Sydney and Melbourne all in the running.
The preference is for both games to involve an A-League All-Star XI rather than Australian club sides.
Events Queensland officials have already met with Football Federation Australia and Manchester United delegates about hosting a match at Suncorp Stadium.
"FFA approached EQ to hear an overview of Manchester United's plans for Asia and potentially Australia in 2013," an EQ spokesperson told The Courier-Mail yesterday.
"EQ is considering the opportunity and no decision has yet been made."
It's understood United, who are also planning to play two matches in Asia as part of the four-match pre-season tour, want to make a decision by Christmas at the latest.
With each game in Australia to reportedly attract more than $12 million in revenue, it would service as a massive boost for Queensland's ailing tourism industry.
The match would be an almost certain sellout at the 52,500-capacity Suncorp Stadium despite the cheapest ticket likely to cost $100.
A recent survey claimed that Manchester United had 659 million followers worldwide, 325 million of which hail from the Asia Pacific region.
But the sticking point could be the millions required to bring the 19-time English champions to Brisbane despite the prospect of the event returning more than double in profit.
The State Government is already refusing to pay to ensure Queensland hosts two State of Origin rugby league matches next year despite a Victorian $2.5 million bid to buy a Maroons-Blues clash.
Queensland Premier Campbell Newman last week said that paying extra for State of Origin matches would further hurt women's sport, which they considered was already a "poor cousin".
If an All-Stars A-League side was picked today, it would feature new Sydney FC recruit Alessandro Del Piero, as well as a sprinkling of Brisbane Roar players, including Johnny Warren medallist Thomas Broich and mercurial striker Besart Berisha.
Originally published as $5 million needed to get Man U
New York's Sex Diaries series asks anonymous city dwellers to record a week in their sex lives — with comic, tragic, often sexy, and always revealing results. This week, a 42-year-old married man with a young lover: male, 42, Chappaqua, married, straight.
DAY ONE
4:45 a.m. I am a trader, and I live in Chappaqua, so I wake up at the ass crack of dawn and sneak out of the house without waking the wife or kids. They prefer it this way since it's so damn early.
7 a.m. First Starbucks triple latte of the day. Settled into my desk. Let's go!
4:20 p.m. The market was not my friend. Get me the fuck home.
DAY TWO
4:45 a.m. Same evil wake-up call. I've been doing this for 20 years; you'd think I'd be used to it. You'd also think I'd be richer. We just moved out here to the ‘burbs. It's a big house in the safest possible neighborhood. The wife likes it. My two young children like it. Me? I'm not about to run for mayor, but I don't need to burn the town down, either.
4:30 p.m. Every other Tuesday, I go to physical therapy for an old back injury. But the wife thinks I go every Tuesday. This is not a PT Tuesday. This is a Brie Tuesday. Brie is my special ladyfriend: We met at a fund-raiser about six months ago, and they are 24. It is pure sex. And money. She's not a proper escort, but they might as well be.
5 p.m. We meet at a midtown hotel and quickly down two dirty martinis each at the bar — it's a solid routine. We never touch at the bar because, in case I'm ever spotted, I have a pre-rehearsed story that Brie is my niece. My real niece goes to Columbia, so it would make perfect sense if it ever got back to the wifey. The hotel is also right near my physical therapy, so I'm covered that way.
5:30 p.m. In the hotel room, I always go down on Brie for as long as they let me. Today it's about 15 minutes. I love them pussy. It is very pretty and smells like cotton candy. We have sex missionary-style on the hotel bed and come together after about 12 minutes, if I'm being honest.
5:42 p.m. I take a quick shower.
5:50 p.m. I give Brie $600 after every time I see them This is because (1) they handle the hotel room, which can cost up to $350, (2) they have to cab it to Brooklyn, where they live, and (3) I'm happy to give their spending cash.  They are a part-time nanny for a Park Slope family and doesn't make a lot. I'm no fool, I know it sounds like she's a hooker, but it's really not like that. And if it is, fuck it, I don't care.
7:30 p.m. Home. Wife and kids are so preoccupied with bath time that I don't have to lie about what I did at PT … because no one asks.
9 p.m. I go to bed hours before my wife. All good in the hood.
DAY THREE
4:45 a.m. Motherfuckin' alarm.
12 p.m. It's been a tumultuous day, work-wise.
4:30 p.m. Get me out of Dodge and straight to … SLT. I love SLT.
6:30 p.m. I meet the family for pizza in the town next door. My kids are my life. And no, I don't think about Brie at all. I'm able to fuck them every other Tuesday and leave it at that. No texting. No sexting. No missing each other. No trouble.
10:30 p.m. When all the kids are asleep, my wife and I cuddle in bed. I have a massive boner. We've been together for a decade, so the sex isn't what it was, but it's still pretty good. Last year I got “snipped,” so we're still enjoying the freedom of that. I fuck them from behind while rubbing their clit hard, around and around, how they like it. Brief flashes of Brie, but nothing I can't handle.
DAY FOUR
4:45 a.m. Fuck my tedious life.
12 p.m. Market blows.
5 p.m. Drinks with a buddy down in Tribeca. They say their new girlfriend is coming in a little while. This guy is in the middle of a gnarly divorce, so I'm glad to see he's getting some … in the butt. Yep, they and new girl are into ass-play, they tell me. Mostly hers, a little his. Whatever floats your boat, brah.
6 p.m. I just can't take their new ladyfriend seriously knowing they like to take it in the tushy.
9 p.m. On the Metro-North home, I'm just glad to be married.
DAY FIVE
4:45 a.m. I look at my phone, and there's a voice-mail from “Joseph Hedgefund.” Guess who Joseph Hedgefund is? It's the name of a certain soft cheese. Brie must have drunk-dialed me late last night. In the past, this would have really pissed me off, but I'm too tired to get riled up at the moment.
6:30 a.m. I listen to their message from the car:  They are wasted and says they want to see me and to “choke” — on my cock. We've done some bondage stuff before — it's mostly me getting whipped and emasculated and shit, but sometimes we tie them up, too. They have more than once requested to choke on my cock, so I shove it down their throat until she's all drooling and lightly gagging. For some reason they love it. Fun times.
5 p.m. I'm meeting the wife and kids at our place in the Berkshires straight from work, so I head there as soon as the market closes. I can't wait to play with my kids all weekend.
8 p.m. Wife has made spaghetti and meatballs, and there's a Chianti open. We play with the kids, put everyone to sleep, and make love.
DAY SIX
8 a.m. Oh, sleep, I love you. I fucking love you.
12 p.m. We play outside all day. Tag, hide-and-seek, etc.
4 p.m. We go into town for Chinese food — my kids go crazy for Chinese food. Looking at my wife and spawn, I'm a happy man. These happy, healthy days make me wonder if the Brie thing is in fact a good thing for my marriage. It's just the right release to keep things balanced.
DAY SEVEN
9 a.m. Sleep, marry me.
3 p.m. Another missed call from Joseph Hedgefund. Now I'm getting pissed. I've been up front about my situation and limitations from the start. In the voice-mail, they say they got tickets to some comedy show during the week, and do I want to join her? Please, Jesus, don't let this woman start going crazy on me. Please. When I fill the car with gas, I send them a text that says, “No more messages, please, please, please, this is serious.” And then — wait for it — I type, “See you next Tuesday.”
7 p.m. Back home. Back to the grind tomorrow. And that's my life.
Want to submit a sex diary? Email sexdiaries@nymag.com and tell us a little about yourself.
Overview (2)
Mini Bio (1)
Bill Hader was born on June 7, 1978 in Tulsa, Oklahoma, USA.  They are an actor and producer, known for The Skeleton Twins (2014), Inside Out (2015) and Trainwreck (2015). They were previously married to Maggie Carey.
Spouse (1)
Trivia (26)
Member of the sketch comedy group Animals from the Future.
Attended Cascia Hall Prep School in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Their wife, Maggie Carey , is a filmmaker who has won awards for both documentaries and narrative films.
Father manages an air freight company. Mother is a dance teacher.
Part of Judd Apatow 's stock company of actors. They have appeared in five of their films.
Is a producer on the 13th season of South Park (1997).
In an interview with Conan O'Brien , Star Wars-fan Bill stated that they knew the first time they saw their then-girlfriend's apartment, they would be their wife: they had "Star Wars" curtains in their living room.
Is allergic to peanuts.
Hader and wife Maggie Carey welcomed their first child, daughter Hannah Kathryn, on October 6, 2009. Their second daughter, Harper, was born on July 28, 2012 and third daughter, Hayley Clementine, on November 15, 2014.
New York, NY: Announced they would leave _"Saturday Night Live" (1974)_ at the end of the 2013 season, May 18, as they plan to move to Los Angeles so both they and their filmmaker wife Maggie Carey can pursue more opportunities there. [May 2013]
They have German, Danish, Irish, and English ancestry.
Has a severe allergic reaction to peanuts. In 2013 they were chosen to replace Robert Downey Jr. as the commercial voice of "Mr. Peanut".
They originally moved to LA with plans of becoming a director - being a comedian or actor was never something they thought of doing.
Met their wife Maggie while performing in a comedy troupe in a backyard in Van Nuys. They were sitting in the front row, and afterwards they were introduced by a mutual friend.
The story their character in Hot Rod tells about tripping on acid and getting a piece of metal stuck in their eye actually happened to one of their friends, who they then took to watch the film.
During their audition they were really nervous, but then while doing their Vinny Vedecci impression Tina Fey laughed. They said it made them relax and helped them get through the audition and have fun.
Would have panic attacks before a show while on SNL. Their wife would often come down and do Lamaze breathing with him.
While a guest on the PBS genealogy show "Finding Your Roots," Hader discovered that they are directly descended from both King Edward I of England and Charlemagne, the King of the Franks and the first Holy Roman Emperor who (during the early Middle Ages) united most of Western Europe.
Won the 2018 Emmy Award in the Lead Actor in a Comedy Series category for their role as Barry Berkman in Barry (2018).
Nominated for the 2019 Golden Globe Award in the Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series - Musical or Comedy category for their role as Barry in Barry (2018), but lost to Michael Douglas for The Kominsky Method (2018).
Personal Quotes (4)
[re leaving 'SNL'] It was a hard decision, but it has to happen at some point. It got to a point where I said, 'Maybe it's just time to go' ...I'd heard stories that you get very emotional in those conversations, and I've had other people tell me, 'Oh, I cried.' I didn't, but I did think I was about to faint.
[re 'SNL' continuing without him] There's a new sensibility happening, and if it isn't totally apparent on the show yet, I see it on Wednesdays at the table reads. I found myself looking up and watching the new people do their sketches. I like watching Kate McKinnon do something - there's a joy in seeing a new move from somebody and going, 'Oh, they can do that.'
Yeah, improvising only really works 100% when you're with somebody.
A lot of times I think people, when they're doing a movie that's a family movie, they're worried about this being too esoteric or too dark or too weird.
The Evil Mad Science Googly Eye Shield for Arduino. A simple "platform" shield with labeled break-out points from every position on the edge connectors. Plus, googly eyes!
The Googly Eye Shield is sold as a soldering kit. It includes the circuit board, stacking headers, four googly eyes (two each in two different sizes), and glue dots to mount the googly eyes. Detailed, photo heavy instructions provided online.
1.It adds googly eyes to your Arduino (or shield-compatible clone ).
2.Yes, really: It adds googly eyes to your Arduino!
3.Yes, absolutely! Itadd googly eyes to your Arduino.
4.Lots! Even without the googly eyes, this is the missing "blank" Arduino shield-- a low-cost, bare-bones multipurpose platform. We could have called this the "Insulator Shield for Arduino" -- it's a big flat empty surface that you can use for all kinds of things, without pesky electronics getting in your way. The only electrical features are a neat row of breakout holes, on a 0.1" grid, right next to the edge connectors.
Mount a solid-state relay or a battery pack or a speaker. You can use it to raise up many types of Arduino shields for extra altitude, providing a handy storage shelf underneath. You can mount a mini breadboard to the top, and use it as a low-cost prototyping shield. The possibilities are not particularly limited.
5.The googly eyes are (we hate to admit) optional. Just skip that step of the assembly instructions if you really don't want googly eyes. (Also,
This is an open source hardware design. Complete documentation about this kit, including assembly instructions and design files are available on the Evil Mad Scientist Wiki
With advancements, home robots will be able to do everything from educate us to entertain us to help us save money.
Social robots like the quasi-anthropomorphic Jibo and Amazon's far more utilitarian Echo are beginning to find their places in our living rooms. The consensus seems to be that they are pretty cool but leave a lot to be desired. These robots perform a lot of the functions that smartphones and tablets do—which is to say, they're fun but superfluous. They also need to get better at recognizing speech or reliably calling up requested information.
Jibo
But focusing on what home robots can do now might be the wrong way to look at it. The more interesting question is, what will they be able to do in five years, or 10, or 50? All we know for sure is: a lot more than they do now.
“We have to remember that we're in the very early stages,” says Maja Mataric, the founding director of the Robotics and Autonomous Systems Center at the University of Southern California. “But it's only a matter of time until they'll be capable of a whole spectrum of things”—for example, making dinner or tidying up a room.
We're at such an early stage, in fact, that there's not even agreement on what a “social robot” is, exactly. Jibo and Echo are both commonly referred to that way, but there are big differences between them. Jibo (which has so far been available only to “early adopters,” and will start shipping to consumers next year) is much more like what most people think of when they think of a robot—it's animated and highly interactive. Echo is a monolith—a simple, sleek cylinder that mostly responds to commands. Jibo is cute, Echo is austere. Jibo is video-enabled, Echo is not. Jibo costs $749, Echo costs $199.
But while Jibo can move, neither device is mobile, partly because there's not yet any reason for them to be mobile. They can't wash windows or make an omelet. “When they can do physical work, that will be much more compelling,” Mataric says. Roboticists hesitate to guess when that will happen. “Eventually, they'll be able to make gumbo,” says Cynthia Matuszek, a robotics researcher at the University of Maryland, Baltimore. But “multiple decades” is their closest guess to when that will be. In the meantime, social robots can perform fairly simple tasks, with varying degrees of success, in response to voice commands. Echo goes by the name “Alexa,” So you can say “Alexa, play the new Mumford & Sons album,” and it will do so. Or you can ask it for the weather forecast. Jibo, meanwhile, can engage in simple conversations, as it swivels and wriggles about and displays video images. It can teach kids languages, or, sitting on the kitchen counter, teach adults recipes.
Echo
In the coming years, machine learning will enable these robots to converse meaningfully with humans. They'll continually adapt, and get to know their owners. This is why Jibo's inventor, Cynthia Breazeal, director of the Personal Robots Group at the MIT Media Laboratory, refers to the robot as “a member of the family.” During an interview, Jibo's product manager, Matt Revis, refers to Jibo as “he” throughout. “When you're talking to him,” Revis says, “you feel like you're interacting with someone.”
There is a lot of debate among roboticists over whether robots should have humanoid characteristics. Matuszek says there is “a lot of value” in thinking of robots as companions, mainly for specialized purposes such as caring for elderly or isolated people, or autistic kids. But, they say, “people in general tend to personify their devices whether or not they're cute.”
If teaching kids how to play the piano is the goal, maybe the humanoid approach is best. But if you just want a hub for your smart home, Echo's approach is better.
That in fact seems to be Amazon's goal with Echo. You don't need your robot to be humanoid to tell it to turn off the downstairs light (which Echo will soon be able to do) or order more detergent (which Amazon will gladly sell you).
Robots as smart home hubs seem to be the most promising area in the near term. For all their references to Jibo as a “companion,” Revis enthusiastically supports the notion of it (sorry, him) as a turner-on of lights and a locker of doors. Such tasks “fit nicely into their charter,” Revis says. The main challenge for now is technical standards, which are highly complex and far from settled as companies like Google and Apple also make their way into the market.
But fairly soon it will be routine for homeowners to bark out “turn the lights down 20 percent” and have it happen. Eventually, a robot-controlled smart home will “understand where a person is in the home and know what they want” without even being asked, says Michael Wolf, the founder of NextMarket Insights. They estimate that the market for owner-installed smart homes will rise from about $1.3 billion today to about $7.8 billion by 2019.
Some of this might seem far-fetched to current users of social robots, who sometimes can't get the things to understand simple commands. “It's all very clunky now,” says Matuszek, “They'll just keep chipping away at small tasks, getting better and better at them. There won't be a particular point in time where we say, ‘Oh, we've arrived.' ″
TAMPA, Fla. -- By the time their regular season begins Monday against the Boston Red Sox, there may be a better squad of New York Yankees on the disabled list than on the field at Yankee Stadium.
The Yankees will add starter Phil Hughes to an already star-studded group that will open the season on the DL, including Derek Jeter, Alex Rodriguez, Mark Teixeira and Curtis Granderson.
Although the move was expected -- Hughes lost two weeks of spring training back in February with pain in their upper back from a bulging disk -- manager Joe Girardi made it official after the right-hander threw a minor-league game at the team's developmental complex Wednesday.
Girardi said Hughes will not accompany the team to New York but will be left behind for extended spring training, which begins here Monday. Although their DL stint will be backdated to March 22, allowing the Yankees to activate them as early as April 6, the target date for Hughes' first major league start is April 11.
"I think the plan is to give them two more starts," Girardi said. "But that doesn't mean it necessarily has to happen. We might feel that he's ready after the next one. We've just gotta be prepared for it more than anything."
Hughes worked five scoreless innings against the Lansing Lugnuts, a Toronto Blue Jays Class A affiliate. They allowed five hits, struck out four and walked none, getting their pitch count up to 81. The Yankees would like to see Hughes throw 95-100 pitches in a minor league game before activating him.
"I feel like I threw the ball OK, probably better than last time," said Hughes, who said their velocity has been between 90-91 mph. "I feel pretty good. It's just a matter of them feeling like I'm ready to go."
Without Hughes, the Yankees' rotation will be CC Sabathia, Hiroki Kuroda, Andy Pettitte, Ivan Nova and David Phelps, who will make the April 6 start in Hughes' place.
Girardi and Yankees pitching coach Larry Rothschild refused to commit to a Hughes start on April 11, when the Yankees are scheduled to play the last of a four-game series against the Indians in Cleveland, although Hughes thinks he'll be ready by then.
"That's hard to say, because they still need to be stretched out, and you have to see if the stuff stays the same," Girardi said. "I don't know how hard he's throwing now, but the first four innings they were pretty consistent."
Hughes went 16-13 with a 4.23 ERA last season, tying for the team high in wins with Kuroda. They also allowed 35 home runs, second-most in baseball behind then-Angels starter Ervin Santana.
"I think stamina-wise he's still got a little ways to go," Rothschild said. "He took a good step today, but it's still not easy to catch up that much ground. So we'll see where it goes."
CHICAGO-For 12 days dozens of protesters from diverse backgrounds have been camped out around the clock in front of the Federal Reserve here. Outraged by corporate greed, many say they were motivated to act after seeing the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations.
They say they speak for the 99 percent of Americans left out, and refuse to remain silent. Their ranks swell to over 100 in the afternoons and over 300 marched down Michigan Avenue Sept. 30. Their numbers are growing and they vow to stay until things change.
One of the demonstrators is Avi Morales who has been laid off from Jewel-Osco supermarket for over 2 months. They were walking by the protest one day and began talking to people. They liked what they heard and stayed.
“I have no job and I'm not in school so I'm here a lot,” said Morales, the daughter of a Unite Here hotel worker. “It's hoped that we are making a difference just by being here and it's better than being at home.
“It's exciting, I feel like I'm making a difference. When I go home all I can think about is coming back,” said Morales.
Another of the demonstrators is Eric, unemployed for two months, who came in with friends from Goshen, Indiana. “I'm here because I don't have a job and I might as well support something,” they said.
Eric's father worked in the recreational vehicle industry and has now been out of work for three years. Before the economic crisis, the RV industry was a major employer in Northern Indiana, but today that area has one of the highest unemployment rates in the nation.
“I saw all these people here and figured we might be able to actually change something,” they said.
Another Hoosier named John said they were there because of corporate greed. They lost their home to the banks two years ago. They were originally paying $750 on their mortgage but the banks weren't satisfied and doubled their payments, eventually forcing them out.
“A lot of people are hurting and I'm here to support them,” said John.
Elisa is a flight attendant and has been a member of the Association of Flight Attendants for 16 years. They say they have been waiting for this moment for two years.
“With the stall in our government, it really makes me mad when they talk about wanting President Obama to fail. But what I hear is they want the American people to fail. And so far they're doing a very good job,” they said.
Elisa said they were most concerned about “the unions, teachers pay, health care and our educational system, I'm concerned about the lobbyists, about our politicians being bought and paid for. I want the money out of politics.”
Elisa said they and the protesters are getting a lot of encouragement from those passing by and by the steady stream of donations and food.
“People have been saying, thank you for doing this!” they said.
Jenny is a professional writer who said that until a week ago they were feeling terrible about their life and future.
“I didn't feel safe going to grad school, I'm stuck in a dead-end job with no benefits and severely underpaid. I didn't even feel safe having children because what is going to be left for them?”
Jenny saw what was happening with the Wall Street protests and discovered Occupy Chicago and “everything changed overnight.”
“I'm not angry or alone anymore. I feel strong for the first time in 10 years,” they said.
As a Lutheran, Jenny is deeply motivated by their religious beliefs and by joining the protest has been “living my faith like never before. I've been praying to God to use me and this is the way.”
Jenny said they hope the end result will be a repeal of “corporate personhood” and “we'll tax the hell out of the rich, and that compassion and love will be injected back into the world, that's been missing.”
Corporate influence in politics is what brought Austin McLean to the protest, and he's been there almost since the start.
“The corporations are controlling who can run for office and the general population has no say,” they said.
McLean works at a non profit children's treatment center and is worried budget cuts will curtail badly needed services. “The least I hope for is that people wake up and start talking about this,” they said. “I'm ready to stay here for as long as it takes.”
Photo: John Bachtell/PW
Everyone knows the world's top exporter of genuine covfefe is Nambia. Now, the Trump administration will bring in more covfefe than ever.
4.6k SHARES Tweet
WASHINGTON, D.C. — President Donald Trump held a signing ceremony in the Oval Office this morning for a new trade deal that they say will make America stronger, richer, and “more betterer than ever before.”
“We of course all know that the very real African country of Nambia has some truly world class health care,” Trump told reporters this morning as they signed the deal, “and we also know they export over ninety percent of the world's covfefe supply, both in terms of raw covfefe, and refined, processed covfefe, and this deal helps cut America in on that sweet, sweet action.”
The trade deal was brokered by representatives from Nambia as well as a special envoy from the United States that was made up of former half-term Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin, former Congresswoman Michele Bachmann (R-MN), and a bag of hammers.
“We felt that we wanted every member of the team to be on the same intellectual level,” Trump explained, “and we just had to have Sarah involved because since they can see Nambia from their front porch, she's probably the premier American scholar when it comes to that country, outside of me, of course.”
Under the terms of the deal, the U.S. would significantly increase its importation of the rare mineral covfefe. President Trump told reporters that their administration “runs on covfefe” and that “unlike prior black administrations” theirs knows how to correctly harness the power of covfefe, and they struck the deal with Nambia to “secure a bright future for all Americans.”
“Look, you may be wondering why we signed this trade deal,” Trump said, “and that's fine. But just keep mind that unlike prior black administrations, mine knows the value of covfefe and that we need to be looking for more ways to use it, not less.”
James' newest satirical compilation is out now and available from Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and soon at WalMart.com.
Geographers and cartographers say that there could be a few things that prevent this new trade deal from having any major impact.
“Well, for starters,” Sean Taugher of the World mapmakers Union told us, “Nambia isn't on any map I can find going back through our archives over centuries. Very strange. But we'll keep looking, because it's gotta be out there. It would be so weird for a president to just make up a country out of whole cloth, you know? Like, he's the leader of the free world, and he's just gonna randomly pull a country out of their ass and praise it?”
On what the president called an “unrelated side note,” the Trump Foundation has started a new charity.
“The National Alliance of Man-Boys In America will be dedicated to helping men in the late twenties and early thirties who still go around telling people all taxes are theft and pretending that BitCoin is somehow not a fiat currency grow up and mature into adults who don't say stupid shit like that,” Trump explained, “and we really think this organizationwill help really tremendously bigly. So get those checks a flowing now; you can just send them to the Trump Foundation and rest assured, your money will get to where we need it.”
This story is developing.
There are times when voters become so angry at the party in power as to become fixated on the satisfaction that might be gained from getting rid of them. It's how many Alberta voters are feeling right now. And with good reason.
The thing is, there's only one way to vote a government out: Vote another party in. It's like double-entry bookkeeping: You don't get to fill in just one side of the ledger. Want to debit one party's seat count? You'll have credit that seat to another party. Or it's like Newton's Third Law of Motion: For every action, there's an equal and opposite reaction. Voting someone out of office means voting someone else in.
Which bring us to the Alberta election. The province goes to the polls on Tuesday. The Progressive Conservatives have held power, without interruption, for 44 years. It's not exactly the democratic ideal. More to the point, the Tories, who in the past demonstrated prudence and policy smarts, have of late mismanaged the province.
Story continues below advertisement
Alberta has the remarkable good fortune to be sitting on some of the world's largest oil reserves, and the past decade has been a boom time for the industry and the province. In the midst of that boom, the Tories somehow managed to do the impossible: They spent every cent of the windfall. Sometimes they even spent more. Awash in petro-cash, they promised voters an unsustainable combination of ultra-low taxes and ultra-expensive government. The relatively new Conservative Leader Jim Prentice, who never tires of reminding people that he's only been premier for six months, is largely running against the record of their predecessors. So are the opposition parties. There's a lot to run against.
Mr. Prentice has put together a credible, moderate plan to capitalize on what previous governments got right, and gradually fix what they got wrong. The province clearly needs to change course. The question is, what course to chart? And who do you want captaining the ship?
On Tuesday, Albertans have three major parties to choose from. None of them is ideal.
Let's start with Wildrose, which nearly unseated the Progressive Conservatives three years ago. Quite a lot has happened since then. Devastated by infighting and a mass defection of MLAs to the PCs, the party is at this point a kind of zombie. Its supporters are still numerous and passionate, but the party itself – the people who, if elected, would actually have to govern – is a whole other story. There just isn't enough there, there.
And its platform contains too much fanciful thinking of the type that got previous Conservative governments into such trouble. Wildrose is essentially running on a populist platform of no new taxes, on anything, ever: Meet the Regressive Conservative Party. To bring a badly out-of-whack provincial budget back into balance, it relies on vague cuts and fuzzy math.
Wildrose is organizationally and intellectually thin. It isn't ready to govern.
Then there is the New Democratic Party. Leader Rachel Notley is both capable and personable, and something similar to Jack Layton's 2011 "Orange Wave" is going on here – in spades. Virtually every poll now has the NDP in the lead, with Ms. Notley as the most popular party leader. In 2012, the NDP barely registered.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The NDP has some good ideas. It wants to get big money out of the Wild West of Alberta politics by banning campaign donations from unions and corporations. It thinks Alberta's flat income tax is regressive – it is – and proposes raising income taxes on upper incomes. Mr. Prentice's budget agrees on the principle, though their tax increases are smaller than the NDP's. Under both plans, high-earning Albertans would still face lower income-tax rates than in other major provinces.
The trouble is with the rest of the NDP baggage. For example, it wants to raise corporate income taxes from 10 per cent to 12 per cent. Mr. Prentice is wrong to suggest that this will cause the sky to fall – but he's right that the midst of a provincial recession is probably not the ideal time to be talking about this. Ms. Notley is also calling for a $15 minimum wage, muses about subsidizing more oil refining and upgrading in the province, and wants a review of the province's oil royalty regime.
If Wildrose is promising to bring government finances back into balance without any tax increases, Ms. Notley is offering a different fantasy: that a government that spends way above the Canadian average, including about $1,000 more per person on health care than Ontario or B.C., does not need to seriously consider how to spend less. Mr. Prentice's scare tactics about the NDP go too far, but he's aiming at a real target, and identifying a legitimate worry.
The NDP has another major defect: Beyond Ms. Notley, the party's talent pool gets awfully thin, awfully fast. It could make a fine Official Opposition, but it isn't ready to govern.
Which brings us to the Conservatives.
It would have been politically easier for Mr. Prentice if they had promised to raise nobody's taxes or fees, or had singled out business, or committed to not squeezing any budgets. But the everyone-gets-cake-and-nobody-gets-a-bill approach is what got Alberta into this mess.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Prentice's plan – for an Alberta that taxes a bit more, spends a bit less, and saves more of Alberta's volatile oil revenues in the Heritage Savings Trust Fund – is the best choice before voters. And they are the best choice for premier. But their government deserves to face something Alberta hasn't seen in a long time: a strong contingent of opposition members. Ideally, they would also only win enough seats to form a minority government – Alberta's first. But given the tepid alternatives, the Progressive Conservatives remain the best choice.
Despite the best efforts of counselors and the legal system, our divorce-laden society often involves rejection of a child by a parent.
A new study discovers that while mothers have a unique social and emotional bond with each child, a father's love contributes as much — and sometimes more — to a child's development.
This finding is one of many stemming from a new large-scale analysis of research about the power of parental rejection and acceptance in shaping our personalities as children and into adulthood.
“In our half-century of international research, we've not found any other class of experience that has as strong and consistent effect on personality and personality development as does the experience of rejection, especially by parents in childhood,” said Ronald Rohner, Ph.D., of the University of Connecticut.
Rohner is co-author of a new study found in the journal Personality and Social Psychology Review.
“Children and adults everywhere — regardless of differences in race, culture, and gender — tend to respond in exactly the same way when they perceived themselves to be rejected by their caregivers and other attachment figures.”
In a review of 36 studies international studies that involved more than 10,000 participants, Rohner and co-author Abdul Khaleque discovered that parental rejection causes children to feel more anxious and insecure, as well as more hostile and aggressive toward others.
Researchers discovered the pain of rejection — especially when it occurs over a period of time in childhood — tends to linger into adulthood, making it more difficult for adults who were rejected as children to form secure and trusting relationships with their intimate partners.
The studies are based on surveys of children and adults about their parents' degree of acceptance or rejection during their childhood, coupled with questions about their personality dispositions.
Moreover, Rohner said, emerging evidence from the past decade of research in psychology and neuroscience is revealing that the same parts of the brain are activated when people feel rejected as are activated when they experience physical pain.
“Unlike physical pain, however, people can psychologically relive the emotional pain of rejection over and over for years,” Rohner said.
Researchers studied if children would be affected differently, depending on whether the mother or father rejected a child.
The results from more than 500 studies suggest that while children and adults often experience more or less the same level of acceptance or rejection from each parent, the influence of one parent's rejection — oftentimes the father's — can be much greater than the other's.
A 13-nation team of psychologists working on the International Father Acceptance Rejection Project has developed at least one explanation for this difference: that children and young adults are likely to pay more attention to whichever parent they perceive to have higher interpersonal power or prestige.
So if a child perceives their father as having higher prestige, they may be more influential in their life than the child's mother. Work is ongoing to better understand this potential relationship.
One important take-home message from all this research, Rohner said, is that fatherly love is critical to a person's development. The importance of a father's love should help motivate many men to become more involved in nurturing child care.
Additionally, they said, widespread recognition of the influence of fathers on their children's personality development should help reduce the incidence of “mother blaming” common in schools and clinical setting.
“The great emphasis on mothers and mothering in America has led to an inappropriate tendency to blame mothers for children's behavior problems and maladjustment when, in fact, fathers are often more implicated than mothers in the development of problems such as these.”
Source: Society for Personality and Social Psychology
Father with child photo by shutterstock.
Dad's Love Helps Child's Personality Development
VIDEO: Police look for self-checkout thieves who stole $1,100 from Winter Haven Walmart Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Winter Haven Police Department [ + - ] Video
WINTER HAVEN, Fla. (WFLA) - It's video you have to see to believe, a man at the self-checkout counter of a Winter Haven Walmart. When they realized the machine was giving back extra cash - they got their entourage involved.
In less than thirty minutes, eight people, including children, walked away with almost $1,100. Now, Winter Haven Police are looking for those involved.
It all started with a simple purchase.
A man with a large tattoo covering their right shoulder, bought and paid for their items. But, when they realized the machine gave them a twenty instead of a five, they walk out of the camera's view and apparently alerts their friend, who then walks up to the same self-checkout stand and does the exact same thing.
"Immediately, you see them start to come in one by one. Grabbing one item, whether it's a cold drink or a candy bar or pack of gum," said Jamie Brown, the Public Information Officer for the Winter Haven Police Department.
Detective believe as many as eight accomplices were involved.
"They put in enough money in order to force the machine to give them a five dollar change-out. However, that five dollar change ended up being twenty dollars," said Brown
Seeing the kids in action makes parents like Veronika Hodges cringe.
"That's terrible. To get young children involved in that? You can't do that."
Parent, Solimar Ortiz says they're setting a bad example for the kids involved.
"If it happened to me... I worked retail and sales, I would give it back."
As for charges, besides theft, the adults are also possibly facing charges of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
Suspects in self-checkout theft Winter Haven Police Department Winter Haven Police Department Winter Haven Police Department Winter Haven Police Department
The store finally saw the error and realized the $20 bills were put in the slot where the $5 bills should go.
Footage from the parking lot shows the culprits arrived in two separate vehicles, a black four-door car and a silver or gray four-door vehicle.
There are two young boys with the group, one appears to be 5 years old, the other is around 10. They were also with a teenage girl between the age of 13 and 15.
Anyone with information on their whereabouts has been asked to call the Heartland Crime Stoppers at 1-800-226-TIPS (8477). You may be eligible for a cash reward.
"We are really glad to be a part of SK gaming and will do our best to make them proud, SK is one of the biggest names in E-sports and it's an honor for us to represent them, we also believe they are one of the most trustworthy organizations around and we thank them for trusting us.
We are just a bunch of soloQ players who decided to make a team together and play competitively and we put all we have in practice in order to succeed, thank you to everyone who's going to support us in our time ahead. We really appreciate it and we won't disappoint."
"With the unfortunate disbandment of our most recent Prime line up, I am proud to announce that we have picked up a team known as "Gilius Crew" to represent SK Gaming. I am very excited to watch our new line up surprise the challenger scene showing the potential they have in the Black Monster Cup this evening. I also look forward to their progress in the current Coke Zero split. Onwards and upwards!"
SK Gaming Prime Line up:
Jungle: Berk "Gilius" Demir
Mid: Hampus "watdefox" Myhre
ADC: Haïdar "Zyzz" Mezidi
Support: Niklas "zytan" Lakaniemi Top: Lennart "Smitty" WarkusJungle: Berk "Gilius" DemirMid: Hampus "watdefox" MyhreADC: Haïdar "Zyzz" MezidiSupport: Niklas "zytan" Lakaniemi
The new roster will play in today's Black Monster Cup so make sure to check them out! Furthermore the team will also compete in the upcoming season of the Coke Zero League to fight for a LCS spot in the over next split.- Haïdar "Zyzz" Mezidi (ADC and Team Captain)- Joe "InnerFlame" Elouassi (SK Prime Manager)We wish the new lineup best of luck at the BMC today and hope for a successful first season of Coke Zero League!
Prince Harry has lashed out against the treatment their new girlfriend Meghan Markle has received in recent weeks.
Prince Harry has lashed out against the treatment their new girlfriend Meghan Markle has received in recent weeks.
The 32-year-old royal has been quietly dating the Suits star (35) for six months, but news of their relationship broke last month.
And the prince has expressed their upset about the media interest surrounding them via a statement from Kensington Palace in which they say they have been subject to a "wave of abuse and harassment".
Stories concerning Meghan's family have been published and members of their family have been interviewed in recent weeks, while their former marriage and religious has also been discussed at length.
Meghan Markle in the royal box at Wimbledon 2016
Racy scenes from their hit US legal drama Suits have also appeared on adult websites in the last week.
In a rare statement concerning their personal life, they said the press had crossed "a line" with its reporting of their relationship.
"His girlfriend, Meghan Markle, has been subject to a wave of abuse and harassment," Harry's Communications Secretary said in a statement.
"Some of this has been very public - the smear on the front page of a national newspaper; the racial undertones of comment pieces; and the outright sexism and racism of social media trolls and web article comments."
Prince Harry waves as they leaf Nottingham's new Central Police Station on October 26, 2016 in Nottingham, England. (Photo by Joe Giddins - WPA Pool/Getty Images)
It was reported earlier this week that Harry would not be speaking to the media at all during their upcoming tour of the Caribbean, believed to be in a bid to protect their girlfriend's privacy.
Here is the Kensington Palace statement about Prince Harry in full:
"Since they were young, Prince Harry has been very aware of the warmth that has been extended to them by members of the public. They feel lucky to have so many people supporting them and knows what a fortunate and privileged life they lead.
"He is also aware that there is significant curiosity about their private life. They have never been comfortable with this, but they have tried to develop a thick skin about the level of media interest that comes with it. They have rarely taken formal action on the very regular publication of fictional stories that are written about them and they have worked hard to develop a professional relationship with the media, focused on their work and the issues they care about.
Meghan Markle attends the 12th annual CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund Awards at Spring Studios on November 2, 2015 in New York City. (Photo by Andrew Toth/Getty Images)
"But the past week has seen a line crossed. Their girlfriend, Meghan Markle, has been subject to a wave of abuse and harassment. Some of this has been very public - the smear on the front page of a national newspaper; the racial undertones of comment pieces; and the outright sexism and racism of social media trolls and web article comments.
"Some of it has been hidden from the public - the nightly legal battles to keep defamatory stories out of papers; their mother having to struggle past photographers in order to get to their front door; the attempts of reporters and photographers to gain illegal entry to their home and the calls to police that followed; the substantial bribes offered by papers to their ex-boyfriend; the bombardment of nearly every friend, co-worker, and loved one in their life.
"Prince Harry is worried about Ms Markle's safety and is deeply disappointed that they have not been able to protect them It is not right that a few months into a relationship with them that Ms Markle should be subjected to such a storm. They know commentators will say this is 'the price they have to pay' and that 'this is all part of the game'. They strongly disagree. This is not a game - it is their life and his.
"He has asked for this statement to be issued in the hopes that those in the press who have been driving this story can pause and reflect before any further damage is done. They know that it is unusual to issue a statement like this, but hopes that fair-minded people will understand why they have felt it necessary to speak publicly."
Online Editors
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The government's financial bailout for troubled banks has not worked so far, a majority of respondents to a national poll say, and six in 10 don't want Washington to spend more money on the rescue.
Sixty-one percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Friday oppose providing more government money in the financial bailout. There are some supporters, however -- 38% said the government should provide more assistance to ailing banks and other financial institutions.
Most of the 1,245 adult Americans who were questioned for the poll were surveyed before Thursday's Senate vote to release the remaining $350 billion in the financial bailout program.
"One reason for the opposition to more money being spent may be that more than eight in 10 said that the first $350 billion of taxpayer money for the bailout didn't work," said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland. "Only 14% say that the money accomplished what it was supposed to do."
Regardless of the apparent public opposition to the bailout, the Senate voted 52 to 42 to release the remaining funds.
"Barack Obama may have something to do with the vote," said Holland. "Democratic leaders in the Senate may not have been eager for a showdown with the president-elect. The public would have been squarely on Obama's side. Sixty-two percent in the poll say they trust Obama more than Democratic Congressional leaders."
That compares to only 25% of those questioned in the poll indicating they would be more likely to trust Democratic Congressional leaders over Obama when they disagree on an issue.
The poll also suggests that 50% of those questioned believe Republicans are more responsible for the economic problems facing the country right now. Less than a quarter of the respondents said Democrats are more to blame, and one in five said both parties are equally at fault.
"Democrats may also have recognized that the public still blames the GOP for the bad economy. That suggests that the public may give the Democrats some leeway, at least for now," Holland added.
The 61% who oppose proving more taxpayer money for the financial bailout is up from 56% who opposed the initial bailout in mid-October.
The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey was conducted Monday through Thursday by telephone. The survey's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for some questions and plus or minus 4.5 percentage points for others.
Recently, Fordham University sponsored an interfaith prayer service for racial justice. The catalysts for this event were the ongoing police-involved killings of Black persons—mostly unarmed men—in our nation.
I preached a homily in which I recalled a talk I had given, where I had spoken of the challenge to a Christian conscience in the aftermath of the deaths of Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown and Eric Garner and “. . .”
Most haunting in the title of that talk were the “. . .” The scandal that brought us together was the realization that to the roster of cities such as Ferguson, Cleveland, Milwaukee, and Chicago we now must add Baltimore, Tulsa, Minneapolis/St. Paul, Baton Rouge, San Diego, and “. . .”
The never-ending tragic litany leaves my soul weary, numb, and tempted to despair over the incessant loss of life despite the protests, petitions, and prayers.
Whenever I write about this issue reactions are highly critical, some of which contend that I show a lack of appreciation for the service police officers render to society. Pondering such reactions has led me to two realizations.
First, many people are unable to distinguish between supporting professional and fair-minded police officers and criticizing a broken and unjust system of police practices and training. Yes, we can and must support those who heroically perform the difficult profession of public safety. But we also need to be critical of policing that subjects citizens of color to surveillance, interrogation, arrest, and abuse that would be considered intolerable if routinely experienced by white people.
The U.S. Department of Justice found in its investigation of police departments across the nation “patterns and practices” of racially discrimi-natory behavior that violate the constitutional rights of citizens of color.
Despite this objective evidence, and the many studies that show how Black and white defendants are treated very differently in the criminal justice system even when charged with similar crimes, there is still pervasive denial on the part of many whites.
My second realization has been that there is no way to speak honestly about race without making white people uncomfortable. It is not difficult to understand why. The categories of “black” and “white” justify unequal access to jobs, neighborhoods, and schools. Race in America is about the rationalization of social inequality, especially white preference and dominance. That level of honest acknowledgment is something for which many are unprepared and a conversation for which this nation is ill equipped.
More troubling is that white Christians are among the least likely to believe that there is a systemic problem. A recent Public Religion Research Institute report related how over 80 percent of Black Christians believe that police-involved killings of Black people are part of a much larger picture of racial injustice. An almost equal amount of white Christians (about 70 percent) believe the opposite, holding that such deaths are mainly isolated incidents with no connection to one another. Seventy-one percent of Catholics hold this view. Indeed, white non-Christians are more likely to see a systemic problem than white Christians.
White Christians, then, are not disposed to believe the evidence and hear the testimonies of their Black sisters and brothers. The body of Christ not only bears the racial wounds of the larger society; in some ways, it is also even more scarred and wounded.
All this underscores how remarkable the prayer service at Fordham was. Such prayer needs to take place in churches and chapels across our country. It is a necessary first step as we implore God's help to overcome what the U.S. bishops call a “radical evil” that destroys lives and mocks the image of God in which we are all created.
This article also appears in the December 2016 issue of U.S. Catholic (Vol. 81, No. 12, page 8).
Image: iStock.com via DJMcCoy
A philosopher/mechanic destroys the pretensions of the high-prestige workplace and makes an irresistible case for working with one's hands.
Shop Class as Soulcraft brings alive an experience that was once quite common but now seems to be receding from society--the experience of making and fixing things with our hands. Those of us who sit in an office often feel a lack of connection to the material world, a sense of loss, and find it difficult to say exactly what we do all day. For those who felt hustled off to college, then to the cubicle, against their own inclinations and natural bents, Shop Class as Soulcraft seeks to restore the honor of the manual trades as a life worth choosing.
On both economic and psychological grounds, Crawford questions the educational imperative of turning everyone into a "knowledge worker," based on a misguided separation of thinking from doing, the work of the hand from that of the mind. Crawford shows us how such a partition, which began a century ago with the assembly line, degrades work for those on both sides of the divide.
But Crawford offers good news as well: The manual trades are very different from the assembly line and from dumbed down white-collar work as well. They require careful thinking and are punctuated by moments of genuine pleasure. Based on their own experience as an electrician and mechanic, Crawford makes a case for the intrinsic satisfaction and cognitive challenges of manual work. The work of builders and mechanics is secure; it cannot be outsourced, and it cannot be made obsolete. Such work ties us to the local communities in which we live and instills the pride that comes from doing work that is genuinely useful. A wholly original debut, Shop Class as Soulcraft offers a passionate call for self-reliance and a moving reflection on how we can live concretely in an ever more abstract world. [from the jacket]
Per Johansson / AP A seemingly intoxicated moose is discovered entangled in an apple tree near Goteborg, Sweden late Tuesday Sept. 6 2011.
Hey, it happens to the best of us. We just hope they had a fun night prior to this unfortunate walk of shame.
Sometimes there are those stories that are just too bizarre to not read. We can't vouch for the news value in this story. But the photo is truly epic.
Pictures are indeed worth a thousand words, but here's just a few more to explain this utterly bizarre occurrence.
(LIST: The Top 10 Ridiculously Strong Drinks)
The moose apparently got drunk off of fermented apples in Per Johannson's neighborhood in Saro, Sweden. Johannson had just returned from work Wednesday when they heard a loud bellowing from their neighbors' yard. They weren't having a party, nor was it the air conditioning clicking on. When Johannson went to check it out, they found the moose tangled in the tree, grasping futilely at the still-dangling apples.
When fire authorities arrived, they bent the tree to allow the intoxicated elk to slide off the limb – where it promptly collapsed to the ground and napped off its drunkenness. Johannson did tell The Local that the moose was gone by morning, though we'd be hardly surprised if it returned later for another tipple.
Nick Carbone is a reporter at TIME. Find them on Twitter at @nickcarbone. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
READ: The Pleasures of Cooking While Drunk with Hannah Hart
Sony Teases a [REDACTED] Game; “Good News” In About a Month
Giuseppe Nelva February 2, 2014 8:38:38 AM EST
Sony Computer Entertainment has been stepping on the gas of content for its platforms lately, and looks like more is coming as teased by Strategic Content Division Producer Ben Andac during an interview on the PlayStation Blog.
Currently playing OlliOlli. Next will be [REDACTED]… I mean, TxK. There are so many I'm looking forward to this year to be honest
[…]
I'm fired aren't I?
The [REDACTED] part definitely sounds like an unannounced game that we're not yet supposed to hear about, and the wording of it definitely appears to point towards an intentional tease.
On the other hand Andac's well known colleague Shahid Ahmad has recently mentioned having good news on the new titles front, and they recently mentioned that he'll be ready to share in about a month.
Oh and that good news I had? Well, it's about a month away from me being able to talk about it.
We don't really know if they're talking about the same project or two different ones, but looks like the folks at Sony Computer Entertainment Europe are being given new toys to play with, and we'll probably know about them soon enough.
As an added bonus Andac also shed a bit more light on the mysterious Strategic Content Division in the comments to their interview.
Do Sony have a Strategic Content division for each region?
Not really, we're the only ‘Strategic Content' division globally; but there are people in similar developer relations roles in the other regions. Each group looks after devs in their own region, and we all keep in touch with each other to find out what the other regions are doing and what cool projects they have.
Can't say I'm not quite eager to hear about some of those cool projects myself.
Enlarge Image Vanity Fair
Charles Darwin's "On the Origin of the Species," published in 1859, turned out to be a tremendously important work of scientific literature. However, like many scientific works that had come before and were to come since, it created a furore of controversy, one of the biggest in history.
And this is how Bishop Samuel Wilberforce and Thomas Henry Huxley earned a place in science legend.
The two had both been vocal about Darwin's work. Wilberforce (whose nickname, "Soapy Sam," may be familiar), one of the greatest public speakers at the time, was vehemently against the theory. Biologist Huxley, now reverently referred to as "Darwin's Bulldog," was a firm supporter.
Things between the two came to a head on June 30, 1860 -- 156 years ago today.
Wilberforce and Huxley clashed in a debate over evolution that was to go down in history, not least for the jibes they traded.
Enlarge Image Charles Darwin, public domain
The debate took place at the Oxford University Museum in England, the meeting place of the night for the British Association for the Advancement of Science. It was a night that involved several important scientists (Darwin themselves was ill and could not attend), but the heat between Wilberforce and Huxley stole the show.
A verbatim account was never recorded, but an account written 30 years after the debate describes the most famous exchange.
Wilberforce fired at Huxley, enquiring as to whether "it was through their grandfather or their grandmother that they claimed descent from a monkey?"
Huxley's cutting reply: "If then the question is put to me whether I would rather have a miserable ape for a grandfather or a man highly endowed by nature and possessed of great means of influence and yet employs these faculties and that influence for the mere purpose of introducing ridicule into a grave scientific discussion, I unhesitatingly affirm my preference for the ape."
Both sides claimed victory after the debate, but the majority (and indeed history) seems to have awarded the win to Huxley, and Darwinian theory. Although it would take some time for evolution to become fully accepted by science, the debate is widely regarded as the turning point for the acceptance of Darwin's theory, not least because the theory was considered significant enough to be grounds for serious debate in the first place.
Carole A. Feuerman is widely acknowledged as one of the world's most prominent hyper-realist sculptor. They live and work in New-York. They have been included in prestigious exhibitions at the State Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg, Russia and the Palazzo Strozzi in Florence, Italy and enjoyed five museum retrospectives to date.
 They are currently exhibiting in their fifth retrospective at the El Paso Museum of Art in Texas called, Earth Water Air Fire, with over fifty one sculptures, five monumental pieces, two interactive installations, one video, and showing two of their new large photographs
In this post we are listing breathtaking body sculptures from Carole's work. We hope you will like and enjoy this. If you like this article, you might be interested in other articles on Stunning Portrait Photography and Stunning Photo Manipulations From DeviantArt.
Body Sculptures
Gonski critical of uni cuts to fund school reforms
Updated
David Gonski, the architect of the new funding model for schools, has criticised the Federal Government for taking money from universities.
At the weekend the Government announced plans to increase school funding by $14.5 billion over six years, saying it would scrap $2 billion from university funding to pay for the reforms.
Mr Gonski, who heads up one of the nation's major universities, is not happy with where the money is coming from.
"As chairperson of the review of school funding, set up by the Federal Government, my fellow panellists and I were not asked to consider how our final recommendations should be funded," they said.
"As chancellor of a leading Australian university, the University of NSW, I fervently believe in and will continue to advocate that increases be made in funding the university sector, to ensure Australia is able to provide quality teaching and research in its universities."
The vice-chancellors of Australia's 39 universities have all painted bleak pictures of the impacts from the cuts.
2014 School funding formula $9,271 per primary school student + loading
$12,193 per secondary school student + loading Loading basis for students: Low socio-economic background
Indigenous background
Disability
Limited English
Small or remote schools
But one academic specialising in the economics of education says the money may well be better spent on schools.
Dr Chandra Shah from Monash University says the scale and impact of the cutbacks on tertiary institutions has been overstated.
Dr Shah says the Government is right to look at how much it is spending to support university students.
"The headline figure quoted is always $2.8 billion when the real figure that should be looked at is the $900 million," they said.
Dr Shah says that $900 million accounts for the efficiency dividends demanded from universities, of 2 per cent next year and 1.25 per cent in 2015.
They say the other measures, including removing the 10 per cent discount for paying university fees upfront, make sense, and even the direct cuts will provide money that may do more good in the school sector.
"It's not going to suddenly stop universities from operating, and it is over two years and then it reverts back," they said.
"Generally there is higher pay-off into spending money into good quality primary and secondary education, and then you have set up a good base for further education for those students."
Political fight
Despite the controversy, Prime Minister Julia Gillard says they will get their school funding plan through Parliament before the election.
Gonski funding Extra funding Total public investment 2014-19 NSW $5 billion $87 billion VIC $4 billion $68 billion QLD $3.8 billion $65 billion WA $300 million $38 billion SA $600 million $21 billion TAS $400 million $7 billion ACT $100 million $5 billion NT $300 million $5 billion Catholic schools $1.4 billion $50 billion Independent schools $1 billion $35 billion Funding is based on a formula of a base amount per student plus "loadings" that are given when certain criteria are met.
They have given the states and territories until the end of June to say whether they will sign up to the deal.
Ms Gillard says they are keen to do electoral battle on education and is willing to negotiate with any premier and chief minister who is interested.
"Every state is going to see more money for schools in that state, on the basis that we're putting in $2 for every $1 coming from states. So everybody gets more money," they said.
"I am putting the highest value on the education of our children. So I will keep fighting for it.
"We will be there on Friday looking for states to sign up, we will keep fighting through to June 30 to get states on board, and I will keep campaigning on this plan because it's right for our nation."
New South Wales and Victoria, who would get the lion's share of the extra money, are not objecting.
Premier Barry O'Farrell expects to be able to say yes or no to the proposal at the COAG (Council of Australian Governments) meeting this Friday.
But Western Australia and Queensland remain thorns in the Government's side.
WA Premier Colin Barnett says as things stand, they will not be signing up to the Prime Minister's plan.
They say it is not worth the extra $300 million their state would get over the next six years, labelling the extra money "a disgrace".
"We are being offered the same amount of money as the Northern Territory, which has about one-tenth of our population. And then you look at the billions of dollars that Julia Gillard wants to pour into the east coast."
'All or nothing'
But Opposition education spokesperson Christopher Pyne says if the Coalition wins the election in September and not all states and territories have signed up, all bets are off.
"If the Gillard Government can't get all the states and territories to sign up at COAG on Friday, their school funding model is dead in the water," they said.
"Education is not like health; we've never operated that way. We've always had a nationally consistent model and we will not have different states operating under different models.
"So no state should sign up thinking that they will have that agreement honoured if the other states do not. I mean, sorry, it's all in or none in."
School Education Minister Peter Garrett is accusing the Opposition of wanting to stick to a broken funding model.
"Well today's admission by the shadow education spokesperson bells the cat on the Coalition's policy to not go ahead with providing support for states to the tune of $14.5 billion," they said.
"Now they either doesn't understand the model or he's gone to Joe Hockey and said that he's contradicting what the Coalition has on its record in terms of cuts to school education."
The Opposition is yet to say how it will vote on Labor's school funding legislation.
Neither will it say how it plans to vote on the Government's planned cuts to higher education that are being used to bolster funding to schools.
The Coalition has accused Labor of penalising and handicapping universities who perform to world standards, making them foot the bill for "a wave of election-driven cash to throw at schools".
But that is as far as it goes. Mr Pyne will not elaborate.
"We haven't made any announcements of any cuts. The only party that has announced any cuts to university funding is the Labor Party, which has announced $2.8 billion on Saturday," they said.
"You'll see our full fiscal policy during the election campaign at the appropriate time."
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Opposition attacks school funding plans (ABC News)
Topics: education, university-and-further-education, schools, federal-government, australia, nt
First posted
Various Islamic leaders have called for the death of our colleague and friend, respected Sun columnist Tarek Fatah, while they host a television talk show abroad in India.
This is wrong and an affront to the liberal values of tolerance and diversity that all Canadians hold dear.
In a Sun column last week, Fatah explained the gathering storm: “One cleric pronounced on my TV show that I was a ‘kafir', an apostate from Islam that, under some interpretations of sharia law, allows any Muslim to kill me.”
Then Fatah recalled how they , “woke up Tuesday morning to read the Times of India reporting that an Islamic cleric had put a bounty on my head as well as that of Dr. Subhas Chandra, the head of India's leading TV news network, Zee News (which airs Fatah's program).”
As if all of this is not disturbing enough there's now a specific price on Fatah's head.
According to the Hindustan Times, the All-India Faisan-e-Madina Council, “has announced a ‘reward' … to behead Islamic scholar Tarek Fatah.”
What has Fatah done that's so wrong on their talk show, Fatah Ka Fatwa (Fatah's Fatwa)?
In their own words, “we grapple with issues that for centuries have never been fully discussed openly in public, outside the confines of Muslim homes.
“These include polygamy, child marriage, the institution of Muta'a (a temporary marriage that provides a theological cover for prostitution) and contempt for ‘kafirs', meaning non-Muslims.”
Ironically Fatah's enemies basically agree, complaining that: “In their programme, they claim that it is not required to wear a burqa and terms triple talaq (an instant divorce proclaimed by the husband) as haram. Muslims must not listen to their advice and come forward against him.”
They don't like that Fatah is speaking up for basic human rights we take for granted in Canada.
Fatah went to India of their own free will to engage in what they knew would be provocative discourse in that country.
But all they are doing is standing up for our values.
Canadians, and our political leaders, should be outraged by these threats against him.
Much of the outrage against Fatah has been fomented online, where there are no barriers or borders.
Canadian can fight back. They can #StandWithTarek.
Thomas Hodgson, sheriff of Bristol County in Massachusetts, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Wednesday regarding their recent testimony before the House Subcommittee on Immigration.
Hodgson argued that if “sanctuary cities are going to harbor and conceal criminal illegal aliens from ICE [U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement], which is in direct violation of Title 8 of the U.S. Code, federal arrest warrants should be issued for their elected officials.”
Hodgson reiterated their point Wednesday, saying, “It is a felony under federal law for anyone to harbor or conceal someone they know to be in the country illegally. And in the instances of sanctuary cities, we have mayors who are saying, ‘Look, we're not going to allow our law enforcement people to notify Immigration and Customs Enforcement if they have someone that they know to be illegal in their custody.'”
Hodgson later added, “This is all about following our laws, and we can't have elected officials in this country saying that they're going to be exempt from any consequences and they're going to choose what laws they want to follow. That can't happen in America. What we need to do is send a clear message. If these elected officials are going to say, ‘Okay, I'm going to defy federal law,' and their leadership positions are going to encourage that kind of thing, they need to be, absolutely, issued arrest warrants.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
The BBC has launched an online news service that delivers news exclusively in West African pidgin English, a mixture of English, local languages and street slang spoken by millions of people across ethnic and cultural lines in the region.
BBC Pidgin is one of 12 new language services being launched by the BBC World Service in Africa and Asia, part of a £289 million expansion ($372 million) announced last year.
The digital service will offer coverage of local and international news, entertainment, culture, tech, and sports like the English Premier League, among other subjects. The news organization is targeting a young audience with an emphasis on using social media to draw listeners, particularly women. A recent study by Opera Software and Worldreader, a nonprofit, found that 60% of women in Nigeria check their mobile browsers more than eight times a day.
BBC Pidgin's Lagos-based 15-person team will include web designers, journalists, and social media experts. Reporters will be stationed in Ghana, Cameroon, and other parts of Nigeria.
The service follows in the footsteps of Wazobia FM, a Nigerian broadcaster which launched a pidgin radio station in 2007 followed by a TV channel in 2014.
West African pidgin English developed during the trans-Atlantic slave trade as a way for British slave merchants and African slave traders to communicate. In Nigeria, pidgin has become a more informal alternative to English, considered the language of elites, as well as the country's indigenous languages, which often aren't given sufficient attention by schools.
An estimated 75 million Nigerians speak pidgin, and there have been efforts to standardize the language. In 2009, a group of academics called the Naija Languej Akademi developed a pidgin reference guide with an alphabet, spelling guide, and a basic history of the language.
BBC Pidgin's launch reflects a growing recognition of the popularity and importance of locally grown dialects, which are often stereotyped as being a threat to English and only spoken by less educated people.
Hawaii declared its own version of pidgin English an official language in 2015 after a number of pidgin speakers were revealed in a US Census Bureau survey (pdf) of the islands. Jamaicans have been debating whether or not to make Jamaican patois an official language for some time. This August, Jamaica's education minister, Ruel Reid, said patois should be recognized as the primary language of people who are't regularly exposed to English.
Today at Noon the City of Toronto kicks off Pride Week by raising the rainbow flag at City Hall and to celebrate here is a new video of the 1990 Toronto Pride put together by James Leahy from their own archive. Lots of great shots of Church Street 25 years ago and glimpses of one the old CBC buildings that was on the corner of Alexander and Church. There was a lot going on in 1990, and lots of villains including the City of Toronto which voted not to proclaim Pride again and in the video you'll see a performance mocking then-mayor Art Eggleton. James's full notes on this video are below, and you can also check out their films of the 1988 and 1989 Toronto Prides here on Spacing.
1990 was the year it almost rained on our parade. Fortunately, the rain let up in the early afternoon and the rest of the day was dry, albeit a tad cool and cloudy.
Because of the weather you might notice a different tone in the 1990 festivities: a bit more subdued than previous years. Many people are dressed in jackets and carrying umbrellas.
People also looked different that year: funkier, perhaps, with a punk aesthetic not seen at earlier Prides.
This was also the first year we saw metallic shiny balloons!
On the political front, City Council once again voted not to proclaim Lesbian and Gay Pride Day. However, as you will find out in the video, the Ontario Supreme Court had recently ruled that Ottawa City Council's decision to rescind its initial Pride Day proclamation was discriminatory. This was thought to be a game-changer province-wide. And it was: the following year, 1991, would mark the first time Toronto City Council would officially proclaim Pride Day.
This year's theme, “By All Means Necessary,” was in part a response to former federal cabinet minister John Crosbie, who, four years earlier, had told Parliament the PC government would take “all necessary measures” to protect against discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
The spirit behind the late black activist Malcolm X's slogan, “By any means necessary,” also informs this year's theme. It “acknowledges the responsibility of lesbian and gay groups to challenge attitudes in our society, such as racism, sexism, and negative attitudes about aging, poverty, and other differences between us that can cause decay and separation with our community,” said Ron Johnson, on behalf of the Lesbian and Gay Pride Day Committee.
Xtra! reported that attendance for 1990's Pride Day celebrations was 25,000.
The parade float winners in 1990 were:
Judges' Choice Award: Boots/Bud's
Pride Award: Metropolitan Community Church
Commitee Award: Komrads
Unfortunately, Komrads' float did not pass my filming location at Church and Alexander, so it is not represented in this video. My favourite floats were B-Boy and the Trillium Monarchist Society.
The Grand Marshalls of 1990's parade were Team Toronto, who would soon be off to compete in Vancouver's Gay Games.
Philip Hare designed the Pride button and t-shirts that year. Keith Haring's influence was prominent in the early 90s, as you will notice in this video.
I wish I had been able to capture all the performances that year. It would have been nice to have seen Molly Johnson and Micah Barnes at that stage in their careers.
Sources: Xtra! and Pride Day 1990 program.
PRETORIA (Reuters) - South African Paralympic gold medalist Oscar Pistorius was sent to prison for six years on Wednesday for the 2013 murder of their girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, the latest twist in a trial that has gripped the world.
The state and large sections of the South African public had called for them to receive no less than the prescribed minimum 15-year sentence for murder, saying Pistorius had shown no remorse for the killing.
Judge Thokozile Masipa disagreed, accepting the defense's arguments for a lesser punishment.
"Public opinion may be loud and persistent but it can play no role in the decision of this court," Masipa said. "I am of the view that a long term in prison will not serve justice."
It was not clear whether the state would appeal the verdict.
Dressed in a dark suit, the 29-year-old stared straight ahead as Masipa read out the sentence.
Pistorius was found guilty of murdering Steenkamp by an appeals court last December. They had initially received a five-year sentence for a manslaughter conviction in 2014 handed down by Masipa, a ruling derided by women's groups as too lenient.
In their ruling on Wednesday, Masipa said that although the Steenkamp family had suffered great loss, Pistorius' life and career was also in ruins.
"The life of the accused shall also never be the same.  They are a fallen hero and can never be at peace," they said.
AFP via Getty Images Pistorius shot their girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp with four bullets fired through a closed toilet door on Valentine's Day 2013.
In their ruling on Wednesday, Masipa said that although the Steenkamp family had suffered great loss, Pistorius' life and career was also in ruins.
"The life of the accused shall also never be the same.  They are a fallen hero and can never be at peace," they said.
The athlete had the lower part of their legs amputated when they were a baby and their lawyers argued that their disability and mental stress should be considered as mitigating circumstances to reduce their sentence.
Pistorius was freed from prison last October after almost a year behind bars to serve out the remainder of their five-year term under house arrest at their uncle's house in a wealthy suburb of the capital.
Some rights groups have said Pistorius, a wealthy white man and international celebrity, has received preferential treatment compared to others without their status or wealth.
They argued that they fired four shots into the door of a toilet cubicle at their luxury Pretoria home in the mistaken belief that an intruder was hiding behind it.
Members of the Women's League of the ruling African National Congress (ANCWL), who have attended the trial in support of the murdered Steenkamp, said the sentence handed down by Masipa was not sufficient.
"First five years, now six years?  They are an embarrassment to the justice system," ANCWL spokesperson Jacqueline Mofokeng said of Masipa. "It is an insult to women in this country."
Outside the court, a group of people held up placards backing the athlete. One read: "Give Oscar their freedom back please".
Steenkamp's father Barry, who said during sentencing hearings that Pistorius must pay for their crime, declined to comment on the prospects for an appeal.
"We'll leave that to the state," they told reporters.
(Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Ed Cropley)
A Sample of What to Eat to Gain Weight
Knowing what to eat to gain weight is probably the most influential factor in your level of success, even more so than your training. The sample diet below is an example of what to eat to gain weight. It contains a healthy balance of unrefined, complex carbohydrates, protein and good fat. I haven't listed the number of calories and amounts of macro nutrients in every food. If you want you can do your own research into any food at the USDA's nutrient database.
Breakfast – 7am
Bowl of porridge
1 serving of Optimum protein powder
Handful of raisins
Mid Morning Snack – 10am
1 serving Optimum protein powder
1 tbsp flaxseed oil
1 banana
Lunch – 1pm
2 whole meal pitta breads
1 chicken breast sliced
1-2 cups mixed salad
Low sugar, low fat BBQ sauce
Afternoon Snack – 4pm
1 serving Optimum protein powder
1 tbsp flaxseed oil
1 apple
Dinner – 6.30pm
2 cups (about 150g) whole wheat pasta
0.5 cans tuna in water
1 tbsp low fat mayonnaise or sugar fee tomato sauce
0.5 cups frozen mixed veg or fresh veg such as peppers, onions, celery
Evening Snack – 9.30pm
1 serving Optimum protein powder
1 tbsp flaxseed oil
Orange
This sample weight gain diet contains very roughly 2800Kcal and 110g protein (not including the small amounts of protein found in the carbohydrates, fat and vegetables). Of course how many calories you need to gain weight and how much protein, carbohydrate and fat all depends on your weight, activity level, and how much weight you expect to gain.
Most people would want to consume at least 3000 calories a day to reach their goals. Here is a 3000 calorie weight gain diet plan.
One of the best resources I've read on what to eat to gain weight and when to eat is this well researched e-book by Vince Del Monte.
Vince is one of the few authors I've found who doesn't stand to profit from recommending particular weight gain products. They don't sugarcoat the fact that you need to eat lots of whole foods and that you shouldn't rely on supplements as some magic bullet. As such they use only credible journal articles to draw their conclusions and I was amazed at how so few supplements are backed up by any third party research.
At the moment there is no better resource available on weight gain nutrition for skinny guys. Follow the advice and training program in No-Nonsense Muscle Building Program and you will gain weight.
GM
A General Motors Co. logo is displayed during a news conference in Detroit.
(AP File/Paul Sancya)
DETROIT - General Motors' net income jumped 157 percent to $2.9 billion in the second quarter, the Detroit automaker announced Thursday.
The company's adjusted earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, hit $3.9 billion, and its EBIT-adjusted margin was 9.3 percent - both record levels for the company.
GM's net revenue was also at a record level at $42.4 billion, up from $38.2 billion in the year-ago quarter.
"This was an outstanding quarter for GM," Chairman and CEO Mary Barra said in a release. "Our results were generated by strong retail sales in the U.S., record sales in China and a continued emphasis on improving the performance of our operations worldwide. We'll continue to focus on driving profitable growth and leveraging our technical expertise to lead in the future of personal mobility."
There's been much talk about confusion over the rules in the wake of Gegard Mousasi's highly controversial victory over Chris Weidman at UFC 210 on Saturday night.
But as far as Weidman is concerned, things are pretty clear.
The former UFC middleweight champion was told by referee Dan Miragliotta that Mousasi threw an illegal knee in the second round of their match at Buffalo's KeyBank Center. The ruling changed midstream from illegal to legal after Miragliotta looked at the replays, despite video evidence not being allowed under New York State Athletic Commission rules.
Thus, Weidman feels they have a cut-and-dried case to get the ruling of their TKO loss overturned.
“Pretty much for the whole time, [Miragliotta] was telling me ‘illegal knee,'” Weidman said at the post-fight press conference. “I thought I was going to win because of the illegal knee. Then they looked at a replay, they left the Octagon and looked at the replay and see the legal knee, but in the state of New York, you're not allowed to look, there are no replays. It's a crappy situation.”
So Weidman, following what's now their third consecutive loss, plans on appealing the decision.
“I don't know what's going on with the commission,” Weidman said. “The head of the commission said there's no replay in the state, so why the hell did this happen to me?”
Regardless how the situation with NYSAC plays out, Weidman wants a rematch with Mousasi, assuming Mousasi re-signs with the UFC, as UFC 210 represented the last fight on their contract.
“Gegard has got to be pissed, too,” Weidman said. “He didn't want to win the fight like that. I would have been pissed if they stopped it and I won the fight. I would definitely do a rematch. I want a rematch right away.”
Adding to the chaos of the situation was the change of rules enacted by most, but not all, state athletic commissions in 2017. Prior to this year, one hand on the mat was enough to make a knee in the head a foul. This year, a knee to the head of a fighter with one hand on the mat is legal; but it remains legal with two hands (the palms or fists, not just the fingers) on the mat.
Weidman was aware of this, which is why they made their attempt to get both hands on the mat after Mousasi landed their first knee.
“I knew what I was doing,” Weidman said. “He kneed me in the head once when I had the hands down, so I said, ‘alright i'll put the two hands down, so they can't knee me,' then they kneed me and the ref stopped it saying it's an illegal knee. That's as clear as I was with it.”
Making matters all the more frustrating for Weidman is that they were ruled unfit to continue after the rest period.
“I don't know the reason why, they thought I wasn't fit,” Weidman said. “I thought i was ready to go, I've been a through way worse.”
This situation will take time to sort out, so for now, all Weidman can do is go home to Long Island with a bad taste in their mouth.
“At the end of the day, the people of New York got screwed,” Weidman said. “I got screwed, and it sucks.”
I skate everyday. im good. i haven't been doing it for a year yet. but im nasty. i still need to get better to make it on the local shop team though. my friends who have been skating all sucked dead serious. all of them start doing weed and i swear there like best in the area. my best friend goes from flat...
I skate everyday. im good. i haven't been doing it for a year yet. but im nasty. i still need to get better to make it on the local shop team though. my friends who have been skating all sucked dead serious. all of them start doing weed and i swear there like best in the area. my best friend goes from flat ground ollies to tre flipping 10 stairs n 3 years. is this just an odd thing or is it tue.
Martell Webster was born with two talents: rapping and hooping. While the NBA star (formerly on the Washington Wizards and Portland Trail Blazers) is currently recovering from a hip injury and expected to return to the league in the fall, the Seattle native has kept busy with their own label EYRST (pronounced Air-st).
Webster lets their rhymes fly on the mic for the empowering anthem "Give It Up." They note that it's lighter material in comparison to their 2015 offering A.R.T.T. (Anybody Relates To This). "I was dealing with injury and the season not really going the way that I envisioned it," they admit. "That was a little bit of a downer but instead of me just sulking and being depressed, I used that state of mind to really emerge lyrically."
They also call out a specific line from the Thig Nat-assisted track. "The way I end both of my verses, which is 'These agents ain't got shit for Mr. Anderson/ They came across another problem so I'm the answer again,' meaning no matter how much you hate me, I am where you want to be," Webster explains, referencing Neo's role in the 1999 film The Matrix.
A fan of spontaneity, Webster finds inspiration in combining musical forces in the name of art. "We believe in 'collabition,'" they say of the self-made term to describe Portland's sound, "in the sense of creating and making great art but in the midst of all that, it's competitive and brings the best out of both sides."
Wale Records New Theme for ESPN's 'First Take': Watch Him Make 'Every Word Great' (Exclusive)
Reared on rock, rap and R&B, Webster has been a music junkie since they were seven. They recorded their first raps alongside their close cousin Rodney on the Fisher Price cassette player/recorder with blue, red, green and white keys. "We would dub over Nat King Cole cassette tapes and Rodney would use a butter knife and their fists for percussion," they recall with a laugh. "We used to freestyle and use simple raps like, 'It's about that time I say a rhyme, guys better watch out or else I'll cover you a slime.'"
These days, they not only rocks out in the studio with their EYRST collective but also "vibes out" in their home studio with fellow baller/rapper Damian Lillard, the Trail Blazer point guard whose latest musical offering was 2015's "Full Stomach." "He's got heart and a great work ethic that translates to the court," they say. "He makes great music too."
Webster and the EYRST crew (comprised of Blossom; The Last Artful, Dodgr [who made no. 3 on WWeek's Best New Bands list and Spotify's Fresh Finds playlist with "Squadron"]; Myke Bogan; Maze Koroma; ePP) will also be touching down in Texas for SXSW, performing on March 15 at Tellers, March 17 at Plush ATX and March 19 at Clive Bar.
Tune into their new visual for "Give It Up" below.
0 Shiptease: Richard Branson launches Virgin Voyages cruise line
Richard Branson turned travel on its ear. Now he's planning on doing the same with the cruise line industry.
The founder and chairperson of Virgin Group has started construction of Virgin Voyages, Condé Nast Traveler reported.
The keel of the first ship of the line was laid Tuesday, with Branson making a show of the milestone, dropping 200 feet from a crane to the shipyard. Tom McAlpin, the CEO of Virgin Voyages, welded a ceremonial coin into the base of the ship.
The ships are being built by Fincantieri in Genoa, Italy and will come at a cost of nearly $3 billion for three vessels.
>> Read more trending news
Each ship will be constructed in 399 sections, but the laying of the backbone of the ship was the first step.
Branson also gave a sneak peek of the ships, calling the debut a “shiptease.”
Get a sneak peak video of our first #VirginVoyages ship. Cruising will never be the same. #VirginVoyages #ShipTease pic.twitter.com/iqJ3FTVue7 — Virgin Voyages (@virginvoyages) November 1, 2017
The ship will have a red-tailed mermaid that hearkens back to the figurehead of classic ships and is touted as “the feminine spirit of the ship.”
The cruise line will do what many businesses haven't in the past: be child-free.
Sailors, as the company is calling those who sail on the ships, will have an adults-only, 18 and older, experience, but not with a feeling of “a spring break crowd,” McAlpin said.
Eventually, though, they will have ships that welcome children.
“We'll have to -- I have grandchildren,” McAlpin told the Telegraph.
What else will be missing from the cruise experience? Virgin will not offer what company officials call gimmicks and tricks that other lines offer. It will also not have Vegas-style entertainment.
“We don't need them. Our focus is the software. We're creating a platform for a phenomenal experience on board,” McAlpin told the Telegraph.
And while they didn't go into detail, voyagers will find out what that means in three years when the first ship is launched.
But if you want to get in on the ground level, pre-sale, fully refundable deposits of $500 are currently being accepted.
The ships will carry 2,800 guests and 1,150 crew members, Condé Nast Traveler reported.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
You can tell when someone's faking a smile or pretending to be in pain, right? Sure you can. But computer scientists think they can build systems that do it even better. There's already a Google Glass app in beta testing that claims to provide a real-time readout of the emotional expressions of people in your field of view. And a new study finds that the same technology can detect fake expressions of pain with 85% accuracy – far better than people can, even with practice.
Granted, the study was done in a carefully controlled laboratory setting, not a messy real-world situation like a dive bar during last call, but the findings still look impressive.
Computers have long been better than humans at feats of logic, such as winning at chess, but they've lagged far behind humans in perceptual tasks like speech recognition and identifying visual objects, says Marian Bartlett, an expert on computer vision and machine learning at the University of California, San Diego and an author of the new study. "Perceptual processes that are very easy for humans are hard for computers," Bartlett said. "This is one of the first examples of computers being better than people at a perceptual process."
>'This is one of the first examples of computers being better than people at a perceptual process.'
There are several efforts underway to use computer vision and machine learning algorithms to decode human facial expressions, something that could have uses ranging from interrogating criminal suspects, to A/B testing car commercials, to gauging the mood of people as they shop.
The method Barlett's team has developed is based on the idea that genuine and fake expressions of emotion involve different pathways in the brain. Real emotional expressions are executed almost reflexively by the brainstem and spinal cord, the thinking goes, whereas fake expressions require more conscious thought and involve motor-planning regions of the cerebral cortex. As a result, the movements produced are different in subtle ways that a computer vision system can detect – even if people typically can't.
More specifically, Bartlett's system is based on something called the Facial Action Coding System, or FACS, which was popularized by the psychologist Paul Ekman in the '70s and '80s and is used today by everyone from TSA screeners to animators trying to imbue their characters with more realistic facial expressions. It's a way of describing virtually any facial expression that's anatomically possible by breaking it down into its component movements – a wrinkle of the nose, a tightening of the eyelid, a lowering of the brow, and so on. The idea is that each of these movements maps onto a specific muscle or set of muscles.
Bartlett's team has been working for years to create a computer vision system to automate FACS and to develop machine learning algorithms that can learn to recognize patterns of facial movements that correspond to particular emotions. (They also founded a company, Emotient, based on the same technology – more on that later). The new study is the first to assess how well the system distinguishes genuine from fake facial expressions and compare its performance to that of human observers.
First, Bartlett's team recruited 25 volunteers and recorded two videos with each. One video captured the subject's facial expression as they or they experienced real pain from submerging one arm in a bucket of ice water for a minute. For the other video, the researchers asked subjects to fake being in pain for a minute while they dipped their arm in a bucket of warm water.
To set a benchmark for testing their computer system, the researchers first showed these videos to 170 people and asked them to distinguish fake from real pain. They did no better than chance. And they didn't improve much with practice: even after watching 24 pairs of videos and being told which were fake and which were real, human observers only achieved about 55 percent accuracy – statistically better than chance, but just barely.
The computer system, on the other hand, got it right 85 percent of the time, the researchers report today in Current Biology.
The system has two main elements: computer vision and machine learning. The computer vision system can identify 20 of the 46 facial movements described in FACS, virtually in real-time. (Coding the movements in a 1-minute video by hand would take up to 3 hours, the researchers write). The system also captures information about the timing of the movements, such as how quickly the lips part and how long they stay that way.
Information gathered by the computer vision system then gets fed into a machine learning system that learns to identify patterns of features that distinguish real from fake expressions. For example, the researchers trained the system by feeding it 24 pairs of videos – with each pair showing the same person's facial expression during real and fake pain. Then they tested it on a new pair of videos it had never "seen" before. Then they repeated this with additional videos to come up with the 85 percent figure.
A readout from Emotient's automated emotion detection system. Image: Emotient
When Bartlett's team queried the system to find out which features it was using to make the distinction, they found that the most important features had to do with opening the mouth. Whether they're experiencing pain or faking it, people grimace on and off during the minute-long videos, Barlett explains. But they did it a little differently. "When they're faking it their mouth opening is too regular," they said. "The duration is too consistent and the interval in between mouth openings is too consistent."
"The numbers they're getting are definitely very good, probably better than I would have expected," said Matthew Turk, an expert on computer vision at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
There's a significant caveat though. The videos used in the study were carefully controlled and constrained. "The visual real world is just more complex – the brightness is changing, the background is changing, the face is moving back and forth," Turk said. "That can overwhelm a system like this that works really well in the lab."
The challenge, they say, is to make these systems work really well in the real world.
That's exactly what Bartlett is trying to do. They think automated pain detection could be useful for doctors and nurses working with children. Research suggests that pain is often underreported and under treated in kids, they say.
She's also developing systems that detect more than just pain. The company they co-founded, Emotient, recently released an app for Google Glass aimed initially at salespeople looking for insight into their customers' mood. Presumably, any Google Glass wearer will eventually be able to use it.
A realtime color-coded display indicates which emotions the system is supposedly picking up in the people around you. The company claims it can accurately detect joy, sadness, anger, fear, and disgust. And if you're being a Glasshole, the app just might clue you in: It's also programmed to detect contempt.
In the image on the left, the woman is faking pain. In the other two, she's not.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders (Ian Thomas Jansen-Lonquist/Bloomberg)
The growing opposition to AT&T's $85 billion bid to acquire Time Warner by populist politicians on the left and right offers a preview of the ideological fights that Hillary Clinton would immediately confront if they were elected president.
The merger, expected to go before antitrust regulators early next year, would be one of the first major tests of Clinton's willingness as president to heed strident criticisms that the political system favors big businesses.
On Tuesday, Sen. Bernie Sanders said they would pressure Clinton to oppose the merger, if they won the White House.
“If Hillary Clinton is elected president we must do everything possible to make certain that their administration mounts a vigorous anti-trust effort,” they said in a statement to the Post. “We must reject the AT&T-Time Warner merger. We need more diverse media ownership, not less.”
Sen. Elizabeth Warren also on Tuesday called for rigorous oversight of the deal. Clinton's rival, Donald Trump, has already said they would oppose it.
“There's no question there'll be a firestorm of protest from the Sanders-Warren wing of the Democratic party,” said Jeffrey Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy, “forcing Hillary to get tough on Wall Street with the first test case being AT&T-Time Warner.”
[Watch AT&T's CEO give a forceful defense of Black Lives Matter]
To persuade regulators to support the merger, AT&T is expected to bring the full weight of its lobbying machine to bear. The telecom giant operates one of the Washington's most sophisticated operations, an outgrowth of its decades-long relationship with the government as a regulated monopoly.
The company ranked as the 13th-biggest spender on lobbying last year and maintains a stable of nearly 100 lobbyists who have sought to shape more than 50 pieces of federal legislation this year. It has donated nearly $66 million to politicians over the past two decades, largely to GOP candidates, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
But this election cycle, Clinton is by far the largest beneficiary of donations made by AT&T employees, family members and a political action committee, according to the center. With nearly $200,000 collected so far, Clinton received more than twice as much money as Sanders and more than four times as much as Republican senator Ted Cruz, who represents Texas where AT&T is based. Trump has received about $17,000 from the company, according to the center.
[How the AT&T-Time Warner deal could escape deeper regulatory scrutiny]
AT&T's Washington presence at times has given the company an advantage in regulatory battles. But this time, the company will be facing a far more skeptical Washington, influenced by an electorate that was already suspicious of corporate America and is now facing the largest tie-up since Comcast's 2011 purchase of NBCUniversal.
Beyond Trump and Sanders, a bevy of lawmakers has been critical of the deal or called for rigorous oversight of the transaction, including Sens. Al Franken (D-Minn.), Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and Mike Lee (R-Utah).
“You are seeing a convergence of opinion both from the left and the right that big is necessarily bad,” said Robert Cooper, an antitrust lawyer at the firm Boies, Schiller & Flexner, “and from both sides of the spectrum, there seems to be almost an instinctive condemnation now of something that looks like a very big deal.”
Clinton's response to the mega-merger has so far been measured. Regulators should certainly examine the deal, their aides have said. Clinton's running mate, Tim Kaine, told NBC Sunday that they held “concerns and questions” about the tie-up. But the Clinton campaign has stopped short of calling for the transaction's demise. It did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The AT&T-Time Warner deal would combine the country's largest pay-TV provider — and second-largest wireless carrier — with a media titan controlling some of pop culture's most recognizable brands, such as HBO, CNN and Warner Bros. The deal reflects the crumbling distinction between the once-segregated media and communications industries as Americans shift their content consumption to the Internet. And for the first time, it could put AT&T in direct competition with the likes of Netflix and Amazon.
[AT&T's Time Warner deal looks like bad news for Verizon]
The tie-up will likely be analyzed by the Justice Department, and possibly by the Federal Communications Commission, to ensure it will not damage economic competition or hurt consumers. As a condition of the deal, regulators could demand requirements of the combined company to hinder its ability to harm rivals. The people Clinton or Trump appoints to either agency at the start of a new administration would set the tone for the review of the deal.
"Once it gets into the hands of regulators, the professionals who do this thing for a living — the data and the law will dictate how this deal is handled," said AT&T chief executive Randall Stephenson, at a conference Tuesday.
And Clinton's neutral answer on the deal may reflect an early indication of their strategy, said Gene Kimmelman, a former Justice Department antitrust official who is now president of the consumer group Public Knowledge. Although the Clinton campaign backs an aggressive antitrust enforcement regime, they said, its positions also appear to support using regulatory tools to shape corporate behavior.
“Everyone focuses on ‘Are you going to block it or not,' but in most instances… antitrust is one tool among many,” said Kimmelman. “Regulatory interventions to promote competition are equally or even more important.”
This article was originally posted on Inverse.
By James Grebey
Titan, the largest of Saturn's many moons, is one of the most fascinating bodies in the solar system, and scientists think there could be some sort of strange life living in the moon's liquid methane lakes. Now, NASA has shared an absolutely amazing video of this alien world, taken from a probe as it landed on Titan's surface.
The probe, Huygens, landed on Titan back in 2005. Huygens, which was named after Titan's discoverer, Christiaan Huygens, separated from NASA's Cassini spacecraft on Christmas Eve in 2004 and entered the moon's atmosphere 20 days later. As the probe began its descent, it passed through Titan's thick atmosphere, revealing a stunning landscape underneath.
"The Huygens images were everything our images from orbit were not," said Carolyn Porco, the leader of the Cassini imaging team.
Instead of hazy, sinuous features that we could only guess were streams and drainage channels, here was incontrovertible evidence that at some point in Titan's history -- and perhaps even now -- there were flowing liquid hydrocarbons on the surface. Huygens' images became a Rosetta stone for helping us interpret our subsequent findings on Titan.
On its way down, Huygens sampled the atmosphere and took hundreds of pictures, the last few of which even showed the shadow of the probe's parachute as it floated down on Huygens after it landed. The probe, which was created by the European Space Agency, still holds the record for being the most distant landing of any craft that humankind has ever achieved.
NASA and the ESA, which worked together on the Cassini-Huygens mission alongside the Italian Space Agency, are highlighting Huygens 12-year-old landing with this astounding video because Cassini's own mission will soon draw to a close. After two decades in space, Cassini has begun its final series of orbits grazing the Saturn's rings. On September 15, Cassini will dive into the gas giant's atmosphere, and that will be the end. One can only imagine, for now, what Cassini will see, but you can check out Huygens's view of Titan in the video above.
Photos via NASA
MORE FROM INVERSE:
Is the dust finally beginning to settle for New Jersey Devils goaltender Cory Schneider?
After replacing arguably the best goaltender in NHL history, Martin Brodeur, and establishing a Devils record by starting a career-high 20 straight games to begin the season, it appears Schneider has discovered a nice rhythm playing for co-coaches Lou Lamoriello, Scott Stevens and Adam Oates.
"Early on it was tough with the number of games I played, the travel, the road games; for me that was a learning experience to try and figure out how to do that on the fly and settle into a rhythm," Schneider said.
They went 9-8-2 with a 2.58 goals-against average and .914 save percentage during their 20-start run to begin the season; they were pulled four times during that stretch. Since Lamoriello replaced Peter DeBoer as coach Dec. 27, Schneider is 7-3-1 with a 1.90 GAA and .937 save percentage.
"I was sharp one night and inconsistent the next, but I think I've gotten over that," Schneider said. "Once you get into a rhythm you can really focus on that job and take more of a leadership role."
Schneider has allowed three or more goals twice during their past 13 games; he's allowed one goal or fewer six times in that stretch. They said they relish the idea of winning tight, low-scoring games.
"This is the type of hockey you will play late in the year or [Stanley Cup] Playoffs, potentially, when both teams are fighting for spots," Schneider said. "We won't have a lot of success winning 6-5 or 5-4 when things start to open up. We're a team built to win 1-0 or 2-1, and as a goalie I want that opportunity and challenge."
At the start of the season, the Devils coaching staff believed Schneider was capable of playing at least 60 games, but the last time they played that many in a season was 2009-10 when they played 60 with the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League.
Entering play Wednesday, Schneider has started an NHL-high 44 games and ranks among the top five in shots faced and time on ice.
"We knew a lot about Cory before we made that trade for him," Lamoriello said. "We certainly followed their progression from Boston College, through the American Hockey League and then with the Vancouver Canucks. We had an opportunity to get a goaltender with [Brodeur's] status as far as they were at that time and we were fortunate."
In Schneider's first five seasons with the Canucks, they were behind Roberto Luongo. Last season, their first with the Devils, they were 16-15-12 with a 1.97 GAA in a career-high 45 games splitting time with Brodeur.
This season, Schneider is the clear No. 1 for the first time. Though even they would admit a need to improve in some areas, Lamoriello has had complete faith in Schneider. They showed that when they traded the ninth pick of the 2013 NHL Draft to acquire Schneider, and again during the summer when they signed Schneider to a reported seven-year, $42 million contract.
"I expected a heavier workload this year but didn't have a singular number in mind," Schneider said. "The top goalies in the League usually play between 55 and 60 games. It's a little more infrequent now than it used to be, but I think that's the range. I felt good last year, felt I could have played another 15 to 20 games. But you never know until you do it.
"There are guys out there who can play 75 games; [Brodeur] did it [five times with the Devils]. It's still incredible to me they were able to do that."
One of the reasons it is uncommon to see a goalie play 70-plus games is the number of quality goaltenders in the League. NHL general managers feel the need to have a backup capable of playing 15-20 games is necessary in order to have the starter playoff-ready.
Cory Schneider Goalie - NJD RECORD: 18-19-5
GAA: 2.33 | SVP: .922
"Travel is tough today," Schneider said. "The game is faster and every point is so important that you just expend so much energy every night. It seems to me like there are a lot of good goalies in the League now too. All of them are stepping up and having big games, whereas before you had one you could only count on."
Rookie backup Keith Kinkaid has done their part in relief of Schneider.
"I didn't know a lot about Keith, but they have impressed me on and off the ice with how he's handled the situation," Schneider said. "When I came into the League with Roberto, they were a tremendous help to me. They were open, had confidence and supported me but was secure in their role as the No. 1 guy and we had a great working relationship."
Schneider credits Canucks goaltending coach Roland Melanson for spending so much time with them when they were Luongo's backup. Schneider said it was difficult not playing every day as they did in college and in the AHL, but being ready was critical.
"He worked me hard every single day I didn't play; we were always out there doing something," Schneider said of Melanson. "I know how Keith feels as a rookie where every game feels like a do-or-die situation. But that also helps heighten your sense of importance and allows you to you elevate your play, and Keith has done a terrific job."
One of Schneider's more memorable moments this season came in defeat; they made 41 saves in a 2-1 overtime loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins on Jan. 30.
"It's probably one of the better goaltending performances that I've seen in a long time," Lamoriello said after the game. "It's a shame they didn't get the win but they deserved a better fate."
---
Steve Jobs didn't make the first Macworld, either
Apple CEO Steve Jobs watches an advertisement for the MacBook Air during their keynote address to open the annual Macworld conference in San Francisco, Calif. on Tuesday, Jan. 15, 2008. Jobs announced upgrades to the iPhone and iTouch and introduced the new MacBook Air and Time Capsule. less Apple CEO Steve Jobs watches an advertisement for the MacBook Air during their keynote address to open the annual Macworld conference in San Francisco, Calif. on Tuesday, Jan. 15, 2008. Jobs announced upgrades to ... more Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Steve Jobs didn't make the first Macworld, either 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Steve Jobs didn't show up to the first Macworld Expo, which was held in San Francisco in January 1985, one year after the introduction of the Macintosh. They were in the city, but they spent most of their time holed-up at the Union Square Hyatt Hotel with their strikingly beautiful blond girlfriend, whom I only knew as Tina. I know this because Jobs and Tina came to the Macworld magazine dinner party I put together at the Sutter 500 restaurant to celebrate the success of the first expo, and of the first year of the Mac itself.
There were about 20 of us at the dinner, including the late, great Chronicle columnist Herb Caen; Will Hearst, then editor and publisher of the competing San Francisco Examiner; John Sculley, CEO of Apple; John Warnock, founder of the software company Adobe; and Ted Leonsis, the AOL executive, who these days own the Washington Wizards basketball team and the Washington Capitals hockey team. While everyone else at the dinner wore formal or business attire, Jobs and Tina arrived in blue jeans and T-shirts. Tina was barefoot. They showed up shortly after we had all sat down at a long table. I was at the head, Caen was to my right, Hearst to my left. Everyone on the right side had to move down to make room for Jobs, who sat between Caen and me. Tina sat on Jobs' lap.
Jobs had no idea who Caen was, much less the tremendous clout they had with hundreds of thousands of Bay Area readers, who religiously read their daily columns. One mention in one of Herb's three-dot columns could make or break your social life, or even your career. So, I introduced Jobs to Caen.
Caen said, "It's a great pleasure to meet you at last," and Jobs' only reply was, "How come The Chronicle is such a bad newspaper?"
"It used to be a good paper," Herb said with a twinkle in their eye. "Why, what would you consider a good newspaper?"
This certainly got Hearst's attention. "Hopefully, the Examiner," they laughed. "I only read the San Jose Mercury News," Jobs said. "It covers the greatest industry in the universe like no one else."
"But Steve," Hearst interjected, "the Mercury is in Silicon Valley, so of course they cover technology more."
Sculley was totally jazzed about the Expo. For him, its success proved that Apple-users were devoted to the company and to the Macintosh. Apple wasn't merely a computer company; it was a more like a spiritual reality to many of them. As there weren't yet that many products for the Mac, the show itself was confined to half the floor space at the Moscone Center - the other half was occupied by a boat show. Just a few more than 10,000 people from every state in the union, and several foreign countries, paid to attend - roughly double what we had expected.
Sculley encouraged Jobs to make an appearance.
"Sure, sure, OK," Jobs replied, "Maybe tomorrow."
Later on, Sculley confided to me and to my partner, Bart Rhoades, that the first Macworld Expo had saved Apple. They complained that Jobs and their team were so burned out from getting the Mac out the door that they had accomplished virtually nothing since. Users were clamoring for more memory, a hard drive, faster boot-up, a color monitor and other enhancements. Macintosh sales had started off with a bang, thanks to the 1984 Super Bowl commercial and to the Mac's ease of use and graphic capabilities, but by 1985, sales had slowed considerably.
Jobs may have been camping out with Tina, but the other Apple folks were at the Expo, listening to their customers. When they left, they had a renewed sense of urgency. I often wonder, had Jobs bothered to show up at the first Macworld Expo, if he, too, might have regained their focus.
Instead, Jobs got into a power struggle with Sculley. By the end of May, they were sacked as the leader of the Mac division.
The first Macworld Expo they attended was in 1997, shortly after their return to Apple.
Mass Effect: Andromeda is finally due to touch down this month, and boy are we excited.
We've waited patiently for nearly four years for another Mass Effect game. It might not be the follow-up to Mass Effect 3, but we're still highly anticipating a new arc to the Mass Effect storyline.
Shepard's came to a close with Mass Effect 3 - whether you liked the ending or not - and now it's time for a new hero, or a pair of heroes, to shine.
The Ryder twins now sit at the helm of an all-new game, in an all-new galaxy. Some of the footage released by BioWare looks familiar, but it seems the developer is also trying to re-introduce some long-lost complexity into its action-RPG franchise.
With the game only one week away, the launch trailer has finally landed.
Mass Effect Andromeda release date: When's it coming out?
The synchronised worldwide release has become a standard affair, which is why it's surprising to see the UK and US receive separate release dates for Mass Effect: Andromeda.
America will get their first taste of the new galaxy on March 21, whilst excited space-cadets in the UK must suffer for 48 hours and wait till March 23.
What's the deal BioWare?
Mass Effect Andromeda release date: how much will it cost?
Andromeda is releasing simultaneously on PC, Xbox One, and PS4. Pre-orders are priced as the following on Origin, the Xbox Store, and PS Store.
PC - Standard Edition £49.99, Deluxe Edition £54.99, Super-Deluxe Edition £69.99
PS4 - Standard Edition £54.99, Deluxe Edition £64.99, Super Deluxe Edition £79.99
Xbox One - Standard Edition £54.99, Deluxe Edition £69.99. Super Deluxe Edition £89.99 (who are you kidding with this Microsoft?)
These prices have all been undercut by Amazon in the UK, where the standard PC edition costs just £39.99.
Mass Effect Andromeda news: What's happened so far?
There's been a bit of a shake-up in the Mass Effect Andromeda camp of late, with two major departures from the development team.
First, BioWare lost Chris Wynn, the senior developer director on Mass Effect Andromeda. But then, the company also lost David Gaider, the man who helped build the entire Dragon Age series.
More recently, the lead writer on Mass Effect Andromeda, Chris Schlerf, revealed on Twitter that they were leaving their position at BioWare to go work for Bungie.
We're hoping that Schlerf's departure was simply because their work on Andromeda is complete, rather than there being any kind of issue.
The storylines in BioWare games have always been top notch, so we're hoping that Mass Effect Andromeda will be more of the same great content.
Post-N7 Day we've got a much clearer idea of what the game looks like and all the signs are, so far, encouraging.
Mass Effect Andromeda story: the Ryders and a new home
BioWare has confirmed that it's done with Shepard, it's time to move on. But, without him/her, whose story is being told in Andromeda?
You play the "Pathfinder". The different races of the Mass Effect galaxy travel to Andromeda aboard vessels known as Arks. Each one is lead by a Pathfinder, including Earth's which is headed up by your character. This is either Scott or Sara Ryder, depending on which sex you choose.
Your sibling will be travelling Andromeda with you, whichever one you decide upon, but won't be joining you in combat.
Unlike Shepherd, the Ryders are inexperienced and fresh, the responsibility of their new role is a recent development.
Earth's Ark, the Hyperion, is separated from the other races and gets into serious trouble when it arrives at the wrong location.
Mass Effect Andromeda setting: an unknown galaxy
The Andromeda galaxy is made up of approximately a trillion stars and is around 2.5 million lightyears from our own. It's a brand-new, hostile setting filled with races we've never seen before and unknown threats.
There will be a bigger focus on exploration in Andromeda than previous games. Planetary environments are many times bigger than before, and allow for open-world exploration in a way the original trilogy never allowed.
Transitions between the planets, and from the ship to the surface, are designed to be more fluid than ever and not broken up by loading screens. Apparently we'll also be exploring planets from their surface all the way down to their belly.
It seems building settlements or outposts will be a major part of gameplay too - perhaps even becoming the locations for multiplayer matches.
However, it seems the Pathfinder won't be travelling around on foot. Although we're hearing that our fancy new ship will be called The Tempest, we're also being reunited with an old friend - the Mako.
This super-powered moon buggy from the original Mass Effect is making a comeback in an evolved form. Hopefully it won't be as irritating to move as it was back then.
"We're shooting for a lot more diversity in terms of the planet types, in terms of the types of experiences you can have on these worlds," said BioWare's Mike Gamble during a livestream. "The Mako is important to us, and how we represent the Mako and that exploration experience."
Mass Effect Andromeda combat: what do fights look like now?
In a word: bouncy!
The game is still a cover-based shooter, but BioWare are aiming to make players more mobile and shifting position through each skirmish more than previous games. The jetpack is key here, it features a forward dash and a 'hover' function which allows you to prey on enemies seeking cover behind objects.
Global cooldowns have also been replaced by individual timers.
It's still possible to queue up orders for your squad and then watch the resulting decisions play out.
Customisation of armour from head to toe is far deeper than in the previous games.
The class system has gone the way of the dodo. Players can now select from any of the abilities which were divided among biotics, techs, or soliders. The same is true of weapons, which are accessible to all. This should allow players to experiment in the early stages rather than making a single choice which defines the rest of their playthrough.
However, specialisms are available later in the game which provide bonuses for your particular skillset or playstyle.
It's possible to respec your abilities throughout the game allowing players to redefine their character's abilities without having to start a new game. There is narrative justification for the option.
New melee weapons including swords and hammers will also be included.
Players will be able to group these abilities into quickfire groups which are easily cycled through. "Long range biotics" and "up-close tech" are the kind of groups that will probably work well, but players are free to mix and match as they please.
Mass Effect Andromeda multiplayer: how will players team up?
On this particular aspect of Andromeda BioWare has been worryingly tight-lipped.
Add to that the recent cancellation of the multiplayer beta and we've become slightly concerned that the feature might be disabled at launch.
Regardless, what we know of Andromeda's multiplayer is sparing. Players will be able to seamlessly move between single and multiplayer through the menus, and money earned through the multiplayer elements can be used in the single player campaign, but other than that, we're in the dark.
BioWare won't be employing dedicated servers for the task, but games will use peer-to-peer hosting to connect and sync.
Mass Effect Andromeda characters: Who else is going to be in it?
The principle antagonists of Andromeda are called the "Kett".
Squadmates include "Peebee", an Asari with little concern for social norms and Liam, a human ex-cop who adds levity to the game.
A leaked survey also mentioned a biotics user called Cora and a Krogan named Drack.
A female turian (yes, they exist!) called Vetra will also be a potential companion
Squadmates have more lines than ever before. The squaddie with the least number of lines in Andromeda still has more lines than the most verbose of ME3.
The voice acting talent is of the usual caliber we've come to expect from BioWare. Nathalie Dormer was recently announced as the voice of the ship's doctor, Lexi T'Perro.
Mass Effect Andromeda gameplay: What will you be doing?
There will be more relationships available in the game than ever before! More alien sex etc etc
Planets are more open and less linear than they once were and generally contain at least one major base as well as super monsters. Many of the super monsters are too tough to beat at early levels, encouraging players to return later.
There are more environmental obstacles than ever, (like giant acid pools) that can all kill you.
Everything we've heard about Andromeda from BioWare sounds like it's going to use the same formula as the original trilogy in terms of gameplay mechanics. There will be the classic three focus points of weapons, technology and biotics as there were before. Plus, it'll be more like the first game than the cover-based action of Mass Effect 2 and Mass Effect 3.
When not shooting, or ground slamming your way through a fight, the usual role-playing elements apply: decision making. In this regard we only know a little, but we can tell you that the Paragon / Renegade system has been ditched and tones for dialogue choices are now "heart, head, professional and casual."
Mass Effect Andromeda media: show me all the trailers!
BioWare has now dropped a litany of trailers for Andromeda. We've gathered the remainder not featured in the sections above for a little N7 binge.
Vampires fall into more categories than sparkly or non=sparkly. As the iconic Vampire: The Masquerade RPG taught us, there are 13 vastly different clans of vampires for players to choose from, some good, some weird, and some so terrible they might as well sparkle. Here are all of Vampire's various clans, ranked from best to worst.
1) Ventrue
Ventrue represents vampires at their most classy. As the most noble of vampires — at least they consider themselves to be — they infiltrate and use human government to maintain their power over other vampires. They've been a part of the Roman Empire, the British Empire, and pretty much all the empires in-between. The Ventrue are usually successful, rich, and in charge of vampire society called the Camarilia, which enforces the Masquerade, which is the social pact vampires have to keep their existence secret from mortals. Ventrue have the best “normal” set of powers in the game, including Dominate and Presence, which makes them the charismatic vampires who can make their enemies piss their pants in fear or make them fall in love with them even as they drain their blood. If Dracula were a Vampire: The Masquerade character, they should have been a Ventrue. If you want to play a classic, awesome vampire, then Ventrue is definitely the clan to choose.
Advertisement
2) Assamite
There's something sad and desperate about having a vampire clan full of nothing but badass assassins, but damned if the Assamite don't manage to be kind of awesome anyways. First of all, they're not just assassins; they also include sorcerer and Viziers (scholars of a sort), all with their own specific powers. Despite happily taking contracts as hitmen, they aren't evil and they don't get involved in all the nonsense of the other vampire clans. Most important, all Assamites have the Discipline of Qietus which, despite its name, allows vampires to control the blood of others, which lets them do awesome things like force targets to sweat blood, turn blood acidic, and other craziness. Yes, it may be completely clichéd to be a quiet, noble assassin, but when you can take control of another vampire's blood from afar, people don't tend to give you too much grief about it.
3) Tremere
Although one of the newest vampire clans, the Treme are essentially Ventrue Lite — super-organized, super-into the Masquerade, super-pro-vampire society. What they lack in the Ventrue's social status and power they make up for with Thaumaturgy, or blood magic. Not only does Thaumaturgy have the benefit of creeping other vampires out, it has a huge variety of powers to choose from, including alchemy, elemental control, conjuring, corruption, and so much more. Tremere are the mages of Vampire, and since all vampires are at least somewhat durable, Tremere don't necessary get knocked out the second someone bumps into them like D&D's mages do. It's this massive flexibility that makes the Tremere one of the best clans in the Masquerade.
Advertisement
4) Lasombra
Yes, the Lasombra are one of the clans of the evil Sabbat, and yes, they tend to have those traditionally evil, full jet-black eyes and they're also the vampires whose reflections don't show up on mirrors and thus are considered extra-damned by God for some reason. But if you don't mind being outright evil, Lasombra are awesome. They're basically evil Ventrue, with the same society and power and resources, but with more backstabbing. Plus, Lasombra have super-awesome shadow powers, including crazy-black shadow tentacles… and at only Stage 3 of the Obtenebration ability. If you don't mind being evil — and if you do, maybe you shouldn't be playing Vampire in the first place — Lasombra are the way to go.
5) Followers of Set
Like it says on the tin, these vampires worship Set, the Egyptian god who they believe will be coming back to clean shop. Their goofy-ass philosophy says that souls are good and eternal but that flesh is corrupt, which somehow translates into “let's corrupt every corporal being we see.” This is a license to just be ridiculously, hilarious evil to everybody and try to ruin everybody's day/week/life. The Followers of Set are basically the Bastard class of Vampire, and they have all the freedom that a complete lack of morality allows. Also, they have the Serpentis disciple which allows its user to paralyze people with their gaze, have a giant serpent tongue to attack with, and most awesomely, lets Settites take out their own heart and hide it in a broom closet somewhere so they can't be staked.
Advertisement
6) Malkavian
The Chaotic Neutral of the Vampire world. While Chaotic Neutral is a huge plus in Dungeons & Dragons games — it basically allows you to do anything and justify it because you're crazy, woo! — it's supremely annoying in Vampire, where players all need to be on the same page regarding the Masquerade, lest the adventure quickly become crazy and/or dumb. If a character can be insane without wrecking the entirety of vampire society in the first five minutes of playing, they actually have some cool benefits, including Obfuscate, the power to disappear, and Dominate, which can be used to drive other people insane. And that's plenty of fun.
7) Brujah
Typically described as the hotheaded rebels of the Vampire world, the Brujah seem to be an inexplicably popular choice among players. Possibly this is because the Brujah are the closest Vampire comes to having a basic “Fighter” class, whose powers include Potence and Celerity — super-strength and super-speed — which is good because Brujah are basically just thugs. They don't really have a society to speak of, so they wander around, doing what they want, despite the fact its kind of hard to be a rebel when you're still bound to the rules of the Masquerade that keeps vampirism a secret from the mortal world. Apparently, many Brujah are still bitching about the destruction of Carthage, where hey had their golden age. It was 2200 years ago, guys. Get over it.
Advertisement
8) Toreador
Toreador is the artists of the vampire world, which is to say they're really pretentious and annoying. They're the ones who fall in love (with humans, other vampires, soup cans, whatever) and thus inspire crap romances like Twilight. They're also like drunk babies; easily captivated by shiny things that happen to catch their eye. As the Vampire Wiki states, “Such things as paintings, neon signs, or even sunrises can captivate [Toreador]. It requires a successful Willpower roll to break the fascination quickly; otherwise, the Toreador will stand, awed and helpless, for minutes or even hours.” Which is stupid and dangerous. The only reason Toreador are this high on the list is because they have the super-speed power of Celerity.
9) Tzimisce
Another outright evil vampire clan, the Tzimisce are the spiritual leaders and scholars of the Sabbat. What do they study? Vicissitude, or the magic of bone and flesh shaping. Basically, it's Clive Barker: The Magic Power. Humans exist only to be messed with and tortured in order for the Tzimisce to continually evolve themselves, although I think we all know It's mostly about the torture. On the downside, Vicissitude doesn't seem traditionally Vampire-y at all, so you're basically playing an evil wizard who needs to drink blood for some reason. On the plus side, apparently Dracula was a Tzimisce, even though it makes no sense whatsoever. So that's something.
Advertisement
10) Nosferatu
The Nosferatu seem like they might be the worst clan in Vampire; they're all ugly as hell (think Count Orlock from Nosferatu, natch), they can't hide among humanity at all, and they generally hide in sewers. Moreover, they don't really have any benefits to balance all the crap life (er, unlife (well, the Vampire RPG)) has dumped on them. Sure, the Nosferatu are supposed to be really good ad spying thanks to their Obfuscate ability, but Malkaians have Obfuscated too and they don't make people want to throw up when they see them. Basically, the only reason the Nosferatu aren't on the bottom of the list is that there a power in being a monster that looks truly monstrous — a dignity in saying “fuck it” to the rest of Vampire society/the game and choosing to wear your hideous curse on your sleeve. And face. And everything else.
11) Giovanni
Basically the vampire mob, the Giovanni are obsessed with money and necromancy, because with necromancy they'd basically just be the regular mob, and that'd be super-boring. They only make vampires out of their own very large family, which — and this is ridiculous — who don't know their family is full of evil blood-sucking magic vampires until they get chosen to become vampires themselves. Although the Giovanni don't support the Masquerade or the Sabbat, they tend to be evil assholes, what with all the mafia and death magic and whatnot. But being a vampire and choosing to spend all your time trying to make money is like having a giant robot and using it for doing nothing but carry groceries.
Advertisement
12) Gangrel
Gangrel have two primary characteristics: they're nomads and they have an affinity for animals. The first is just a fancy way of saying Gangrels are basically bums. The second is far less cool than it sounds. While other vampires are casting blood magic and tearing humans apart like fresh bread with shadow tentacles, Gangrel are talking to dogs and shit. Okay, technically they could have a wolf familiar, but this isn't Westeros; you don't just find wolves lying on the side of the road, and even if you do it's not like you can bring them into a nightclub. Even worse, when Gangrel frenzy and lose control, they start to gain animal-like physical characteristic, like tails or cat ears, which makes them look like perpetual furries. They only thing that would make Gangrel's even slightly cool is if they could turn into clouds of bats, but they can't. Ever.
13) Ravnos
Ravnos are vagabonds, which is a fancy way of saying nomads, which we've already established is itself a fancy way of “bums.” The Ravnos are thieves and charlatans who are closely entwined with the Gypsies and have helped perpetuate the stereotype that Gypsies are also thieves and charlatans. In fact, the game demands that all Ravnos have at one vice they constantly have to make Willpower roles to avoid doing, “ranging from plagiarism to mass murder.” So in Vampire, the stereotype is apparently true, which is kind of racist if you ask me and why they're at the bottom of this list. (Also, calling “mass murder” a vice seems… a bit of an understatement to me.)
Advertisement
Top image: Clyde Caldwell.
Jocko Willink (@jockowillink), commander for the most highly decorated special operations unit of the Iraq War, joins the show to talk about taking responsibility, discipline, intensity, and leadership to the next level as outlined in Extreme Ownership: How U.S. Navy SEALs Lead and Win.
The Cheat Sheet:
When making a decision, worrying about variables that can't be controlled is a waste of time. A better outcome is likely if we learn to focus that wasted effort on factors that can be controlled.
Understand why taking ownership of your mistakes, personal issues, and outcomes gets better results than trying to pass blame to someone else.
What does discipline = freedom mean?
How do you stop small weaknesses that sometimes permeate discipline from having a negative impact on significant decisions?
Is there such a thing as a natural leader?
And so much more…
In the civilian world, about as close as most of us get to a life or death situation is the rush hour commute to and from work. But there are lessons we can learn from those who have had to make tough decisions under fire that can help us mitigate risk, lead effectively, and perform at our best under any condition.
Jocko Willink spent 20 years in the military and commanded SEAL Task Unit Bruiser — the most highly decorated special operations unit of the Iraq War — in Baghdad and Ramadi. Now retired from active duty, they and Leif Babin, their business partner and co-author of Extreme Ownership: How U.S. Navy SEALs Lead and Win, teach civilians how to apply skills learned in war to take ownership of every situation and make better decisions at home.
(Direct Download Episode Here)
Download Episode Worksheet Here
More About This Show
After serving two decades in the military and commanding the Iraq War's most highly decorated special operations unit, Jocko Willink knows a thing or two about uncertainty. While he'll be the first to tell you it doesn't take going to war to experience uncertainty, the way they deal with uncertainty was definitely influenced by their time at war.
“The world is filled with uncertainty regardless of whether you're in combat or the business world or trying to raise kids,” Jocko says. “There are things you can control, and things you cannot control…I can mitigate as much risk as possible. I can pay attention; we can look at briefs and understand what the camouflage of an IED (Improvised Explosive Device) is going to look like, and I can learn as much as I can, and we can plan a route that is the safest possible. And then beyond those things that we can do to mitigate the risk, there's nothing we can do.
“I don't worry about the things I can't control. If I go out and get blown up, then that's what happened. I've mitigated as much as I can and I'm not going to worry about it.”
Jocko points out that being aware of the things you can't control allows you to focus your effort on the things you can control. “Once people become aware of that, it's not that hard to do,” they say.
The Concept of Extreme Ownership
You also don't have to be the leader of a Navy SEAL task force during wartime to understand the importance of taking responsibility of your actions, though Jocko has learned that lesson the hard way so you don't have to. But the point he's really trying to drive home is that taking ownership of everything you have a say in influencing not only empowers you to do what it takes to get the job done, but it boosts the morale of the people around you and paves a two-way street of trust.
On the other hand, if you're the kind of person who habitually blames others as soon as the ball gets dropped, you're the one who's ultimately going to pay the price. “If I'm your boss and you tell me [someone else on your team] didn't do what they were supposed to do and that's why your part of the project failed, I'm not mad at her,” says Jocko. “I'm actually disgusted with you — first of all because you didn't lead them correctly. You didn't give them the equipment they needed or the gear they needed or the training they needed. When all that happened and went wrong, you just blamed them You didn't take any responsibility for it yourself, so I've now lost trust in you as well and we've got an issue that's going to cause problems in the future.”
It may seem counterintuitive to take ownership of someone else's mistakes, but it shows you're thinking bigger than yourself and you have your team's mission in mind above all else.
Discipline = Freedom
While it may look Orwellian at first glance, Jocko explains what they mean when they say “Discipline = Freedom.”
“We all want freedom. We want that financial freedom; we want to have more free time — that's what everybody wants. And when you want that freedom, the way to get there is through discipline.”
If you want financial freedom, you have to have the discipline to manage where your money's coming from and budget how it gets spent. If you want more free time, you have to work at organizing a more disciplined time management schedule. “That is,” Jocko says, “the pathway to freedom.”
This doesn't apply simply to individuals, but to teams, too. Your team members need to cultivate a certain discipline to work together efficiently and effectively. The better the pieces of the whole fit together, the more naturally the tasks at hand can be completed.
Jocko says: “With my task unit — with my SEAL platoons that I was in — we were highly disciplined and had all kinds of standard operating procedures (SOPs) about how we did everything: how we got into vehicles, how we got out of vehicles, how we lined up on buildings, how we left buildings, and how we talked on the radio. Everything we did had a procedure. And you might think that constrained us on the battlefield, but it actually gives you more freedom on the battlefield. Because if I needed you to go take down a building, I could say, ‘Jordan, go hit that building over there' and you could just immediately go and do it.
“You didn't have to tell me how you were going to do it. You didn't have to tell me how many people you were going to take. You didn't have to tell me what you were going to do with any unknown people that you found in there. You didn't have to tell me what you were going to do with any wounded. We already knew all that, so you could just go do it. Not only did I know what you were going to do, but all your team — your subordinates all knew those things as well. They knew the basic plan. They knew the SOPs.
Listen to this episode of The Art of Charm in its entirety to learn more about Jocko's parenting style, stopping small weaknesses from ruining your discipline and having an adverse effect on your decisions, how exercising discipline feeds itself throughout the day, why combat is humbling, how Jocko got involved in a life of service, if there's such a thing as a natural leader, the traits that differentiate bad leaders from good leaders, if bad leaders can become good leaders, how smart leaders learn to overcome their own weaknesses by developing excellent teamwork, how much difference a winning leader in charge of a losing team can make, how Jocko's training prepared recruits for the realities and chaos of combat, using anger as a tool, and lots more.
THANKS, JOCKO WILLINK!
Resources from This Episode:
Worksheet for This Episode
You'll Also Like:
On your phone? Click here to write us a well-deserved iTunes review and help us outrank the riffraff!
Download Worksheet for Extreme Ownership
https://s3.amazonaws.com/artofcharm-downloads/521-jocko-willink-worksheet.pdf
Authorities in China's restive Xinjiang region are offering cash to informants who report on neighbours with excessive facial hair, state media has reported.
Officials in Shaya county issued a notice offering rewards ranging from 50 to more than 50,000 yuan ($8 to $8,000) for a wide array of information including tips on those growing beards, the Global Times said on Thursday.
Xinjiang has been hit by periodic deadly clashes between authorities and members of the mainly Muslim Uighur ethnic minority, among whom beards are a religious and cultural tradition.
China has blamed the violence on separatists with ties to foreign terrorist groups, while rights groups say authorities exaggerate the threat to justify religious and cultural restrictions on Uighurs.
Financial rewards on offer in Shaya also cover information on locals "conducting illegal religious activities", the Global Times said, without giving further details.
Xinjiang authorities have also launched a campaign labelled Project Beauty, which attempts to discourage locals from wearing veils – a common practice among Uighur women.
Residents of the desert oasis city of Kashgar told AFP that to enter government offices, banks or courts, women had to remove their veils and men must be clean-shaven.
Xinjiang – which covers a sixth of China's territory – is a strategically important region which abuts Central Asia and contains significant oil and gas deposits.
Police blamed suspects from the region for crashing a car in Beijing's Tiananmen Square last October, killing two tourists and the three people in the vehicle. The incident led President Xi Jinping to call for a security push.
Ilham Tohti, an outspoken Uighur academic who challenged the government's account of the crash, was arrested on terrorism charges this year, provoking an outcry from the United States and European Union.
Authorities also accused Xinjiang residents of carrying out a stabbing spree in March in the southwestern city of Kunming that left more than 30 people dead.
Edited by David Munk
The best-selling LEGO Batman videogame franchise returns in an out-of-this-world, action-packed adventure! In LEGO Batman™ 3: Beyond Gotham, the Caped Crusader joins forces with the superheroes of the DC Comics universe and blasts off to outer space to stop the evil Brainiac from destroying Earth. Using the power of the Lantern Rings, Brainiac shrinks worlds to add to their twisted collection of miniature cities from across the universe. Now the greatest superheroes and the most cunning villains must unite and journey to different Lantern Worlds to collect the Lantern Rings and stop Brainiac before it's too late.
GAME FEATURES:
Exciting space combat - For the first time ever, battle with Batman and their allies in outer space and the various Lantern worlds including Zamaron and Odym.
- For the first time ever, battle with Batman and their allies in outer space and the various Lantern worlds including Zamaron and Odym. Robust roster of DC Comics heroes and villains - Play and unlock more than 150 characters with amazing powers and abilities, including members of the Justice League, and BIG LEGO Figures such as Cyborg, Solomon Grundy and more.
- Play and unlock more than 150 characters with amazing powers and abilities, including members of the Justice League, and BIG LEGO Figures such as Cyborg, Solomon Grundy and more. Unique storyline with new plots and twists –Surprising disguises, Brainiac's mind control ability, and the power of the Lantern rings bring a whole new twist to characters you thought you knew.
–Surprising disguises, Brainiac's mind control ability, and the power of the Lantern rings bring a whole new twist to characters you thought you knew. Hack computer terminals - Enter a virtual world to escape mazes, battle in arenas, and race to find the code.
- Enter a virtual world to escape mazes, battle in arenas, and race to find the code. Bat-tastic Gadget Wheel - With a simple press of a button, choose and upgrade select character's suits and abilities.
- With a simple press of a button, choose and upgrade select character's suits and abilities. Variety of iconic locales - Visit the Hall of Justice, the Batcave, and the Justice League Watchtower to access shops, trophy rooms, and the hero and vehicle customizers.
- Visit the Hall of Justice, the Batcave, and the Justice League Watchtower to access shops, trophy rooms, and the hero and vehicle customizers. Stellar Voice Cast – Featuring an incredible line-up of voice actors, many of whom are reprising their roles in the LEGO Batman videogame franchise, including: Troy Baker (Batman); Travis Willingham (Superman); Christopher Cory Smith (The Joker); Laura Bailey (Wonder Woman and Catwoman); Dee Bradley Baker (Brainiac); Josh Keaton (Green Lantern); Scott Porter (Aquaman), and none other than 1960s Batman himself, Adam West!
© 2014 The LEGO Group. ™ & © DC Comics. ™ & © WBEI. (s14)
The minutes wound down on the LA Galaxy II's second match of the season against Real Monarchs SLC, it looked like it would end the same as the first – in a scoreless draw.
However, Galaxy defender Bradley Diallo had different plans, netting a stoppage-time goal to condemn the Monarchs to their third consecutive defeat, 1-0 at Rio Tinto Stadium.
The Galaxy threatened the goal in the 31st minutes with a slew of shots from inside the box. Goalkeeper Eric Osswald was up to the task though and kept LA out of the net and the match remained scoreless.
In the 38th minute, Salt Lake's Jordan Murrell forced a low-angle save from Galaxy ‘keeper Clement Diop. Murrell made an overlapping run up the left side and blasted a near-post shot that Diop palmed away for a corner kick and the score remained 0-0.
In the 42nd minute, Monarchs' Lucas Baldin nearly broke the tie in emphatic fashion. After a foul near the touchline, Baldin stood over the ball and rifled a shot from 45 yards out that needed a last-second punch by Diop to prevent the goal, giving the Monarchs another corner kick.
The second half saw more of the same, but the game lacked the fluidity of the first half as the rain came pouring down until Diallo's stoppage-time winner.
Los Dos next host Vancouver Whitecaps FC 2 at StubHub Center Track and Field Stadium at 7 p.m. Tickets are available here.
The Monarchs will host the Sacramento Republic on Wednesday at Rio Tinto Stadium. The match is scheduled for a 7 p.m. MT kickoff with live television coverage on KMYU.
Real Monarchs 0-0 LA Galaxy II
Saturday April 25, 2015
Rio Tinto Stadium
Scoring Summary:
LA – Bradley Diallo – 92+.
Misconduct Summary:
LA – Andre Auras (Yellow; Foul) – 26'
RM – Lucas Baldin (Yellow; Foul) – 55'
Lineups:
Real Monarchs (4-3-3): Eric Osswald; Riley McGovern, Emilio Orozco, Danilo Acosta, Jordan Murrell; Fito Ovalle, Lucas Baldin (Tyler Arnone – 85'), Garrett Losee (Maikon Orellana – 59'); Eti Tavares (Alec Sundly – 66'), Max Rauhofer (Leon Brown – 77'), Ricardo Velazco (Jose Navarro – 87').
Substitutes not used: Victor Rodriguez, Darion Copeland.
LA Galaxy II (4-4-2): Clement Diop; Oscar Sorto (Bradley Diallo – 85'), Daniel Steres, David Romney, Joe Franco; Raul Mendiola, Alejandro Covarrubias, Andre Auras, Ari Lassiter; Ryo Fujii, Jack McBean (Jaime Villarreal – 79').
Substitutes not used: Nick Shackleford, Lee Nishanian, Elijah Martin, Mark Salinas-Cruz, Travis Bowen.
Referee: Brad Jensen
Assistant Referees: Mitch Lillywhite, James Roy
4th Official: Alex Krelo
Attendance: 1,001
Your gifts were awesome!! Honestly, you hit the nail on the head. My family has such a hard time shopping for me yet a total stranger picked out the best stuff. I actually questioned whether or not you found my Amazon wish list because of how perfect your gifts were! I even was just trying to make my own version of a ticket box but now I can use your beautiful one! Thank you, thank you, thank you!I've never heard of the game, Sequence, but it has so many good reviews and ratings that I am sure I will love it. I will wear my scarf this Saturday when the Pirate host their annual "Pirate Fest" and the Bar Book is perfect! That book was actually on my wish list! Thank you again and I hope you have a wonderful Christmas!
PS - Also was happy to see you're a fellow Pens/Pirates fan!
The resolution states that the Good Friday Agreement should be protected in all its parts, that there should be no hardening of the Border in Ireland
SINN FÉIN MEPs have ensured that the European Parliament recognises the unique position of the North of Ireland in relation to Brexit.
The Sinn Féin team in the European Parliament, led by Martina Anderson MEP, worked to ensure that a joint resolution passed in Strasbourg on Wednesday morning included a number of references to Ireland.
The resolution states that the Good Friday Agreement should be protected in all its parts, that there should be no hardening of the Border in Ireland, and that the unique situation of the North should be recognised.
Speaking in the European Parliament in Strasbourg, Martina Anderson called on the Irish Government to act on the resolution and work to achieve “Designated Special Status for the North Within the EU”.
The Ireland North MEP said:
“There is now an onus on the Taoiseach and the European Council to take heed of this, stand up for the Good Friday Agreement in all its parts, and act in the best interests of Irish citizens.
“It is clear we have support across Europe. Enda Kenny and the Irish Government must now harness that support and stand up for Ireland and argue for designated status for the north within the EU.”
Ireland North West MEP Matt Carthy called on Taoiseach Enda Kenny and the Irish Government to fight for the rights of Irish citizens on Brexit.
“They need to defend our interests in the European Council and they need to do it immediately,” they said.
(Update: Tyler Grasham has been fired from the Agency for the Performing Arts. )
“Stranger Things” star Finn Wolfhard has parted ways with their agent after a former actor accused them of sexual assault, two individuals familiar with the matter told TheWrap. The Agency for the Performing Arts began investigating Tyler Grasham after Blaise Godbe accused them of plying them with alcohol and sexually abusing them a decade ago.
Wolfhard is no longer signed with APA's Tyler Grasham, who was accused this week of plying former actor Blaise Godbe Lipman with alcohol and sexually assaulting them a decade ago when Lipman was still a teenager.
Also Read: APA to Investigate Agent Accused of Sexual Assault Against Teen Actor
It's unclear at present where Wolfhard will land for representation. A rep for Wolfhard and APA did not immediately return TheWrap's request for comment.
Wolfhard, 14, was Grasham's biggest client. Part of the ensemble on “Stranger Things,” whose second season debuts on Netflix next week, Wolfhard also starred in September's unexpected monster hit “It.”
Lipman, now a 28-year-old filmmaker, told TheWrap on Thursday that they met Grasham when they were 17 or 18, and was talking to Grasham about signing on as an APA client. They said they turned 18 in June of 2007, and was assaulted that summer. They cannot recall if the date of the assault was before or after their birthday, they said.
“APA takes these allegations extremely seriously and is investigating this matter,” an agency spokesperson told TheWrap on Thursday in regard to Lipman's allegations, posted to their Facebook page on Monday.
Wolfhard is currently filming “Dog Days,” an uplifting story about Los Angeles residents who cross paths thanks to their dogs, alongside Eva Longoria and Adam Pally.  They are also attached to voice a role in Netflix's animated reboot of the educational mystery series “Carmen Sandiego,” lead by Gina Rodriguez.
What the developers have to say:
Why Early Access?
Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?
How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?
What is the current state of the Early Access version?
Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?
How are you planning on involving the Community in your development process?
Gameplay is king. We trust in our community, and trust that you can provide the best feedback during the final production processes.”“Approximately 6-12 months.”“The game's designed to be a massive indie. With 6 more levels added – that's 12 levels in total for the first episode before moving into episode 2, wave maps achievements and leaderboards, and localization.”“We'll be completing Beyond Flesh and Blood as the first episode with 12 levels, before bringing the other 14 up to speed with the team adding the final layer of polish to create the full experience of Beyond Flesh and Blood.The game will be constantly improved as updates support polish, optimization, bug fixing, and any outstanding, community features that are implemented into the final game. We want to make sure that everything in the game – from shotgun damage to objective colour – feels right.”The price will likely be higher after Early Access, and by this point, the feedback from the community will have informed both the full PC and Console release.”There will also be video updates from the game, the dev team, and anything that we hope you find entertaining. We eagerly invite you all to give us your feedback to make Beyond Flesh and Blood the best game possible.Also, be sure to check out the Community Hub for the list of working features before you buy.”
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (WJZ)— A massive power outage in Annapolis still has many people talking Friday morning. That's because it created a light show across the sky. Some were wondering: is it the end of the world?
Mike Schuh has the very latest.
Well, it wasn't the end of the world. But many thought it may have been because of the timing. BGE says two main lines servicing the area were disrupted, and that's what caused the city to go dark.
Caught on camera: flashes of light across the skies of Annapolis around 9 p.m. Thursday, startling those who witnessed it.
Some thought it was fireworks. Some a light show. But according to BGE, those flashes signaled a major electrical power failure.
The timing couldn't have been more strange– Friday is the end of the Mayan calendar and rumored end of the world.
At the height of the outages, about 70,000 homes and businesses were in the dark.
The police department called in extra manpower to help with traffic control and to assist people getting in and out of the Annapolis Mall.
And although most of the city was in the dark, it didn't keep many from posting videos and comments on various social media sites, talking about the unusual lights.
Annapolis Mayor Josh Cohen was one of those people on social media. They were Tweeting out updates on the power outages all night.
The main areas affected were Annapolis, Westgate and Cedar Park.
Anne Arundel Medical Center was operating on a generator and everything was stable there.
At last check, almost all of the power outages had been restored by Friday morning.
Ex-MLA given £65k Stormont pay off set to run for election again BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A former SDLP MLA is to run again in the Assembly election - despite receiving a Stormont severance package. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland-assembly-election/exmla-given-65k-stormont-pay-off-set-to-run-for-election-again-35379055.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article34671708.ece/89f7b/AUTOCROP/h342/doloreskelly.jpg
Email
A former SDLP MLA is to run again in the Assembly election - despite receiving a Stormont severance package.
Dolores Kelly confirmed they got a resettlement payment and a winding-up allowance linked to the closure of their office.
Figures released by the Assembly this week, covering the period between April and May last year, show more than 30 MLAs who did not return to Stormont received over £1m between them. This included £696,331 in resettlement allowances, and a further £471,151 in winding-up expenditure.
Mrs Kelly received a total of £65,792, according to the Assembly figures covering this period.
But Mrs Kelly, who is 57, insisted there was nothing in the rules to prevent them from standing again. Yesterday, they told the Belfast Telegraph they received a final severance payment of around £34,000 - but said they were not prevented from running again.
"As I understand it, the rules do not preclude a person from standing for re-election. The payment is a redundancy to help people adjust back into normal life," they said.
Asked if they felt they should hand some of it back, Mrs Kelly said: "Well I would have to get elected first. Let's wait and see."
Mrs Kelly also confirmed their final winding up allowance totalled around £60,000, but said the money was used to pay off their staff.
"None of that money went to me. I had to pay off the equivalent of three full-time staff and they were paid up until September under a contractual agreement," they said.
In 2014, Mrs Kelly referred to the "scandal" of senior PSNI officers being rehired days after walking away with generous pay-offs.
The Public Accounts Committee had found that a fifth of officers who retired under the Patten reforms, were rehired as agency staff.
Mrs Kelly's defeat last May left Upper Bann without an SDLP representative in the Assembly, as the fight for the last seat went down to the wire.
They were finally squeezed out on the 11th count - only around 160 votes short of maintaining the seat they had held for 13 years.
That election saw Sinn Fein candidate Catherine Seeley - who is now bowing out of politics to return to their former job as a teacher - gain a second seat in Upper Bann for their party, alongside John O'Dowd.
Mrs Kelly said it had not been expected there would be another election until 2021 and they did not know if they would want to return to politics by that time.
This time, the number of seats in each constituency is reduced from six to five, making the contest more of a battle than ever.
Mrs Kelly confirmed they will be the only SDLP candidate, and said their sole concern was that the relatively low turn-out of last May could be repeated.
They said: "I think this is a concern among all the parties, but I am being told by people I meet that they are very angry and they want change.
"Well, if they want change, they will have to come out and vote for it. People will not get the change they want if they stay at home."
Belfast Telegraph
BUFFALO, N.Y. – The Detroit Red Wings got their legs going in the second period Saturday night and outskated and outplayed the Buffalo Sabres over the final 45 minutes of regulation and overtime at HSBC Arena. Pavel Datsyuk and Jiri Hudler then scored in a shootout against Ryan Miller to lift the Red Wings to a 3-2 victory, extending their road winning streak to five games. Detroit battled back from a 2-0 deficit during a sluggish first period, outshooting the Sabres 30-17 the rest of the way. Joey MacDonald, subbing for Jimmy Howard, made 30 saves in regulation and overtime and stopped Drew Stafford and Thomas Vanek in the shootout to even their record to 3-3-1. “First period we were down a little bit, but we stuck with it,'' MacDonald said. “We took over the game, started getting pucks to the net and putting a little more pressure on Millsie. He's one of the best goalies in the league, he's going to stop what they see.'' Hudler tied the game with 58 seconds to play in the third period. They hopped onto the ice as the extra skater after the Red Wings pulled MacDonald, and they went right to the net and banged in a rebound following Johan Franzen's pass from the point that got deflected. “I was heading straight to the net,'' Hudler said. “Mule held onto the puck, there was a lot of people working in front.'' Said Franzen: “It's hard to score on the first shot on (Miller); he's square and big, you got to get a rebound to get a goal on him. Bear (Danny Cleary) did a good job in front of the net, deflecting my pass, and Huds got the rebound.'' Datsyuk and Hudler each scored on backhand shots in the shootout. “Miller's a good goalie, he's fast side-to-side and a big goalie,'' Datsyuk said. “I tried to fake it and shoot.'' Said Hudler: “He's a great goalie, it's tough not to overthink before you go. I thought Pavel did a great job with the move on the first one, so I just went with their idea.'' MacDonald made some big stops late in regulation, in overtime and the shootout. “You never know what they're going to do (in the shootout),'' MacDonald said. “You just got to stay at the top of your crease, be nice and big and let them make the first decision.'' Miller made 35 saves for the Sabres but didn't get much support from their teammates after the first period. “When you're playing against Miller it's a tough test early,'' Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said. “I thought (MacDonald) was a bit nervous early, the puck came off them quite a bit, and then as the game went on they got better and our team got better as well.'' The Red Wings welcomed back forwards Valtteri Filppula and Mike Modano to the lineup and their depth seemed to wear down the Sabres in the second and third periods. Modano was back after missing 41 games following surgery to repair severed tendons in their right wrist. Filppula returned after sitting out eight games with a sprained left MCL. “It was pretty good,'' Modano said. “You get a little heavy as the game goes on, you try to not get caught out there too long. A couple times in our own zone you feel it pretty quick.'' After a lousy start, the Red Wings skated much better and competed hard in the second period, outshooting the Sabres 12-7 and getting a power-play goal from Datsyuk to trim their deficit to 2-1. The Sabres skated harder and seemed to have more in their tank in the first period despite having played the night before. The got goals from Andrej Sekera (12:55) and Mike Grier (14:59) during two-on-one situations. The Red Wings took over from there, and now they continue this five-game road trip on the West Coast, starting Monday in Los Angeles. “It's huge, especially when you're on the road for a week,'' MacDonald said. “You got to start out with a win.'' Franzen will return to Detroit, where their wife, Cecilia, is expecting their first child at any time. They will rejoin the team for Wednesday's game in Anaheim. “I was checking my phone between periods,'' Franzen said. “I think I'll make it to the delivery.''
The Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array (VLA) is a centimeter-wavelength radio astronomy observatory located in central New Mexico on the Plains of San Agustin, between the towns of Magdalena and Datil, ~40 miles (64 km) west of Socorro. The VLA comprises twenty-seven 25-meter radio telescopes deployed in a Y-shaped array and all the equipment, instrumentation, and computing power to function as an interferometer. Each of the massive telescopes is mounted on double parallel railroad tracks, so the radius and density of the array can be transformed to adjust the balance between its angular resolution and its surface brightness sensitivity.[1] Astronomers using the VLA have made key observations of black holes and protoplanetary disks around young stars, discovered magnetic filaments and traced complex gas motions at the Milky Way's center, probed the Universe's cosmological parameters, and provided new knowledge about the physical mechanisms that produce radio emission.
The VLA stands at an elevation of 6970 ft (2124 m) above sea level. It is a component of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO).[2] The NRAO is a facility of the National Science Foundation operated under cooperative agreement by Associated Universities, Inc.
Characteristics [ edit ]
The radio telescope comprises 27 independent antennas, each of which has a dish diameter of 25 meters (82 feet) and weighs 209 metric tons (230 Short tons).[3] The antennas are distributed along the three arms of a track, shaped in a wye (or Y) -configuration, (each of which measures 21 km/13 miles long). Using the rail tracks that follow each of these arms—and that, at one point, intersect with U.S. Route 60 at a level crossing—and a specially designed lifting locomotive ("Hein's Trein"),[4] the antennas can be physically relocated to a number of prepared positions, allowing aperture synthesis interferometry with up to 351 independent baselines: in essence, the array acts as a single antenna with a variable diameter. The angular resolution that can be reached is between 0.2 and 0.04 arcseconds.[5]
There are four commonly used configurations, designated A (the largest) through D (the tightest, when all the dishes are within 600 m of the center point). The observatory normally cycles through all the various possible configurations (including several hybrids) every 16 months; the antennas are moved every three to four months. Moves to smaller configurations are done in two stages, first shortening the east and west arms and later shortening the north arm. This allows for a short period of improved imaging of extremely northerly or southerly sources.[citation needed]
The frequency coverage is 74 MHz to 50 GHz (400 to 0.7 cm).[6]
The Pete V. Domenici Science Operations Center (DSOC) for the VLA is located on the campus of the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology in Socorro, New Mexico. The DSOC also serves as the control center for the Very Long Baseline Array (VLBA), a VLBI array of ten 25-meter dishes located from Hawaii in the west to the U.S. Virgin Islands in the east that constitutes the world's largest dedicated, full-time astronomical instrument.[7]
Upgrade and renaming [ edit ]
In 2011, a decade-long upgrade project resulted in the VLA expanding its technical capacities by factors of up to 8,000. The 1970s-era electronics were replaced with state-of-the-art equipment. To reflect this increased capacity, VLA officials asked for input from both the scientific community and the public in coming up with a new name for the array, and in January 2012 it was announced that the array would be renamed the "Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array".[8][9][10] On March 31, 2012, the VLA was officially renamed in a ceremony inside the Antenna Assembly Building.[11]
Key science [ edit ]
The VLA is a multi-purpose instrument designed to allow investigations of many astronomical objects, including radio galaxies, quasars, pulsars, supernova remnants, gamma-ray bursts, radio-emitting stars, the sun and planets, astrophysical masers, black holes, and the hydrogen gas that constitutes a large portion of the Milky Way galaxy as well as external galaxies. In 1989 the VLA was used to receive radio communications from the Voyager 2 spacecraft as it flew by Neptune.[12] A search of the galaxies M31 and M32 was conducted in December 2014 through January 2015 with the intent of quickly searching trillions of systems for extremely powerful signals from advanced civilizations.[13]
It has been used to carry out several large surveys of radio sources, including the NRAO VLA Sky Survey and Faint Images of the Radio Sky at Twenty-Centimeters.
In September 2017 the VLA Sky Survey (VLASS) began.[14] This survey will cover the entire sky visible to the VLA (80% of the Earth's sky) in three full scans.[15] Astronomers expect to find about 10 million new objects with the survey — four times more than what is presently known.[15]
History [ edit ]
The driving force for the development of the VLA was David S. Heeschen.  They are noted as having "sustained and guided the development of the best radio astronomy observatory in the world for sixteen years."[16] Congressional approval for the VLA project was given in August 1972, and construction began some six months later. The first antenna was put into place in September 1975 and the complex was formally inaugurated in 1980, after a total investment of $78.5 million.[6] It was the largest configuration of radio telescopes in the world.
With a view to upgrading the venerable 1970s technology with which the VLA was built, the VLA has evolved into the Expanded Very Large Array (EVLA). The upgrade has enhanced the instrument's sensitivity, frequency range, and resolution with the installation of new hardware at the San Agustin site. A second phase of this upgrade may add up to eight additional dishes in other parts of the state of New Mexico, up to 300 km away, if funded.[17]
Magdalena Ridge Observatory is a new observatory under construction a few miles south of the VLA. It includes an optical interferometer and is run by VLA collaborator New Mexico Tech.
In popular culture [ edit ]
The VLA has appeared repeatedly in American popular culture since its construction.
Tourism [ edit ]
The VLA is located between the towns of Magdalena and Datil, about 50 miles (80 km) west of Socorro, New Mexico. U.S. Route 60 passes east–west through the complex.[citation needed]
The VLA site is open to visitors year round during daylight hours, and on every first and third Saturdays of the month, special guided and behind-the-scenes tours are offered. A visitor center houses a small museum, theater, and a gift shop. A self-guided walking tour is available, as the visitor center is not staffed continuously. Visitors unfamiliar with the area are warned that there is little food on site, or in the sparsely populated surroundings; those unfamiliar with the high desert are warned that the weather is quite variable, and can remain cold into April.[2] For those who cannot travel to the site, the NRAO created a virtual tour of the VLA called the VLA Explorer.[23]
Gallery [ edit ]
The radio antenna on the walking tour, foreground, and an arm of the array with additional similar antennas in the background
Two arms of the array are seen in this nighttime long exposure photograph. (2005)
Detail of one dish
Very Large Array dish to scale—note person at left of base
An antenna deployed at the VLA
Very Large Array, 2012
Very Large Array
Maintenance work.
The cross rail track structure of the VLA, including an empty antenna mount station on the right (the three concrete piers that the antenna's triangular base mounts to)
See also [ edit ]
Here's something to get your blood boiling in the morning. I'd written earlier about how the NAACP is squirming a tad over gay rights. Well, now so is Martin Luther King's own civil rights group, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.
And don't worry, I've posted their phone number and a link to their Web form at the bottom of this post. From the LA Times:
The Southern Christian Leadership Conference, a civil rights group partly founded by Martin Luther King Jr., has threatened to fire the president of its Los Angeles chapter because they support same-sex marriage. The Rev. Eric P. Lee, president of the local SCLC chapter for two years, became an outspoken advocate of same-sex marriage during the recent campaign against Proposition 8, an amendment to the state Constitution that banned such unions. The SCLC national board notified Lee on May 27 that they would have to attend a hearing at its Atlanta headquarters on June 4 to explain their stance on same-sex marriage. If they did not show up, they said, they would suspend and fire him.
More from the Nation:
Simply put a national civil rights organization that takes a “neutral position” on an issue of basic civil rights does not deserve to exist. Whatever the personal beliefs and prejudices of individual leaders of the SCLC, the organization's mission as a “nonprofit, non-sectarian, inter-faith, advocacy organization that is committed to non-violent action to achieve social, economic, and political justice” requires that it stand forcefully against efforts to impose second class citizenship on an entire group simply because of identity. In my view, the failure of the SCLC as a national organization to defend the dignity and equality of LGBT families disqualifies it as a civil rights organization…. The SCLC seems to also have forgotten the complexity of its history. They behave as though they don't remember that the architect of 1963 March on Washington was Bayard Rustin, an openly gay black man whose fierce pacifism and commitment to non-violence is the very basis of King's strategy. Without Rustin there is no March on Washington, no sustained nonviolent movement in the South, and therefore no 1964 Civil Rights Act and no 1965 Voting Rights Act.
Bayard Rustin in all their gay, brilliant, brave, blackness is a cornerstone of the SCLC. Virulent opposition to marriage equality defames the memory of their own son. This is not only about empathy; it is about self-knowledge.
Feel free to contact the SCLC and explain to them what the meaning of “civil rights” really is. I suggest you refrain from being vulgar or threatening, but other than that, these folks need to hear from you, and they need to know how they're destroying their own reputation in the civil rights community. We are the civil rights community, and no amount of institutionalized bigotry is going to take that away from us. And feel free to quote some of Coretta Scott King's statements about gay rights.
DR. BYRON C. CLAY, President & CEO
Ron Woods, Executive Director
SCLC Tel:404.522.1420 (Georgia)
And contact them via their Web form.
President-elect Donald Trump's son Eric Trump helped raise $16.3 million for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, over the last decade, a report shows, at a time when the family is disassociating with a number of ventures to avoid conflicts of interest when the president-elect takes office.
“I am amazed by the many ways that you have personally embraced our cause for our children and families,” Richard C. Shadyac Jr., president of the hospital's fundraising organization, wrote in a Dec. 30 letter to Eric Trump, according to the New York Times.
“As you are aware, we are expanding our lifesaving work and are working to push cure rates even higher in this country and around the world, while improving the lives of survivors by developing and advancing treatments that reduce side effects,” Shadyac wrote, referring to St. Jude's work against pediatric cancer. “We are only able to do this because of the support provided by donors and supporters like you.”
erc trump More
Photo: REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Trump, 33, had earlier told reporters that their organization has raised more than $15 million for the hospital, despite tax records showing that the Eric Trump Foundation raised less than half that amount. But the letter from the hospital confirms Trump's account.
The president-elect's third child, after Donald Jr. and Ivanka, said last month they will remove their name from the organization as a part of the efforts the family is making to address potential conflicts before the inauguration. Donald Trump, however, referred to their son stepping back from their charitable foundation “a ridiculous shame” because of the charitable work they do for children.
Even after they said they will stop raising funds for their namesake foundation, this week Trump told the Times in an email that they would “continue to be a vocal advocate for pediatric cancer and St. Jude's mission.”
Related Articles
The International Blockchain Week, composed of Devcon2, where numerous demos and announcements are expected, the Demo Day, the biggest showcasing of live blockchain projects ever, the Blockchain Summit, where household names from Tencent, Microsoft, IBM, Santander, UBS, and many others, are to announce and present – is the biggest event in the blockchain space.
We give a sneak peak of what you should expect in just one day, the Demo Day, hosted by ChainB, where 31 blockchain projects are to showcase. They include (in no particular order):
VeChain – A new start-up that recently signed a service contract with the world's largest air and sea freight business to smartify assets, especially luxury goods. They will be presenting Qtum, a new blockchain which, according to Patrick Dai, CTO of BitSE, the company that launched VeChain, will be a new public blockchain.
No further information is known at this point, but the team that counts former employees of Tencent and IBM, will showcase a new system that identifies property with the aim of making theft or fake goods nearly impossible.
DGX – DigixGlobal will present DGX, a gold backed token based on Ethereum's blockchain. They will further showcase Digix DApp 2.0 and share the value proposition of gold-backed stable coins.
Decentralized Capital will present their new project which converts fiat currencies, such as dollars or euros, into their own digital currencies, giving them largely the same qualities of eth or btc and further enabling decentralized exchanges.
DeVita – The project aims to provide a decentralized bounty solution market, based on blockchain tech. We have little details besides what is stated on their website, so we look forward to learning more on Demo Day.
Trusted Key Solutions – The project aims to make key handling far too easy for everyone. They are further working on blockchain based identity systems which promise the digitization of official documents, the eradication of identity theft, the minimization of fraud through easy proof of signed documents, and much more. They compete in a busy, but highly promising, field, so we wait to see what they present.
Virtue Poker – There is little information about this project as we could not find a working website. It seems, however, to be a competitor to Rouleth and it may well be the case that they are to launch on Demo Day itself ( we have no information or indication).
Benefactory – An ethereum based app that lets individuals come together to fund a common cause. A mixture of crowdfunding combined with charity.
Cardano Labo – A Vietnam based blockchain company that, according to their website, focuses on the entertainment industry. They have a wallet and exchange, but what they will Demo in Shanghai we do not yet know.
STABL is probably a blockchain start-up that is trying to provide a stable coin through the use of data analytics and other factors so as to avoid any volatility. However, we currently have as good as no information about this project
WeiFund – A blockchain based crowdfunding platform that aims to minimize, if not eliminate, scam cowdfundings by using smart contract technology to give investors far more power than they currently have in traditional crowdfundings.
Blockchainfirst – Little is known about this new Singapore based start-up, but their Ethan IoT Platform, which connects physical devices to the blockchain, suggests they are tackling the same problems as Chronicled and VeChain.
Velocity – A blockchain based derivatives marketplace that allows traders to hedge as well as decentralize margin trading. The project was built within a VC backed company, Bitaccess, which seems more focused on Bitcoin ATMs, but Velocity is unrelated from what we are told.
Fluent – Reverberating with confidence, Fluent declares they are “the financial operating network for global commerce.” No one can say they lack ambition, nor can anyone really say what their product is, but they count Boost, Fenbushi Capital and Thomson Reuters among their logos as well as a former Head of Tech and Partnerships at Google as director.
Cora Legacy – Unfortunately we have no information on this project at this point in time. This page will be updated once we receive more information.
Ripio- Bitpagos is well known in the bitcoin community for their work in Latin America where inflation runs at 40% in some country. Their wallet, Ripio, is the most popular in the South American continent. They are to demo a new service, Ripio Credits, which, according to Juan Jose, a Ripio spokesperson, allows for “convenient credit payments as an alternative to “traditional” Bitcoin payments.”
Ujo Music – They helped Imogen Heap to release their song – Tiny Human – on ethereum's blockchain, so that they can directly connect with their fans. After a period of relative quietness, they are now back and active to tell us what they've learned and showcase where they are going.
ZhongTopia – We have little information on this project except for indications that it has something to do with insurance. This page will be updated with more information.
PassLFix – This Moscow based start-up wants to smartify your luggage and your posted documents. According to their website, they use sensors, gps, blockchain tech, to allow you to track any item you send, making sure it almost never gets lost. As usual, the trick is in the details, so we look forward to them on Demo Day.
We have presented above 18 out of 31 projects. This page will be updated with the rest as we learn more, but they are just the tip of the icebearg. Devcon2, which runs for three days, will itself include many demos and announcements. We are aware of Uport, for example, and some others, with further demos and announcements expected at the Global Blockchain Summit.
Video (02:43) : Homeowners complained about construction debris and large homes; builders said the moratorium is an overreach that will hurt the area's economy.
After more than two hours of passionate testimony from residents, would-be residents, architects and builders, a Minneapolis City Council committee voted Thursday to push the pause button on a proposed residential construction moratorium in southwest Minneapolis.
That sets up another meeting for April 3, giving city officials time to look for quick measures to ease concerns over an escalation of home teardowns and rebuilds.
“We don't have to have a moratorium in place in order to do this work,” said Council Member Lisa Goodman, referring to the possibility of increased enforcement of construction rules, and even of possible zoning changes. The full City Council could still authorize some sort of halt in construction, however.
Goodman was echoing what many of the nearly 40 people who spoke at the public hearing said: Rules are already in place, so work on enforcing them, not imposing a blanket moratorium that shuts down everyone, even those builders who do follow the rules.
“To those of us in the industry, the enforcement issues would be so simple to deal with,” said builder Nick Smaby, whose homebuilding and remodeling has been honored in the Fulton neighborhood for blending in with existing homes.
Graphic: Minneapolis teardowns and rebuilds Graphic: Minneapolis teardowns and rebuilds
Council Member Linea Palmisano declared the moratorium on March 7, setting in motion Thursday's public hearing before the City Council's Planning and Zoning Committee.
After the public hearing, the committee unanimously approved Goodman's request for a two-week continuation. Palmisano, who is not on the committee but spoke at the hearing, said they would like to see city officials and builders agree in the next two weeks on some construction management principles.
Neighbors in the affected neighborhoods complained about noise, construction debris and homes they said put their own homes in shadows.
Teardowns and rebuilds in the 13th Ward have been “a train out of control,” Fulton resident Diane Jensen said at the hearing. “The system is broken and needs to be fixed. Enforcement [response] has not been helpful.”
Martha Hewett, also of Fulton, said she's concerned about the size of the houses: “I'm not saying we don't want construction, but we want construction that fits.”
Builders, architects and Realtors, many of whom apologized for some builders' disruptive impact on work sites, spoke against the moratorium, criticizing it as costing jobs and sending a message that Minneapolis doesn't want to improve housing or attract new homeowners.
Architect Tom Quigley said the moratorium generally has families thinking about not moving to Minneapolis. “We should be thrilled. We should embrace them,” they said.
Others criticized the moratorium as an example of “big government” and as a “blunt instrument” with unintended consequences.
“It's too sweeping,” said Jonathan Mack of the Lynnhurst neighborhood. A measure with “sensitivity and nuance” would have been better, they said.
In all, nearly 40 people spoke, many going over the two-minute limit. About 150 people filled the council chambers, and a nearby overflow room was also full.
The moratorium could stop teardowns and rebuilds, and some major remodeling projects, for a year in five neighborhoods where smaller, older houses are frequently being replaced by larger, new ones. But it could be lifted sooner.
City staff members are recommending that the city adopt the moratorium. In making the city's case, Minneapolis Planning Manager Jason Wittenberg showed pictures of construction debris in front of several houses in the process of being torn down and rebuilt. They also cited zoning and environmental issues.
Wittenberg said the complaints give the city a reason to pursue the moratorium, but acknowledged it could be seen as sending the wrong message.
“It could be seen to send the message that we don't want investment” in that part of the city, they said.
Two weeks to sort it out
Wittenberg said in the next two weeks officials with the city planning, public works and regulatory services departments will work as a “cross-department team,” discussing gaps in city ordinances and in enforcement of construction regulations.
Terry Pearson spoke at the public hearing regarding the Linden Hills, Fulton, Armatage, Kenny and Lynhurst neighborhoods teardown moratorium, during the Zoning and Planning Committee meeting at Minneapolis City Hall, Thursday, March 20, 2014.
“Ideally we'd also work cooperatively with the [building] industry to see if they'll agree to some things,” they added.
Palmisano said constituents they encountered in their run for office last year expressed grave concerns about construction disruption and zoning laws and enforcement, as well as larger issues such as housing affordability and what many see as the changing character of neighborhoods.
Many in the housing business have said they felt blindsided by the moratorium, which they said was imposed without discussion or advance notice. Palmisano has said that advance notice would have caused a rush on teardowns — the very thing they are trying to temper. Officials at the hearing said there is no legal requirement for public notice of a moratorium.
At least two of the five neighborhood associations in Palmisano's ward — in Fulton and Lynnhurst — have taken positions opposed to the moratorium while supporting their aims in addressing construction issues. The Linden Hills Neighborhood Council is expected to take a position in a special meeting Monday. The other two neighborhoods are Kenny and Armatage.
Since 1998, the city has authorized 16 moratoriums, but only two have targeted single- and two-family housing.
Traditional farming has challenges that are now being overcome by innovative and sustainable solutions. One instance is a floating island that is powered by solar energy and has several farms that were created by the Forward Thinking Architecture. The islands are designed to work in an energy efficient manner where rainwater and sunlight are harvested so that the farming is done in a sustainable manner. The floating farms are designed to produce vegetables of the amount twenty tons every day. The advantage of this approach is that it has paved the way for farms such as this to be built and run across the world, even in places that are not accessible or do not have the right resources for farming. Locals can grow the food they need and reduce the need to import food and other goods which can then save money and provide opportunities for local employment. The floating farms and their amazing technology and possibilities are shown below. There are links given as well for those who wish to know more. It surely will revolutionize the problems of food production that has been plaguing many countries.
As Monsanto's patent for Aspartame was nearing expiration, they developed the strategy of adding a hazardous chemical to to it, making it sweeter, and more toxic, and calling it Neotame. There was no trouble in getting FDA approval, which then also waived labeling requirements.
Monsanto developed Neotame as their Aspartame patent was expiring, and had no trouble in gaining FDA approval in 2002. They added 3-dimethylbutyl, a chemical listed as hazardous by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), to Aspartame, making it both sweeter and more toxic. Both Aspartame and Neotame contain substances that are metabolized into formaldehyde, a highly toxic poison, and an excitotoxic amino acid that agitates, thereby damaging, nerves.
Neotame has similar structure to aspartame -- except that, from it's structure, appears to be even more toxic than aspartame. This potential increase in toxicity will make up for the fact that less will be used in diet drinks. Like aspartame, some of the concerns include gradual neurotoxic and immunotoxic damage from the combination of the formaldehyde metabolite (which is toxic at extremely low doses) and the excitotoxic amino acid. Even Monsanto's own pre-approval studies of neotame revealed adverse reactions. Unfortunately, Monsanto only conducted a few one-day studies in humans rather than encouraging independent researchers to obtain NIH funding to conduct long-term human studies on the effects of neotame.
It looks like the FDA's loosening of labeling rules for Neotame is part of a large-scale effort to make it a near-ubiquitous artificial sweetener, to be found on the tabletop, in all prepared foods—even organics—and even in the meats consumed.
Neotame can even be ingested second-hand because it is used in animal feed. A product called Sweetos , containing Neotame, is fed to cattle in place of molasses, to cover up the smell of rancid food they are fed. This will never make it into any label. Why would the FDA loosen the labeling requirements for this product?Perhaps it has to do with the fact that Michael Taylor was appointed in 2009 by President Obama to the newly created post of Senior Adviser to the Commissioner of the FDA. Michael Taylor , noted 'food safety expert' has long history of boucing between jobs as lawyer to Monsanto, working for Monsanto, being a lobbyist for Monsanto, a position at the USDA, and going back and forth from there to the FDA.
There was much objection to their appointment when it was originally made, and it only took two years for a negative predicted result to happen. This is a classic example of the revolving door between lobbyists for and from large business, and their appointments to government agencies where they rule favorably for the corporations. This was supposed to stop in President Obama's administration.
There is a petition at Signon.Org objecting to the appointment of Michael Taylor to the FDA and calling on President Obama to cut ties with Monsanto.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The temptation is to blame the Browns for the cancellation of the July 14 "Fan Kickoff Concert" at FirstEnergy Stadium with Bon Jovi.
But then word came that Bon Jovi also canceled their concert on July 16 at Noblesville, Ind.
We don't know all the details of the collapse of the Browns' kickoff concert because the Browns have said nothing of consequence.
Part of the reason for their silence might be because they want to book other major acts into the stadium, and they don't want to say anything to turn off other top-flight acts and booking agencies.
But Browns fans are left with the impression that the team failed to pull this off, after hyping it on May 28.
Futhermore, it seems they tried to do too much, too fast -- and it makes little sense to bring Bon Jovi back when they were just here in March.
So now what?
While I won't fault them for whatever happened with Bon Jovi, they should have had a Plan B ready.
Or at least, they could have said: "While we won't have Bon Jovi, we still have Michael Stanley and the Resonators. We also are working on something else -- details to come later."
The Browns need to be proactive, rather than surprised by what just happened.
They should go back to where the idea started -- something special for Browns fans. Maybe something a little different to start the season.
Then ask, "What do Browns fans like?"
I know, a winner.
But what else?
They love their history.
Think Bernie Kosar. Think Frank Ryan. Think Jim Brown.
Think Hanford Dixon, Frank Minnifield.
Think Sam Rutigliano, Brian Sipe, Bubba Baker. Think Brian Brennan, Paul Warfield, Reggie Rucker.
Come on, Browns, think . . .
THINK BROWNS FOOTBALL!
Then get on the phone, round up some key former players.
Bring in some current favorites such as Joe Thomas, D'Qwell Jackson, Trent Richardson, Greg Little and others.
Rent out an area for a night. Keep the prices reasonable -- $5 or $10 a person, kids for a buck. You can work out the details. Tie it to a local charity.
Has Michael Stanley rock. Have the pep rally that was planned for the stadium. Have the players stationed all over the place, with fans having a chance to get autographs.
Then give stuff away, lots of stuff: T-shirts and little Nerf footballs and other things fans love. Have inflatables for the kids, and nostalgia for the adults. Bring some of the displays over from the new Legends Hall at the stadium.
Make it into one giant tailgate party, with dollar dogs on the grill and cheap sodas, burgers and popcorn.
Instead of trying to throw 80-yard touchdown passes, just move the chains, pile up the first downs.
Touch your fans where they live.
The truth is the Browns never needed Bon Jovi, a New Jersey rocker.
Instead, turn this into one big Family Fest with a distinct Browns flavor -- something you should have done in the first place.
Vinyl enthusiasts regularly drop thousands of dollars on stereo equipment so they can experience the purest possible sound, but one hardcore Beatles fan just invested more than $12,000 in a remarkably rare turntable that will probably never even be used.
WhatSellsBest reports that a 1964 NEMS Beatles Record Player, offered in near-mint condition with all its original parts intact, was recently offered by a well-known memorabilia dealer on eBay with a starting price of 99 cents. Twenty-nine bids later, the turntable found its new home -- at a final price of $12,100.
As the article points out, these record players were one of the earliest pieces of licensed Beatles merchandise -- and given that they were manufactured in a limited run of 5,000, it's extremely rare to find one that's been this well-preserved. The player's vendor acknowledged as much in the listing, which read in part, "Folks, this one is it! The winner of the all-time best record player I have ever offered for sale, and it even edges the one I owned myself in 1982, which before now... Held the title!"
Once again, it just goes to show you that it's worth hanging onto tie-in products inspired by your favorite bands -- and who knows? If your kids bring home, say, a One Direction mp3 player, maybe it'll end up helping pay for a nice vacation someday.
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… January, 2019 December, 2018 November, 2018 October, 2018 September, 2018 August, 2018 July, 2018 June, 2018 May, 2018 April, 2018 March, 2018 February, 2018
Feds move to keep NSA call data indefinitely
Citing the need to preserve evidence related to pending lawsuits, the Obama administration is asking for permission to keep data on billions of U.S. phone calls indefinitely instead of destroying it after five years.
In a motion filed Tuesday with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the Justice Department says the series of lawsuits over the program — including one filed by Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) — create a duty for the government to hang on to the so-called metadata currently in the National Security Agency's computer systems.
“Based upon the issues raised by Plaintiffs in the … lawsuits and the Government's potential defenses to those claims, the United States must ensure that all potentially relevant evidence is retained which includes the [business record] metadata obtained in bulk from certain telecommunications service providers pursuant to this Court's production orders,” Justice Department lawyers write in a motion (posted here).
(Also on POLITICO: NSA watchdog: Snowden should have come to me)
The motion was released Wednesday on the court's public web page. There was no immediate indication of a ruling from the surveillance court.
The NSA's call metadata program is aimed at detecting terrorist plots affecting the U.S., but evidence of the effort's success is murky. President Barack Obama has proposed ending the NSA's collection of the data. Officials are considering storing it with the telephone companies themselves, creating a new entity to hold it, or reconstructing the program in some other way.
The Wall Street Journal reported last week that U.S. officials were considering making the request submitted on Tuesday.
Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan on Thursday proposed a $9 billion plan to add express toll lanes to the routes of three of Maryland's most congested highways — the Interstate 495 Capital Beltway, the I-270 spur connecting Frederick to D.C., and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway between the two cities.
“This problem has been marring the quality of life of Maryland citizens for decades,” Hogan said at a news conference. “Today, we are finally going to do something about it.”
The highway expansions would add two express toll lanes each way to roughly 100 miles of roadways in Maryland's densely populated central region. Existing lanes on each road would remain free to drivers.
The massive undertaking involves persuading the federal government to give the Baltimore-Washington Parkway, now controlled by the National Park Service, to the Maryland Transportation Authority.
The price tag for the Baltimore-Washington Parkway would be $1.4 billion. It's dwarfed by the size of the combined $7.6 billion project to widen I-495 and I-270. Those new lanes would be built and maintained by private companies through public-private partnerships, or PPPs, in what the governor said would be the largest highway public-private partnerships in North America.
“This is breathtaking,” said Robert Poole, a toll policy expert and director of transportation policy at Reason Foundation, a libertarian think-tank based in California. Poole said Hogan's project would be the largest express lanes project in U.S. history.
“This is a very big deal,” Poole said. “The tolling community, the PPP community, the express-lane community, will be going gaga.”
Hogan, a Republican, said they have already met with U.S. Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke about transferring the parkway and instructed state staffers to “finalize the details.”
The Interior Department did not confirm that the federal government intends to hand off the road.
“Secretary Zinke and Governor Hogan recently had a wide ranging conversation about a number of issues of mutual interest,” Zinke spokesperson Alex Hinson said in an e-mail. “No decisions related to issues involving the Baltimore-Washington Parkway were made during that meeting.”
House Appropriations Chairwoman Maggie McIntosh, a Baltimore Democrat, said they support the public-private-parternship model but still has a lot of questions about how the state could execute a $9 billion project without a major contribution from state taxpayers.
They said investing so heavily in roads also has the potential to strangle the revenue stream for other transportation projects, like mass transit.
“Many will be excited, I'm sure,” McIntosh said. “I'm skeptical because I know the devils in the details here. … It's important that people know that they're not going to drive on [the lanes] unless they pay.”
Hogan emphasized the benefits of cutting down congestion in the region, which typically ranks among the top-10 the worst metro areas in the country.
They predicted the “three massive, unprecedented projects,” which they dubbed the Traffic Relief Plan “will be absolutely transformative and will help Maryland citizens go about their daily lives in a more efficient and safer manner.”
AAA Mid-Atlantic applauded Hogan for offering “much needed relief to the commuters, who utilize some of the most congested roadways in our state,” Ragina Cooper Averella, a spokesperson for the regional driver's advocacy group, said in a statement.
"This Traffic Relief Plan is a significant commitment to improving traffic conditions for millions of motorists and those who travel through Maryland," they said.
Smart growth advocates harshly criticized Hogan's plan as "failing" Maryland, calling it a costly, disruptive band-aid solution that will ultimately increase traffic on side roads. Expanding highways lures more drivers to those roads, they said, and the roadways eventually will be congested again.
“It's not a lasting solution to transportation problems,” said Stewart Schwartz, executive director of the Coalition for Smarter Growth. They added that expanding only the major highways wouldn't do anything to accommodate traffic flowing onto them.
“Cars don't just teleport to these highways.” they said. “They travel through neighborhoods. They travel on arterial roads.”
The National Park Service drew a similar conclusion after Congress mandated a study in 2012 about whether to expand the Baltimore-Washington Parkway, which is technically federal parkland. The study found that widening the road to six lanes “will likely result in levels of traffic congestion similar to those experienced today.”
The study was conducted with the U.S. Department of Transportation, the park service, the Maryland State Highway Administration and the Maryland Department of Transportation.
“No general public consensus was identified on either the need or the desirability of undertaking any potential widening option,” the study found.
The method Hogan proposed to add toll lanes to the Capital Beltway and I-270 is similar to the way Virginia built high-occupancy toll lanes, known as HOT lanes, on its portion of the beltway and elsewhere in the state.
Such public-private partnerships, in which the private sector helps build roads in return for future toll revenue, have become increasingly common. That's how the state is building the $2 billion Purple Line light-rail project in the Washington suburbs.
The companies that win bids for I-495 and I-270 projects would finance, design, build, operate and maintain those express toll lanes, and share some of the revenue with the state.
Hogan's proposal entails adding four toll lanes to the entirety of the Capital Beltway in Maryland, from the Woodrow Wilson Bridge in Prince George's County to the American Legion Bridge in Montgomery County, a distance of about 40 miles.
They also proposed adding four toll lanes to I-270, from its connection to the Capital Beltway to where it meets I-70 in the city of Frederick, which is about 30 miles.
Maryland Department of Transportation spokesperson Erin Henson said rush hour on each of these roads amounts to seven hours every weekday. The congestion affects 260,000 motorists daily on I-270, 240,000 motorists daily on I-495 and 120,000 motorists each day on the Baltimore-Washington Parkway.
It could be years before the toll lanes are up and running.
This movie shows how a redundant Second World War bunker in the Netherlands was turned into a sculptural visitor attraction by slicing it down the middle to reveal its insides.
The bunker was built in 1940 to shelter up to 13 soldiers during bombing raids and the intervention by Dutch studios RAAAF and Atelier de Lyon reveals the small, dark spaces inside, which are normally hidden from view.
The movie shows a diamond wire saw being used to cut a straight section through the centre of the monolithic structure, and a crane lifting it away to create a narrow slit.
It took 40 days to slice through the solid concrete bunker, which was one of 700 constructed along the New Dutch Waterline, a series of water-based defences used between 1815 and 1940 to protect the cities of Muiden, Utrecht, Vreeswijk and Gorinchem.
"Our aim with the project was to question the policies on monuments by doing this intervention," Ronald Rietveld of RAAAF told Dezeen, adding that the bunker was subsequently elevated from a municipal monument to a national monument and is now part of the New Dutch Waterline's bid for UNESCO World Heritage status.
The designers also constructed a set of stairs to connect the nearby road to a path that leads through the centre of the bunker onto a wooden boardwalk raised above the flooded area.
"The pier and the piles supporting it remind them that the water surrounding them is not caused by e.g. the removal of sand but rather is a shallow water plain characteristic of the inundations in times of war," said Rietveld in a statement about the project.
Visible from the busy A2 motorway, the bunker is part of a 20-year masterplan begun in 2000 to transform the Dutch Waterline into a national park. It was completed in 2010 but officially opened last year and recently won the Architectural Review Award 2013 for Emerging Architecture.
RAAAF previously went by the name Rietveld Landscape. Past projects by the studio include a criss-crossing bridge and a flightless spaceship.
Here's a project description from RAAAF:
Bunker 599
In a radical way this intervention sheds new light on the Dutch policy on cultural heritage. At the same, it times makes people look at their surroundings in a new way. The project lays bare two secrets of the New Dutch Waterline (NDW), a military line of defence in use from 1815 until 1940 protecting the cities of Muiden, Utrecht, Vreeswijk and Gorinchem by means of intentional flooding.
A seemingly indestructible bunker with monumental status is sliced open. The design thereby opens up the minuscule interior of one of NDW's 700 bunkers, the insides of which are normally cut off from view completely. In addition, a long wooden boardwalk cuts through the extremely heavy construction. It leads visitors to a flooded area and to the footpaths of the adjacent natural reserve. The pier and the piles supporting it remind them that the water surrounding them is not caused by e.g. the removal of sand but rather is a shallow water plain characteristic of the inundations in times of war.
The sliced up bunker forms a publicly accessible attraction for visitors of the NDW. It is moreover visible from the A2 highway and can thus also be seen by tens of thousands of passers-by each day. The project is part of the overall strategy of RAAAF | Atelier de Lyon to make this unique part of Dutch history accessible and tangible for a wide variety of visitors. Paradoxically, after the intervention Bunker 599 became a Dutch national monument.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China will shut poultry markets in certain districts of two cities after H7N9 bird flu infections were detected, state media reported on Sunday, the latest incidents in this year's more severe outbreak of the virus.
A 44-year-old man who sold poultry at a farmers market in southwestern Sichuan province's Zigong city was diagnosed with H7N9, China News Service reported. Local authorities announced a one-month halt to poultry markets in the city's Ziliujing district from midnight on Monday.
Separately, a 74-year old man who had visited poultry markets in Shandong province's Binzhou city was also diagnosed with H7N9, China Central Television reported. Binzhou authorities will temporarily halt poultry markets in three of its districts.
Bird flu can jump from poultry to humans. Human cases of bird flu have been unusually high for China since last year, with three times more fatalities from H7N9 in the first four months of the year than in all of 2016. But deaths fell in April for the third consecutive month.
Kelley began shooting from outside Sutherland Springs' First Baptist Church before they entered the building to continue gunning down the congregation at the 11 a.m. service. Their in-laws were members of the church but were not in attendance Sunday.
Kelley had been spotted about 11:20 a.m. at a gas station on the other side of U.S. Highway 87 before they drove up to the church about 35 miles from San Antonio.
Dressed in tactical gear, Kelley was armed with a Ruger assault-style rifle, authorities said. They fired on churchgoers as they walked down the aisle at the small building, then turned around and kept shooting as they walked back out.
Theirs is Texas' worst mass shooting in modern history, surpassing the attack where 23 people were murdered and 20 more were wounded at a Killeen Luby's in 1991.
Once Kelley started shooting, there was probably "no way" for congregants at First Baptist to escape, Wilson County Sheriff Joe Tackitt said Monday.
Hatch is an upcoming virtual pet game for the iOS that's incredibly innovative and destined (in my slightly biased opinion) to become a massive hit, and the developers are now giving out eggs for early adopters who want to start the ownership process of their pet "Fugu" -- that's the name of Hatch's face-punchingly cute pets -- go here to reserve yours. I'm biased because the long, painstaking design and development of Hatch is featured in my new book, Game Design Secrets. Here's what I wrote about Hatch there:
If you're playing music on your phone, your Fugu will dance... Perhaps most clever of all, and unlike other artificial creature games, your fugu is directly linked to your phone—as your iPhone's battery loses energy, your fugu starts getting tired too.
Hatch lead developer Phill Ryu, who I profiled in Design, just told me about what's most unique about their virtual pet game, among others (like Tamagotchi) that have come before:
"I think the iPhone as a home and platform for it is just beyond perfect, and offers an amazing opportunity to nail one side of the 'story of pet ownership' that most virtual pets haven't scratched – the scale and scope of the relationship." Since the fugu's on your phone, that relationship can become a long-term thing:
Show full PR text
June 11, 2013 02:31 PM Eastern Daylight Time
eyeSight Powers 3D Gesture Control with a Standard Camera
eyeSight offers 3D gesture control using a single standard camera, available in most digital devices. No need for additional hardware add-ons.
To demonstrate these capabilities, the company has transformed the Google Earth and Google Sky apps to become touch-free using gestures in 3D space.
ISRAEL & CUPERTINO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--eyeSight Technologies, a leading provider of gesture recognition technology, has announced today that its newest gesture control solution can detect depth and simulate 3D tracking using only a single standard camera, without the need for additional hardware.
The video of real-time 3D interaction released by eyeSight today shows a person navigating virtual streets and manipulating Google Earth by simply hovering the hand in front of the screen.
Watch the video here: http://bit.ly/15DqMQV
eyeSight's technology is 100% software-based. The cost and ease of integration means eyeSight has the potential to further accelerate the penetration of software-based gesture control technology across mass-market consumer devices such as PCs, Mobile phones, Tablets and TVs. The company is already active in products across these markets.
"For eyeSight it's all about delivering fresh and exciting user experiences," eyeSight's CEO Gideon Shmuel said. "We want to enable users to interact with their devices using natural gestures, and we believe adding such capabilities to our offering, create a new layer of intuitiveness that users want."
eyeSight's technology allows users to easily control various devices using simple hand and finger gestures. The company has also recently launched a single camera-based fingertip tracking solution, enabling highly detailed touch-free control of devices. eyeSight's technology can be integrated in a variety of digital devices from mobile phones, to tablets, PCs, TVs, set-top-boxes, in-car infotainment systems, and more camera-enabled devices.
eyeSight's technology has received excellent market traction, being featured in several high-profile devices including the Lenovo Yoga Ultrabooks, AMD APUs, among others.
eyeSight's 3D gesture control for standard cameras is available today.
For further information please contact eyesight@emlwildfire.com
(CNN) Earlier this month, Prabhjot Singh sat down with their 4-year-old son Hukam and tried for the first time to explain the horrific incident that altered the Manhattan family's life.
"A few years ago, a few men hurt me because of what I looked like, because they thought I was bad," Singh said.
Hukam stared back, confused. "Why?" they asked.
"Their hearts were asleep and they were not thinking about Papaji as a person," Singh said, using a Punjabi term of respect for father.
On the night of September 21, 2013, Singh, a highly accomplished doctor and professor, was walking with a friend on 110th Street near Central Park. Both men are Sikhs and have long beards and wear turbans. Singh heard someone yell: "Terrorist, Osama, get him."
Singh ran but not fast enough. A group of boys and young men on bicycles taunted them using racial slurs. One pulled their beard and then the attackers punched and kicked them repeatedly. They lay on the ground, waiting for them to stop, when passers-by intervened. Singh ended up in the hospital with a broken jaw, dislodged teeth and other gruesome injuries.
But Singh expressed gratitude. They understood it could have been so much worse.
Fifteen years ago Thursday, an Indian Sikh immigrant was gunned down at the gas station they managed in Mesa, Arizona. It was the first revenge killing in the wake of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. The assailant said they wanted to "go out and shoot some towel heads" for the actions of Osama bin Laden.
Hate crimes against Muslims and those perceived as Muslims spiked after 9/11. Sikh men grow long beards and wear turbans as a commitment to their faith, and many Americans mistake them for Muslims.
Sikhs under attack Violent attacks on Sikhs spiked after September 11, 2001. Read about some of the incidents reported as hate crimes.
Reports of incidents in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 and concerns that hate crimes would rise prompted the founding of the Sikh Coalition, which has grown into the largest Sikh advocacy and civil rights organization in America. In the first month after 9/11, the group documented more than 300 cases of violence and discrimination against Sikhs in America.
In the years since, hundreds of hate crimes have been reported, many of them described by police as cases of mistaken identity, like the September 15, 2001, murder in Mesa.
As America marks the 15th anniversary of 9/11 this month, many Sikhs say they feel no safer in this country. A climate of fear has prevailed since the Paris attacks in November; it has surfaced every time shootings and terrorist attacks are blamed on Muslims. Many feel the focus on immigrants in the 2016 presidential election has added to the hatemongering.
"I definitely feel the uptick of more hateful rhetoric in the country," says Singh.
The irony of being attacked was not lost on Singh: They had written about the violence against Sikhs, including a New York Times piece after the 2012 mass shooting at a Milwaukee temple . A year later, he, too, had become a victim, finding themselves in the uncomfortable position of having to explain to their young son why they were attacked simply because of the way they look.
"Whatever I think the environment is around us, I know children absorb all the messages," they say. "How can we prepare them to meet the world that may not be prepared to meet them?
"Why are we being attacked for being Sikh?" they say. "My tradition teaches me to ask what are we doing as a community to have a far more welcoming embrace of people who are different than us."
Photos: American turban For Sikhs, the turban is not about culture, it's an article of faith that is mandatory for men. The turban is also a reason why Sikh men have been targeted and attacked in America, especially after 9/11. Turbans were featured in "The Sikh Project," a 2016 exhibition that celebrated the Sikh American experience. British photographers Amit and Naroop partnered with the Sikh Coalition for the show. This photo is of New York actor and designer Waris Singh Ahluwalia, who was kicked off an Aero Mexico flight in February after refusing to remove their turban at security. Hide Caption 1 of 10 Photos: American turban Harpreet Kaur, a producer at Maryland Public Television, founded Sach Productions, a media organization that creates films focused on minority issues. They were the first Sikh reporter in Washington. Hide Caption 2 of 10 Photos: American turban Harmandeep Singh, a high school senior in New York, arrived from India in 2014. Hide Caption 3 of 10 Photos: American turban Ishprit Kaur's mother is a nurse and inspired their daughter to become one, too. Kaur was also drawn to the medical field because their father is battling Parkinson's disease. Hide Caption 4 of 10 Photos: American turban Japjee Singh, like many Sikh kids, was bullied for years in suburban Atlanta schools. In 2014, the Department of Justice settled a landmark case with the DeKalb County school system that paved the way for better protection from bullying. Hide Caption 5 of 10 Photos: American turban Maj. Kamaljeet Singh Kalsi was born in India but grew up in New Jersey. They were the only Sikh child in their public school and became the first Sikh American to be granted religious accommodation to serve in the military since a 1980s ban that prevents Sikhs from serving. Kalsi deployed to Afghanistan and now works to end religious discrimination in the military. Hide Caption 6 of 10 Photos: American turban Retired engineer Lathan Dennis-Singh was born in Kingston, Jamaica, where they befriended reggae superstar Bob Marley. They converted to Sikhism 48 years ago at their college in Michigan and has been living in Fairfax, Virginia, for the last 30 years. Hide Caption 7 of 10 Photos: American turban Raghuvinder Singh travels from their home in New Jersey to Oak Creek, Wisconsin, every week to see their father, Punjab Singh, who was shot in the face in the 2012 mass shooting there. Punjab Singh remains paralyzed and communicates through blinking their eyes. Hide Caption 8 of 10 Photos: American turban Sat Hari Singh reversed the New York train they were operating on 9/11 and helped save the lives of many people. They worked with the Sikh Coalition to sue the transportation authority over a policy against turbans and won. Hide Caption 9 of 10 Photos: American turban Musician Sonny Singh is a member of the Brooklyn Bhangra band. In their other life, he's a community organizer who leads workshops on race, religion and social justice. Hide Caption 10 of 10
Sikhism was founded in the 16th century by Guru Nanak in Punjab, an area that is now divided between India and Pakistan. Nanak rejected the rituals involved with other South Asian religions and stressed the importance of good deeds such as serving others and treating all people equally.
The monotheistic religion has more than 25 million followers worldwide and about 500,000 in the United States. Yet a majority of Americans -- 60% -- admitted in a 2015 survey that they knew nothing at all about Sikhs.
Lawyer and activist Valarie Kaur says the threat of violence seems to have become mainstreamed.
Them grandfather settled in California a century ago, and they know firsthand from their family that discrimination against Sikhs existed long before 2001. But 9/11, they say, was a paradigm shift, a turning point.
They used to talk about living in the "shadow of 9/11." Then the shadow turned out to be long, and what seemed temporary became permanent.
"Bigotry on the fringe has been cemented," says Kaur, whose 2008 documentary, "Divided We Fall," explored Sikhs in the United States and what it meant to be American in a post-9/11 world.
"The threat of hate and racism has become a part of our daily lives," they say.
Despite the current climate, both Singh and Kaur expressed optimism for the future. Both are vocal about their Sikh identities and talk about landmark changes they hope will make things better in America. They point to younger generations of Sikhs who are fiercely proud of their outward identities and to people like Rana Singh Sodhi, who lost two brothers within a matter of months and became a strong voice for their community.
'He was killed simply because of the way they looked'
On Thursday, Singh Sodhi will again gather with family and friends at the corner of 80th Street and University Drive in Mesa, Arizona.
The Chevron station had been the pride of their older brother Balbir, who arrived in the United States in 1988 and worked hard to achieve the American dream.
That dream shattered in 2001, and now a small marble-and-granite memorial bears these words etched in gold lettering: "He was killed simply because of the way they looked."
This is ground zero for the Sodhi family.
Balbir's killer, Frank Roque, told the police: "I'm a patriot and American. I'm American. I'm a damn American."
JUST WATCHED Losing a father in a shooting Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Losing a father in a shooting 01:40
Balbir considered themselves a patriot, too. An hour before they died, they had driven to a nearby Costco to purchase plants for new landscaping at the gas station. On their way out of the store, they emptied their wallet, donating $74 to the 9/11 victims' fund. Then they called Rana and asked them to bring a few American flags to display.
Balbir was the eldest of eight siblings in a farming family from the Indian state of Punjab. They and their brothers resettled in America and felt indebted to the nation that gave them new opportunities.
But 10 months after Balbir's murder, a second brother, Sukhpal, was also gunned down, while driving their cab in San Francisco. Police said it was not a hate crime, but Rana is certain that both their brothers were killed because of their Sikh identity.
"I understand that everyone has to leave this world but not because we wear a turban, wear a beard," they say. "America is the most diverse country in the world, but people have zero knowledge about who we are."
Rana Singh Sodhi could easily have been consumed by anger or bitterness. Instead they took it upon themselves to begin educating people at churches, schools and community events.
He's saddened when they meet Sikh men who shave their beards and abandon their turbans out of fear.
"I don't want to live scared," they say. "This is America. I should be able to live the way I want to live."
Tracking hate, expressing love
Sikh Americans suffered their darkest moment on August 5, 2012, when white supremacist Wade Michael Page went on a shooting rampage at a Sikh gurdwara, or temple, in Oak Creek, Wisconsin. Page killed one woman and five men; all the men were wearing turbans.
At the time, it was the worst hate crime committed in a house of faith since the 1963 church bombing in Birmingham, Alabama. Although the incident made national news, it did not get the same attention as other shooting incidents, says activist Kaur.
"It happened on Sunday. By the following Sunday, we were bumped," Kaur says. "The media did not think the American public had the attention or did not care enough to understand this community. They could imagine a movie theater or an elementary school or a black church. But not a gurdwara."
JUST WATCHED Sikhism in America Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sikhism in America 02:15
Since then, Sikh Americans have made some important gains, Kaur says. That includes an announcement in 2015 that the FBI would begin tracking hate crimes against Sikhs. Sikh Americans had lobbied for years for such documentation, arguing it was a key step in combating such crimes.
The first report will be released later this year.
"It is not going to prevent an Oak Creek massacre, but it was a landmark civil rights victory," Kaur says.
Ultimately, they say, the only way to prevent violence and discrimination is for people to get to know each other. Oneness and love, core foundations of the Sikh faith, are the only way to save the Sikh community, they say.
Sikhism also embraces a concept called seva, which means selfless service. Kaur says Sikhs must go beyond education or lobbying and engage in seva in their neighborhoods to gain full acceptance in this country.
Prabhjot Singh, the Manhattan doctor, agrees.
"I deeply believe in the Sikh spirit of seva," they say. "Working in our communities where we live is one of the more powerful things we can do.
"Shortly after I was attacked, I prepared to shift my work, to work in a community context, and learn how to be more rooted in the work of creating a more loving nation. It's not easy, and I'm no expert. But if anything, being attacked primed me to listen more carefully and feel the consequences of our choices more deeply."
'Wake up their hearts'
When they sat down with their son, Singh told them their lives were forever connected to the lives of their assailants. And that they would spend a long time thinking and talking about it, just like they ask Hukam to think about times they hurt their younger brother.
One man was later arrested in connection with the attack and charged with aggravated harassment and committing a hate crime. No one else has been apprehended.
After the beating, Singh knew it was important for the Sikh community that justice was done, but more important for him, they would like to meet the perpetrators. Perhaps, they say, they are naïve, but they believe that getting to know people who are different is the best way to create change.
Singh would rather their attackers be taught than caught. They want the streets of Harlem to be safe for their sons. More than anything, they want that group of young men and boys to stop hating.
Singh posed the question to their son. "What should I do to them if I meet them?"
Hukam smiled. "You have to wake up their hearts."
For Singh, that was the right answer.
[This mod has now ceased development]
This is currently a WIP mod that attempts to make the User Interface for fallout 4 more easy to use, understand, manage and improve the overall user experience with a better inventory menu.
Holotapes and Notes in pipboy are highlighted with special icons.
Inventory items have a Value per Weight indicator. + Custom extended support for trading menus
Removed cap/max length on item names in inventory menus. (no dotdotdot)
Inventory items have a DPS indicator for weapons (melee and ranged).
Improved container UI.
Improved barter menu UI.
Container menu shows icons for all item types.
Optional longer crafting item names.
Recommended Mods:
Bhaal's Better Sorting For better item sorting.
Full Dialog Interface For improved dialog menu options.
Note that using both of those recommended mods at the same time requires the Fallout 4 String Patcher mod.
Or you may download Full Dialogue Interface - Bhaal's Better Sorting Mod Merge which has conveniently combined the two already.
Future plans:
Add search bar to specific inventories to find items under both the players and containers items. Add item details to the container hover UI Add scroll bar to several interfaces
There are several other UI changes i want to make but other mod authors have already released them, so ill be reaching out to them to make sure im allowed to add them to this mod too.Any UI mod you have that changes the pipboy probably wont work with this mod because its editing the same file.I am integrating mods i have permission to include.If anyone is upseat about this or feels i have not given them correct credit or wants their work removed from this mod, please send me a message.1. Value per Weight indicator for container UI by CyberShadow version 0.2Included in version 0.03 of UXOPermission proof: http://i.imgur.com/guNApe5.png
(A mighty French hockey army from Gap. Photo from lesrapacesdegap.free.fr)
I see that the sun is rising above the top of the mountains in the Alp area of France. Beams are shining upon faces and thoughts of a bright future of the hockey club Rapaces de Gap, situated in Gap, France.
National champions they became this season, and that means that they enter the Champions Hockey League tournament 2015-2016. The fans are celebrating their heroes after achieving the cup.
(Photo from Rapace de Gap)
The country is though more famous for their football, handball, basketball and even rugby. Daily we can read about Paris Saint-Germain, Marseille, Monaco, etc. But, very seldom the newspapers elsewhere say anything about the French hockey.
I have to confess that my insights about the Ligue Magnus, the official name of the league, is quite limited.
But, thanks to the Champions Hockey League, it opens up wider views and spread more knowledge about the clubs around Europe, among them, Rapaces de Gap.
Well, it has to be said that the few French players who play or played in Liiga, SHL or KHL, are filling up the knowledge gap as well, at least a bit.
We all know Pierre-Edouard Bellemare, Damien Fleury, Yohan Auvitu, Charles Bertrand, Christobal Huet and Stephane Da Costa. Also, in Mikkelin Jukurit, Finland, there is the intelligent keeper Ronan Quemener, from the Rapaces de Gap.
According the Wiki, the organization is founded 1937, and the club's name means “Birds of prey” in English. The logo is cool, an evil predator bird, an eagle. Ready to attack their prey.
The Wiki reveals some other names except Quemener, who have played in the club before, and some of them sounds somewhat familiar:
Alain Daigle, who also played 406 games in the NHL, Vadim Sharifijanov with 96 games and Roland Cloutier, who ended up with 34 games.
Let us hear what Jody Obninsky, the club's development manager and the head coach of the team, Luciano Basile had to say about the organization and the featuring performance in the CHL. Also, telling more about hockey in France.
This is the first time you enter the European club tournament, what's the expectations of the players and the coaches?
In fact it will be our 3rd time in European club tournament after 1977 (against Koln) and 1978 (against Bolzano), but it's quite old now! The coaches, players and fans are expecting above all strong emotions. We had to work very hard the past season to become French Champions. It is an honor to be amongst the top 48 clubs in Europe and the quality and intensity of our opponents will push us to be at our best. We have a young team and the CHL is an opportunity for our players to showcase their ability.
Any goal settled how far to reach in the tournament? Or just there to see and learn?
We don't have a specific result-oriented objective. We believe that the French Magnus League may be the most underrated competition in Europe and we intend to help change the way hockey in France is presently perceived by many. That being said, we also are aware that surviving the pool games and winning a berth in the 1/16 finals would be a minor “Miracle on Ice”.
Is the interest for hockey big there among the citizens in the town? Is the game growing as a sport in France, in general?
For 70 years, hockey is number one sport in town (see on picture, Editor's note, it refers to the photo above), but I guess we are only 3 or 4 clubs like that in France. Even if we are still small market in France, Hockey is growing up and we can see more and more french games on TV in France, and the professional league which start in 2016/2017 will increase this we think. We also gonna have World Championship group A in 2017 and that's really good for french hockey.
I hope and believe that the Worlds in France will open up more eyes for the hockey in the country.
And, we can detect that there are a lot of potentials in the French side of the game. That we have seen in all those hockey players that have reached the NHL, KHL or the Nordic hockey leagues.
Though, it has to be said, that small but many triumphs of some sort make a lot of the interest.
For example, players drafted by the greater teams in NA or Russia. The national team can play even with some of the bigger nations like Canada, Finland, Russia, etc. and even win some of the games.
Now it is Rapaces de Gap's turn to re-enter the European club stage and this time it is a way bigger platform than it was in the late 70's.
Will they make it to the playoffs or not, that's the question. We'll see about that. But, I have a gut sense that they might be a nasty surprise for many teams.
It will surely be a great boost for the French hockey in general if they'll make it to the knockout stage of the tournament.
The Alp mountains and the surrounding ground will then to a hundred percent shake and avalanches of crazy hockey fans from Gap rise above our heads with the message:
“WE ARE RAPACES.”
Furthermore, we shouldn't be surprised if agents over the whole Europe and NA will have their eyes fixed upon the Rapace players.
As I am somehow sure that we'll hear more about them in the future. The Champions Hockey League is the next big task and showground.
I had in my mind to say Bon Appétit, the little français I know, but it should be of course: Bonne chance!
Notable:
If you wish to know more about Rapace de Gap and Ligue Magnus, you may reach further information at the following pages including the club's official homepage.
Rapace de Gap: http://lesrapacesdegap.free.fr/
Rapace de Gap on Wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rapaces_de_Gap
Ligue Magnus official homepage: http://www.liguemagnus.com/
A big thank you to Jody Obninsky and Luciano Basile for the interview. A genuine good luck to the club in the CHL and the coming season in Ligue Magnus.
