George Stroumboulopoulos said it will be a "dream" to anchor next season's Hockey Night in Canada.
Rogers Communications introduced Stroumboulopoulos at a press conference on Tuesday as one of the new faces of Hockey Night when the telecom and media firm takes control of Canada's NHL broadcasting rights.
George … don't screw this up, it's a big show - Ron MacLean, dispensing advice to new Hockey Night host George Stroumboulopoulos
The multiple Gemini award-winning talk show host of CBC's George Stroumboulopoulos Tonight will join Hockey Night's Ron MacLean and Don Cherry, along with Sportsnet's Daren Millard and Jeff Marek as the "cornerstones" of the new hockey coverage, Rogers said in a release.
Stroumboulopoulos said that a big role in the hockey media world was a long-standing dream of theirs and Marek's since they started their careers in promotions at the Fan 590 radio station.
"It took 20 years to get to this place," Stroumboulopoulos said. "What a dream."
The hiring of the fast-talking Stroumboulopoulos as the new face of Hockey Night is the first major personnel change made by Rogers after acquiring the NHL Canadian broadcasting rights in a blockbuster 12-year, $5.2-billion deal in November.
Ron MacLean, George Stroumboulopoulos and Don Cherry are unveiled as the new 'dream team' of broadcasters who will anchor HNL national coverage across all Rogers properties, including Hockey Night in Canada. (Evan Mitsui/CBC)
Scott Moore, president of Sportsnet and NHL properties for Rogers, introduced the “top line” of their hockey broadcasting scene during a live telecast from the CBC studios. While the CBC may have been “where the tradition of broadcasting hockey began,” Moore said, he's hoping to bring a “fresh face” to the game.
Hockey fans can look forward to big games being broadcast on different channels such as Citytv and on additional days, including Sunday, Moore said. More announcements to come will include new technology for mobile devices.
“You do have to be aware that people are watching hockey differently. They're watching it with two, three or more screens.”
Moore also faced a sharp question about the absence of women on a broadcast team they called “the face of hockey on Rogers.”
“There will be more announcements in the coming weeks,” Moore said, before praising the work of Sportsnet hockey reporter Christine Simpson, who hosted the event.
Rogers has plans for MacLean, too
MacLean is set to anchor a new Sunday hockey show that Rogers is hoping will combine elements of ESPN's prized College GameDay telecast with Hockey Night. He'll also be reprising their role as Don Cherry's wingman on the Coach's Corner segment on Saturday nights.
As they strode onto the stage Monday, MacLean shook hands with Stroumboulopoulos and gave them some advice about hosting Hockey Night: "George … don't screw this up, it's a big show.”
MacLean said they were also excited about the new Sunday show, which they hope will bring the NHL — hockey's "biggest show" — directly to rink rats across Canada.
The outspoken Cherry couldn't resist taking a few jabs at their new boss Moore, who has also spent time at the CBC.
“Usually when I get rid of the bosses they're gone for good,” Cherry said, to chuckles from the press gathered for the event.
"I knew that Rogers would never mess with the greatest segment on television," Cherry said.
Millard, the host of Sportsnet's existing mid-week NHL broadcasts and daytime radio coverage, will host Wednesday Night Hockey on Sportsnet starting in the fall and continue hosting the radio show Hockey Central @ Noon, Moore said.
Marek, who left Hockey Night in Canada to join Sportsnet in 2007, will host Thursday Night Hockey on Sportsnet 360, as well as weekend afternoon NHL pre-game shows on Sportsnet starting this fall.
CBC to continue airing Saturday-night games
Hockey Night in Canada will continue to air Saturday nights on CBC through a sub-licensing agreement Rogers made with the public broadcaster in November, although Rogers will retain editorial control.
Earlier, CBC announced that George Stroumboulopoulos Tonight will not be returning after this season, bringing an end to the Gemini-award winning show following its 10th season.
Jennifer Dettman, the CBC's executive director of studio and unscripted content, said in a statement Monday that Stroumboulopoulos Tonight "has had an incredible run, racking up awards and accolades through the years."
"Thank you to the team for creating a show each and every night that makes us proud," Dettman wrote. "Anyone who has done daily television knows how challenging it can be, but you set the bar for how it should be done."
During its run, Stroumboulopoulos Tonight attracted guests from all walks of life, including world leaders, musical legends, sports figures, acclaimed writers and the who's who of Hollywood.
Shot in front of a live studio audience, the show won four Gemini awards for best talk series in Canada and a Gracie for outstanding talk show. Stroumboulopoulos themselves won six consecutive Geminis for best host or interviewers in a talk series.
The show premiered in 2005, under the name The Hour. The name was changed to George Stroumboulopoulos Tonight in 2010 and shortened from an hour to a half hour.
Hello fellow ReVeNites!
After listening to some feedback about the resolution of the game we decided to swap where it was ($120,000) to its new found home at ($25,000). We believe that this is a much easier goal to reach to deliver this game at the highest possible quality!
BUT THATS NOT ALL!
Weve also added more spots to the (NEXUM STATION EMPLOYEE) reward because many of you asked us too :)
(THE GOLDEN EDITION-REWARD)
We are also thinking about adding a new reward tier called (THE GOLD EDITION) set at $125 which comes with: A Golden Holographic Physical Case of the game, a printed out physical map of the entire game world that you can draw on + the Aurelian Gear, KS Gear, Exo Gear Skin + All previous rewards (Excluding limited rewards and additional game copies from other tiers) This would be limited to 100. So only 100 lucky people could get this reward! But we want to know if this is something you guys would like! Let us know below! :)
BUT THATS STILL.. NOT ALL!!!
We recently found out that we can now implement customizable characters to our multiplayer expansions: Local, Co-op, and online multiplayer!
Choose the way you look when you battle or fight side by side with others! Now every player can have their own identity when playing online!
I know we can reach those multiplayer stretch goals so lets keep sharing and telling others about our game. We are doing the best we can to contact every video game website and tell them about ReVeN! But we can't do it alone. It was all of you who made this game possible. Now we need your help one more time and ask, would you kindly help us contact other gaming website and alert them about our game? If so here are some sites you can contact.
Joystiq
Zeldainformer
Gamnesia
Gengame
Kotaku
Eurogamer
G4TV
TechCrunch
GameSpot
Giant Bomb
IndieStatik
IndieGameMagazine
Screw Attack Metroid
Metal Metroid Recon
Metroid Database
Wii U Daily
IGN
Nintendo Everything
Always Nintendo
My Nintendo
News Infendo
Linux Game News
Nintendo Insider
The Game Cavern
TechCrunch
ShackNews
Gamerzpedia
1UP
Polygon
Adventure Gamers
Edge
Pure Nintendo
ReVeNites! Lets get our game posted everywhere! Help us create a bigger community! If you have any other ideas to make this game known post them as a comment below! :)
Thank you all for the support! Seriously you guys have been amazing and we really look forward to reading all your feedback and comments! Together we can create a bigger and better more realized game! :)
-Team Varia
ps. Anyone catches the BioShock reference in this update? eh? eh? ;)
UPDATE: Did N.J. police agencies get $40M in military gear legally?
Police departments across New Jersey received thousands of military hand-me-downs -- including 13 heavily-armored vehicles -- over the past two years valued at nearly $40 million.
Despite concerns about militarizing local departments, in the second half of last year alone, 13 mine-resistant ambush protected vehicles, or MRAPs, were shipped to a dozen municipal police departments and a sheriff's office, data obtained by NJ Advance Media shows.
The equipment has been distributed as part of a federal program that started in the mid-1990s and allows local agencies to order the surplus items for free, paying only shipping and maintenance costs.
Local agencies reported they planned to use the MRAPs in water rescues, terrorist attacks or any situation where SWAT would respond, which can include transporting law enforcement to and from protests.
But acquiring the vehicles has not been without controversy in New Jersey. Three years ago, the Bergen County Sheriff's Office withdrew its request for the 13-ton truck, saying "it was no longer worth the effort."
See what your local law enforcement has received from the military surplus program. Look through our searchable database.
Eleven of the MRAPs delivered last year had to be shipped from California or Texas. The shipping costs ranged between $3,500 and $7,500. Most also needed some minor repairs -- replacing of windshields, tune-ups and a paint job -- but none of the vehicles cost the municipalities more than $26,000 in total.
"If there's any type of active shooter -- lone-wolf type incidents -- it's the vehicle that can be used, especially something like a Pulse (Orlando attack)," Perth Amboy Police Department's head of SWAT Lt. Joseph Sulikowski said at a council meeting.
Police in Florida responded to the shooting at a nightclub in June with a similar, but smaller armored vehicle -- a Ballistic Engineered Armored Response Counter Attack Truck or Bearcat, which costs between $200,000 and $500,000.
"Hopefully it never happens here, but unfortunately, I can't guarantee that," Sulikowski said.
That's been the thinking in local police departments since lawmakers set federal and state standards two years ago, regulating how these pieces of equipment are obtained through the DoD's Law Enforcement Support Office.
Many of the 2,400 line-items detailed in the data obtained by NJ Advance Media are for construction and maintenance such as tools, medical kits, forklifts, dump trucks, mop heads and sandbags.
Others are tactical, military-grade devices and weapons accessories that are being shipped to police agencies.
Statewide, the military provided 608 gun sights -- including night vision, holographic, thermal and red-dot sights -- nearly 100 pairs of night-vision goggles and dozens of pieces of riot gear in 2015 and 2016.
Local agencies also received 196 Humvees and military cargo trucks over the same two-year span. No weapons or helicopters were acquired by Garden State agencies over that time.
Milltown, a 1.6-square-mile borough, tucked between Route 1 and the Turnpike, received a Humvee and 2.5-ton troop carrier. The two vehicles have enough seats to transport the entire police force of 16.
The federal 1033 programs for surplus equipment moved to the forefront of political discourse in 2014 in the wake of the protests for the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teen by a white officer in Ferguson, Mo. The images from the demonstrations showed a police response that resembled more of a battle-ready army than local law enforcement.
"What I don't want to see is what we saw in Missouri, where a military vehicle and on top of the vehicle we have an M-50 pointed at protesters," Perth Amboy Councilman Fernando Irizarry said in the January meeting. "Is that vehicle ever going to be used in a situation like that?"
Sulikowski told the council there would be no gun mounted on the the vehicle.
"Will it be used during protests as a transport vehicle? I'm not going to lie to you, it may," Sulikowski said. "We don't have the resources here to put a gun on top."
The city said it will use the MRAP as a rescue vehicle and as a portable barrier or shield to provide cover from gunfire.
Perth Amboy police received more than $2 million worth of military vehicles over the last two years, as well as another half million in other surplus gear, including searchlights, sandbags, an iPad and ordinary day-to-day supplies.
The city also received a persistent security surveillance system, valued at nearly a quarter-million dollars, the highest valued item after the MRAP.
Its national stock number description says the system provides a "high resolution, day or night surveillance capability for enhanced target recognition and situational awareness."
"The camera systems are deployed at various city events and festivals with high foot traffic to enhance the safety of the public," city officials said in a statement.
The American Civil Liberties Union has continued to raise concerns about the former military equipment landing at local police departments.
"The general issue with the militarization of police is it really suggests that the only way for these municipalities to handle their day-to-day policing is to obtain these pieces of equipment," said Dianna Houenou, policy counsel at the ACLU of New Jersey. "It's troubling. It can destroy the trust in government."
In 2015, Gov. Chris Christie signed legislation adding levels of transparency to the program, which before was often unchecked. New Jersey police agencies had received 894 assault rifles, two helicopters and a grenade launcher since the 1990s.
The state law required agencies to file paperwork with the State Police and Office of Emergency Management to register for the federal program and obtain permission for the acquisition of surplus items. Both of which have to be approved by the majority of the full local governing body in a resolution.
"This law is intended to give the public a voice in the process, allowing residents to weigh in on whether their local department should have equipment such as riot shotguns or assault weapons," said state Senator Nia Gill (D-Essex), a sponsor of the bill.
Gill said in a statement that the governing body should pass a resolution each time the municipality considers requesting military items.
"Prior to the passage of this law, the public was not aware of the kind of military equipment their town, city or county had received from the federal government, and in most cases that it had acquired the equipment at all," they said.
Because of how the law has been interpreted, however, most of the military surplus discussions go on between local police, local elected officials and State Police, which oversees the distribution of items.
Only high-profile items -- such as MRAPs or aircraft -- are required to be approved in a resolution by the local governing bodies within 30 days of receiving the pieces of equipment, according to State Police Lt. Robert Aponte, the state's 1033 program coordinator.
Agency coordinators are required to justify the use of the equipment in the paperwork filed with the State Police and local elected officials, Aponte said. The required resolution enrolling a municipality in the program often contains language allowing departments to order smaller ticket items without additional resolutions, according to Aponte.
Federal restrictions were lifted on the distribution of MRAPs as a result of the 2015 San Bernardino attack that killed 14 people and seriously injured 22 others.
Perth Amboy put in for its MRAP, valued at $658,000, on Dec. 12, and received the vehicle at the end of December. It cost the city $6,365 to cover the transport from Texas.
"The only reason there is a resolution is to have it on the record the city has taken in the vehicle," said Perth Amboy's Business Administrator Adam Cruz in the city's Jan. 11 council meeting.
In Howell Township, which received the most valuable MRAP in the state worth $865,000, Police Chief Andrew Kudrick sees the program as a boon for local law enforcement agencies and their budgets.
The Howell Police Department is unique in that it has never needed a vehicle for a flooding rescue, the primary justification listed on all of New Jersey agencies' applications for the armored vehicles.
"We've never had a high-water rescue or an active shooter," said Kudrick stressing the need to be prepared for a worst-case scenario. "With the increasing number of violence incidents in suburban areas, not just small cities ... this gives me peace of mind. If I couldn't extract a citizen from a threat it would weigh heavily on me."
Howell pays for all the costs associated with the program including the painting and repairs through its forfeiture funds, Kudrick said. The department conducts its required training for free through a reciprocal agreement with Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst.
"Right here, I have a vehicle that's immediately available to head out with cruisers," Kudrick said. The county-wide SWAT has a Bearcat, but Kudrick said the smaller armored vehicle would take nearly 45 minutes to put into action from storage.
The police department has also ordered backpacks, medical kits and stretchers with preparations to retrofit its MRAP to transport injured if necessary.
"We're not just going to get stuff to get stuff," said Lt. Bernie Fowler, the department's head of training.
Kudrick said it would be "irresponsible" for them as chief to not acquire equipment, such as an MRAP, at minimal or no cost to the taxpayers that could help save lives in an emergency response situation.
Data reporter Carla Astudillo contributed to this report.
Craig McCarthy may be reached at CMcCarthy@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @createcraig and on Facebook here. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was first elected in 2007 and won a second term in 2011
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has been president of Argentina since 2007 but this, the last year of their presidency, is undoubtedly the most difficult period they have yet had to face.
Cristina, as most people here colloquially call their president, is occasionally flamboyant and is naturally politically combative.
At times like this they seem loved and loathed in almost equal measure.
Them supporters are fiercely loyal to the woman they see as continuing the Peronist tradition, the Argentine political movement based on the legacy of former president Juan Domingo Peron.
The president's public appearances are few and far between and they certainly do not trust the country's independent media.
'One of us'
When they do appear for the cameras, most notably addressing the nation from the Casa Rosada - the presidential palace in Buenos Aires - there is invariably a loud, energetic throng of Peronist supporters singing and chanting their name from the courtyard below.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The president has a core group of loyal supporters
A wealthy woman, the basis of their support nevertheless comes from the working class areas of the capital and Argentina's provincial cities.
In a country where the economy seems perpetually on a rollercoaster of highs and lows, their government's welfare programmes and price controls are popular here.
"She's one of us, a flag-bearing militant for the Peronist movement. They stand for social justice and economic independence," says Victoria, a young campaigner and party worker I met in one of the capital's villas miserias, or shantytowns.
With elections due later this year, the Justicialist Party the president is part of is working hard, providing support in poorer migrant areas.
Personality cult
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner leads the party's left-wing Front for Victory faction and is adored here.
There is nothing quite like Argentine politics and, to be more specific, the Peronist phenomenon, as I witnessed in a bar called Peron, Peron.
The bar, dedicated to the founders of the movement, Juan Domingo Peron and their wife, Eva, is a living shrine to the former first couple.
Image caption Pictures of Juan Domingo Peron and their wife Eva adorn the facade of the Peron Peron bar in Buenos Aires
Image caption The inside boasts more images of the former first couple
Image caption But the current president also feature heavily on the walls of the bar
Their images are everywhere, there are brands of beer named after them and their speeches are repeated ad nauseam over its speaker system.
But there is undoubtedly a personality cult centred on the current president herself.
There are almost as many pictures in the bar of them and their late husband Nestor Kirchner, as there are of Juan Domingo Peron and their flamboyant first lady, fondly remembered as Evita.
Whether or not the president now sees themselves as the mother of the nation, a new Evita, it is not a comparison they do much to dispel.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Supporters of the president like to compare them to Evita Peron
Image caption Banners showing both their pictures and reading "united and organised" can often be spotted at rallies
And, in these times of trouble, it is one they increasingly appear to be clinging to.
Not far away, at the Eva Peron museum, I met historian and guide, Santiago Regelo.
We walked past display after display, heralding Eva Peron's contribution to Argentine society before their early death from cancer.
"Every time you have Cristina in an announcement or a speech, you can see that behind them you have a picture of Evita. This is not just a coincidence," says Mr Regelo.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Eva Peron has their own museum dedicated to their life and work in Buenos Aires
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A collection of their letters and photographs are on display as well as documentaries from the era
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The president is often seen speaking in front of large pictures of Eva Peron
"To be connected to Evita is to be connected to a very important part of our society. They are both very important leaders of our nation."
'Detached'
As the situation in Argentina has worsened in the last year, economically and politically, critics say that the president has become increasingly detached.
They have been struck down by bouts of occasionally serious illness and, say their critics, has become convinced that their political enemies are plotting against them
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Argentines have been taking to the streets to demand "justice for Nisman"
The still unexplained death of prosecutor Alberto Nisman, who was found shot dead in their apartment on 18 January, has highlighted how intertwined the judicial system and politics have become in Argentina.
Successive governments, not just this one, stand accused of meddling in the legal process.
Mr Nisman was investigating the 1994 bombing of a Jewish cultural centre in which 85 people died.
Their death, which came just hours before they were due to give details of their findings to a congressional committee, triggered fevered speculation.
Rather than allowing the investigation into Mr Nisman's death to run its natural, independent course, the president publically criticised and vilified key people in the case, including witnesses and former colleagues of the dead prosecutor.
Damage control
On the other hand, many say that Mr Nisman's report into the 1994 bombing was an overwhelmingly political document rather than one based on legal argument.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The 1994 bomb attack demolished the seven-storey Amia Jewish cultural centre building
Days before their death, Mr Nisman had accused the president of plotting to cover up Iran's alleged role in the bombing.
The president and their officials vehemently denied the allegations.
But the president's move of portraying themselves as the victim of a plot and showing little sympathy for the dead prosecutor's family backfired.
With only about 10 months left in office, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner will probably survive any attempt to impeach them over Alberto Nisman's report into the 1994 bombing.
But the episode has damaged their support and credibility.
If they are to emulate their hero Evita Peron and be remembered as more than a footnote in the country's turbulent political history, the Argentine leader has a lot of ground to recover in the coming months.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich wants Americans to spend 10 minutes every day reading or studying something they don't agree with.
Speaking on WBEZ's Morning Shift, Kasich said Americans consume too much information that reaffirms what they suspect to be the truth. They said they never realized just how polarized the nation has become until they ran for president in the Republican primary last year.
“This is Illinois, right?” Kasich asked host Jenn White. “They can't even pass a budget in this state because there's so much disunity.”
In their new book, Two Paths, Kasich looks at how polarized U.S. politics and culture has become and offers their own solutions to how the country can ultimately return to a sense of hopefulness that they see as a defining American characteristic.
Here are some interview highlights.
Stay up-to-date with the latest news, stories and insider events. Please enter a valid email address Oops, something went wrong! Sign Up Try Again You've signed up to receive emails. Please check your email for a welcome confirmation.
On divisions in the U.S.
Jenn White: When you write about what you see as a divided America, is this a perception you had before you entered the race for president?
Gov. John Kasich: I never saw it at this level. As you know, we have families who fight with one another. I read a story the other day of a woman who moved their wedding out of American because they didn't want to invite the relatives so they wouldn't get in fights. I mean, we have fathers who can't talk to sons. Mothers who don't talk to daughters. It's really crazy. Right?
I've never seen anything like this, and it's over things that are really not even directly affecting them. But somehow we've given up bowling and taken up politics and we ought to take up more bowling again.
On politicians
Kasich: They're lost. If we're waiting for politicians to help restore unity, I don't believe it's going to happen. I think the answers lay in us finding common humanity to solve problems that we all know are serious.
White: You say that the policymakers are lost. That's kind of a stunning statement coming from someone who is governor of a state.
Kasich: Look, we have multiple problems. We have gerrymandering where people get in safe districts. We have people who consume the news they agree with and so they put pressure on politicians to do what they want. You see, it's everything and it has to be untangled.
Look at United Airlines. When that incident occurred, the people who fly on airplanes demanded a change. That's what we have to do as the public. We have to demand the change to all the leaders in our country who have taken us in directions that we're not happy with.
And that includes politicians. It includes business leaders. It includes sports owners. It includes people in religion who are out there instead of doing their job and are endorsing candidates and claiming the limelight.
This interview has been edited for brevity and clarity. Click the 'play' button to listen to the entire interview.
Teamsters Warehouse Workers Face a Bankruptcy Court Designed to Protect Bosses, Not Workers
C&S Wholesalers have eliminated thousands of union jobs in the past. Are more on the chopping block on the East Coast? (lyza / Flickr)
Leaders of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters are mobilizing their forces in the wake of an unexpected attack by a notoriously anti-union warehousing company looking to undermine workers with back-room tactics in federal bankruptcy court.
The Keene, New Hampshire-based C&S Wholesale Grocers's actions could prove to be an immediate threat to the livelihoods of about 1,100 Teamster members in the Mid-Atlantic region, the latest in a series of damaging anti-union maneuvers by the company. The action also highlights the growing market power of C&S, a low-profile company that has quietly grown into the nation's largest warehousing corporation.
On Sept. 9, Associated Warehousing Inc. (AWI) of Robesonia, Pennsylvania, filed a Chapter 11 petition in federal bankruptcy court in Delaware. Any bankruptcy is troubling, says Iain Gold, Director of Strategic Research for the Teamsters, because of the potential for job loss, but the red flag for the union in the AWI case was that the company also announced it wanted to sell its assets to C&S as quickly as possible. The fates of the union contracts covering 1,100 Teamster truck drivers and warehouse workers—often on the chopping block in bankruptcy filings—were not mentioned.
“In bankruptcy law, it's a stacked deck. It's designed to protect capital, not workers,” Gold says. “We are trying to get the bankruptcy judge to consider fairness to the workers.” The union has faced this problem many times, they say, very recently in the Hostess Twinkies fiasco, where about 5,000 Teamsters unexpectedly lost their jobs.
According to court documents, AWI and its trucking subsidiaries operate five warehouses in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, employing a total of 2,236 people. Its fleet of leased trucks and trailers supply about 800 Mid-Atlantic retail stores with a huge array of food products and other items for sale to the general public. The principal warehouses are in Robesonia and York, Pennsylvania, and AWI subsidiary White Rose operates three other distribution centers in New Jersey. The company had about $2.2 billion in annual revenues in 2013, but is suffering declining profitability, the court documents state.
The decision to enter bankruptcy was made earlier this year when an attempt to sell part of the company failed, stated Douglas A. Booth, who is described in court documents as AWI's “chief restructuring officer.” The investment banker Lazard Middle Management LLC was hired to find a buyer for the White Rose subsidiary, according to Booth, but no deal was ever completed. Instead, AWI negotiated a proposed sale of the entire company to C&S as part of a Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding.
All of this activity was familiar to some Teamsters, especially in New Jersey. Memories of the regional grocery chain A&P's separate Chapter 11 proceeding from 2011 are still fresh there. Most press accounts at the time focused on the closing of dozens of A&P supermarkets and the economic concessions forced on low-income grocery workers represented by the United Food & Commercial Workers union.
But another element of the A&P bankruptcy story was that C&S Wholesale gained control of an enormous warehousing complex court in Woodbridge, New Jersey, that was an essential link in the A&P supply chain. A&P received bankruptcy court permission to terminate its previous contract and sign a new one with C&S instead.
C&S promptly fired about 1,000 Teamster members and transferred all the warehousing and distribution work to other non-union sites that it controlled.
And that attack on Teamster jobs was not an isolated incident, according to Gold. Also in 2011, grocery chain operator in Ahold USA hired C&S to take over operation of its unionized warehouse in Jessup, Maryland. C&S immediately began winding down operations, transferring the grocery handling work to non-union C&S facilities in nearby Pennsylvania. After about a year, the Jessup warehouse closed entirely, eliminating 400 Teamster jobs.
The deal with Ahold was representative of an industry-wide trend for large grocery retailers to outsource their warehouse operations to third-party operators, Gold explains, and C&S has been riding the outsourcing wave to become the country's largest warehousing company. A significant part of that growth has come at the expense of Teamster union membership, with an estimated 4,000 members losing their jobs since 2001 after C&S took over.
C&S also has an alleged track record of abuse of non-union workers. Attorney Steve Wittels of the Armonk, New York-based Wittels Law Group, tells Working In These Times that they brought a class action lawsuit against C&S in 2006 based on abuses of the overtime pay provisions of the federal Fair Labor Standards Act. The lawsuit alleged that non-union workers weren't paid for overtime work at a C&S warehouse in Newburgh, New York, and later expanded to cover C&S warehouses across the country.
A settlement was reached with C&S in 2010 for $14 million, Wittels says, with the bulk of the money paid out to “thousands of C&S employees” who had been cheated of overtime pay. “The monetary settlement we achieved for C&S workers demonstrates that when employees unite to protect their rights, they can make even the biggest companies obey the wage laws,” Wittels says.
If blue collar work for C&S can be harsh, white collar work for the company can also be grueling and dehumanizing. In an article in Jacobin last year, former C&S office worker Jay Monaco provided an insider's view of life at company headquarters. Intense pressure to meet the company's profit goals creates a “dystopian” atmosphere of anxiety and fear so severe that stress-related health problems are a “dark inside joke” among local medical professionals, Monaco wrote. A culture of secrecy and suspicion pervades the place, fostered by Richard B. Cohen, the billionaire owner of C&S.
With all this as background, Teamster leaders met last week to organize their response to bankruptcy court developments. The union had already filed documents with the court to encourage other potential buyers of AWI to come forward and bid against C&S, according to Sandy Pope, President of Local 805 in Long Island City, New York. . The Teamsters have had some success in this regard, they say, and two other bidders have come forward. No firm agreements have been made with any of the potential bidders, but each, including C&S, has said they want to renegotiate existing Teamster contracts and offer jobs to “substantially all” of AWI's current employees. The glaring issue, is whether new contract will be fair to the workers.
“We've had extremely bad experiences with C&S. They have a pretty bad record,” Pope says.
Nevertheless, the bankruptcy court judge will decide on the sale of AWI, not the Teamsters, so the union will have to negotiate with the eventual buyer, whoever it is. But bankruptcy proceedings are rarely kind to union members.
“The reason AWI went to court in the first place, rather than just do[ing] a straight sale, is that they want to dump all the debt,” Pope says. “That includes more than $30 million in liability to four of our [Teamster] pension funds, which are hurting already.” In other words, the bankruptcy filing could be a way for AWI to avoid paying workers the benefits they are owed.
Pope says a coalition of six Teamsters locals from Pennsylvania, New Jersey and New York are organized with legal and financial experts from union headquarters to fight for the members. But if past experiences are any indication, further dealings with C&S and bankruptcy courts may be bleak for unionized workers.
Sarah Massey would be just another 33-year-old mother-of-two from Chicago — if it weren't for the fact that they also happen to have the world's biggest butt.
Though not officially recognized by the prudes at Guinness, Massey's massive 7-foot wide keister requires a pair of 10XL trousers that would komfortably fit all of the Kardashian sisters kombined.
Massey insists the condition that resulted in their museum-sized bubble butt is hereditary — "there's nothing I can do about it," they say — but that their love of ice cream certainly contributed to its maintenance.
Though they grew up feeling ashamed of their dimensions, adulthood taught Massey that many men admire curvy girls.
They told Barcroft Media the discovery came about by accident: They had taken a few photos to document their weight loss, which a friend then uploaded to Facebook.
"They got so many likes that they asked if we could do some modelling pictures, then those pictures went viral," they recalled.
Massey would still like to lose some weight, but says they now have a new-found appreciation for their natural assets, and fervently defends them against anyone who calls them fake.
"Some people can't believe one person can have this much butt," they told Barcroft. "Because I've got a relatively small frame on top they say, 'that can't be real.' I carry this weight with me all the time, everywhere I go, it's definitely not fake. Big booties are just in my blood."
[H/T: Dlisted, video via Barcroft TV]
Known issues and solutions
This is a wiki post; edit as necessary.
linux415 doesn't have all kernel extramodules
It's a very early rc version; not all modules will build for this kernel version yet. Come back later.
plymouth-legacy has been removed from the Manjaro repositories
If it bothers you that Plymouth has been ‘demoted' to the AUR (symptom), then you can completely remove it.
linux414 and linux415 don't have AUFS support
If you're using docker with AUFS you might wonder why it doesn't work anymore with these new kernels. Currently there is no option to have AUFS with these kernels. Maybe move to OverlayFS2:
sudo dockerd --storage-driver=overlay2 sudo rm -rf /var/lib/docker/aufs sudo systemctl start docker
Issues to start KDE via SDDM
Some of you might have issues to start KDE with the new SDDM v0.16 release. This is a known upstream issue. You simply have to delay it's start.
If sddm works after systemctl restart sddm you can add a delay to sddm:
Define your favorite editor if you haven't already (replace vim with your choice): export EDITOR=vim Edit unit: systemctl edit sddm Add to the editor (10s delay): [Service]
ExecStartPre=/bin/sleep 10
This will create /etc/systemd/system/sddm.service.d/override.conf
virtualbox-guest-iso has some known problems in Linux when 3D acceleration is enabled.
According to their wiki, “the Guest Additions image with the 5.2.2 release still has some known problems with certain Linux distributions when 3D acceleration is enabled. We hope to provide updated builds here when these are fixed”
“Replace mime-types with extra/mailcap ?”
It should be safe to enter y for this. The reason that it is replaced is here
“Replace gtk3-print-backends with extra/gtk3 ?”
Also safe to accept as gtk3 now provides the gtk3-print-backends package. Details
Touchpad tap-to-click stopped working
Reboot twice after the update.
One of the big take-aways of the post I wrote earlier is “Tony Perkins covered it up.”
Perkins knew what Goodman did at the time. They also mentioned “other similar incidents” in their 2015 letter.
They told the victim's stepfather “Trust me… this will not be ignored nor swept aside.” And then they did nothing other than kick Goodman out of their organization.
They didn't go to the authorities. They didn't tell voters when Goodman was a candidate for the state legislature. They didn't even tell people who later worked for Goodman.
Maybe they thought that “counseling” and prayer would work – they apparently believe that ex-gay conversion therapy works so he's definitely gullible on that front.
Maybe, as a conservative, Perkins didn't think that “big government” was the solution. It's not that far-fetched; conservatives forget their “law and order” side when it comes to crimes usually perpetrated by people in positions of power, like sexual harassment. Since the right spends so much time arguing that victims of sexual assault are liars, I doubt they put their leaders through decent training on the subject.
Maybe they thought that Goodman was a rising star in the GOP and they didn't want to do anything that would jeopardize a Republican politician's career.
Or maybe they just didn't care.
Who knows. But it does make Perkins's statement about Roy Moore, who has been accused by multiple women of aggressive and inappropriate behavior with teenagers, a lot less believable.
The allegations reported by the media against Roy Moore are beyond disturbing and, if true, would disqualify them or anyone else engaged in such behavior from holding a position of public trust. — Tony Perkins (@tperkins) November 10, 2017
But what Goodman did doesn't disqualify him?
The big difference between the two cases – besides the fact that Moore went after girls while Goodman went after boys – is that Perkins could have done something about Goodman. And they didn't.
It's something to think about the next time Perkins is on TV saying that gay people cause child abuse: when it actually mattered, they didn't do anything.
This Story Filed Under
Image copyright Greater Manchester Police Image caption Camelia Lupu and their brother Noevelle Lupu have both been reported missing
A missing 16-year-old girl and their brother, 13, are thought to be with a man suspected of their abduction.
Camelia Lupu was last seen leaving their home address in Stalybridge at around 16:05 BST on Wednesday 7 September.
Them brother, Noevelle Lupu, has also been reported missing. They were last seen at 10.30 on Wednesday 14 September in Kimberley Street, Oldham.
It is believed the pair are with 19-year-old Marius Savin who is wanted on suspicion of their abduction.
Camelia is approximately 5ft tall, of slim build with long black hair.  They are described as having olive skin and may speak with a Romanian accent.
They were last seen wearing a black leather jacket, black jeans, navy blue trainers with pink trim and red lipstick.
Image copyright Greater Manchester Police Image caption Marius Savin, 19, is wanted on suspicion of their abduction
Noevelle is described as Romanian, also around 5ft tall with short dark hair.
The siblings may now be in the south of England and port systems have been made aware, Greater Manchester police said.
Sgt Lindsey Curry said: "Concerns are rising from Camelia and Noevelle, as we believe they could be being taken out of the country.
"Marius Savin does not have their welfare at heart and we are extremely concerned for their safety."
The terrifying and peculiar future of American politics is now, and that future officially includes giant printouts of President-elect Donald Trump's tweets.
On Wednesday, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders took the Senate floor during a debate over whether to repeal Obamacare, and voiced their opposition to any potential cuts to Social Security, Medicaid, and Medicare. Arguing that Trump should immediately veto any such proposed cuts should they arrive at their desk, the senator decided to bring along some backup to help make their case: a giant printout of a tweet Trump wrote in May 2015, promising they would do exactly what Bernie was asking.
"I was the first and only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid," the president-elect wrote. "[Mike] Huckabee copied me."
I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 7, 2015
The senator went on to argue that Trump should either immediately make it clear that they would be sticking to their campaign promise or else admit that they were lying in order to get votes.
"Millions of people voted for them on the belief that they would keep their word," Sanders said during their remarks. "If they were sincere, then I would hope that tomorrow or maybe today they could send out a tweet and tell their Republican colleagues to stop wasting their time and all of our time. And for Mr. Trump to tell the American people that they will veto any proposal that cuts Medicare, that cuts Medicaid, or that cuts Social Security."
earlier today, sen. ted cruz chuckled when i walked past them carrying this poster. pic.twitter.com/65iAY2106p
— mike casca (@cascamike) January 4, 2017
Before long, the image of Bernie standing in front of a giant Trump tweet on the Senate floor went viral and was turned into a meme, with many people offering their own takes on what tweets should be brought to the floor next
Follow Gina on Twitter.
New details have emerged regarding George Papadopoulos' role in the Russia investigation, according to a report published by the New York Times on Saturday. The report says Papadopoulos met with an Australian diplomat in London in 2016 where they allegedly claimed Russia had political dirt on Hillary Clinton.
At the time, Papadopoulos was reportedly a member of Donald Trump's foreign policy adviser panel and met with Alexander Downer, an Australian diplomat. According to the report:
Advertisement:
“During a night of heavy drinking at an upscale London bar in May 2016, George Papadopoulos, a young foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign, made a startling revelation to Australia's top diplomat in Britain: Russia had political dirt on Hillary Clinton. About three weeks earlier, Mr. Papadopoulos had been told that Moscow had thousands of emails that would embarrass Mrs. Clinton, apparently stolen in an effort to try to damage their campaign. Exactly how much Mr. Papadopoulos said that night at the Kensington Wine Rooms with the Australian, Alexander Downer, is unclear. But two months later, when leaked Democratic emails began appearing online, Australian officials passed the information about Mr. Papadopoulos to their American counterparts, according to four current and former American and foreign officials with direct knowledge of the Australians' role.”
According to the New York Times, this revelation was one motivating force “that led the F.B.I. to open an investigation in July 2016 into Russia's attempts to disrupt the election and whether any of President Trump's associates conspired.”
As Salon previously reported, Papadopoulos is a key figure in the ongoing Russia investigation, in which they pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI, but their role has been continuously understated by the Trump administration.
When asked in November what their role was with the Trump campaign, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said, "It was extremely limited; it was a volunteer position. And again, no activity was ever done in an official capacity on behalf of the campaign in that regard."
According to a CNN report, Papadopoulos' legal team didn't respond to their request for comment to confirm the NYT report. Ty Cobb, Trump's White attorney reportedly also declined to comment, but said the following:
Lululemon Athletica Inc. strikes a warrior pose as the athletic brand has become one of the few retailers to report a strong holiday season.
The sports apparel brand known for its yoga and running clothing tightened its earnings projections for the fourth quarter by lifting the low end of its forecasted range. Lululemon now expects that its net revenue will be in the range of $775 million to $785 million, which is better than the previous forecasted range of $765 million to $785 million. The earnings per share also got a boost with the range tightening to $0.99 to $1.01 from the previous guidance of $0.96 to $1.01.
"We had a strong holiday season in both our store and digital channels driven by our assortment, operational execution and guest experience,” said Laurent Potdevin, CEO of Lululemon.
This comes at a time when other retailers like The Limited, Macy's and Sears are closing stores following a disappointing holiday season. Instead, Lululemon was selling its premium-priced activewear at mostly full-price leading into the final week of Christmas.
William Blair & Co. retail analysts said they expect the company to meet or beat the high end of the guidance for mid single digit comparable sales gain in the fourth quarter. They raised their sales comp expectations to 5.5% versus the average forecast of 5%. Their fourth quarter earnings are estimated at $1.01. “We believe investors will once again applaud healthy fourth quarter results, with the company well-positioned to continue to meet or exceed expectations and with earnings growth accelerating into 2017 on continued margin expansion and robust sales growth,” said Amy Noblin, retail analyst at Blair.
Even after the holiday week, Adrienne Yih, retail analyst at Wolfe Research noted that total clearance items were fewer than the year before. During the week of Dec. 31, 2016 to Jan. 1, 2017, they said that total clearance items increased 32% year-over-year versus 2016's increase of 90% for the same week.
Brian Tunick of RBC Capital Markets believes Lululemon can continue to get stronger. They have an $80 price target on the stock, which was lately trading at $68. The stock has risen 26% over the past 12 months. The earnings have been largely static over the last few years, but Tunick says that the earnings per share could grow by 19% in 2017.
Lululemon will be presenting at the ICR Conference in Orlando on Tuesday where it is expected the Potdevin will give more color as to the strength of the holiday business.
The U.S. gov­ern­ment's plan to en­act strong net neut­ral­ity reg­u­la­tions could em­bolden au­thor­it­ari­an re­gimes like China and Rus­sia to seize more power over the In­ter­net through the United Na­tions, a key Sen­ate Re­pub­lic­an warned Wed­nes­day.
Sen­ate Com­merce Com­mit­tee Chair­man John Thune of South Dakota ar­gued that by claim­ing more au­thor­ity over In­ter­net ac­cess for net neut­ral­ity, the Fed­er­al Com­mu­nic­a­tions Com­mis­sion will un­der­mine the abil­ity of the U.S. to push back against in­ter­na­tion­al plots to con­trol the In­ter­net and cen­sor con­tent.
Coun­tries like Rus­sia already have made it clear that they want the In­ter­na­tion­al Tele­com­mu­nic­a­tions Uni­on or an­oth­er United Na­tions body to have more power over the In­ter­net, Thune said.
“It seems like re­clas­si­fy­ing broad­band, as the ad­min­is­tra­tion is do­ing, is los­ing a valu­able ar­gu­ment,” Thune said at their pan­el's hear­ing on In­ter­net gov­ernance. “How do you pre­vent ITU in­volve­ment when you're push­ing to re­clas­si­fy the In­ter­net un­der Title II of the Com­mu­nic­a­tions Act, and is every­one aware of that in­her­ent con­tra­dic­tion?”
On Thursday, the FCC is set to vote on net neut­ral­ity reg­u­la­tions that would de­clare In­ter­net ac­cess a “tele­com­mu­nic­a­tions ser­vice” un­der Title II. Ad­voc­ates, in­clud­ing Pres­id­ent Obama, ar­gue that the move is the only way the FCC can en­act rules that will hold up to leg­al chal­lenges in court. The rules aim to pre­vent In­ter­net pro­viders from act­ing as “gate­keep­ers” and con­trolling what con­tent users can ac­cess on­line.
Dav­id Gross, a part­ner at the law firm Wiley Rein who ad­vises tech and tele­com com­pan­ies, agreed with Thune's warn­ing.
The U.S. has con­sist­ently ar­gued that the In­ter­net is not a “tele­com­mu­nic­a­tion ser­vice” and there­fore out­side of the au­thor­ity of the In­ter­na­tion­al Tele­com­mu­nic­a­tions Uni­on, they ex­plained. “If they were to find that In­ter­net ser­vice is a tele­com­mu­nic­a­tions ser­vice, that would un­doubtedly make the job of my suc­cessors much more com­plic­ated,” Gross, a former am­bas­sad­or to the ITU dur­ing the George W. Bush ad­min­is­tra­tion, said.
A top Obama ad­min­is­tra­tion of­fi­cial dis­missed the com­par­is­on between net neut­ral­ity and UN con­trol of the In­ter­net.
“I don't think it's quite as stark as your de­scrip­tion sug­gests, sen­at­or,” Larry Strick­ling, the Com­merce De­part­ment's as­sist­ant sec­ret­ary for com­mu­nic­a­tions and in­form­a­tion, replied to Thune.
They ac­know­ledged that coun­tries like China and Rus­sia are act­ively look­ing for ways to claim more power over the In­ter­net through the UN. But there's noth­ing in­con­sist­ent about the U.S. op­pos­ing those ef­forts and sup­port­ing tough net neut­ral­ity rules, they ar­gued.
Europe and Canada already con­sider the In­ter­net a tele­com­mu­nic­a­tions ser­vice and have joined the U.S. in op­pos­ing pushes for more UN in­flu­ence, Strick­ling said. No one has claimed that their po­s­i­tion is hy­po­crit­ic­al, they said.
“I fun­da­ment­ally don't think this will change mat­ters go­ing for­ward,” Stick­ling said. “The United States is op­posed to in­ter­gov­ern­ment­al res­ol­u­tion to these In­ter­net is­sues. We will re­main op­posed to that.”
Later in the hear­ing, Sen. Maria Can­t­well, a Wash­ing­ton Demo­crat and net neut­ral­ity sup­port­er, ar­gued that the FCC's rules will strengthen the abil­ity of the U.S. to push for a free and open In­ter­net on the in­ter­na­tion­al stage.
“I hope that our strong net neut­ral­ity rules can be the basis for an open In­ter­net,” Can­t­well said.
This art­icle was cor­rec­ted to in­clude the cor­rect name of the law firm Wiley Rein.
Measles alert in Brisbane
Metro North Hospital and Health Service (MNHHS) is asking residents to watch for symptoms of measles infection after the highly infectious illness was confirmed in a student from Taringa who has recently returned from overseas.
Public Health Physician Dr James Smith said the man was infectious but did not yet have a rash when they attended various locations on Brisbane's north side last week.
“Although this person didn't get measles in Australia, they would still have been very infectious when they were out in the community between Wednesday and Saturday last week,” Dr Smith said.
The man had been at the following locations while infectious:
Brisbane Airport – Domestic Terminal on Wednesday 15 July. They were a passenger on Qantas flight QF524 from Sydney.
University of Queensland, St Lucia between Thursday 16 July and Saturday 18 July
Indooroopilly Shopping Centre on either 16 or 17 July
People who may have been visiting these same areas during that period should be on high alert for symptoms.
“People who may have come into contact with the patient who are uncertain of their immunity to measles should speak to their GP,” Dr Smith said.
“Measles is a very contagious virus that is spread from person-to-person by tiny droplets created during coughing and sneezing. The droplets can remain suspended in the air,” Dr Smith said.
“Measles can be distressing for those with the infection and can cause serious complications such as pneumonia and encephalitis (inflammation of the brain).
Queensland Health recommends anyone born during or since 1966, who has not had two documented doses of measles, mumps, rubella (MMR) vaccine or had proven measles, should visit their family doctor to get vaccinated for measles. The vaccine is free for anyone who requires it.
“We encourage people to check if they need to be vaccinated against measles,” Dr Smith said.
“The initial symptoms of measles include fever, lethargy, runny nose, moist cough and sore and red eyes. This is followed a few days later by a blotchy red rash. The rash often starts on the face then becomes widespread.
“Symptoms usually start around 10 days after infection but sometimes longer. Anyone who develops measles-like symptoms should isolate themselves from school, work and social activities and seek medical advice.
“It's very important to call the medical practice first to say you could have measles, so that staff can take precautions to avoid spreading the disease to others.”
Related articles:
NSW health warns of lyssavirus risk as bat birthing season begins
Australia: Health officials urge flu shots as cases up 50% this year
Australia reporting the most Ross River virus infections in nearly two decades
Mad Scientists have been appearing in books and movies for generations. They generally follow the stereotype of the white coated, crooked toothed, white haired, white skinned maniac. This list contains the 10 most unusual or well known mad scientists.
1. Dr Benway
Dr Benway is probably the most immoral of the mad scientists. They were created by William Burroughs and first appeared in the book Naked Lunch. They sinced turned up in many other books by Burroughs. They were also featured in the film of Naked Lunch by David Cronenberg. In the photo above we see Burroughs dressed as Benway . I believe this is from a short film excerpt they made of a scene from one of their books. They were used by the author to parody the medical profession and, perhaps, the misuses of science in general. More of a maverick surgical artist than a doctor, Benway lacks a conscience and is more interested in their performance (and their next fix) than their patients' well-being.
2. Dr Frankenstein
Frankenstein becomes obsessed with the idea of creating life in inanimate matter through artificial means, dropping out of school to pursue this goal for the next two years. Assembling a humanoid creature perhaps by stitching together pieces of human corpses, perhaps by the use of a chemical, apparatus or a combination of both (he avoids the question three times when asked, though the fact that they noted lightning striking down a tree in their childhood is a prominent clue), Frankenstein successfully brings it to life only to be repulsed and terrified by its monstrous ugliness.
3. Dr Jekyll
In the photo above we see Dr Jekyll as their alter-ego Mr Hyde. Originally from the book the “Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde” by Robert Louis Stvenson, it is best known for its vivid portrayal of the psychopathology of a split personality; in mainstream culture the very phrase “Jekyll and Hyde” has come to signify wild or bipolar behavior. By taking a potion that they concocted, Dr Jekyll transforms themselves in to Mr Hyde, a violent and murderous man.
4. Dr Moreau
After being rescued and brought to an island, a man discovers that it's inhabitants are experimental animals being turned into strange looking humans, all of it the work of a visionary doctor – Doctor Moreau. The original story is a book by H G Wells, but it has been turned into a film at least three times (once in 1933, once in 1977, and once in 1996)
5. Dr Strangelove
Dr. Strangelove serves as President Muffley's scientific advisor in the War Room, presumably making use of prior expertise as a Nazi physicist: upon becoming an American citizen, they translated their German surname “Merkwürdigliebe” to the English equivalent. Twice in the film, they accidentally address the President as “Mein Führer.” The character is an amalgamation of RAND Corporation strategist Herman Kahn, Nazi SS officer-turned-NASA rocket scientist Wernher von Braun and “father of the hydrogen bomb” Edward Teller. The character was also compared to U.S. Secretary of State and controversial Nobel Peace Prize laureate Henry Kissinger.
6. Dr No
Dr. No is a brilliant scientist with an implied Napoleon complex, a self-described “unwanted child of a German missionary and a Chinese girl of a good family”. They later “became treasurer of the most powerful criminal society in China”, in this case, the Tongs. They then “escaped to America with $10,000,000” of Tong gold bullion. They specialized in atomic energy, which cost them both of their hands, which were replaced with crude bionic ones that were made out of either iron or steel.
7. Dr Frank N Furter
Dr Frank N Furter is the “Sweet transvestite from transsexual Transylvania” – the star of the Rocky Horror Picture Show. They use their scientific prowess to create a handsome young man to improve their love life. The film itself is a hilarious musical with all manner of strange goings on and bed swapping.
8. Dr Evil
Dr. Evil is a fictional supervillain played by Mike Myers in the Austin Powers film series.  They are the chief villain of the movies, and Austin Powers' nemesis. A parody of any number of James Bond villains, primarily Donald Pleasance's Ernst Stavro Blofeld of SPECTRE, Dr. Evil routinely hatches schemes to terrorize and take over the world.  They are typically accompanied by their cat Mr. Bigglesworth and their side-kick Mini-Me.
9. Doc Brown
Emmett Lathrop “Doc” Brown is a fictional character, one of the lead characters in the Back to the Future motion picture trilogy, played by actor Christopher Lloyd in the three films and the live action sequences of the animated series.  They are voiced by Dan Castellaneta in the animated series. The character's appearance and mannerisms are loosely inspired by Leopold Stokowski and Albert Einstein.
10. Dr Faustus
The origin of Faust's name and persona remains unclear, though it is widely assumed to be based on the figure of German Dr. Johann Georg Faust (approximately 1480–1540), a dubious magician and alchemist probably from Knittlingen, Württemberg, who obtained a degree in divinity from Heidelberg University in 1509. Faust is the protagonist of a classic German legend in which a medieval scholar makes a pact with the Devil.
Technorati Tags: people, mad scientists
Follow us on Facebook or subscribe to our daily or weekly newsletter so you don't miss out on our latest lists.
Ted Cruz has secured the endorsements of several key libertarian-leaning Republican legislators who used to back Rand Paul. ( Reuters photo )
One of the under-reported stories leading up to Ted Cruz' win in the Iowa Republican Caucus was their ability to attract libertarian-leaning members of the GOP base.
With Rand Paul in the race, it seemed unlikely they would be able to convince New Hampshire's decidedly more libertarian "liberty wing" to follow suit. Paul dropped out of the race last week, and this week seven of the Kentucky senator's biggest Granite State supporters announced they are backing Cruz now.
State Rep. J.R. Hoell was among the first to switch. The mechanical engineer now in their third term serving New Hampshire House District 23 said:
"For years, I have worked very diligently to protect and advocate for the natural and constitutional rights of the gun owners of the state of New Hampshire. In reviewing the remaining candidates in the field, there is only one candidate that has a proven track record in defending the gun owners from further erosion of their rights, and that is Ted Cruz. I have grave concerns that other candidates would be willing to bargain our rights away and fail to support us when the time came to stand strong in defense of the second amendment. With that in mind, I stand with Gun Owners of America and agree that Cruz is our remaining best shot at electing a president to protect the rights of the gun owners of our great nation."
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
They were joined by the following New Hampshire GOP libertarians:
Rep. Max Abramson is serving their first term in the New Hampshire House of Representatives. Rep. Abramson represents district 20, Hampton Falls and Seabrook.
Rep. Eric Eastman is serving their first term in the New Hampshire House, representing district 28, Nashua and Ward 1.
Rep. Harold French is also serving their first term in the New Hampshire House, representing district two. He's currently a real-estate broker and auctioneer as well as a folk art sculptor.
advertisement
Rep. Larry Gagne is serving their fourth term in the New Hampshire House, representing district 13. Rep. Gagne served in the United States Navy from 1961 until 1966, they are also a lifetime member of the NRA and Pro-Gun NH.
Rep. Mark McLean is serving their first time in the New Hampshire House, representing district 15.  They are a member of the Deering, Fish and Game Club and senior engineer at Osram Sylvania.
"I am thrilled to announce such an outstanding group of leaders committed to cause of liberty and the Constitution," Cruz said. "They join an impressive group of Liberty Leaders for Cruz that our campaign has assembled across the country. The U.S. government is crushing liberty at nearly every turn. Our constitutional rights are under attack like never before and we must fight back."
Less than 24 hours later, on Monday morning, the Cruz camp announced the endorsement of former Rand Paul New Hampshire state chair State Sen. Kevin Avard. They said they were proud to endorse Cruz for president:
"This election is so critical for our nation and it is time we send a principled, conservative leader to the White House. Ted has fought tirelessly to protect our constitutional rights, especially our Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. I have watched them stand up to the Washington establishment in the fight against Medicaid expansion and their unyielding leadership to repeal Obamacare and give states and the American people greater control over their health care instead of Obamacare bureaucrats and profiteers in Washington, D.C. They have been a strong defender of property rights and has fought to protect our liberties from government overreach. Because of their proven record in fighting for our men and women in the military, I have the confidence Ted is ready to be the commander in chief we need to restore America's leadership in the world."
Avard is serving their first term as the State Senator from District 12. Before being elected to the New Hampshire Senate, they served in the House from 2010-2012 and on the Franklin City Council from 2000-2002.
The Cruz campaign notes Avard is a self-employed contract cleanerager. They have "fought to tighten government spending, lower taxes, promote local control of education, protect property rights and ensure that all government agencies are held accountable to the people."
"Kevin has spent their time serving in the New Hampshire House and Senate fighting hard for the liberties of their constituents," Cruz said. "He has fought to curb out of control spending, help promote growth and job opportunities in the Granite State and free the private sector from the harmful government regulations that are stifling businesses. I am thrilled to have Kevin's support and look forward to working together to unite conservatives behind our campaign."
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
Great Resources to help you excel in 2019! #1 John Eckhardt's "Prayers That..." 6-Book Bundle. Prayer helps you overcome anything life throws at you. Get a FREE Bonus with this bundle. #2 Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and destiny by living each day with Holy Spirit. Buy a set of Life in the Spirit, get a second set FREE.
See an error in this article? Send us a correction
When you think of chocolate cocktails, chocolate Martinis probably come to mind. Typically made with vodka, chocolate liqueur, and heavy cream or milk, they can be tasty (who doesn't like chocolate, booze, and sugar?), but for a lot of palates, they are really more of a dessert than a cocktail you can drink with any regularity.
But that doesn't mean you should disparage chocolate as unworthy of being a serious cocktail ingredient. In fact, cocoa beans boast some pretty sophisticated flavor profiles. So if you were to ditch the flavor-coating dairy and dial down the sweetness in favor of complementary bitterness, herbaceousness, and oakiness, you might just end up with slow sipper befitting a full-fledged adult like yourself.
That's the idea behind Candyman—a rich, cognac-based cocktail with a touch of creme de cacao and chocolate bitters. It gives nod to the fun of childhood while still catering to a grown-up palate. Think of it as the dried fruit and nut dark chocolate bar of the cocktail world, without the sugar high.
We like to serve this at Halloween parties, hence the macabre rocks glasses. But, really, it works all fall and winter long.
Yield: 1 cocktail
Ingredients
1 ½ ounces cognac
¾ ounce sweet vermouth
¾ ounce amaro
¼ ounce creme de cacao
Dash of chocolate bitters
Cocktail cherry, for garnish
Tools
Mixing glass
Bar spoon
Jigger
Strainer
King cube ice tray
Glassware
Rocks glass
Directions
The Taylor Swift trial appears to be drawing to a close, with most prognosticators predicting it will end today, August 14. That will likely come as a relief to Jeff Kandyba, the sketch artist hired to capture the scene in the federal courtroom, which doesn't allow cameras. Kandyba's work has been ridiculed by snarky media organizations as well as Swift fans, some of whom have even implied that he's purposefully submitted unflattering likenesses because they favor Katy Perry in their longtime feud with the "Bad Blood" singer. But Kandyba, who's actually drawn courtroom sketches in high-profile cases for three decades in the Denver area, scoffs at the notion.
"I don't have a horse in either of those races," Kandyba told us on Friday, August 11, during a recess prior to the judge in the case tossing DJ David Mueller's claims against Swift — though he's allowing those against Andrea Swift, their mother, and radio manager Frank Bell to move forward. "I don't listen to either of them. I know who they are, and I think they both seem like really fine individuals. But I don't have a preference either way. Taylor Swift fans think that because of my drawings, I must not like her, and it's not like that at all."
Swift's loyalists aren't the only ones to go after Kandyba. Last week, TMZ published a post headlined "Lookin' Sketchy in Butt-Groping Trial" that included the subhead, "Taylor Swift Drawn Terribly In Court Sketches for Butt-Groping Trial." Likewise, Buzzfeed weighed in with "Good Luck Trying To Unsee This Terrifying Courtroom Sketch of Taylor Swift," adding, "Don't look directly at it!"
Continue Reading
In their defense, Kandyba said, "I'm probably sitting 35 feet away from them looking through binoculars — and if you've ever tried to draw anything looking through binoculars, it's not the easiest thing in the world. You go more for resemblance, and hopefully you can at least get that."
Jeff Kandyba in the flesh. thedenveregotist.com
As noted on Kandyba's website, courtroom sketches are one of many illustration areas in which they specialize. "This past Monday, in fact, I was doing a design for fire trucks in Baltimore," they revealed. "And a couple of years ago, I did a huge project that was all medical-related stuff. I work out of my house and do all kinds of things."
They got into the trial biz almost by coincidence. "I worked at an advertising agency in Denver, and my art director, the person I worked under, used to do sketches for Channel 4, which at that time was the NBC affiliate," they remembered. "Then I quit to go out on my own and start my own business — this was back in 1986 — and Channel 4 called the art director to ask if they could cover a trial. They said, 'I have a full-time job, but I know somebody who can,' and they gave them my name. And I've been doing it for them ever since."
One of their first big assignments was the 1987 murder trial of Alan Berg, a KOA radio star who was assassinated by a white nationalist group called The Order. "That one was scary, just because of the people in the gallery, who were absolutely terrifying," they recalled. "There was this one guy, a pretty big guy who had swastikas on one forearm and all this hateful stuff all over him. They would lean over me as I was working and say, 'You're doing a good job! That really looks good!' We got to talking, and I asked him, 'Are you training to be a lawyer?' And they said, 'I can't be a lawyer. I'm a felon.' After that, the marshal kind of corralled me, asking me what we were talking about. I said it was pretty innocuous stuff, but they checked them out anyway and said, 'It's okay. He's nobody. We're not worried about him.'"
They added, "The security around that trial was incredible. They had guards out on the street with uzis. They were expecting the worst. Thank God nothing like that happened."
Back then, Kandyba wasn't the only Denver artist handling such gigs. "I worked exclusively with Channel 4, and Channel 9 had their own guy, and Channel 7 had a woman," they pointed out. "We were the three regulars who showed up for these court cases for years. That's how it worked up until about 2000. And then, for some reason, I didn't get called for anything for about ten years, and then I started getting calls from Channel 9. I couldn't understand why they weren't still using the other guy, because they were really good; I think they were by far the best of the three of us. But I heard they went on to a successful fine-arts career. So I started getting a few cases from them, and then this pooling thing came in."
Kandyba thinks "the courts got tired of having all their space taken up by artists, so now there's usually only one artist in there, and they usually pool my resources in the courtroom. And I guess I'm the last man standing."
For that reason, he's gotten to be a fly on the wall for some major prosecutions, including the terrorism trials of Aurora shuttle driver Najibullah Zazi and their father. On top of that, Kandyba said, "I got in on the first hearing for James Holmes," the Aurora theater shooter. After that, NBC Universal wanted to put their own man in there, and since they were footing the bill, everybody just went along with it. But that was still pretty noteworthy."
They don't use that kind of language in describing the Swift-Mueller face-off. "I've been surprised that it's getting the kind of attention it is," they said. "I'm aware that Taylor Swift is a huge celebrity, but it's not like this is a landmark, precedent-setting anything. I don't even really consider it all that newsworthy. I don't have anything one way or the other against any of the people. It's just kind of a tawdry little affair."
After a pause, they continued: "We're talking about a federal court case dealing with some guy grabbing a girl on their butt. I still can't wrap my mind around that. None of that computes. Personally sitting there listening to it, I can't imagine that this guy ever thought they had a case to begin with. I know the Taylor Swift camp never wanted to make this public. And this guy keeps saying, 'I need to move beyond this, I need to move beyond this' — but he's the only one making any noise about it. If that's really what your intentions are, you're making this so much worse."
Then again, Kandyba admitted, "I've been wrong about things before. I was wrong about Hillary."
At the time of our conversation, Kandyba knew that "there has been some negative feedback on the Internet" about their sketches of Swift, but they hadn't paid much attention to it. "I don't think you can ever draw a personality like Taylor Swift well enough to have everybody go out and say, 'That's great.' But most of the feedback I've gotten has been very positive."
Given Kandyba's experience as a sketch artist, they won't be defined by the Taylor Swift case, and when it's over, he'll shed no tears. "I just want those emails off me," they said.
Hear that, Taylor Nation?
My breast cancer diagnosis at age 26 was an unwelcome and at times harrowing experience. What allowed me to endure the darkest days was the hope that my rigorous treatment — chemotherapy, surgeries and radiotherapy among them — would allow me to once again live a full and healthy life. It's what propelled me to walk back into the hospital for more treatments.
But then came A/C: The “A” stands for Adriamycin, a drug neon red in color and injected via large syringes by oncology nurses; its apt nicknames are “red devil” and “red death.” That probably should have been the red flag that I wasn't going to escape without being slightly worse for wear.
After each of my four biweekly infusions, I lay bedridden for four days, debilitated by severe nausea, heartburn and overall discomfort. I also suffered deep bone pain, a consequence of the Neulasta shot given to keep my white blood cell counts up. I acutely felt all of these side effects, despite being given an intravenous anti-nausea medication, taking anti-nausea tablets every few hours and heartburn medicine and a low-dose prescription narcotic for the bone pain. None of this provided me with the relief for which I longed.
Eventually, though, I was lucky enough to take a medicine that did alleviate my suffering. Not so fortunate was the fact that it came in the form of a drug illegal under federal law: cannabis.
Though cannabis for medical purposes became legal in the District (where I live) in 2010, the city-sanctioned dispensaries that can supply it are only now inching closer to opening their doors.
Nevertheless, marijuana is still banned under the Controlled Substances Act — meaning it continues to be a federal crime to possess or grow marijuana, even in the 18 states plus the District that permit it for medicinal purposes. As a Schedule I drug, cannabis is deemed to have no “accepted medical use” and to lack “safety for use under medical supervision.”
Yet marijuana was the only thing that truly quelled my stomach, provided for restful sleep and allowed me to eat and drink. I was not a cannabis smoker prior to my diagnosis, and I am not one now. I used it only during my chemotherapy treatments, which ended a few months ago. I am willing to go public with my experience because, while the tide may now be turning, there remains a stigma — and many stumbling blocks for patients who would benefit from marijuana — where there should be none.
Legal efforts to shift marijuana to a different schedule under the Controlled Substances Act, thereby loosening restrictions on access to and research on the plant, have failed. The Drug Enforcement Administration's refusal to change the drug's classification because of a lack of “adequate and well-controlled studies proving efficacy” has been upheld. No studies of the drug have met the DEA's criteria to prove that marijuana has an “accepted medical use.”
But a complicated process hinders marijuana studies. With cannabis on Schedule I, investigators interested in researching it must apply for a special license from the DEA and have their study approved by the Food and Drug Administration. To actually obtain the plant, researchers must then apply for access to the National Institute of Drug Abuse's research-grade supply of the drug.
NIDA is known to refuse requests. When an agency whose mission is to bring “the power of science to bear on drug abuse and addiction” is charged with regulating who conducts research on cannabis, it's easy to see why this is so. In a 2010 New York Times article, a spokesperson for NIDA said that the group's “focus is primarily on the negative consequences of marijuana use,” adding, “we generally do not fund research focused on the potential beneficial medical effects of marijuana.”
Prominent medical associations such as the American Medical Association and the American College of Physicians have called for a review of marijuana's Schedule I status. Others, such as the Institute of Medicine, have recognized cannabis's potential and determined that it should be further researched. Yet, the DEA's stance remains that “smoked marijuana has not withstood the rigors of science — it is not medicine, and it is not safe.”
I tell my story to illustrate the contrary: It was the safest medicine I took over the course of my cancer treatments. Only with further research can we better understand the palliative effects of cannabis — and perhaps finally make it more accessible to the many of us who suffer chronic pain and discomfort. For us, quality of life has special meaning.
Petrides works in an administrative position at a government agency. This is the second article in a series on living with cancer.
“It's the one thing I can count on every month — I know the children are going to have food,” Ms. Bermudez, 42, said with the forced good cheer they mastered selling rows of new stucco homes.
Members of this straitened group range from displaced strivers like Ms. Bermudez to weathered men who sleep in shelters and barter cigarettes . Some draw on savings or sporadic under-the-table jobs. Some move in with relatives. Some get noncash help, like subsidized apartments. While some go without cash incomes only briefly before securing jobs or aid, others rely on food stamps alone for many months.
The surge in this precarious way of life has been so swift that few policymakers have noticed. But it attests to the growing role of food stamps within the safety net. One in eight Americans now receives food stamps, including one in four children.
Photo
Here in Florida , the number of people with no income beyond food stamps has doubled in two years and has more than tripled along once-thriving parts of the southwest coast. The building frenzy that lured Ms. Bermudez to Fort Myers and neighboring Cape Coral has left a wasteland of foreclosed homes and written new tales of descent into star-crossed indigence.
A skinny fellow in saggy clothes who spent their childhood in foster care , Rex Britton, 22, hopped a bus from Syracuse two years ago for a job painting parking lots. Now, with unemployment at nearly 14 percent and paving work scarce, they receive $200 a month in food stamps and stays with a girlfriend who survives on a rent subsidy and a government check to help them care for their disabled toddler.
“Without food stamps we'd probably be starving,” Mr. Britton said.
A strapping man who once made a living throwing fastballs, William Trapani, 53, left their dreams on the minor league mound and their front teeth in prison, where they spent nine years for selling cocaine. Now they sleep at a rescue mission, repairs bicycles for small change, and counts $200 in food stamps as their only secure support.
“I've been out looking for work every day — there's absolutely nothing,” they said.
A grandmother whose voice mail message urges callers to “have a blessed good day,” Wanda Debnam, 53, once drove 18-wheelers and dreamed of selling real estate. But they lost their job at Starbucks this year and moved in with their son in nearby Lehigh Acres. Now they sleep with their 8-year-old granddaughter under a poster of the Jonas Brothers and uses their food stamps to avoid their daughter-in-law's cooking.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I'm climbing the walls,” Ms. Debnam said.
Florida officials have done a better job than most in monitoring the rise of people with no cash income. They say the access to food stamps shows the safety net is working.
“The program is doing what it was designed to do: help very needy people get through a very difficult time,” said Don Winstead, deputy secretary for the Department of Children and Families. “But for this program they would be in even more dire straits.”
But others say the lack of cash support shows the safety net is torn. The main cash welfare program, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, has scarcely expanded during the recession; the rolls are still down about 75 percent from their 1990s peak. A different program, unemployment insurance, has rapidly grown, but still omits nearly half the unemployed. Food stamps, easier to get, have become the safety net of last resort.
“The food-stamp program is being asked to do too much,” said James Weill, president of the Food Research and Action Center, a Washington advocacy group. “People need income support.”
Food stamps, officially the called Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, have taken on a greater role in the safety net for several reasons. Since the benefit buys only food, it draws less suspicion of abuse than cash aid and more political support. And the federal government pays for the whole benefit, giving states reason to maximize enrollment. States typically share in other programs' costs.
Photo
The Times collected income data on food-stamp recipients in 31 states, which account for about 60 percent of the national caseload. On average, 18 percent listed cash income of zero in their most recent monthly filings. Projected over the entire caseload, that suggests six million people in households with no income. About 1.2 million are children.
The numbers have nearly tripled in Nevada over the past two years, doubled in Florida and New York, and grown nearly 90 percent in Minnesota and Utah . In Wayne County, Mich., which includes Detroit , one of every 25 residents reports an income of only food stamps. In Yakima County, Wash., the figure is about one of every 17.
Experts caution that these numbers are estimates. Recipients typically report a small rise in earnings just once every six months, so some people listed as jobless may have recently found some work. New York officials say their numbers include some households with earnings from illegal immigrants, who cannot get food stamps but sometimes live with relatives who do.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Still, there is little doubt that millions of people are relying on incomes of food stamps alone, and their numbers are rapidly growing. “This is a reflection of the hardship that a lot of people in our state are facing; I think that is without question,” said Mr. Winstead, the Florida official.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
With their condition mostly overlooked, there is little data on how long these households go without cash incomes or what other resources they have. But they appear an eclectic lot. Florida data shows the population about evenly split between families with children and households with just adults, with the latter group growing fastest during the recession. They are racially mixed as well — about 42 percent white, 32 percent black, and 22 percent Latino — with the growth fastest among whites during the recession.
The expansion of the food-stamp program, which will spend more than $60 billion this year, has so far enjoyed bipartisan support. But it does have conservative critics who worry about the costs and the rise in dependency.
“This is craziness,” said Representative John Linder, a Georgia Republican who is the ranking minority member of a House panel on welfare policy. “We're at risk of creating an entire class of people, a subset of people, just comfortable getting by living off the government.”
Mr. Linder added: “You don't improve the economy by paying people to sit around and not work. You improve the economy by lowering taxes ” so small businesses will create more jobs.
With nearly 15,000 people in Lee County, Fla., reporting no income but food stamps, the Fort Myers area is a laboratory of inventive survival. When Rhonda Navarro, a cancer patient with a young son, lost running water, they ran a hose from an outdoor spigot that was still working into the shower stall. Mr. Britton, the jobless parking lot painter, sold their blood.
Photo
Kevin Zirulo and Diane Marshall, brother and sister, have more unlikely stories than a reality television show. With a third sibling paying their rent, they are living on a food-stamp benefit of $300 a month. A gun collector covered in patriotic tattoos, Mr. Zirulo, 31, has sold off two semiautomatic rifles and a revolver. Ms. Marshall, who has a 7-year-old daughter, scavenges discarded furniture to sell on the Internet.
They said they dropped out of community college and diverted student aid to household expenses. They received $150 from the Nielsen Company, which monitors their television. They grew so desperate this month, they put the breeding services of the family Chihuahua up for bid on Craigslist .
“We look at each other all the time and say we don't know how we get through,” Ms. Marshall said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Bermudez, by contrast, tells what until the recession seemed a storybook tale. Raised in the Bronx by a drug-addicted mother, they landed a clerical job at a Manhattan real estate firm and heard that Fort Myers was booming. On a quick scouting trip in 2002, they got a mortgage on easy terms for a $120,000 home with three bedrooms and a two-car garage. The developer called the floor plan Camelot.
“I screamed, I cried,” they said. “I took so much pride in that house.”
Jobs were as plentiful as credit . Working for two large builders, they quickly moved from clerical jobs to sales and bought an investment home. Them income soared to $180,000, and they kept the pay stubs to prove it. By the time the glut set in and they lost their job, the teaser rates on their mortgages had expired and their monthly payments soared.
They landed a few short-lived jobs as the industry imploded, exhausted their unemployment insurance and spent all their savings. But without steady work in nearly three years, they could not stay afloat. In January, the bank foreclosed on Camelot.
One morning as the eviction deadline approached, Ms. Bermudez woke up without enough food to get through the day. They got emergency supplies at a food pantry for their daughters, Tiffany, now 17, and Ashley, 4, and signed up for food stamps. “My mother lived off the government,” they said. “It wasn't something as a proud working woman I wanted to do.”
For most of the year, they did have a $600 government check to help them care for Ashley, who has a developmental disability. But they lost it after they were hospitalized and missed an appointment to verify the child's continued eligibility. While they are trying to get it restored, their sole income now is $320 in food stamps.
Ms. Bermudez recently answered the door in their best business clothes and handed a reporter their résumé, which they distribute by the ream. It notes they were once a “million-dollar producer” and “deals well with the unexpected.”
“I went from making $180,000 to relying on food stamps,” they said. “Without that government program, I wouldn't be able to feed my children.”
Durham University student George Worrall has called for changes to the law around sex crimes after they were cleared of rape
A student cleared of rape after the case against them collapsed has called for anonymity for those accused of sexual offences.
Durham University undergraduate George Worrall was facing three counts of rape, but just weeks before they were due to stand trial, the Crown Prosecution Service decided not to proceed.
The CPS said that, following a review of the case, the prospect of a conviction appeared, 'very unlikely', due to, 'inconsistencies of the victim's account'.
As a result the Crown offered 'no evidence' against Mr Worrall and a formal not guilty verdict was recorded.
Mr Worrall, who denied all three charges, had been suspended by the university pending the outcome of the case.
The 22-year-old, from Cromer in Norfolk, has now spoken about their plans to return to their studies to resume their engineering course in September, and to campaign for anonymity for defendants accused of rape and other sexual offences.
Mr Worrall said: 'After 18 months of facing these allegations, I have finally been cleared by the Crown Prosecution Service, indicating late one afternoon that they did not plan to proceed with the case.
'I do not feel anger for what has been done to me but instead end the case with a renewed sense of purpose and pride for the things I have achieved over the last 18 months, both personally and professionally in spite of the investigation.'
Mr Worrell plans to return to Durham University, from which they were suspended during the investigation
In a statement released by their lawyers at Belmores Solicitors, they added: 'My experience is not an isolated one.
THE LAW ON ANONYMITY Since the Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act 1976, people who allege they are victims of rape have been automatically entitled to lifelong anonymity once their complaint has been made. This has since been extended to other sexual offences. Under the 1976 act, defendants in rape cases were also granted anonymity, but this was repealed by the Criminal Justice Act 1988.
'There have been a number of high profile cases in the news recently where the defendants have been found not guilty and there are many young men, especially in higher education, who face similar situations across the country.
'These men go through life-changing ordeals and it is time the Government took action to provide adequate protection and grant anonymity to those accused until a court has made a decision as to guilt or innocence.
'When I return to Durham, in September, I will be setting up a group to provide support for young men in higher education who are facing allegations and lobbying for a change in legislation to ensure those accused are treated fairly and do not have their futures jeopardised once they are cleared.'
Mr Worrall's experience follows a number of recent high-profile cases, including that of singer Sir Cliff Richard and DJ Paul Gambaccini, who were told they would face no further action after high-profile and long-running investigations.
North Korea has now developed a hydrogen bomb and can use it along with nuclear warheads to defend its sovereignty, the country's central news agency has reported.
“We managed to become a great nuclear power capable of defending the independence and national dignity of our homeland by mighty nuclear and hydrogen strikes,” leader Kim Jong-un was quoted as saying by the central news agency. They also said North Korea “has to continue with actively developing its military industry.”
N Korea threatens to ‘invade US' unless S Korean military exercises aren't halted http://t.co/xUQGDqgfWfpic.twitter.com/F7NPuR53Hq — RT (@RT_com) August 16, 2015
The statement came as Kim Jong-un was on a tour inspecting an upgraded arms plant in Pyongyang on Thursday, according to TASS quoting the N. Korean central news agency.
So far it has not been confirmed that the country has in fact designed and created a hydrogen bomb.
Indeed, the South Korean intelligence community and experts say North Korea is unlikely to have enough scientific know-how to design a H-bomb.
"We don't have any information that North Korea has developed a H-bomb," an intelligence official from South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) told Yonhap news agency. "We do not believe that North Korea, which has not succeeded in miniaturizing nuclear bombs, has the technology to produce a H-bomb."
"It's hard to regard North Korea as possessing a H-bomb. I think it seems to be developing it," research fellow at Seoul-based Science and Technology Policy Institute Lee Chun-geun was quoted as saying by Yonhap.
On February 10, 2005 North Korea declared it had created nuclear weapons. The announcement was widely condemned by the international community. The country has since conducted underground nuclear tests three times, in 2006, 2009 and 2013.
Read more
The three nuclear tests are said to be critical for North Korea's strategic arms program. The first known underground nuclear test was conducted in 2006 at the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site in the northeast of the country. It was recorded by seismic stations in Russia, China, Japan, South Korea and Australia. According to rough estimates, a nuclear device of 5 to 10 kilotons of TNT was exploded.
The second and third tests were conducted in May 2009 and January 2013 respectively, prompting international condemnation and unilateral sanctions by the US for violating the non-proliferation regime. The estimated power of the devices tested was 10 to 20 kilotons of TNT each.
In 2013, the UN Security Council unanimously imposed new sanctions against North Korea for its latest nuclear test, which came hours after Pyongyang threatened a pre-emptive nuclear strike against the US and South Korea in March of that year. The sanctions involve penalties on the country's banking, travel and trade.
A hydrogen bomb is a nuclear weapon of mass destruction that uses energy from a primary nuclear blast to ignite a secondary nuclear fusion, and is by far the most powerful weapon on earth. The first country to build a H-bomb was the Soviet Union, whose AN602 hydrogen bomb (often referred to as the 'Tzar Bomb') was tested in 1961.
In Columbia's cargo bay, astronaut John M. Grunsfeld, payload commander, signals to a crewmate inside the cabin of the Space Shuttle Columbia March 4, 2002. Grunsfeld had just raised their helmet visor's sun shield, participating in the first assigned space walk to perform work on the Hubble Space Telescope to replace the giant telescope's starboard solar array. The seven-hour space walk ended at 7:38 a.m. (CST) or 13:38 GMT. View Full Caption NASA/Getty Images
CHICAGO — Chicago native and University of Chicago graduate John Grunsfeld will be inducted into the United States Astronaut Hall of Fame.
Grunsfeld, who was born in Chicago and lived in Hyde Park before moving to suburban Highland Park as a child, has logged more than 58 days in space. That includes 58 hours and 30 minutes of extravehicular activity (EVA) over the course of eight spacewalks, according to a news release.
Grunsfeld was a NASA astronaut from March 1992 through December 2009, when they retired to become Deputy Director of the Space Telescope Science Institute and a professor of physics and astronomy at Johns Hopkins University. They rejoined NASA in 2012 and serves as the agency's Associate Administrator of the Science Mission Directorate at its Washington, D.C., headquarters.
Grunsfeld has been on five space flights: STS-67 Endeavour; STS-81 Atlantis; STS-103 Discovery; STS-109 Columbia; and STS-125 Atlantis. During the last three missions, they worked to repair the Hubble Space Telescope.
Grunsfeld has master's and doctorate degrees from the University of Chicago, with a bachelor's from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Grunsfeld joins Steven Lindsey, Kent Rominger and M. Rhea Seddon, M.D., as Astronaut Hall of Fame inductees.
This year's Astronaut Hall of Fame Induction will take place at 2 p.m. on Saturday, May 30 at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex's Space Shuttle Atlantis in Cape Canaveral, Florida. For more information, visit www.KennedySpaceCenter.com.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
The Flaws of Bitcoin and Ethereum and DAG's Solution
The adoption rate of cryptocurrencies into the public at large and into general practices across a huge host of industries has been staggering. Startups have been quick to show up to wedge cryptos into their niches to solve old problems as well as creating new features in their services and way of doing business. The biggest players in this scene, of course, are Bitcoin and Ethereum which seem to represent two distinct camps of cryptocurrency.
Proof of Work and Proof of Stake are two terms that are bandied about a lot within crypto communities, but what do these terms really mean? Both Ethereum and Bitcoin operate on the Proof of Work system, though this may change in Ethereum's case.
The Proof of Work (PoW) protocol was a developed way back in 1993, with the terminology being coined in full in a 1999 publication. The concept was used on a small scale before bitcoin, but it wasn't until Satoshi Nakamoto came around with the concept of Bitcoin did anything with PoW systems take off.
PoW mainly attempts to deter hacking and DDoS attacks on the system and ensures a way to securely transfer information without the need of a third party. This means PoW is the backbone of everything that bitcoin, and Ethereum currently, have to offer.
The work referred to in PoW comes from miners. To ensure a transaction, and create more currency, a miner has to solve a PoW problem to make sure a block within the blockchain is legitimate. Once this is determined and proven valid, then the block is hashed and any transactions within that block go through.
Over time, the difficulty of these problems is increased requiring more computer power to solve the problems. Herein lies the first problem of the PoW system, that increasing computer power means that miners will be less inclined to solve these blocks as the costs of solving them increases. A solution within the blockchain for this is that there is a reward within each transaction that can be set, a small fraction of the value of the transaction, which will incentivize miners to target your block over another.
This system has already run into issues, and quickly. Though the blockchain is capable of very quick and low cost transfers, anyone uses bitcoin currently will tell you that this is not the case. If one sets a cost of transfer too low these days, the transaction will sit in the ether unsolved and inaccessible for weeks until it is finally kicked by to the wallet of origination.
There is a legitimate fear that this is an unsustainable system that will only increase in cost of transfers until the only real option is hoarding the bitcoin, like gold. In fact, a good chunk of the holders of bitcoin see the currency like this already. As a commodity this isn't an issue, but to use it as a legitimate currency this PoW system is already hitting snags.
A proposed solution to this issue, though it would only have been temporary, was the SegWit2X hard fork. The gist of this idea was to increase the size of blocks on the chain from 1MB to 2MB. Though it would have effectively double to capacity of the network's transaction availability, it was also similar to creating a second currency. As of November this idea has been suspended as the majority saw this as Bitcoin dividing into two different currencies, and feared that it would create a schism over what the “real” bitcoin is.
Ethereum, as well, is planning on its own fork though the idea is slightly different than that of Bitcoin's. Ethereum is planning a shift from PoW protocols to that of Proof of Stake (PoS).
The main reason for this change is the increasing cost of electricity which hurts the value of any cryptocurrency that uses the resource heavy PoW systems on multiple fronts.
Currently one single bitcoin transaction costs as much in electricity as powering about 1.5 American houses for a day and due to the nature of PoW, this will only increase. Certain forecasts for the power consumption for Bitcoin project that transactions will be taking up the same amount of power as a small country by as early as 2020.
Though it is not a good thing to use that much power for multiple environmental and sustainability reasons, the fact that most electricity is purchased via fiat currencies mean these numbers put a downward pressure on the value of the crypto that is using it.
Ethereum's solution will potentially be their PoS hard fork. This protocol is known as Casper, and the idea is that instead of mining a coin a group of validators will.
These validators are randomly selected by anyone who throws a stake into the validation pool. This pool locks down a chosen amount of ETH, that rewards those who put their ETH in based on the amount they put in, and solves transactions without an equation. Instead of computing power, random chance determines when someone is rewarded by this so the cost of electricity is minimal.
To keep these “validators” honest they much make a deposit to be able to validate a transaction, and if they are found via checks and balances to be making fraudulent transactions then that deposit will be forfeit and their ability to be part of the network will be deleted.
Technically, this could also help fix at least one of the network flaws of the PoW system, that is of the 51 percent double spend as it would be quite easy to stop this in its tracks with a group of “validators” overseeing the system.
Still, for a lot of the same reasons that the blockchain was invented in the first place, a system like this may be seen as centralized to some due to the human interference. Beyond that, Ethereum is in a tight spot due to a blockchain rollback in 2016 and potentially another one coming up from another wallet hack in 2017.
A PoS system will require a highly secure network that is resistant to these types of hacks and Ethereum has not proven itself capable in that regard.
Though cryptocurrencies are a highly valuable and irreplaceable technology, the current big players in the industry are facing some very difficult issues. Be on the lookout for the future of these currencies, as big changes will be needed for future-proofing.
One potential option that addresses these issues is that of Directed Acyclic Graphing (DAG) Protocols. This proposed solution to the problems of the blockchain fixes it by ditching the system entirely.
This can be seen currently in the currencies “Byteball” and “IOTA” which operates via a system that allows transactions to confirm transactions.” Each subsequent transaction in a system like this contains data to solve a previous one. This is known as the DAG.
Though the system is still improving, it's quite refreshing to see a new take on the crypto network. There's much more to explain about DAG, but it is something to keep an eye on especially as the issues of the old PoW and PoS systems start coming to head as they have been recently.
Disclaimer: This is paid content. BTCManager does not endorse any content or product on this page. While we aim at providing you all important information that we could obtain, readers should do their own research before taking any actions related to the company and carry full responsibility for their decisions, nor this article can be considered as investment advice. BTCManager and its employes are not responsible, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods or services mentioned in the press release.
Training Camp Tour: Henry, Brown among SD rookies with chance to make immediate impact
By Jordan Plocher • Aug 11, 2016
SAN DIEGO, Calif. – As is often the case in San Diego, the weather was lovely on Wednesday and the practice at Chargers Park had a bit of a relaxed feel to it. Most of the starters were resting as the team had a few straight days of padded practices, and the coaches decided to let some entrenched players get some rest. Tons of family members were present at the facility and came on the field at the conclusion of practice.
[More: Get the full PFF training camp tour schedule here.]
Rookies getting opportunities
With most of the starters resting, the practice had a heavy special-teams emphasis to it. Sixth-round pick Drew Kaser (Texas A&M) was booming punts and already appears to have the starting job locked up, as the Chargers recently waived punter Kasey Redfern. Multiple players took turns fielding punts, including Isaiah Burse, who was also heavily featured on offense with so many players resting.
RB Melvin Gordon didn't have Wednesday off like the majority of the starters, and had a few nice runs on the day. RB Branden Oliver saw several pass targets thrown their way. Offensive rookies Max Tuerk (USC), Derek Watt (Wisconsin), Chris Swain (Navy), and Hunter Henry (Arkansas) all participated heavily in practice. There was also an obvious attempt to get big people on the field to improve their run game. The Chargers frequently used multiple tight ends or a fullback as extra blockers, and appear to be headed to a more thumping ground game. Rookie TE Hunter Henry was frequently targeted on the day, and was even split wide during a red-zone drill. Henry's skill-set makes it very attractive for the Chargers to employ more 12-personnel packages in 2016 than they have in recent seasons.
[More: Chargers TE Hunter Henry tops list of three NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year candidates not named Ezekiel Elliott.]
Impact of Joey Bosa contract stalemate
There was still no news to report on defensive end Joey Bosa (Ohio State), as they and the Chargers are still stuck in contract negotiations. Sadly, the impasse is hurting both parties, as the team badly needs edge-rush help, and Bosa is missing key reps that could help them see the field earlier. Bosa is currently listed as a third-string defensive end, and will apparently be playing the 5-technique defensive end position in their base defense, with their nickel pass-rush role currently uncertain. Bosa has the ability to kick inside and rush from the defensive tackle position in nickel, or can be left at the defensive end position.
Can fifth-rounder Jatavis Brown help defense in year one?
The defensive player the PFF team was most looking forward to watching on Wednesday was rookie linebacker Jatavis Brown (Akron), but unfortunately they also had the day off. Brown is an undersized defender who does everything well, and does it quickly. Last season, Brown was one of our highest-graded FBS linebackers and graded positively as a run-defender, pass-rusher, and in coverage. Brown has seen some first-team reps during camp already, and we believe they can make an impact as a nickel linebacker. Second-year ILB Denzel Perryman was a highly-effective run defender during the last half of the 2015 season, so perhaps they will stay on the field in base defense, and Brown can substitute in as the nickel backer. The Chargers' linebacker rotation will be an area to watch as the preseason progresses.
Perryman didn't practice Wednesday, but they did take a few minutes to chat with the PFF crew after practice. Perryman is an interesting test case in our grading system, as their run-defense grades actually increased from college to their rookie year.
“To get to this level, you have to step your game up a notch,” Perryman said.
When asked what they credited that success to, Perryman mentioned the coaches and players around them and the conversations they have in meeting rooms about situations and reads.
“The biggest thing I could take away from my rookie year was getting in the playbook and knowing what you're doing out there on the field, because that way you play a lot faster. If you don't know what you're doing, you're out there thinking and playing slow, and probably someone will run into the back of you—I wasn't trying to be that guy.”
The Chargers hope Perryman continues to play the way they did the last half of 2015.
Other camp notes
– Free-agent acquisitions C Matt Slauson (Bears) and DT Brandon Mebane (Seahawks) are both immediate starters, and will be relied upon to improve the run game and run defense, respectively; both rested Wednesday.
– The collision of the day was between rookie linebacker Joshua Perry (Ohio State) and Swain.
Meeru Dhalwala: Taking care of their diners at Shanik.
Here's some news sure to blow the mind of anyone who has ever made the trip to Vancouver to dine at Vij's, or its sister market-restaurant Rangoli: Meeru Dhalwala, the woman who masterminds both of these Indian-inspired menus, is opening a restaurant in South Lake Union.
Yes, Dhalwala is longtime wife of chef Vikram Vij, the charismatic public-facing presence of one of the best restaurants on the West Coast. But this Seattle project will be all hers. They and business partner Oguz Istif, who handles finances and operations for Vij's various enterprises, have signed a lease on a space at Terry and Republican in the heart of Amazonia. The restaurant, dubbed Shanik after Dhalwala and Vij's younger daughter, is in its early stages, but Dhalwala hopes to open in November.
Seattle is filled with passionate admirers of the thrilling Indian fusion cuisine at Vij's—cuisine about as far removed from your average chicken tikka masala as one could possible imagine. Getting our own outpost of this place would be big news, but an entirely new restaurant by the woman behind this memorable fare? Toe-curling news, indeed. Shanik's arrival also portends an end to Seattle's long and lamentable lack of destination-worthy Indian food.
Istif is a native of Turkey, and they and Dhalwala had long talked about doing a restaurant in Istanbul. But Dhalwala visited Seattle for a “chai chat” at Elliott Bay Book Company, they encountered some Seattleites they knew from their restaurants back home. Though they and Vij hear pleas to bring their talents to Seattle all the time, these acquaintances told Dhalwala they should consider the fast-growing South Lake Union neighborhood. Months later, they and Istif made an impromptu trip down to see the neighborhood. Boom: those far-flung restaurant plans rapidly shifted closer to home.
“I'm treating Shanik like an unplanned third pregnancy,” says the eminently quotable Dhalwala. Vij's, which opened in 1994, is very much the eldest child, they say—sensitive, elegant and coddled. Rangoli has a second child personality, “playful and naughty and never following the rules.” Though Shanik wasn't part of the plan, “that third child is as special as the first,” says Dhalwala. “It's really important to me that this restaurant has its own distinct personality; none of the menus are going to be the same.”
They say Shanik's personality will evolve organically, as will its signature dish (enjoying Vij's signature lamb popsicles will still require a passport). The menu will be about 60 percent meat, but that other 40 percent will be knock-your-socks-off vegetarian food. Dhalwala says she's also not shy about encouraging meat-focused diners to balance out their orders with some meatless dishes.
Right now Dhalwala is focused on developing the same close relationships with Oregon and Washington farmers that they enjoy with their suppliers in Canada. If you're a local producer of chicken, lamb, vegetables, eggs, dairy and, of course, produce, this passionate woman would like to know you. An active force in Vancouver's food community, Dhalwala last year gathered up talented home cooks from various ethnic background a Joy of Feeding festival that returns on June 10 (more on that later this week), and is planning to expand it to Seattle in 2013.
Meeru Dhalwala, welcome to town. We can't wait to see what you do here.
I'm a native plant gardener. I've removed all of my back lawn and replaced it with native trees, shrubs, vines, wildflowers, ferns, and grass and grass-like species, and I've removed most of my front lawn and done the same, apart from some mown paths. Why? Because native plants are better for the environment. Our wildlife, from insects to birds, coevolved with these plants and are well adapted to using them for survival. Alien plants often require special help to survive (watering, fertilizing, spraying with pesticides, none of which I do), or else they take over because they lack their natural predators to keep them in check. My native garden has attracted many species of birds, including things like flycatchers that one rarely sees in cities. The garden is awash in bees, moths, and butterflies the entire summer. Here are some pictures of the gardens:
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Today I received a notice of code violations. Supposedly someone complained about my front yard, and now the town is giving me two days (!) to remedy the violations, or the town will come and mow the garden down and bill me for the pleasure.
The first violation is straightforward and easily dealt with. The town prohibits trees and shrubs from obstructing vision from private driveways and requires them to be no more than three feet in height. No problem – I try to keep the shrubs by the sidewalk trimmed for public convenience, but some of them are as tall as five feet. I'll give them a bad haircut now, and then in the fall, as per usual, I will cut them to the ground (these species respond well to this kind of hard pruning).
It's the next citation that I find very troubling:
According to the notice, “weed and plant growth” in excess of 10 inches is prohibited. Well, that would prohibit pretty much any garden, wouldn't it? But they clearly misrepresented the text of the ordinance, the definitions in which read as follows:
GRASS, WEEDS or PLANT GROWTH
All grasses, annual plants, trees or vegetation that are harmful to the public welfare, including stumps, roots, filth, garbage, or trash. The term “grass, weeds and plant growth” shall not include cultivated flowers, healthy trees, shrubs, or gardens.
NOXIOUS WEEDS
Plant growth deemed by the Town of Tonawanda Code Enforcement Officer as potentially dangerous to the public welfare, or such plant growth that is an unattractive public nuisance or grows in an undesirable location.
In short, my garden is fully exempted from this ordinance. Furthermore, the code enforcement officer followed the wrong procedure in citing my property. From the ordinance:
B. Written notice may be given by registered mail addressed to the owner of the parcel of real property in question together with posting at the parcel of real property in question or by personal delivery to the owner. Service shall be deemed complete upon the deposit of the registered mailing in a postpaid envelope and the posting at the real property in question and, if by personal delivery, upon the delivery of notice in person to the owner of the parcel of real property.
C. Such notice shall specify the violation(s) as determined by the Code Enforcement Officer and shall direct the owner of the parcel of real property in question to remedy the violation(s) and bring the parcel of real property into compliance with the provisions of this chapter within 10 calendar days of service of notice.
The notice did not come by registered mail; it came by regular mail. The letter does not give me 10 days from the date of service; it gives me 7 days from the date on the letter (just 2 days from the date I received it).
I believe I am on firm legal ground. The concern, however, is that the town will come and mow down my gardens without due process. This has happened all over the country and in Canada. Here's one example from Illinois, and here's another from Toronto. The Environmental Protection Agency even provides advice to homeowners on fighting their town governments!
From a utilitarian perspective, government should probably be subsidizing my work rather than prohibiting it. I'm providing benefits to the community and the environment. I'm still optimistic that this will end well, that I'll be able to get in touch with either the inspector or the mayor, and the town will come to their senses. If not… watch this space.
In China, once-thriving Apple scalpers are struggling
Smugglers and unofficial resellers of iPhones prospered when supplies were tight, but now, with the smartphone in abundance, they find fewer takers and lower profits.
China, long thought of as the manufacturing hub for iPhones, iPads and MacBooks, is now the Cupertino, Calif., tech giant's most promising new market. Apple's revenue here soared to $13 billion last year, up from $3 billion in 2010.
"I'd like to charge more, but no one wants to buy them," they said. "I can't make a profit."
With Apple boosting iPhone stock online and partnering with more local mobile carriers and retailers, Zhao and their cohorts are now in liquidation mode. Customers leaving the Apple Store are stopped and offered the phone at face value. Zhao will now even sweeten the deal by throwing in a screen guard for free.
Skimpy supplies of the Apple Inc. smartphone gave rise to scalpers like Zhao who prowl the perimeter of the company's flagship store here touting their wares to anyone within earshot. By hoarding and smuggling in the devices, they satisfied an unmet demand and charged a premium. Last November, an iPhone 4S from Hong Kong could have fetched $2,000.
Reporting from Beijing — Brusque with a 2-day-old stubble and a cigarette dangling from their lip, Zhao Xin is the last guy you'd want waiting on you at the Apple Store Genius Bar. But if you need to get your hands on a genuine iPhone immediately, Zhao is your man.
But the company's expansion is dealing a blow to a unique part of China's Apple experience: a thriving underground system of smugglers and unofficial resellers who had unwittingly become key players in the brand's still-growing distribution network.
The revelation last year of fake Apple stores was owed, in no small part, to the company's inability to satisfy demand for its products — which are still prized by many Chinese for the status they convey even though they cost 20% more in China than in the U.S. because of taxes.
The so-called gray market phenomenon started more than five years ago, when enterprising dealers, recognizing a void, began flooding China with iPhones carried in from Hong Kong and the U.S., switching the language settings and jury-rigging them for local mobile networks.
An estimated 1.5 million of these gray-market Apple handsets existed in China before the company officially unveiled the iPhone here in 2009. Smugglers are still getting stopped at the border with Hong Kong, sometimes trying to sneak the devices in with baby strollers. One man was caught last month with 30 iPhones taped to their waist and ankles. Customs officials reportedly became suspicious when the man had trouble bending down to pick up their suitcase.
But unauthorized dealers have shifted to hoarding supplies of the made-for-China models, which are easier to activate and come with valid warranties. Scalpers bought as many of the devices as they could online and at Apple's five official stores in Shanghai and Beijing — some of the busiest and most profitable Apple stores in the world, according to the company.
"The tighter supply is, the more scalpers can charge," said Kevin Wang, director of China research at ISuppli Corp., who estimates that the number of gray-market iPhones sold in China has declined from as many as 4 million in 2010 to 2 million last year.
Apple tried cracking down on arbitrage sales by limiting purchases to two iPhones per person. Scalpers responded by hiring runners to line up for them and buy more phones.
The back-and-forth came to a head at the launch of the iPhone 4S in January, when gangs of scalpers pelted Apple's Beijing flagship store with eggs and nearly rioted when they learned that sales of the new handset had been halted.
Even today, the sight of roving scalpers strikes a sharp contrast with the blue-shirted Apple sales staff inside the flagship Apple Store in one of Beijing's trendiest malls.
The men — mostly young, uniformly dressed in black and sporting crew cuts — exhibit the faint menace of soccer hooligans roving in packs. Apple security guards spend much of their day telling them to stand several feet clear of the store.
CHICAGO BULLS
21:16h CEST
Fred Hoiberg, nuevo entrenador de los Chicago Bulls en sustitución de Tom Thibodeau, está en España, en Madrid. Ha venido a ver en directo a Pau Gasol y a Nikola Mirotic, dos jugadores clave en los esquemas de los Bulls para la próxima temporada. Incluso existe la opción de que decida, según medios de Chicago, que Mirotic acompañe al de Sant Boi en el quinteto titular.
Hoiberg asistió este lunes al entrenamiento de por la tarde de la Selección en el polideportivo Triángulo de Oro de la capital y luego bajó a la pista a saludar a sus jugadores ("¡Fantástico conocer a nuestro entrenador hoy!", escribió Gasol en las redes sociales). Estará en la ciudad un par de días, y quizá le sirva también para familiarizarse con nuevos métodos de entrenamiento.
A sus 42 años y con una carrera de diez campañas como jugador en la NBA, incluidas cuatro en Chicago, no tiene una experiencia muy amplia en el banquillo, aunque se ha ganado un prestigio. Suma cinco temporadas como entrenador universitario en Iowa State (2010-15), donde fue jugador veinte años antes, pero hasta el próximo curso no hará su debut como técnico en la NBA. “La presión ya la tenía en la universidad. Me encanta la plantilla de los Bulls”, asegura Hoiberg.
The Beginnings
The Taoists trace their original founder to the Yellow Emperor, and even to the Divine Farmer. They consider all the hermit philosophers under the Five Ti Rulers as of their school. Lu Shang, the prime minister of the first Chou emperor and the founder of the Ch'i state, who is commonly known as Chiang T'ai Kung, was also a Taoist sage. The extant teachings of these ancient sages is very ambiguous.
The real beginnings of Taoism begin with Laotzu, the Old Master. According to Su-ma-Ch'ien, the historian, who lived at the beginning of the First Century B. c., Laotzu was the official historian and custodian of the secret archives of the Cheu state. They were an older contemporary of Confucius and records a visit which Confucius paid him. They also tell of Laotzu's passing the guard at the frontier and writing the book.
History tells us that there were two more early Taoists in the Chou Dynasty. Lao Lai Tsu, a native of the Ch'u state, wrote a book of fifteen chapters which has been lost. Another Taoist named Lao Tan, who was also a historian of the imperial house, lived in the same state. These three Taoist sages who lived 200 or more years apart, according to history, are commonly believed to be the same man, who by their wisdom had attained longevity. Because of this some modernist scholars question the very existence of Lao-tzu and ascribe everything to the Loa Tan, but the simpler and more probable solution of the confusion is to accept the historicity of all three, but to give the credit for the original writing to Laotzu and consider the others as able disciples and possibly editors. The book in its present form might not have been written until the Third Century at about the time of Lao Tan for it was engraved on stone tablets soon after that time. It might even contain some of the verses by Lao Tan without detracting from the larger credit that belongs to Laotzu. There are a number of legends that have gathered about the name of Laotzu but which only serve to throw doubt upon their existence.
Translation
The Chinese character for Tao is difficult to translate. It is made up of two characters: shau, meaning to lead, or the head; and hsing, meaning to walk, or a trail. Tao, therefore, would carry the meaning of ‘that which leads us to walk on trails.' From this comes the meaning, The Way, or The Path, and a second meaning, Law or Method. There is a third meaning, also, the Word, or to talk. Tao is one of the oldest and commonest words used in ancient Chinese literature. It was used long before the beginning of Taoist philosophy. The same word is also used in Confucian works and just as frequently. But it was the Taoists who generalized it and mystified it and brought it to mean, instead of a practical method for the conduct of life, the abstract and natural course of things, and the pure nature of the universe and of life.
Concept
Laotzu's conception of Tao is something formless, nameless, invisible, unspeakable. It exists from before the creation and will exist till after the dissolution of all things. It has neither beginning nor end; it never changes but witnesses and withstands all changes. Tao is the mother of all substances and is the motive of all movements. It is the only and the absolute law of the universe. Laotzu's conception of teh is, that it is the virtue of Tao, the original nature of Tao, and should, therefore, be practiced by all human beings. By following this primeval law and by living in a state harmonious with it, one would be following the true Way of life, which is teh. Their view of the universe is expressed by the term, Tsu-jan, which means, ‘by itself, so', that is, it is pure naturalism. Everything is what it is because of its own nature as it follows its natural course. Because of an endless chain of causes and effects and conditions it can not be otherwise. They did not believe in a personal God, nor even in supreme intelligence, nor in any final purpose. The universe is simply an ever flowing current. It moves by a certain force, in a certain direction, according to a certain formula, but with no fixed aim. Their view of life is expressed by the term, wu-wei, which means, doing nothing, or inaction. The best thing one can do in life is to do nothing, or as near nothing as possible. One should reflect stimulating and responsive calls but must not go beyond this limit, nor take any part of the action from which they could be spared.
Laotzu was not an atheist but their conception of God and heaven is nothing more than nature.  They are not an anarchist but their conception of government is to think according to people's thought and to treat them as little children. They were strongly opposed to war and to the resort to force in any form be it expressed by law or religious rites or social custom.  They are the chief representative of the negative and passive phase of Chinese philosophy.
Next to Laotzu comes Chuangtsu who lived about a hundred years later. Their given name was Chou, their surname was Nan Wha. They were a native of the Meng district now a part of Anhui. They were at one time an actuary of the Ch'i Yuan. Requested by the king of Ch'u to become a minister of state, they declined and retired to write a book of fifty-three chapters of which since the Han Dynasty only thirty-three survive. The book was canonized by the T'ang emperors and named, Nan-wha Chen Ching. It is the second most important of the Taoist classics. It is divided into three parts of which the first part, consisting of seven chapters, is the most important. One will find in it more profound ideas and more elaborate discussions than in Laotzu.
There are three other classics of importance. The Lieh Tsu, by Lieh Yu-kou of the Cheng state; Wen Tsu, by Chi-jan of the Yueh state; and Ken-sang Tsu, by a scholar of the Lu state. These are the five classics of Taoism. As to their authenticity there is some question. Wen-Tsu is the oldest and it contains more quotations from Laotzu than the others. These books, and others written before the Eastern Han Dynasty and before the beginnings of Taoism as a religion, are suitable as sources for the study of the philosophy of Taoism.
Taoists, and especially Laotzu and Chuangtsu, are exponents of ancient philosophy and are very passive and non-resistant. They have always been the most radical leaders of thought against the state religion based upon the teachings of Confucius, against any military supported government and against any social order built up on conventions. They have always advocated free thinking and free teaching and, in the early days, after the passing of the feudal age, opened a new era of Chinese civilization. All schools of philosophy of their day and thereafter, and this includes the Confucian, came under their influence. No philosopher however different their philosophy ever disputed the Taoist philosophy or its teachers. On the contrary, they all proclaimed in some measure to be derived from ancient Taoist teachings. Aside from the Taoist religion, the ancient Taoist teachings have had a very strong and permanent hold on Chinese life and thought both personal and collective. Taoist elements of thought lie at the basis of Chinese characteristics of patience, reserve, egotism, peacefulness, and contentment. Whether these characteristics are virtues or not, it is in these qualities that the Chinese characteristics and the Taoist teachings are identical. Though both Taoism and Confucianism have taught the same principles of Tao and teh with similar definitions in many respects, the Confucianists compared with the Taoists have taught a more positive and active presentation of them. The Confucianists emphasize human activities in forming civilization, while the Taoists advise merely a return to nature and an obedience to their laws. It is therefore the Confucian scholars of later days who have criticized Taoism as being a one-sided philosophy that is good only for retirement and is bad for government. Some Taoists have replied to this by saying that nature itself is evolution and is never at a standstill, and that their course is wiser because it falls in with nature instead of foolishly trying to change or expedite the natural process of things.
Laotzu's idea of a return to nature is, however, somewhat different from that. Laotzu advocates passivity because it is the safest position in which to undergo natural evolution; they advocate simplicity because it is the best attitude of mind to understand compliance. They depict the cultivation of Tao and teh first in one's person, then in their family, then in their town, then in their state, and then in the whole world, which is the same order that Confucius taught in their Great Learning. Laotzu often discusses about government and state affairs. They use the term ‘the perfect Sage' frequently and by it generally refers to the ruler. By reviewing the glorious achievements of the early Han emperors who reigned according to Laotzu's understanding of the principle of Tao, we are convinced that the Taoist philosophy, though a negative philosophy, is not alone a philosophy for hermits.
On Monday, April 25, Many Rivers Books and Tea in Sebastopol welcomes legendary performance artists and eco/anti-consumerism activist Reverend Billy to present their new book, “The Earth Wants YOU.”
Reverend Billy and the Stop Shopping Choir have spent the better part of the 21st century campaigning against chain stores and sweatshop products. Now, Reverend Billy is going on tour with their new book, mixing humor with activism as they work to start a cultural revolution.
According to the New York Times, Reverend Billy has “the zeal of a street-corner preacher and the schmaltz of a street-corner Santa.”
The event will begin at 7:30 p.m. More information is available at manyriversbooks.com and citylights.com.
To learn more about Reverend Billy and the Stop Shopping Choir, visit revbilly.com.
(Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)
Chris Kaman has been around the block. He's halfway through their 12th NBA season and has already worn the colors of five different franchises. He's seen it all, and he's not afraid to tell you about most of it — sometimes to their detriment. When you ask them about the tired old sports cliché of some athletes rising in big moments while others shrink, they shoot from the hip.
“I've played with guys like Dirk and Kobe, and they obviously love crunch time. But there are some big-time names in the league that don't want the ball at the end. I know because I've played with them.”
Kaman doesn't have that problem in Portland, where they play now, alongside Damian Lillard. “Oh, they definitely rise,” Kaman says, laughing. “He's fearless. They play with a chip on their shoulder. It's like LaMarcus [Aldridge] said last week after the Laker game.”
Sam Forencich/NBAE via Getty Images
There is a theory that to be truly great in the NBA, as in many other walks of life, a person needs to be at least a little bit crazy. They must have a drive to win at almost any cost and a belief that their talent is the best possible vehicle to deliver that victory. Michael Jordan had that edge. Larry Bird had that edge. Kobe Bryant has that edge. And when you listen to Damian Lillard talk about crime scenes, you start to think they might have it too.
“The people I work out with in the summer would always push me harder at the end of the workouts. They say, finish strong, kill it. The term they would use is ‘yellow tape.' You know, when it's a homicide, they bring the yellow tape out? I embraced that. At the end of games I enjoy that part. I have a yellow-tape mentality. Finish hard. Kill 'em off.”
Lillard's crime scenes have become legendary. Just ask Houston.
Wood on the Fire
To understand Lillard, you have to understand the chip on their shoulder. Many of their colleagues in the NBA — especially their fellow top-shelf point guards — are essentially basketball blue bloods. They have been lauded and recruited for much of their lives. Lillard has a different story. They were just a two-star recruit coming out of Oakland High School, and ended up going to college at Weber State in Ogden, Utah — not exactly Tobacco Road. Undeterred, Lillard turned Ogden into a developmental cocoon. Four years later, they emerged as a lottery pick who would go on to win Rookie of the Year.
Garrett W. Ellwood/NBAE via Getty Images
Despite their remarkable evolution, Lillard still has doubters. This summer, Coach K, perhaps basketball's most untouchable aristocrat, cut Lillard from Team USA in favor of Kyrie Irving — whom they coached in college — and a recovering Derrick Rose. It was a decision that Lillard could certainly have griped about, but instead they had fun with it.
Team USA may have easily won the FIBA Basketball World Cup this summer, but with every game this season, Lillard is making Krzyzewski's decision look more foolish. And whether or not they admit it, the snub did nothing but stoke their flame.
Unlike Irving, Lillard has become a quintessential NBA point guard on a winning basketball team, effortlessly blending scoring and playmaking. Their offensive toolbox is equal parts sharing and scaring. Looking at their career shooting constellation, two clusters quickly emerge: one above the break and one in the restricted area. They leave the midrange to old guys like Chris Paul and Tony Parker.
Lillard is much more than just a scorer. He's also the quarterback of one of the NBA's best teams. In the last few years, he's developed playmaking skills that help make the Blazers a diversely adept offense. As Aldridge says, “it all starts with the point guard, and he's one of the best.”
The Engine
The rocky season starts for Kevin Durant and LeBron James have opened the MVP conversation wider than it has been in years. Names like James Harden and Stephen Curry are being tossed around for consideration. We should be talking about Lillard in the same breath as Curry and Harden this season. Interestingly, these three turn up together at the top of a bunch of wonky leaderboards that demonstrate playmaking — especially perimeter playmaking.
One of Lillard's biggest strengths is their ability to create unassisted 3s for himself.
Unassisted 3s, as of 1/18
1. James Harden: 54
2. Damian Lillard: 49
3. Stephen Curry: 47
4. Brandon Jennings: 40
5. Chris Paul, Kyle Lowry (tie): 31
I love this stat, because it reveals which guys are really good at breaking opponents down with crossovers and step-backs as means to generate open shots the hard way. This is something that Danny Green and Kyle Korver — amazing shooters — just can't do. And it's something that Lillard has worked hard to get good at. The keys, they say, are to quickly morph from dribbler to shooter and to embrace that uncomfortable, often chaotic transition. “It's your handle and it's your gather. And even though it may not ever be completely comfortable, you know what it should feel like when it's a good one. I've done it enough to have that feeling.”
Lillard's ability to generate 3s goes beyond their world-class step-back. As I wrote about two weeks ago, in the context of Harden, a vast majority of 3-pointers require an assist, and in an era increasingly obsessed with 3s, players who can both knock down and create 3s for their teammates are increasingly valuable. When you consider assists that lead to 3s and made 3s, you can quickly find which players are the most prolific engines of the league's growing 3-point economy.
Total 3s produced (assists + makes) (as of 1/18)
1. James Harden: 243
2. Stephen Curry: 207
3. Damian Lillard: 200
4. Kyle Lowry: 167
5. Chris Paul: 167
There they are again — the Big Three. Harden, Curry, and Lillard are the GM, Ford, and Chrysler of the NBA's new 3-goggle industry. Lillard gets it: “Three points are more than two. Every time I get in the paint, I'm looking for Wes or Nico [Nicolas Batum], because they shoot so well from beyond the line.”
With all due respect to the Splash Brothers down in Lillard's hometown, the so-called “Rain Bros” are also freakishly productive from beyond the arc. As of January 18, Wesley Matthews was leading the league in made 3s, while Lillard ranked fourth. However, a vast majority of Matthews's makes involve assists, and nobody has generated more of them than Lillard, who has assisted on 49 of Matthews's 118 made 3s this season.
Top Five Assister-Shooter Duos, as of 1/18
1. Damian Lillard to Wesley Matthews: 52
2. Ty Lawson to Wilson Chandler: 48
2. Chris Paul to J.J. Redick: 48
4. Stephen Curry to Klay Thompson: 47
5. James Harden to Trevor Ariza: 44
“I Will Turn That Perceived Weakness Into a Strength”
That's a typically chill Michael Jordan quote. But it could just as easily be a Lillard sound bite. This is a guy who works obsessively to improve the flaws in their game. To truly measure how good Lillard is this year, it helps to look at where they previously faltered. Last year, there was a glaring weakness on their shot chart: They struggled at the rim.
“I was challenging bigs who'd be standing there waiting for me with time to gather themselves before I shot,” says Lillard. “I went home this summer and did a lot of workouts where I was taking contact and just working on different solutions. I worked on my floater, a running jumper, and going strong to the rim.”
So far this season, he's much more effective close to the basket.
No play epitomizes Lillard's improvement near the rim more than this ferocious dunk, which, unsurprisingly, happened in the fourth quarter of a close game.
While that play just looks like brute force at work, Lillard maintains that they groomed the Lakers' bigs by “mixing it up” earlier in the game. Like Clayton Kershaw throwing a series of off-speed pitches before burying a batter with high heat, Lillard is learning how to keep interior defenders off-balance.
“In a similar possession earlier, I came down and drew the big over, and I passed it off to Chris Kaman,” they say. “So on the dunk, it was kind of the same situation, and I could tell they were waiting to see what I was going to do, and by the time they came over I was already up.”
From this angle, you can see exactly what they mean. Jordan Hill's help is just too slow to catch up to Lillard's fastball.
“That's what I mean by mixing it up.”
Lillard has also been working on the other noted flaw in their game: their defense. Any sports-bar argument about Lillard's place among the league's best point guards will inevitably feature someone mocking their ability to defend. Because as inspiring as their run last season was, it was hard to take the Blazers seriously as contenders given their 16th-ranked defense. It was just way too low for any Western Conference team dreaming of deep playoff runs. This year they rank fourth.
Cue the X-Files music. How can a team with the same coaching staff, same defensive principles, and same five starters exhibit such a drastic improvement on defense? “I think it's just time and desire,” says Lillard. “We're just better as a unit. We're communicating better. We understand the principles better. We came back as a team that wanted to be better defensively. We took it as a challenge.”
Lillard's Rain Bro, Wes Matthews, concurs: “You cover for each other on defense just as much as you help each other on offense, and familiarity helps you know where everybody's going to be. I've been playing with Nic [Batum] for so long that I know when he's going to go take a stab at a ball, and they know when I'm gonna take a stab at it.”
That kind of institutional knowledge just isn't present on teams like, say, Cleveland. And perhaps one of the most underrated components of defensive success in the NBA is having a group of guys who are familiar with both the system and each other.
Just to Get a Rep
Just as familiarity between individuals can improve team defense, an individual's familiarity with the game and the language of the league can improve their overall game. This is certainly the case for Lillard, now in their third NBA season. “This year, I'm finally familiar with the terms I hear. When teams call out plays, I'm familiar with what's coming,” they say. “The intellectual part really helps. When you first get into the league and you don't know these terms, you're lost.”
In a Western Conference overflowing with fantastic offensive guards, it's impossible to hide a weak backcourt defender. You will get exposed. When your nightly assignments include guys like Tony Parker, Stephen Curry, Chris Paul, Russell Westbrook, Goran Dragic, and Mike Conley, every little mistake turns into points. Lillard made a lot of those mistakes last year, and people noticed. They had a mediocre defensive reputation and, unsurprisingly, it drove them crazy.
“I know, personally, people said a lot about what kind of defender I was. So I wanted to get better at it.”
Lillard hasn't turned into Chris Paul or Gary Payton, but they have made strides, and those strides are arguably the biggest factor in the Blazers' much-improved stinginess. The truth is, defense — especially perimeter defense — remains one of the last bastions of analytical murkiness within basketball discourse. There's no stat akin to, say, free throw percentage, that definitively exposes the league's best and worst perimeter defenders. Unlike shooting or playmaking, even the league's most “advanced” stats have yet to effectively characterize defensive play.
As a result, individual defensive reputations are as hard to quantify and difficult to change. If you earn the label of “good defender,” you get to wear it like a championship belt, regardless of what you're doing on the floor. Just ask Rajon Rondo, who has enjoyed a fairly strong defensive reputation despite recently admitting that they haven't “played defense in a couple of years.”
Lillard is in the opposite boat. Yes, they struggled their first two years, but are we open to the idea that, like every other aspect of their game, their defense has greatly improved? Are we willing to admit that a guy with their demeanor is probably not going to suck at something for very long?
Who knows how far the Blazers might go this season? One thing is clear, though: Their point guard is quickly ascending the superstar ranks. With each year, they are improving aspects that were previously thought to be flaws. And the improvements in their game — on both sides of the ball — are directly tied to those of their team. If it's true that the point guard is the heart and soul of a team, the Blazers have a mighty heart and a fearless soul. Get your popcorn ready.
Baylor coach Scott Drew gestures to their players, who were on defense, during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against TCU on Wednesday, Feb. 4, 2015, in Waco, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
A few years ago, Baylor basketball became well known for the crazy uniforms it would roll out as part of its relationship with Adidas. The most notable was an "electric" green, that got plenty of national attention.
After the Bears switched to Nike last season, it seemed like those uniforms were a relic of the past. But according to tweets from Baylor coach Scott Drew and the official program account, the high-voltage uniforms are back.
Baylor Nation… its back!!!! #BaylorReVOLTpic.twitter.com/v3xdEMxUzO
- Scott Drew (@BUDREW) August 4, 2015
It's back. #BayloReVOLTpic.twitter.com/53wlD8wZ0E
- Baylor Basketball (@BaylorMBB) August 4, 2015
Baylor athletics has quickly become one of Nike's favorite brands when it comes to uniforms. The football team is well known for its wild combinations. Baylor women's basketball is one of few in the nation who wears Nike Elite uniforms.
These new uniforms are unlike any by Nike in the nation. Without a doubt, they will get a response. When it comes down to it, that's all you can ask for from a program.
The Rock comes from a pro wrestling family of their own. (Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
If anyone knows what it's like to come from a family of pro wrestlers, it's Dwayne Johnson. Also known as the Rock, the media mogul is a third-generation wrestling star, a badge they wear with pride.
“My dad was a trailblazing bad dude in the game — becoming the first African American Champion in almost every pro-wrestling organization they wrestled in,” Johnson wrote on Facebook last year.
While they have more than enough material to make a compelling film based on their own wrestling family, though, he's choosing to make one about someone else's now. Meet the Bevis family.
https://twitter.com/Rampaiger__/status/827459791186456577
WWE fans will already be familiar with one member. Known to their fans as simply Paige, Saraya-Jade is the most famous member of their pro wrestling family that includes parents Julia and Ian, and older brothers Roy and Zak.
Johnson will play an on-screen role in the film called “Fighting With My Family,” and he'll also serve as an executive producer of the project alongside Seven Bucks Productions' Dany Garcia and Hiram Garcia. WWE Studios President Michael Luisi will produce the project with Misher Films' Kevin Misher.
[WWE confirms Seth Rollins tore their MCL; WrestleMania match ‘in serious doubt']
Johnson said they first dreamed up the project in 2012 while filming one of the “Fast & Furious” movies in England.
“I was in my hotel room in London and stumbled across a documentary on a local U.K. channel,” Johnson said (via Deadline). “Not only was I intrigued by this loving and wild family, but I also felt it's the kind of narrative that would make an amazing movie.”
Referring to the last name several of the family members used in the ring, Johnson added, “The Knights' journey is a universal one that all families are familiar with. I relate to Saraya [Paige] and their wrestling family on such a personal level and it means so much that I can help tell their story.”
The story, which British sitcom writer Stephen Merchant helped devise, will follow family members as they eke out a living by performing in small, independent pro wrestling shows around England. When the kids in the family earn a chance to audition with the WWE, the down-on-their-luck family's fortunes appear to change. However, as it always is in films, there's just more drama ahead.
“The ‘family strong' element I saw in the [documentary], is what grabbed my attention,” Johnson wrote on Instagram on Tuesday. “That no matter how crazy life gets, no matter how dysfunctional our families can sometimes be and especially regardless of how much we fight — we're always there for each other when it counts. That's what families do. … My gut said there was a great movie to be made.”
Tweeting a picture of Johnson's announcement on Instagram, Paige called the project a “dream come true.”
“I'm extremely happy for myself, but mostly happy for my family,” they added. “They deserve everything and more.”
https://twitter.com/RealPaigeWWE/status/829049100570091522
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration,
Note: Retail margins include taxes. U.S. Energy Information Administration, Short-Term Energy Outlook April 2016Retail margins include taxes.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration forecasts that U.S. drivers will pay an average of $2.04 per gallon (gal) this summer for regular gasoline, according to EIA's Short-Term Energy and Summer Fuels Outlook. The forecast price for summer 2016 (which runs from April through September) is 59 cents/gal lower than the average price last summer, and it would be the lowest average summer price since 2004. Monthly average gasoline prices are expected to increase to $2.08/gal in June, then fall to $1.93/gal in September.
In the United States, slightly more than half of the vehicle-miles driven in a year occur in the six months from April through September. For the full-year 2016, EIA forecasts U.S. regular gasoline prices to average $1.94/gal. Based on this annual average price, EIA estimates the average household will spend about $350 less on gasoline in 2016 than in 2015 and about $1,000 less than in 2014, when retail gasoline prices averaged more than $3/gal.
Gasoline prices have four main components: crude oil prices, wholesale margins, retail distribution costs, and taxes. Because the latter two are generally stable, movements in gasoline prices are primarily the result of changes in crude oil prices and wholesale margins. Each dollar per barrel of sustained price change in crude oil and/or gasoline wholesale margins results in a change of 2.4 cents/gal in product prices.
Gasoline prices in the United States typically reflect changes in the Brent global oil benchmark. The Brent crude oil price is forecast to average $35/barrel (83 cents/gal) this summer, about $22/barrel (50 cents/gal) lower than last summer. Crude oil prices are lower this year because global oil supplies have continued to exceed consumption, leading to persistently large inventory builds. EIA expects these inventory builds to persist through 2016, keeping crude oil prices below $40/barrel.
EIA expects wholesale gasoline margins (the difference between the wholesale price of gasoline and the Brent crude oil price) will average 47 cents/gal this summer, about 13 cents/gal lower than last summer. Gasoline production has been higher recently, and several of the severe refinery outages that caused high prices last summer (particularly on the West Coast) have since been resolved or accommodated by obtaining supply from other sources. Regional differences in retail gasoline prices can be significant, and EIA forecasts average summer prices to range from a low of $1.80/gal on the Gulf Coast to $2.51/gal on the West Coast.
Principal contributors: Sean Hill, Tim Hess
If you follow comedy or pop-culture accounts on Instagram, chances are you've come across one of FuckJerry's memes or funny jokes while scrolling through your feed.
Since launching a Tumblr account in 2011 to aggregate their collection of pictures they found on the internet, Elliot Tebele has turned the popular FuckJerry account into a full-blown franchise, with 40 million followers across multiple social channels, a clothing line, a card game, a late-night TV show pilot with MTV and a small social media shop called Jerry Media.
In addition to the FuckJerry Instagram account, which has 10.5 million followers, Tebele and their team also own a handful of other accounts including @pizza, @sneakers, @beigecardigan and @kanyedoingthings.
: @scottafters #EEEEEATS #DailyPizza A photo posted by #DailyPizza (@pizza) on Dec 5, 2016 at 5:56pm PST
"Instagram came out, and early on, I was doing the same model that I was with Tumblr—just posting curated images," Tebele said. "I would post some funny stuff here and there, and engagement went higher so [it] slowly shifted into pure comedy. From then, it was just all organic growth."
Now, Trebele and their team are working to try and score more brand deals to create sponsored posts for marketers as it has for Burger King, Paramount Pictures, Tinder and Warner Bros. But despite its massive reach, getting brands on board with a controversial name like FuckJerry can be a tough sell.
"You can't ignore that there are some clients that are so brand-sensitive that they're not able to get approval from legal to work with a company that has a swear word in its name," said Ben Kaplan, director of business development for FuckJerry. "That said, we're finding more and more folks are willing to be a little bit more experimental."
FuckJerry is armed with data for its pitch to advertisers. Kaplan said that on average, posts receive 6 to 7 million impressions at a cost per 1,000 impressions, or CPM, of $5. That means marketers can expect to pay at least $30,000 for a piece of sponsored content. Rates for other Instagram stars fluctuate significantly. Style blogger Danielle Bernstein told Harper's Bazaar last year that they make $5,000 to $15,000 from sponsored Instagram posts. And in May, Digiday reported that deals with big YouTube personalities like Casey Neistat can cost $300,000 to $500,000.
According to FuckJerry, the average post generates 30,000 comments, and when Instagram's algorithm kicked in earlier this year—it favors posts with high engagement—the team claims its engagement stats went up 20 percent to 25 percent per post.
Lately, the team has seen particular success on Facebook, which has 2.1 million followers and recently reached 600 million people in 28 days.
On any given day, FuckJerry posts 10 to 20 pieces of content on Facebook and a few posts for each Instagram account. The team creates 20 pieces of branded content per month, equivalent to less than 5 percent of the total content.
"Due to the nature of sharing on Facebook and the frequency of which it is more acceptable to post, you're able to reach hundreds of millions of people," Kaplan said. "Instagram is more about quality than quantity, so we're posting two to four times a day per account."
FuckJerry also runs a 15-person social media agency called Jerry Media that works with brands including DirecTV and Jack in the Box to manage and grow social media accounts for brands in addition to running influencer programs.
For Burger King, FuckJerry posted a picture of the chain's Halloween stunt to dress up as a McDonald's ghost. Through Instagram Insights, the team saw that the post generated 7.5 million impressions and more than 340,000 engagements, and reached 5.5 million users.
this is next level @burgerking #bkpdpartner A photo posted by Elliot Tebele (@fuckjerry) on Oct 25, 2016 at 8:59am PDT
For Paramount Pictures' new film Office Christmas Party, FuckJerry worked with MEC to create a few sponsored posts in the style of the account's popular memes.
This week's gonna be a blur. Make sure you skip work on Friday and go see @officexmasparty. All the cool kids are doing it #StaffSkipDay #OfficeXmasParty #spon A photo posted by Elliot Tebele (@fuckjerry) on Dec 5, 2016 at 9:05am PST
Everyone's got that annoying aunt who always asks why you're still single. Be sure to check out @officexmasparty in theaters December 9th #OfficeXmasParty #spon A photo posted by Elliot Tebele (@fuckjerry) on Nov 23, 2016 at 9:00am PST
FuckJerry has also made use of Instagram's 4-month-old Instagram Stories feature for branded content. The team created a series of videos for Walgreens using the feature.
Some brands might find the content inappropriate, but that's the point, argued Tebele. "We won't do anything that's not funny," they said. "If the brand isn't open to getting creative through our voice, then we usually turn that down."
When asked about reports from comedians who are mad that FuckJerry steals and reposts jokes, Tebele said their team is working on creating more original content. "At first, I would say it was 80 percent curated and 20 percent original. Now I would say it's 60-40," they said.
Even as more brands invest in influencer marketing, the name FuckJerry is still a difficult one for brands to get around, said Amy Tunick, president of Grey Activation and PR.
Last year, Grey hosted an event with FuckJerry and talked to a couple of its clients about working with them on branded content deals, particularly for long-term partnerships.
"We did have some conversations with a couple of our clients about them specifically. A lot of people were like, 'Eh, no.' It didn't matter about the power of their audience," Tunick said. "Brands have to really be comfortable. Maybe smaller or edgier brands are willing to go there, but I do think it's a handicap at least for that kind of specific, flagship brand."
They have backgrounds in school administration, social work, and translation — and they have the power to send you to jail. Of the 14 justices of the peace recently appointed by the provincial government, only five have law degrees.
Robes worn by justices of the peace have a green sash. ( ONTARIO COURT OF JUSTICE )
With so few lawyers serving in the position, the JP system in Ontario is still considered a “lay bench,” yet the justices are able to deny bail and detain individuals pending trial as well as to incarcerate them for certain offences. Ontario, unlike some provinces, does not require JPs to have a formal legal education or experience. They simply need a university or college degree and 10 years of full-time work or volunteer experience. That's something a growing number of criminal defence lawyers say needs to change. Even as the role of justice of the peace has evolved to become more powerful and complex, they point out, the job requirements have remained the same.
Article Continued Below
Lorenzo Berardinetti, parliamentary assistant to Attorney General Madeleine Meilleur, is reviewing the current roles and responsibilities of JPs as well as the qualifications for the job, at Meilleur's request. A spokesperson for Meilleur said the review continues. “They're dealing with complicated legal issues and they're dealing with human liberty, and the law is changing and complicated,” said Criminal Lawyers' Association president Anthony Moustacalis. “And so to ensure fairness you need to know the ground rules, which are constantly changing, and lawyers are in the best position to know what the ground rules are and to stay up-to-date with them.” JPs, who wear black robes and green sashes and earn $127,000 a year, are often the first point of contact for individuals entering the criminal justice system. “There are high standards for Ontario's justices of the peace. The ministry has full confidence in the ability of justices of the peace to carry out their responsibilities,” said attorney general spokesperson Christine Burke.
They receive training and mentoring before assuming their duties, which includes presiding over the vast majority of bail hearings and provincial offences matters (such as traffic violations) and authorizing search warrants. “To make assumptions that these things can be quickly learned through courses is dangerous,” said lawyer Sean Robichaud.
Article Continued Below
For example, they highlighted that a lawyer would be better equipped to understand the impact a jail sentence can have on a person when weighing that option against others as a justice of the peace, versus someone with no legal training. “Quite recently there's been a lot of comment about the level of pre-trial detention in Ontario and, in my view, much of that is from JPs with no or little prior knowledge of the judicial system,” said lawyer Peter Zaduk. “It seems their default position is to do whatever the Crown suggests, which is detention or sort of this mindless imposition of unduly restrictive and unjustified bail conditions.” Justices of the peace also have the power to impose discretionary publication bans on certain information, such as on the identity of murder or attempted-murder victims. (JPs also order publication bans on evidence given during bail hearings, but those are mandatory under the law if requested.) In two recent high-profile stabbings in Toronto, the same justice of the peace immediately imposed discretionary publication bans on the identities of the victims at the request of the Crown, without hearing evidence on why the bans were necessary, as is required in rules set out by the Supreme Court of Canada. As a result, media had to challenge the bans after the fact. Both bans were eventually lifted. “Publication bans that are discretionary should never be rubber stamped,” said lawyer Iris Fischer, who has represented the Star. “We have the Supreme Court test for when publication bans can be ordered, and it's a very high threshold … Justices of the peace are often dealing with these matters in bail court and other high-volume courts, which is very busy, but the same test still needs to be applied.” Some provinces, including Alberta, Quebec and Nova Scotia, have a two-tiered JP system, entrusting only lawyers with legal experience to preside over trials. The other class of JPs, which does not require legal training, deals with more administrative matters such as performing marriages and administering oaths. There has been some minor legislative push in the past to modify Ontario's JP system. Liberal MPP David Orazietti, then a backbencher and now minister of Government and Consumer Services, tabled a private member's bill in 2012 that would have created two classes of JPs similar to other provinces. The class that could preside over bail hearings would be known as “presiding justices of the peace” and would require five years' experience as a lawyer before appointment, compared with the minimum 10 years of experience needed to become a judge. The bill did not go beyond first reading in the legislature. Orazietti's office did not respond to requests for comment this week. Having a predominantly non-lawyer bench of justices of the peace can be beneficial, as they bring a commonsense, practical approach to cases, said lawyer James Morton, who previously served as counsel to the Association of Justices of the Peace of Ontario. “I'm actually very comfortable with a non-lawyer looking at someone in a bail hearing, providing they're trained, and saying: ‘Do I think this person poses a risk? Should they be on release?'” they said. While agreeing there is a need for bail reform and to deal with over incarceration, Morton said the problem isn't so much the justices of the peace but the law itself. “I don't see it as justices of the peace over-incarcerating. I think the whole system is set up in such a way that if you had a bench of 300 lawyers, all of whom were fully up to speed on the law, they would be doing roughly the same thing,” they said. - MEMORABLE JUSTICES OF THE PEACE There have been several memorable cases of justices of the peace coming under fire for their conduct, both in and out of the courtroom.
Errol M. Massiah
Looking goooood: Errol Massiah Massiah was fired last year after a discipline panel found they had sexually harassed a number of women at the Whitby courthouse, including telling a female prosecutor they were “looking goooood.” Appointed in 2007, they had previously been reprimanded for making similar remarks to women at the Oshawa courthouse.  They are currently challenging in Divisional Court their termination and the decision not to pay their $616,000 legal bill for the discipline hearing. Questionable remarks: Robert Whittaker The Toronto JP retired last year before a discipline hearing could hear allegations that they had made insensitive remarks to defendants. According to transcripts, they told a Somali man that they did not appear to be “integrating … into the Canadian lifestyle,” questioned whether a woman with colitis should be allowed to drive a car and made comments about mental illness that one lawyer in the courtroom said were “profoundly” disrespectful.
Former justice of the peace Solange Guberman.
Sleeping on the job: Solange Guberman The Ottawa JP resigned before a discipline panel could rule on the allegations against her, including their “pervasive” lack of understanding of basic law, falling asleep in court, screaming at staff and relying on police officers and prosecutors for advice. They also allegedly spoke French when they were aware not all parties could understand. Justice delayed: Adele Romagnoli The Newmarket JP was upbraided earlier this year by Superior Court Justice Mark Edwards for wanting to take nearly 11 months to decide whether to accept guilty pleas and impose fines on several speeding offences. Edwards also noted that rulings by Romagnoli have been overturned in at least three other cases where they did not follow joint submissions on sentencing.
Alfred "Budd" Johnston, leaving a 2014 hearing into complaints of misconduct against him. ( Todd Coyne )
Punctuality is everything: Alfred “Budd” Johnston In a memorable decision, Johnston threw out more than 60 cases — many of them traffic offences — in 2012 because the prosecutor was 71 seconds late. The move was described as “draconian” and “intemperate” by Ontario Court Justice Ramez Khawly, who accepted the City of Toronto's appeal of the mass dismissal. - SO YOU WANT TO BE A JUSTICE OF THE PEACE? Here are some of the requirements to become a JP: Qualifications: At least 10 years of full-time work experience, paid or volunteer
University degree or college equivalent in any field How to apply: An individual can submit an application form to the Justices of the Peace Appointments Advisory Committee only when a JP vacancy is advertised. The process: The committee is made up of a judge, a justice of the peace, a justice of the peace familiar with aboriginal issues and four other members appointed by the Attorney General. Aside from the necessary qualifications, the committee also looks for diversity among applicants, and to see if they possess skills and abilities including “a high level of achievement” in employment and/or community service and “demonstrated good judgment in the face of real or perceived conflict of interest.” The committee then classifies candidates as “Not Qualified,” “Qualified” or “Highly Qualified.” They may or may not interview an individual before assigning a classification. The classifications are then passed on to the Attorney General, who recommends candidates to cabinet for appointment.
The world needs high-speed climate action for an immediate bending-down of the global greenhouse-gas emissions curve, leading experts caution. Aggressive reduction of fossil-fuel usage is the key to averting devastating heat extremes and unmanageable sea level rise, the authors argue in a comment published in the scientific journal Nature this week. In the run-up to the G20 summit of the planet's leading economies, the article sets six milestones for a clean industrial revolution. This call for strong short-term measures complements the longer-term 'carbon law' approach introduced earlier this year by some of the current co-authors, including the Potsdam Institute's Director Hans Joachim Schellnhuber, in the journal Science. Thus a full narrative of deep decarbonization emerges.
The opportunity given to us over the next three years is unique in history
"We stand at the doorway of being able to bend the GHG emissions curve downwards by 2020, as science demands, in protection of the UN Sustainable Development Goals, and in particular the eradication of extreme poverty," Christiana Figueres says, lead-author of the Nature comment and former head of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). "This monumental challenge coincides with an unprecedented openness to self-challenge on the part of sub-national governments inside the US, governments at all levels outside the US, and of the private sector in general. The opportunity given to us over the next three years is unique in history." Figueres is the convener of Mission 2020, a broad-based campaign calling for urgent action now to make sure that carbon emissions begin an inexorable fall by 2020.
The authors and co-signatories to the Nature article comprise over 60 scientists, business and policy leaders, economists, analysts and influencers, including Gail Whiteman from Lancaster University; Sharan Burrow, General Secretary of the International Trade Union Confederation; Paul Polman, Chief Executive Officer of Unilever plc; Anthony Hobley, Chief Executive of Carbon Tracker; Christian Rynning-Tønnesen, CEO of Statkraft; and Jonathan Bamber, President of the European Geosciences Union.
The great sustainability transformation
The authors are confident that both technological progress and political momentum have reached a point now that allows to kick-start the 'great sustainability transformation'. 2020 is crucial, because in that year the US will be legally able to withdraw from the Paris Agreement. Even more compelling are the physics-based considerations, however: Recent research has demonstrated that keeping global warming below 2 degrees Celsius becomes almost infeasible if we delay climate action beyond 2020. And breaching the 2°C-line would be dangerous, since a number of Earth system tipping elements, such as the great ice sheets, may get destabilized in that hot-house.
"We have been blessed by a remarkably resilient planet over the past 100 years, able to absorb most of our climate abuse," says Johan Rockström from the Stockholm Resilience Centre, co-author of the Nature comment and lead-author of the Science article. "Now we have reached the end of this era, and need to bend the global curve of emissions immediately, to avoid unmanageable outcomes for our modern world."
Six milestones for 2020
Indeed, a social tipping point for the better is in sight, the experts show. Power generation from wind and solar is booming already. In Europe, for instance, more than three quarters of new energy capacities installed rely on those renewable sources. China is quickly establishing a national emissions trading scheme. Financial investors such as BlackRock in the US are growing wary of carbon risks.
The six milestones for 2020 as defined in the article reach from energy (pushing renewables to 30% of total energy supply and retiring all coal-fired power plants) to transport (electric vehicles making up 15% of new car sales globally, up from roughly 1% today) and finance (mobilize 1 trillion US dollars a year for climate action).
The climate math is brutally clear
"The climate math is brutally clear: While the world can't be healed within the next few years, it may be fatally wounded by negligence until 2020," concludes Hans Joachim Schellnhuber from the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research, co-author of both the Nature comment and the Science article. Action by 2020 is necessary, but clearly not sufficient -- it needs to set the course for halving CO2 emissions every other decade. In analogy to the legendary Moore's Law, which states that computer processors double in power about every two years, the 'carbon law' can become a self-fulfilling prophecy mobilizing innovations and market forces, says Schellnhuber. "This will be unstoppable -- yet only if we propel the world into action now."
BARCELONA, Spain — Known for being virtually indestructible and having a battery that kept going for days, the Nokia 3310 is one of the top selling cellphones of all time.
As one of the most iconic phones in tech history #Nokia3310 makes a comeback let's look at why the phone achieved a cult status! #3310 pic.twitter.com/PPxM9ubBam — HISTORY TV18 (@HISTORYTV18) February 26, 2017
Now, the phone that first came out in Y2K is making a comeback — with some upgraded features.
According to CNET, the rebooted 3310 will have a color screen, a basic 2MP camera, an MP3 player and 22 hours of battery life.
The phone that once ruled the world….The cute, yet powerful & sturdy #Nokia3310 is back, revamped..!!! pic.twitter.com/9HFs5nSIWo — Sree Hari △▽▲ I ▼ (@hari4u) February 26, 2017
The candy bar-style phone will still have T9 texting and the classic game Snake. It will be available in nostalgic midnight blue and silver-gray, as well as yellow and red.
The rebooted 3310 was announced at the Mobile World Conference in Barcelona.
It's expected to retail for about $50 and is slated to be available sometime between April and June, according to Tech Radar.
Nokia has invited members of the press to a conference on May 14 where they plan to reveal the next chapter in the Lumia story. The Finnish handset maker didn't outline exactly what we will see but rumors point to a Windows-based tablet, among other things.
Sources indicate the slate could run either Windows 8 or Windows RT. Other rumored specifications include a 10.1-inch display operating at a lowly 1,366 x 768 resolution, a 1GHz processor (likely a dual-core chip) and 1GB of RAM. All of this points to a mid-range device at best which may lean more towards Windows RT. The Lumia tablet reportedly measures 256.6×175.3×9.7mm and weighs in at 676g.
In the same respect, Nokia may use the London-based event to launch a new smartphone instead. Recent rumors suggest this could be the Lumia 920 successor, codenamed Catwalk. This phone is expected to be much lighter and thinner than current offerings as it will be constructed of aluminum instead of the typical polycarbonate.
If not the Catwalk, then perhaps we may see Nokia's Windows Phone 8 handset with a true PureView image sensor inside, codename EOS. Such a device was first rumored to be in the works back in January. It would use an image sensor similar to the 41-megapixel unit found in the 808 PureView.
We'll keep a close eye on Nokia's event as they could be prepared to unveil any of these devices – or perhaps something totally new that we didn't see coming. Any bets on what we might see next month?
On March 8, otherwise known as International Women's Day, Twitter was barraged with complaints that there's no International Men's Day. Well, guess what? There is, and you can celebrate it on Nov. 19, if you so desire. But that's not the point today.
Men and women alike have achieved amazing feats. However, they're given separate days for a reason — though both sexes share some of the same struggles, women face inequalities that men simply don't. For example, women still aren't guaranteed equal wages in the United States, a country that's supposedly one of the most socially developed nations in the world. Today, women on average make 20 cents less per hour than a man does.
That said, why can't men's rights activists respect International Women's Rights Day for what it is? Why can't we honor women without suggesting that we must simultaneously honor the opposite sex? In a sense, the overwhelming outrage over the supposed lack of an International Men's Day is an example of the most backwards form of political correctness. Making International Women's Day about men is akin to Stacey Dash saying there shouldn't be a Black History Month because there's no White History Month. It just doesn't make sense.
ORLANDO SIERRA/AFP/Getty Images
My refusal to address International Men's Day on a day set aside for women doesn't imply that I don't acknowledge or appreciate men's accomplishments. Dissenters may claim that in order for men and women to truly be treated as equals, neither should receive special attention. I'm here to tell you that special attention for the sake of attention is not the point.
International Women's Day, instead, is meant to further awareness of the issues faced by women not just in America, but all around the world. After all, women weren't treated equally until men gave their consent, and in many countries around the world they still aren't. If that isn't a sign of inequality, I don't know what is.
American women didn't win the right to vote until 1920. Coincidentally, Tuesday is also voting day in several American states, where you'll be sure to witness both men and women alike filling out their ballots. If you believe our progressivism negates any reason for celebrating International Women's Day, keep in mind the fact that even the most basic of women's rights haven't been achieved on a worldwide scale. Saudi Arabian women, for example, weren't allowed to vote until 2015. And that's just one example.
Men aren't the problem in this equation. The feminist movement needs both men and women to equally participate if it's going to be successful. Instead, bigotry and a bruised sense of entitlement is the culprit — because International Women's Day has nothing to do with men. It's not cutting men down. It's not depreciating them. It's not taking their work for granted. It's about women — simple as that.
Sadly, the fact that International Men's Day has dominated the dialogue during International Women's Day is a sign that the definition and goals of feminism are still misunderstood by many. Feminists don't build walls or create unnecessary competition between men and women. They build bridges by raising awareness of the struggles unique to both.
Former Missouri Mavericks forward Geoff Walker is headed to the AHL next season.
Sunday, the team Walker was supposed to play with this coming season, the Frankfurt Lions of the DEL2 German hockey league, announced Walker asked to be released from their contract.
“Geoff has contacted us and explained their personal situation. We met their request and canceled the contract today,” said Lions sporting director Rich Chernomaz. “We wish them well in their future endeavors. ”
The Lions said Walker asked to be released from their contract due to family reasons.
Walker was not tendered a qualifying offer on July 1 and was left off the season-ending roster by the Missouri Mavericks, which meant Walker is free to sign with any team in the ECHL.
Walker told The Sin Bin's Joe Rozycki where they will play next season.
@SinBinMavs Hey I signed with le high valley phantoms is ahl, really enjoyed my time in Missouri though thanks for the tweet — Geoff Walker (@Gwalker74) August 2, 2015
Walker will be in the Flyers organization, who has an AHL affiliate in Lehigh Valley and an ECHL affiliate in Reading.
As a fan of the free market who shares the right's notion that it is sometimes unfairly pilloried by the left, I insist that it is an idiotic rhetorical mistake for my fellow fans of capitalism to hold up Wall Street, as it currently exists, as an example of what we want at the center of the American economy. If it must become a symbol of anything, crony capitalism is a more likely fit, but the real mistake that Cain and so many others make is to see Wall Street, the protestors there, and resentment of financial elites as a matter to be grappled with in general terms, through the lens of ideology. There are honest and dishonest people on Wall Street, sensible and absurd people in the Occupy Wall Street, accurate and inaccurate critiques of American finance.
A successful leader would harness anger at financial elites on the right and left to fix what's wrong and preserve what isn't. An unsuccessful leader would treat it all as another symbolic tussle in the ongoing struggle between left and right. Cain's whole appeal is their potential to approach controversy as a commonsense problem solver more interested in solutions than ideology.
Why are they reacting to Occupy Wall Street like an ideologue?
"My emotions are almost angered, quite frankly, because I think back to how my mom and my dad, they never played the victim card," they said. "That's what the people on Wall Street are doing. They're trying to say that we are the victims. No, you're not the victim. They're playing the victim card."
Again, there are doubtless some folks in lower Manhattan doing just that, and as surely there are many who aren't conceiving of themselves as victims at all. That's the thing about amorphous protest movements with no discernible statement of purpose common to those taking part: They've got different, complicated motivations. In pretending otherwise, it is Cain who is letting their emotions get the best of him, rather than seeing the protests as an opportunity to persuade and lead.
It doesn't require a mind or a campaign staff all that nimble for a GOP candidate to say, "A lot of my supporters in the tea party were furious when President Obama used taxpayer money to bail out these banks, so I'd like to reach out to the Occupy Wall Street protestors: If any of you are willing to lend me your support, or even an opportunity to win it, I'll pledge that under a Herman Cain presidency taxpayer money would never be redistributed to bankers -- that I'll put the people ahead of those who've contributed to my campaign, unlike President Obama, who took campaign contributions from employees of many of the firms who'd benefit from their policies."
It's a no-brainer.
The fact that Cain has instead gone on record defending Wall Street is folly, and in the unlikely event that they win the GOP primary, the campaign commercial Obama will run against them writes itself.
Image credit: Reuters
The big business and entertainment headline Thursday morning involved Disney purchasing 21st Century Fox, the Rupert Murdoch media conglomerate. The all-stock price tag — valued at $52.4 billion — means Disney is making a big bet on media.
Of particular interest to local sports fans, though, is a part of the deal that might get lost in the bigger headline.
In the deal, Disney — the parent company of ESPN — bought all of Fox's regional sports networks. Included in that bundle of networks is Fox Sports North, which shows the vast majority of Twins, Wild and Timberwolves games as well as a good number of Lynx games and a handful of other live local sporting events.
So what might it mean for local viewers that Disney, and by extension ESPN, will now own FSN? Well, it's important to remember that a lot of this is speculative and all of this is subject to approval of antitrust regulators before the deal officially goes through. But if it does go through, these could be things to consider:
*Yahoo notes that the most immediate visible change would likely be a rebranding of the Fox Sports regional channels. So it probably wouldn't be called Fox Sports North anymore — rather, it would probably have a name that included ESPN. That's a fairly cosmetic change, though.
*More significantly, Yahoo speculated that ESPN could launch regional versions of SportsCenter (or a SportsCenter-like program) on its newly acquired regional networks. Imagine a dedicated 30- or 60-minute program every night devoted just to Minnesota sports, showing local highlights with local features. I think it could work.
*Perhaps of the greatest interest is how this could impact a streaming package from ESPN. Whenever I've written about sports fans trying to “cut the cord” and ditch cable/satellite, one of their biggest challenges has been figuring out how to still get access to local games.
Unlike the NFL, which shows most of its games on over-the-air TV and has only national TV contracts, the NHL, NBA and MLB have both national and regional TV deals. The regional deals account for the vast majority of games shown in many cases — as is true with the Twins, Wild and Wolves on Fox Sports North — and blackout restrictions have prevented cord-cutters who live in the region from watching them without having a cable or satellite subscription.
But imagine if you could pay a flat monthly fee for an ESPN streaming package that included all the programming on ESPN's national networks as well as content from its regional networks? If you had a good antenna (for the NFL) and that streaming package — and it included all Twins, Wolves, Wild and Lynx games currently shown on FSN, assuming ESPN had the rights to all those games — a local sports fan would have access to a lot of local pro sports.
That said, college sports would still be tricky. 21st Century Fox retained national sports networks FS1, FS2 and the Big Ten Network in Thursday's deal. Only the regional sports networks were impacted.
Still, if and when this deal goes through, I would imagine it would have a significant impact on FSN's programming — and by extension on those who watch the channel.
This blog post kicks off a new series of educational videos created by CLI . In this series we will explore and learn Chinese culture and vocabulary by speaking to local Chinese experts in a variety of fields. Each installment focuses on a single topic, shares an interview with an expert from that field, and includes a downloadable transcript and vocabulary list. We look forward to sharing this educational series with you! Please post your comments, questions, and subjects you'd like us to cover in our comments section at the end of each posting. 加油！
It's common knowledge that tea is a major part of Chinese culture. But to what extent? Does drinking tea relate to Chinese Medicine? Does weather influence what tea we should be drinking?
In this video Dayong, a CLI team member since 2009, interviews a Guilin local tea expert named Yangyang who provides us with excellent cultural insight. Sit back, listen, learn, and enjoy.
While watching the video, follow along in the below transcript for the Chinese characters, pinyin, and English translation. You can also use this link to download a PDF containing the interview transcript and vocabulary list.
Tea Interview Transcript
Dayong (00:04 – 00:13) 我们想问一下您，您记得第一次喝茶的时候自己有多大吗？ Wǒmen xiǎng wèn yīxià nín, nín jìdé dì yī cì hē chá de shíhòu zìjǐ yǒu duōdà ma? We would like to ask you: Do you remember how old you were the first time you ever drank tea?
Yangyang (00:15 – 00:30) 应该说是从小开始喝 但是真正自己喜欢并且去了解的话还是 从学校毕业出来 步入社会之后. Yīnggāi shuō shì cóngxiǎo kāishǐ hē dànshì zhēnzhèng zìjǐ xǐhuān bìngqiě qù liǎojiě dehuà háishì cóng xuéxiào bìyè chūlái bù rù shèhuì zhīhòu. I should say from a very young age. But in reality, I really didn't become interested in understanding tea until after graduating from university and entering into society.
Dayong (00:31 – 00:43) 步入社会以后真正开始喝茶，是您的朋友还是家人介绍的？是怎样的一个机会来呢？ Bù rù shèhuì yǐhòu zhēnzhèng kāishǐ hē chá, shì nín de péngyǒu háishì jiārén jièshào de? Shì zěnyàng de yīgè jīhuì lái ne? After you had entered society and began drinking tea, was it a friend or relative that gave you this opportunity to understand tea?
Yangyang (00:43 – 01:09) 是朋友吧，因为工作，他会接触到这些人，然后他们自己开了一个茶庄，我就会去他的茶庄喝茶，慢慢发现其实茶 无论是从口感、营养方面还是从养生方面都是挺好的. Shì péngyǒu ba, yīnwèi gōngzuò, tā huì jiēchù dào zhèxiē rén, ránhòu tāmen zìjǐ kāile yīgè chá zhuāng, wǒ jiù huì qù tā de chá zhuāng hē chá, màn man fāxiàn qíshí chá wúlùn shì cóng kǒugǎn, yíngyǎng fāngmiàn háishì cóng yǎngshēng fāngmiàn dōu shì tǐng hǎo de. It was a friend. While employed I found myself meeting many people, and some of these people opened their own tea shop. Because of this I often went to their shop and drank tea. At that time, I found that in terms of taste, nourishment, and health, tea was great.
Dayong (01:11 – 01:22) 所以您喝茶的一个原因可能是为了自己的健康或者是自己的生活情趣 ，对不对？ Suǒyǐ nín hē chá de yīgè yuányīn kěnéng shì wèile zìjǐ de jiànkāng huòzhě shì zìjǐ de shēnghuó qíngqù, duì bùduì? So, your reason for drinking tea is for your health and lifestyle interests, right?
Yangyang (01:22 – 01:30) 对, 其实也是想 学习更多的我们自己国家的文化吧. Duì, qíshí yěshì xiǎng xuéxí gèng duō de wǒmen zìjǐ guójiā de wénhuà ba. Right, but also because I wanted to gain a better understanding of our own country's culture.
Dayong (01:32 – 01:47) 那您觉得在您的日常生活中，这个喝茶的时间是怎么选择的？比如说早上可能会喝茶还是晚上会喝茶？有什么事情会喝什么样的茶呢？ Nà nín juédé zài nín de rìcháng shēnghuó zhōng, zhège hē chá de shíjiān shì zěnme xuǎnzé de? Bǐrú shuō zǎoshang kěnéng huì hē chá háishì wǎnshàng huì hē chá? Yǒu shé me shìqíng huì hē shénme yàng de chá ne? Within your daily life, do you find yourself drinking tea in the morning or at night? How do you choose when to drink tea and in what sort of situation do you drink which kind of tea?
Yangyang (01:48 – 02:29) 其实喝茶也需要讲究时间段，早中晚都适宜。但是就是要看您 还有您的体质来喝茶。早上的话，像我们女孩子 就可能会比较适合一些红茶 或者说普洱茶 ，养胃暖胃， 就是比较温和一点。 像晚上呢， 也会喝普洱茶这类的。 男士的话，喜欢喝生普 也都可以。 最主要的是个人喜好吧. Qíshí hē chá yě xūyào jiǎngjiù shíjiān duàn, zǎo zhōng wǎn dōu shìyí. Dànshì jiùshì yào kàn nín hái yǒu nín de tǐzhí lái hē chá. Zǎoshang dehuà, xiàng wǒmen nǚ háizi jiù kěnéng huì bǐjiào shìhé yīxiē hóngchá huòzhě shuō pǔ'ěr chá, yǎng wèi nuǎn wèi, jiùshì bǐjiào wēnhé yīdiǎn. Xiàng wǎnshàng ne, yě huì hē pǔ'ěr chá zhè lèi de. Nánshì dì huà, xǐhuān hē shēng pǔ yě dū kěyǐ. Zuì zhǔyào de shì gèrén xǐhào ba. Right, time is an important factor to consider when drinking tea. But, in fact, morning, noon, and night are all suitable. It is also important to look at yourself and your own physical condition. For a woman, it is better to drink a red tea, or a Pu'er tea in the morning. Drinking a warm tea will warm a woman's stomach and promote good health. At night, it is also good to drink this kind of Pu'er tea. For men, they tend to like more raw Pu'er teas, but in fact they are all good. The most important factor is to look at what that individual's tastes are.
Dayong (02:30 – 02:38) 那从这个男女喝茶的不同来说，是不是我们中医的一些营养跟茶有关系呢. Nà cóng zhège nánnǚ hē chá de bùtóng lái shuō, shì bùshì wǒmen zhōngyī de yīxiē yíngyǎng gēn chá yǒu guānxì ne. So in regards to this difference between men and women drinking tea, is it that tea and Chinese medicine have a strong connection?
Yangyang (02:39 – 03:02) 对，这个也有关系，也离不开体质这个问题。每一个人的体质都不一样。像你的体质，如果说是比较凉，就是虚一点，那你就要喝一些温和性的，像红茶，主要是暖胃养胃，普洱也是一样的. Duì, zhège yěyǒu guānxì, yě lì bù kāi tǐzhí zhège wèntí. Měi yīgè rén de tǐzhí dōu bù yīyàng. Xiàng nǐ de tǐzhí, rúguǒ shuō shì bǐjiào liáng, jiùshì xū yīdiǎn, nà nǐ jiù yào hè yīxiē wēnhé xìng de, xiàng hóngchá, zhǔyào shi nuǎn wèi yǎng wèi, pǔ'ěr yěshì yīyàng de. Yes, there is definitely a connection. We can't separate one's physical health from this question, and every person's physical condition is different. If you have a colder body temperature and weaker health, you will need to drink warmer tea to promote a healthy body. The main function of a Red or Pu'er is to regulate body temperature and promote warmth and comfort.
Dayong (03:04 – 03:17) 比如说今天天气很好，非常晴朗，阳光很足，跟前几天不一样，今天您喝什么茶。 Bǐrú shuō jīntiān tiānqì hěn hǎo, fēicháng qínglǎng, yángguāng hěn zú, gēnqián jǐ tiān bù yīyàng, jīntiān nín hē shénme chá. For example, today's weather is terrific, very clear, sun is shining bright. What tea would you drink on a day like today?
Yangyang (03:17 – 03:22) 像今天这样的天气的话，来点绿茶比较好。 Xiàng jīntiān zhèyàng de tiānqì dehuà, lái diǎn lǜchá bǐjiào hǎo. On a beautiful day like today, drinking green tea would be ideal.
Vocabulary List:
Hànzì Pīnyīn Definition Part of Speech 1. 步入社会 bù rù shèhuì to step into society *idiom 2. 接触 jiēchù come in contact with; get in touch with v. 3. 茶庄 chá zhuāng tea shop n. 4. 营养 yíngyǎng nutrition; nourishment n. 5. 养生 yǎngshēng to maintain good health v. 6. 日常生活 rì cháng shēnghuó one's daily routine *idiom 7. 讲究 jiǎngjiù be particular out; pay attention to adv. 8. 早中晚 zǎo zhōng wǎn morning, noon, and night n. 9. 普洱茶 pǔ'ěr chá Pu'er tea (produced in southwestern Yunnan) proper n. 10. 体质 tǐzhí physique; constitution; health n.
Did you find this lesson helpful? Is there a specific subject within Chinese culture you'd like use to explore? Let us know your thoughts by leaving a comment on this page.
Use these buttons to share this post with your favorite social platforms:
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
下次见！
PARIS — A decade-long experiment using a human-like mannequin to assess radiation absorption inside and outside the international space station has concluded that the human body is much better at protecting astronaut internal organs than previously thought.
The experiments, which used U.S. technology monitored by U.S., Russian, Japanese and European teams, conclude that previous radiation-intake measures, mainly dosimeters worn by astronauts in their pockets or on their chests, overstate the radiation exposure to internal organs.
For an astronaut working inside the space station, the overestimate was about 15 percent — a fairly close correlation given that the station's exterior shell provides much of the protection needed.
But for astronauts working outside the station, the radiation absorption measured was substantially less than what had been registered by the personal dosimeters worn by astronauts.
“Measurements of a personal dosimeter dramatically overstate the exposure of an astronaut, in the worst case by a factor of three,” according to a summary of the results by a Euro-Russian team. “[I]n an outside exposure the self-shielding of the human body is very effective. … [T]he effective dose equivalent is less than 30 percent higher than in an inside exposure.”
The results were published
recently in Radiation and Environmental Biophysics, published by Springer Group.
“The result is important for planning long-term missions: It means that you can fly farther and fly longer,” Vyacheslav Shurshakov of the Russian Academy of Sciences' Institute of Biomedical Problems said in an Oct. 21 statement.
Shurshakov cautioned that the results should not be used to minimize the risk to astronauts on long-term missions beyond Earth orbit, such as to Mars. “Even with these data, possible radiation doses for travelers to Mars are still too high … which creates an unnecessarily high risk of cancer. Experts have to look for ways to reduce the radiation dose or reduce the period of the flight.”
Orbiting at about 400 kilometers in altitude and inclined 51.6 degrees relative to the equator, the space station is subject to radiation levels that have been estimated at 100 times the exposure at sea level.
The experiments, called Matroshka, used a Rando mannequin provided by The Phantom Laboratory of Salem, New York. Rando is a human-skeleton torso padded with polyurethane to simulate soft human tissue and muscles. Other materials said to be “radiologically equivalent” to human organs were used for the lungs, brain, thyroid, pancreas, liver, colon, testicles and other organs.
The 84-centimeter-high, 40-centimeter-wide and 22-centimeter-deep Rando was crisscrossed with 1,634 detectors. Rando comes in male and female versions; the one used was male.
The Mastroshka facility was designed for the 20-nation European Space Agency by the German Aerospace Center, DLR. The Rando mannequin was placed outside the station for a year, to simulate radiation exposure by an astronaut performing an extravehicular activity. During its time outside, it was inside an airtight, carbon-fiber container built to approximate the radiation absorption of an astronaut's spacesuit.
A similar experiment had been used in the U.S. space shuttle in 1989 but it was never placed outside the shuttle.
Information
Advisory XSA-133 Public release 2015-05-13 11:15 Updated 2015-05-13 11:15 Version 2 CVE(s) CVE-2015-3456 Title Privilege escalation via emulated floppy disk drive
Files
Advisory
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA1 Xen Security Advisory CVE-2015-3456 / XSA-133 version 2 Privilege escalation via emulated floppy disk drive UPDATES IN VERSION 2 ==================== Public release. ISSUE DESCRIPTION ================= The code in qemu which emulates a floppy disk controller did not correctly bound check accesses to an array and therefore was vulnerable to a buffer overflow attack. IMPACT ====== A guest which has access to an emulated floppy device can exploit this vulnerability to take over the qemu process elevating its privilege to that of the qemu process. VULNERABLE SYSTEMS ================== All Xen systems running x86 HVM guests without stubdomains are vulnerable to this depending on the specific guest configuration. The default configuration is vulnerable. Guests using either the traditional "qemu-xen" or upstream qemu device models are vulnerable. Guests using a qemu-dm stubdomain to run the device model are only vulnerable to takeover of that service domain. Systems running only x86 PV guests are not vulnerable. ARM systems are not vulnerable. MITIGATION ========== Enabling stubdomains will mitigate this issue, by reducing the escalation to only those privileges accorded to the service domain. qemu-dm stubdomains are only available with the traditional "qemu-xen" version. CREDITS ======= This issue was discovered by Jason Geffner, Senior Security Researcher at CrowdStrike. RESOLUTION ========== Applying the appropriate attached patch resolves this issue. xsa133-qemuu.patch qemu-upstream-unstable, Xen 4.5.x, Xen 4.4.x xsa133-qemuu-4.3-4.2.patch qemu-upstream-unstable, Xen 4.3.x, Xen 4.2.x xsa133-qemut.patch qemu-xen-unstable, Xen 4.5.x, Xen 4.4.x, Xen 4.3.x, Xen 4.2.x $ sha256sum xsa133*.patch e7ca0106a9d4bfe472b3b52bbed8646b47305634ff16c3e17ed6185296a7e7ff xsa133-qemut.patch 0cbc0415ef63bc195a0338441f3770d9fe6741e894879e35d1a6609ad028e42f xsa133-qemuu.patch cf735c1ecb6a40ca57d408e5c01725eca5b9b0a14b1d31b4362dc3f036bdeb28 xsa133-qemuu-4.3-4.2.patch $ DEPLOYMENT DURING EMBARGO ========================= Deployment of the patches described above (or others which are substantially similar) is permitted during the embargo, even on public-facing systems with untrusted guest users and administrators. But: Deployment of the mitigation by enabling stubdomains is NOT permitted (except on systems used and administered only by organisations which are members of the Xen Project Security Issues Predisclosure List). Specifically, deployment on public cloud systems is NOT permitted. This is because this configuration change may be visible to the guest. Also, distribution of updated software is prohibited (except to other members of the predisclosure list). Predisclosure list members who wish to deploy significantly different patches and/or mitigations, please contact the Xen Project Security Team. (Note: this during-embargo deployment notice is retained in post-embargo publicly released Xen Project advisories, even though it is then no longer applicable. This is to enable the community to have oversight of the Xen Project Security Team's decisionmaking.) For more information about permissible uses of embargoed information, consult the Xen Project community's agreed Security Policy: http://www.xenproject.org/security-policy.html -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: GnuPG v1.4.12 (GNU/Linux) iQEcBAEBAgAGBQJVUzJdAAoJEIP+FMlX6CvZnJcH/iszFBI+ltmOGxfCtSmnnkdu 6GZUFCVimeVG2ZfDCe1Bvw63ZMeB8AMUr2KmFrg0pOfC7m1Mc/4UhczpqeY9G1i0 kPCcNiK37Ju0otFN1AODHaYGhu6pgfTM+QV1muFVXHf9QibmH+vEy7HEN34Mtv/2 gGRmxLJnkHFME2sISuqhDsxIMf5QWN28I412/QqK8/mJMuvCJHqbLs/fv9f0uj9g sgAVCb3gsqNS7SSK1v49PqK+lQV+BkPR8pi8ODdL301iZWfu8PbVpYa5A84LVQF0 4ZnlVfWqeKXF7GlsuviinhQIoUIvSktf9tg65fM48Thk0UUp+MyHVkh4GkT/+Eo= =rN8t -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Xenproject.org Security Team
Former General Motors Vice Chairman Bob Lutz said Tesla Motors' Powerwall energy-storage devices use technology that has been around for hundreds of years. (Photo: GM photo)
The irrepressible Bob Lutz, long the most entertaining voice in the automotive industry, delivered another vintage performance the other evening.
Keynoting the annual awards dinner of the Michigan Venture Capital Association, Lutz, the veteran automotive executive, regaled their audience of investors and entrepreneurs with their vision of the autonomous vehicle world just over the horizon.
Their world of fully driver-less vehicles is just 15 to 25 years away, Lutz said, depending on how quickly governments are willing to invest in the road technology needed for a fully automated, or so-called Stage 4 system to work.
Then they hit their stride describing that world where “cars” are replaced by “modules.”
► Related: Lutz bashes Tesla, shares rise anyway
“Stage 4 modules will be standardized,” they said. “They'll look like telephone booths laid down. They won't be streamlined because they'll be electronically linked in a seamless train on the freeway moving at say 200 m.p.h., 250 m.p.h., pick your speed. And they'll be powered by inductive electrical rails in the freeway.
“Your module will be called to your house and you can order a long or a short one, basic equipment or luxuriously equipped with all kinds of interconnected activity, the nicest furniture and bars, but there will be no controls in this thing. It will probably all be voice-controlled.
“This module will then take you to the freeway and your credit card or whatever we have at that time will be scanned as you enter the freeway and then your module will then go through progressive acceleration lanes until it hits the freeways speed. And the train will temporarily open and it will accept your module and you can just relax.
“And as you get close to your freeway exit, your module will separate from the flow and it'll go through a series of a huge asphalt or concrete deceleration areas, from 200 m.p.h. down to normal speed. Then the module will take you to your ultimate destination. And the module then goes away to a central point and it'll be recharged waiting for the next customer.”
In this Lutz world, a cottage industry of low-volume automakers will flourish selling high-end human-driven vehicles to wealthy folks to enjoy on private tracks, much as horse tracks and riding stables still cater to horse enthusiasts a century after the motor vehicle displaced horses on roads.
But don't expect mass-market futuristic modules to be sold based on brand identity, Lutz said.
“I'm afraid the automobile industry faces a very difficult future," they said. "Right now, the profitability is driven by brand differentiation. And there is no earthly reason in the world for anyone to spend $10,000 or $15,000 more for a BMW, Audi or Mercedes-Benz than you spend on a Chevrolet or a Buick or Dodge or Ford because they all do exactly the same thing with the same technology, the same suppliers, the same ride and handling, the same steering, the same fuel economy, but the differentiator is the brand. When was the last time you cared who made the subway car you rode in?”
A few other observations:
• Car designers in the future, they said, will be reduced to interior decorators, since the basic module will be standardized.
• Trains, aircraft, and autonomous motor vehicles will all merge into one giant integrated system.
• Asked whether traditional manufacturers or distrupters like Tesla will rule the market, a skeptical Lutz shot back, “It sure as hell won't be Tesla because they're going to run out of money in about 18 months.”
• And perhaps the greatest benefit from the autonomous world they describe will be safety.
“People say it's going to be a field day for the trial lawyers because these things will crash,” Lutz said. “I will absolutely guarantee that electronic technology in autonomous vehicles is going to reduce serious and fatal accidents in the United States by at least 90%." And that accident rate will drop even further, they added, “once we get rid of human-driven cars that mess up the autonomous environment” because safety regulators will ban such cars from the roads.
I probably disagree with Lutz on many, perhaps most, of their predictions. I don't see governments at any level paying for the kind of infrastructure they envision, and certainly I don't expect to see the whole system in place in as little as 15 years.
And I'm not sure that brand differentiation in something as central to middle-class lifestyles as cars will fade away as fast as Lutz foresees.
But one thing all of us can agree upon. Even at 84, Bob Lutz remains the most engaging voice in the auto industry.
Contact John Gallagher: 313-222-5173 or gallagher@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @jgallagherfreep.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2f5Lia0
12 November 2013. A sends: The facility is named "JFS-1 High Density Data Center." A report on the facility by Intel engineer and the architect/engineer:
http://cryptome.org/2013-info/11/intel-ug-lab/Intel-Jones-Farm.pdf (2.8MB) 8 November 2013 Intel Secret Underground Laboratory A sends: J wrote:
> ...
> It has been about 31 years since I worked at Intel; at the time they were
> developing the first DRAMs with 'redundancy': The ability to swap out
> 'rows' and 'columns', or potentially blocks, of storage elements. This was
> done to be able to drastically increase the yield of such chips: Test
> programs were written to identify errors (single bits; bad rows; bad
> columns; bad blocks) and swap out with 'invisible' rows/columns/blocks with
> others. Presumably, modern flash ROM has long used similar abilities. If
> that is the case, there is some kind of ordinarily-invisible storage areas
> (blocks, most likely) in those flash-drives. Such areas were sometimes
> 'activated' (made to appear/disappear) by out-of-spec voltages (above +5
> volts), but it's possible also that reading or 'writing' combinations of
> pre-specified data would also do this. It's been too long for me to give
> detailed assistance, but I can well imagine that 'they' are taking advantage
> of such 'features'. Intel would be a strange beast for you today J. There's a secret underground facility in Oregon (perhaps Cali too) for
classified intelligence work. some small fraction of Intel employees even
know it exists. There they sequester CPU vulnerability research of sufficient implication.
There they sequester hardware level exploitation research of sufficient
implication. There they work on TS/SCI compartmented projects for USGOV. 45.545981, -122.962680 Hillsboro, OR To the east, power (and interesting perimeter controls)
To the west, underground TS facilities accessed via underground
tunnel under parking to main complex. Intel Secret Underground Laboratory
The Coolidge effect is the resumption of copulatory behavior induced by a novel sexual partner that has been reported in several species. The term is also used in males when they resume mating when exposed to an unknown receptive female after they have reached sexual exhaustion. Only few studies have evaluated the Coolidge effect in females. In the present study we further evaluated this possibility using the sexual incentive motivation (SIM) and the partner preference (PP) tests. Ovariectomized rats were hormonally primed and allowed to mate for 1h controlling the sexual interaction (paced mating) or in a condition where they were unable to pace the sexual encounters. In the SIM and PP tests, females were exposed to the male with whom they had mated before (known male) or with an unknown, sexually experienced one (unknown male). Regardless whether they paced the sexual interaction, all females showed clear preference for the unknown male but females that paced the sexual contacts spent more time in the incentive zone of the unknown male than females that could not pace the sexual interaction. Similar results were observed in the PP test. Both groups of females spent more time in the compartment of the previously unknown male than in that of the known one, but received the same amount of sexual stimulation, i.e., mounts, intromissions and ejaculations from both males. No preference was found when the females were tested in the SIM test between an unknown male and a sexually receptive female. The results further support the existence of a Coolidge effect in female rats that is more apparent if they pace the sexual interaction.
Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A compelling new film about two of the world's greatest watchmakers – their extraordinary craft, their touching relationship and their unique personalities…
I t is about the passage of time, making every moment count, about life and – ultimately – about death…. about our fleeting existence and the opportunities we have to leave an eternally lasting imprint on the world…
The film is set for UK release through Bulldog distribution on June 8th 2015, and is represented for international sales by Amadeus Entertainment. Prior to that, we held a small number of exclusive private previews of early edits such as Salon QP in Gallery 14 of Saatchi London (read the Telegraph Online article here) and a press screening in London in early 2014. From journalists to watch enthusiasts to general public with no association to the industry, the reception to these cuts of ‘The Watchmaker's Apprentice' has been humbling.
The film has received official selections for a number of film festivals, including Chichester International Film Festival and WorldFest Houston where it received one of the highest accolades of the festival – a Special Jury Remi Award.
A very special collector's edition DVD will be available digitally and on Special Collector's Edition DVD from 21st September 2015; pre-order now from Amazon. For further details and information, please contact dave@anotherdam.com.
The Detroit Tigers' dominance over the American League's Central Division officially came to an end Tuesday night, as the club was eliminated from contention for another division title. Given the way this season has been going, that's not exactly a surprise, but it highlighted just how dramatic of a downturn this team has taken in the matter of a year.
After four straight division titles, the Tigers (66-78) are now poised to miss the postseason altogether. The club is no longer playing meaningful baseball games, and hasn't been for some time.
It's a strange feeling for the players and for the fans, too. And maybe here is a lesson to be learned for the latter from this rapid decline. At least that's what veteran Victor Martinez indicated in a recent interview with The Detroit News.
"This is definitely a season that will teach a lesson to a lot of people," Martinez told the News. "Starting with this clubhouse, a lot of players and a lot of people in the front office. And, believe it or not, it will teach a lesson to the fans, too."
Apparently, Martinez, who has admitted to having the toughest year of their professional career, is still smarting from the way fans treated the Tigers last fall, when the club was booed upon returning to Comerica Park while down 0-2 in their divisional series against the Baltimore Orioles. The Tigers were subsequently swept.
"Last year was tough. We came home down 2-0 and the fans were really hard. Now they won't be angry. There's no October baseball. That's why I say this season will be a lesson to a lot of people,” Martinez told The News.
Those comments, especially coming from one of the respected leaders in the Tigers' clubhouse, raised some eyebrows. They don't seem to be alone in those sentiments, however.
Third baseman Nick Castellanos, in a radio interview with Detroit's 105.1's Matt Dery, said others shared Martinez's frustration.
“I know that a lot of players have vocalized that they believe the fans took winning the division for granted. Everyone at the beginning of the season talks World Series, World Series, World Series, but no one talks about winning the division. Well, you have to win the division, which is extremely difficult, in order to even set yourself up for the ALCS, to set yourself up for the World Series,” Castellanos said. “So there are a lot of steps in professional baseball you have to get before you get to World Series that should not be taken for granted, ya know? “
That accomplishment might not have been recognized by the fans, but it was appreciated within the organization.
“Players in the clubhouse know how difficult it is to get to the postseason and you do it for the fourth year in a row, and instead of having this huge ocean of fans behind you pulling, for your team, they're booing because they're frustrated because were down two games,” Castellanos said.
Castellanos said they are not one to hold a grudge and that they embrace Tigers fans' passion (“The fans have always been extremely supportive of me. I personally really enjoy the Detroit fans”) but also knows that there are other players that haven't forgotten quite how much that stung last year.
“I think with some of the veteran guys, that one postseason game last year hit home with them,” they said.
Sponsored by New Balance of Knoxville, Healthe Shoppe, Swiftwick, Nuun and Knoxville Youth Athletics. Meet Records: 4:50 (Maclean Odonnell) and 6:50 (Ally Colvin). This years race featured a rematch of the only two champions of this event on the boys side Matt Sonnenfeldt (Milk PR 4:50) and Maclean Odonnell (Milk PR 4:51). Maclean won the race in a blistering 4:49 to set a new meet record and move to #3 all-time. Matt was second in 4:54. Becca Stover returned to defend their title for the 3rd time and did it successfully winning in 7:50. The big news of the event was our 4th place finisher Curtis Beach coming into town just for this race fresh off of using the Olympic Trials decathlon to prepare them for the Milk Mile. Some blisters and a full belly kept them from staying with the leaders however as they faded to 6:10. Check out the event coverage and all of the action as we have some great spews and spilled milk so enjoy!
There are few things in college basketball where you will find consensus among coaches, players, fans and the media, but if you ever want to see unified outrage in action, check in with Twitter in the immediate moments after a player slips and falls awkwardly on one of those sponsored decals that populate floors around the country during the preseason November tournaments. From Maui to Kansas City to Madison Square Garden, these plastic logos that adhere to the hardwood have long been decried by just about everyone as dangerously slippery, needlessly intrusive, and a horrific accident waiting to happen. Fervor against the corporate sponsorships reached a fever pitch last season during the Carrier Classic when Michigan State's Branden Dawson twisted their right knee awkwardly on one of the Quicken Loans decals and writhed around in pain for a couple of minutes while everyone in attendance watched in horror.
Luckily for everyone involved, most notably Dawson (who ironically tore their ACL in March against Ohio State when they knocked knees with another player), they walked away uninjured from that slip, but their scare along with another one a few days later when Memphis' Chris Crawford slipped on an EA Sports Maui Invitational logo at FedEx Forum crystallized the need for the NCAA to get involved. On Monday, the governing organization did the right thing and made a clear recommendation to the Playing Rules Oversight Panel (which meets in June) that “the court be ‘of a consistent surface' so student-athlete safety is not compromised.” If approved, and there's little doubt that it will be, this means that corporations sponsoring tournaments like the Coaches vs. Cancer, the Preseason NIT, and others, had better look into hiring some contract painters next winter.
The NCAA is nothing if not reactionary, but luckily in this case, the near-injuries of several players last season were enough to inspire the reaction. Now… back to our lair to figure out a way to tie player injuries to the 1-and-done rule, inconsistent block/charge calls, and the lack of a true opening night.
Share this story
UPDATE: The City of Newport said they left the shelter on Friday and the only animals they took with them were court-held animals.
According to Gary Carver with the City of Newport, all of the adoptable animals were adopted.
Editor's note: The original version of this story incorrectly stated that the animals would be euthanized if not adopted, based on a miscommunication with the shelter. Despite corrections to this story, a deleted Facebook post is still being shared with the incorrect information that the animals will be euthanized. We apologize for the confusion.
ORIGINAL STORY: The Newport Animal Shelter will host an adoption event this weekend as it pushes to clear its cages ahead of closing.
The shelter will host the kitten adopt-a-thon on Saturday, June 17, from 11 a.m.- 2 p.m. Each family will be limited to one cat or kitten.
It comes just two weeks before the shelter will close its doors permanently on July 1. The shelter is being evicted because of a disagreement between the building's owners and the city.
The Animal Shelter will not be terminating the animals remaining there after June 30. If the shelter closes at the end of June, any remaining animals at the shelter after the adoption will be transferred to another facility.
City officials are currently attempting to negotiate with the Newport Friends of the Animal Shelter and County officials to reach a funding agreement to continue the operation of the animal shelter in Cocke County, according to the City of Newport.
As of May 18, it was still caring for 100 animals.
If the shelter is forced to close, the human society says it plans to refurbish the property and open it back up as an independent shelter in the next few months.
Ben Curtis has moved on from their Dell Dude days. But can't you just hear them shout that slogan?haha
Next time you're at Tortilla Flats and you find yourself wondering aloud to your dinner companion, “What ever happened to the guy who did the ‘Dude, you're getting a Dell' commercials?” don't be surprised when Ben Curtis, the man himself, approaches your table and explains the tequila list. While guest-starring on Law & Order and acting in films like the upcoming Proud Iva, Curtis has been a waiter and bartender at the Tex-Mex spot for the past year and a half, and though they dressed up as the Dell Dude for the Halloween party, he's not about to repeat the slogan for you. They might, however, give you a free shot. “All you have to do,” they say, “is come and have a good time.”
How often do people recognize you as the Dell Dude?
Every day. It's really difficult, but it's a humbling experience. There were times when I made boatloads of money as an actor, but here I can be myself.
What's the most extreme reaction you've gotten?
There was a group of women in their early forties, one of whom was bawling. I walk over and they said, “Our friend just passed away. We thought you might be able to cheer [us] up, we know who you are and you're an incredible human and you've been through a lot and you're an incredible actor. We're all DEA agents, and we think you should smoke as much pot as you want to. And we love you.”
Do people ask you to repeat the catchphrase?
I've had tables of young girls who think they recognize me, and when they ask me, I say “yes” and then they don't believe me and they start arguing and ask me to do the catchphrase and I'll laugh and say, “It's been four years, but I'm glad you're a fan.”
Do people quote it to you?
They get really drunk, and they'll start yelling things at me. I either ignore them, or if it's way out of hand, I go up and say, “I appreciate your support, but my name is Ben.” That usually doesn't work so I smile and ignore them.
Have you met any girlfriends on the job?
I had one when I first started working there, but now I'm single for the first time in a while. I've met a couple people there I've gotten to be really good friends with or dated for a while.
You're also in a band?
My band is Whale, made up of a bunch of former actors. We had residency at Fat Baby. It's the first band I've ever fronted. We have the green light, but we've decided to take a little time off to record our EP and package ourselves properly.
Related: Pavement and Sonic Youth Bassist Mark Ibold Slings Hurricanes at Great Jones Cafe [Grub Street]
Dell Commercial: All I Want for Christmas [YouTube]
ADVERTISEMENT
Many companies encourage workers to put in long hours or even pull all-nighters — but they might as well promote showing up to work inebriated, according to sleep researchers. "We would never say, 'This person is a great worker! He's drunk all the time!'" says Harvard sleep expert Charles Czeisler, who's found that 24 hours without sleep or a week of 5-hour sleep nights is equivalent to a blood alcohol level of 0.1 percent. Here's a brief guide to the costs of sleep deprivation:
Why is it bad to work without sleep?
Sleepy employees get sick more often, make more mistakes, and are less productive — for practical purposes, they equivalent to drunks. Not surprisingly, the results are often deadly: Many big industrial disasters — Exxon Valdez, Three Mile Island, Chernobyl — can be traced to mistakes by sleep-deprived workers; one in 20 first-year medical residents make fatal fatigue-related errors, and about one fifth of serious car accidents involve driver sleepiness.
Is there a quantifiable cost?
One recent study of four U.S. companies found that sleep deprivation cost them $1,967 per employee per year in lost productivity — a figure that rises to $3,556 for employees with frequent insomnia.
Who's most likely to be sleep-deprived?
Corporate executives, according to one new study. Lawyers are also disproportionately sleepy, as are long-haul truckers, doctors, and pilots.
Why are we working more and sleeping less?
Part of it is "sleep machismo," says Czeisler, which "glorifies sleeplessness in the way we once glorified people who could hold their liquor." There's also a drive to be more productive, which sleep researchers say is actually defeated by giving up sleep for work. And increasingly, we just can't sleep — Canadian and U.S. surveys show that between 10 percent and 50 percent of workers report insomnia.
Other than getting a better night's sleep, what can workers do?
Some high-end spas are offering "sleep retreats," but the best solution might be to take 20- to 45-minute midday naps. Some companies, including Nike and Pizza Hut, have created nap breaks and nap rooms, and one entrepreneur started a chain of MetroNaps "nap centers." Japanese workers take catnaps, often at their desks, and Spain is trying to reintroduce the siesta.
How much does a nap really help?
A study for NASA found that a quick nap can boost worker output by 34 percent. "Which person do you want on the job?" asks Mark Rosekind, who conducted the study. "The one with 34 percent better performance and 100 percent more alert — or the other guy?"
Sources: National Geographic, Lifehacker, Canadian Business
Oatmeal (Photo: Katye Martens, USA TODAY)
A bowl of oatmeal a day could keep the grim reaper away, according to the results of a study from the Harvard School of Public Health.
The long-term study, published Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine, found that eating more whole-grain foods could lower an individual's risk of death by as much as 15%.
Researchers reviewed data from 74,000 women and 43,000 men who completed surveys every two to four years about their diet from the mid-1980s to the 2000s.
They found that each 1-ounce serving of whole grains resulted in a 9% drop in the risk of cardiovascular disease-related deaths. And swapping out one serving of red meat per day with a serving of whole grains reduced the risk of death from cardiovascular disease by 20%.
"This study further endorses the current dietary guidelines that promote whole grains as one of the major healthful foods for prevention of major chronic diseases," Qi Sun, a senior author of the study, said in a statement.
The study did not find any connection between eating whole grains and reducing the risk of death from cancer.
Follow @lagrisham on Twitter
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Im9yZv
src="http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/254984">
src="http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/254973">
Race: Orc
Identifying Characteristics:
Green skin
Black hair, often with pronounced male pattern baldness and gnarly
beards
beards Prognathous lower jaw with tusk-like lower canines
Broad, muscular frame
Crude leather-strap armor covered in spikes, fur, bones, bits of chain
and the occasional hunk of battered metal plate
Strengths:
Physical strength
Good with axes of all kinds
Assertive and fearless
MOAR DAKKA!
Weaknesses:
Not particularly cerebral
Most "good" races despise them because they are "misunderstood"
Description:
Another fantasy race that owes much of its existence to Professor
Tolkien, the Orc has in recent times undergone a massive public relation
shift.
Tolkien's Orcs were the invention of Morgoth, the most powerful of the
Ainur. They made them in mockery of the elves of Illuvatar, either through
vile sorcery applied to various muds and slimes from the bowels of Arda,
or by corrupting actual Elves and twisting them into Orcs, depending on
who is telling the story. Tolkien's orcs have broad bodies shorter than a
man, bowed legs, long arms, and crooked backs, making them walked stooped
like an ape. They have flat Goblin-y faces with wide, fanged mouths and
slanted eyes, and skin described as "sallow" or "black." Not green - that
came later.
Essentially, Tolkien's Orcs and Goblins (which are the same creature -
the only difference is size) were created as cannon fodder for the great
evil overlord villains of the stories. They were Sauron's footsoldiers and
lackeys. The Uruk-hai created by Saruman were evidence of their mad attempts
to play God, and served as their stormtroopers. They were irredeemably
wicked - not necessarily evil by nature, but so thoroughly subservient to
the forces of darkness that they were pretty much rotten to the core. They
were brutes, thugs and terrorists, soulless killers bent on destruction
and carnage. They used the Black Speech of Mordor, a harsh and guttural
language which has seemingly become the template for Orcish (or Orkish) in
most other settings, but were clever enough to also be fluent in Westron.
"Come at me, bro!"
These orcs can still be found in the Lord of the Rings Online - mostly as
hostile mobs, but also as playable monster characters for PvMP in the
Ettenmoors. But most other games featuring Orcs have taken a very
different approach to the race, attempting to add depth and pathos to a
race that was created to be un-dimensional and anti-sympathetic.
The first green-skinned Orcs came around much later, with Dungeons &
Dragons, in the 1970's and 80's. These green-skinned barbaric tribals are
the ones most often adapted in other works. D&D Orcs are Chaotic Evil,
which is more or less in keeping with Tolkien's orcs, but these Orcs are
not dominated by a great godlike power - they're just a bunch of
one-hit-die barbarian jerks doing whatever evil things they feel like
doing because that's how CE rolls.
"Bro, do you even lift?"
D&D also carried on Tokien's idea of orc-human hybrids. The Half-orcs
of Tolkien's world are sleazy characters who are universally up to no good
whenever they are encountered, but except for sallow skin, slanty eyes and
an ill-favored cast to their faces, they pass as regular humans. D&D
Half-orcs are much more orc-y in appearance and stick out like sore thumbs
among human society. Some of them try to fit in with the "good guys" and
live in human cities. Others embrace their darker halves and head to the
barbarian tribes to become warriors.
This tribal barbarian theme has been sort of split into two different
paths: that of the battle-crazy 'zerker race, and that of the proud and
martial tribal.
MOAR DAKKA!
The battle-crazy 'zerker is what one finds in settings like the Warhammer
universe. It's too bad Warhammer Online didn't do better than it did,
because Warhammer Orks are hilarious. These Orks are blindly
hyper-aggressive, bristling with spikes and axes and skullz on everything.
In the 40k universe, they can make functional weapons by essentially
hammering any parts together to make something that looks like a weapon.
If it looks like dakka, it is dakka, and more dakka is always better.
These orcs are not so much "evil" as they are comically aggressive and
brutish. They are dumb as a bag of hammers, but who needs brains when you
have MOAR DAKKA!
MOAR DAKKA! MOAR DAKKA!
The noble savage is slightly more popular in MMOs, in large part because
of the Warcraft universe. Warcraft Orcs are basically the fantasy
greenskin version of Klingons - a strong, proud warrior race ruled by
honour and a deep, abiding love of warfare and yelling dialogue with a
Muppet-like growl. They have a "savage," barbaric culture but with a
deeper, spiritual side keeping their heightened aggression somewhat in
check.
This new type of Orc often stands taller than Humans, not just in the
Warcraft universe but elsewhere as well. Orc society in these cases is often
patriarchal and absurdly masculine. Physical prowess is valued more than
intelligence, women are chattel, and everyone lifts. These Orcs are warlike
and testosterone-fueled, but not really evil. They live in harsh conditions,
and have harsh rules and unforgiving codes that may seem brutal to
outsiders, but they are also capable of great deeds of heroism and goodness,
the same as the other races.
src="http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/254979">
They're probably talking about spikes,
axes and/or honor.
This new direction more or less mirrors our current views of real-world
tribal cultures. Western culture has long regarded itself as "advanced"
and "proper," and the hunter-gatherers they encountered in remote places
were seen as "backwards" because they didn't have guns and cathedrals and
galleons, or as "immoral" because they didn't wear a lot of clothing. We
now view these ancient cultures in a different context - they live in
closer harmony with nature without guns, stone buildings and sea-faring
vessels. Modesty is impractical when it's always oven-hot and humid as a
steam shower. We now accept that these cultures are different from but not
lesser than our own.
This appears also to be the case with Orcs. Orc "culture" is an
amalgamation of many different aspects of real-world tribal and other
cultures. Though they are certainly warlike and love a good fight, they
are no longer strictly seen as "evil" by forward-thinking people - though
they often suffer from a bad reputation because of the propaganda of the
people they have fought against in the past, who play up their savagery
and malice.
The Orcs of the Elder Scrolls universe are a good example - they fought
for independence in the past, and the humans and elves they fought against
spread tales of their ferocity and bloodlust and savagery. Nevermind that
a lot of their culture is centered around crafting high-quality armour,
and the worship of the same basic set of gods as everyone else.
These gentle, misunderstood souls stand at odds with the original Orcs.
There was no cultural misinterpretation of Tolkien's orcs - they were
clearly wicked, savage beings with no regard for life. It wasn't a
spiritual-but-martial tough-guy culture that inspired them to attempt to
commit genocide against the Rohirrim at Helm's Deep - it was the will of
their evil overlord, Saruman, and of their evil master, Sauron. They weren't
staging a righteous rebellion, they were out for blood and murder, for the
death of every last man, woman and child in Middle-Earth. They didn't live
in druidic harmony with their environment - they had more of a
slash-and-burn approach to nature. There is no misinterpretation here. The
motivations of Tolkien's Orcs are stated fairly explicitly.
Warband or metal band? Hard to
tell sometimes.
Warcraft Orcs have as much in common with Tolkien's Elves as they do with
their Orcs. Maybe even more. Now that the Orcs of Azeroth are no longer
being controlled by a powerful demon, they're dirt-worshippers with a
strict code of honour. Tolkien's Orcs didn't give a hot damn about honor,
and when their master fell, so did they. WoW Orcs are Orcs in name only.
Don't get me wrong - I actually like the more modern take. The Orc is the
raging berserker-beast inside all of us, but having those feelings doesn't
make us monsters. In a way, the story of an Orc is the story of an
underdog - in order to make something of himself, the Orc has to overcome
a severely tarnished image, the hatred and prejudices of their peers and theirs
own base, violent instincts. Behaving in any way other than as a raging
bloodthirsty goon risks earning the Orc the scorn of their peers - to behave
in a thoughtful, civilized manner is considered an act of outrageous
non-conformity. Orc stories have a kind of inverse depth that is unique to
their race. Quite frankly, there are lots of times when I find Orcs to be
the only race I can really relate to.
And it's not just because we look alike. Shut up.
Preview by Joseph Currier
Amid turmoil over a potential sale of the company, TNA presents its biggest event of the year on Sunday night with Bound for Glory live on pay-per-view from the Impact Zone in Orlando, FL.
We're looking for your thoughts on they show, so you can leave a thumbs up, thumbs down or thumbs in the middle along with the best and worst match to dave@wrestlingobserver.com We're also looking for your thoughts on the ROH All-Star Extravaganza show.
While much of the focus has been on whether or not TNA would be sold before the show, the PPV will be headlined by a TNA World Championship match pitting Bobby Lashley against Ethan Carter III with no holds barred.
The PPV will also feature the finals of the Grand Championship tournament. Drew Galloway was originally scheduled to face Aron Rex for the newly created title, but Galloway was replaced by Eddie Edwards after having to pull out of the match due to an injury.
The next chapter in the Broken Matt and Jeff Hardy saga will also take place as the Hardys battle Decay in the "Great War." And Cody Rhodes will make their first appearance in a TNA ring.
**********
X DIVISION CHAMPION DJ Z VS. TREVOR LEE
Very good opener where they did the modern X style with dives and reverse huracanrana spots. They traded three dives early. DJ Z kicked out of a powerslam. The finish saw DJ Z hit the Canadian Destroyer and the ZDT with a jumping DDT for the pin.
- McKenzie Mitchell is backstage with Drew Galloway. She's very unconvincing. They said they don't feel very good, and the doctor told them "a little to the left or a little to the right" and they would have been out for a year. They said they chose to fight but the company said no. They said they asked to hold back the tournament final and they said no. In reality, they knew they couldn't wrestle tonight. They then said Billy Corgan is buying the company.
10 MAN GAUNTLET MATCH FOR A TNA TITLE SHOT
Eli Drake won the match by throwing Jessie Godderz and Tyrus over the top to win. So, they have a title shot whenever they want...but has to give the promotion one week.
The match wasn't good at all as nothing much happened. Rockstar Spud, Grado (who lasted about two seconds), Mahabali Shera, Robbie E, Baron Dax, Basille Baraka and Braxton Sutter were also in the match. There were no highlights.
- Jeremy Borash called out Robert "Batista" Irvine. They said they and their kids are here for Gail Kim's induction into the Hall of Fame and tonight, he's Mr. Gail Kim, not Robert Irvine. Maria Kanellis showed up with Mike Bennett. Irvine told them that tonight will be a bad night for both of them. Maria said they were the greatest Knockouts champion of all-time, while Mike said that Maria was the greatest female wrestler of all-time and they were the best pro wrestler in the world.
MIKE BENNETT VS. MOOSE
Moose won with a tree slam off the rope and the discus clothesline. They traded moves back and forth. The crowd was into the "Moose" chant but not the match. Even when Bennett used a piledriver and Moose kicked out, there wasn't any pop. It was an okay match.
- We got an Aron Rex interview and said the Grand Championship title is going to revolutionize the way the sport is viewed. They talked about how they and Eddie Edwards were trained by the same guy. After the interview, Josh Mathews did mention Killer Kowalski even though Rex didn't.
ARON REX VS. EDDIE EDWARDS IN THE FINALS FOR THE GRAND CHAMPIONSHIP
This will be a five minute round match instead of a three minute round match. Rex won the match winning the first and third rounds. Borash is doing a UFC style interview. (I just hope Rex doesn't thank Jesus Christ or say he'll face whoever Joe Silva and Dana White puts them against.)
Match was average at best, but this format didn't work. It's good to tell jokes while watching it, but it didn't help for the crowd. Edwards wasn't bad but they never built any crowd momentum. After the third round, when Jeremy Borash went to read the scorecards, the graphics listed 30-27 for Rex even before Borash announced it as a split decision for Rex.
GAIL KIM HALL OF FAME INDUCTION
Christy Hemme returned for the ceremony. They piped in fake crowd noise as they did an interview. Hemme introduced Taryn Tarrell, expecting their second child. Terrell said Gail Kim was a career maker, that they were a beginner and Kim gave their matches they could be proud of. They said they were the greatest woman wrestler of all-time. This got barely even polite applause.
Awesome Kong showed up, looking totally different like she's lost a lot of weight. Kong said Kim was awesome and elevated every opponent to their best level possible and said how proud they are. Dixie Carter was out next. They said Gail was the perfect combination of beauty, brains, athletic ability, and unselfish. Chef Irvine, no relation to Chris Jericho, was shooting photos from ringside.
Dixie said they defined a generation of woman wrestlers and made the Knockouts the greatest women's division of all-time. (Yes, TNA Knockouts and early 90s All Japan women is a close call.) The talking heads in the video were Hemme, Josh, Jeremy Borash, Pat Kenney, Dixie, Jade, Madison Rayne, Al Snow and Billy Corgan,
Corgan said Kim vs. Kong changed the way people think about women wrestlers around the world. This was easily the best thing on the show so far.
Gail Kim came out. Fans are chanting "You deserve it." (Why are they piping in fake crowd noise? You'd want the crowd quiet and respectful.) They said wrestling has brought their creativity, self confidence, strength, fearlessness, and true passsion. They started thanking people, Ron Hutchinson, Rob Etcheverria, Fit Finlay (people popped for that name), Scott D'Amore, Pat Kenney/Simon Diamond, the crew, the production people, seamstresses, make-up people, "You make my job not a job. I love my life."
They thanked Dixie Carter, Dutch Mantell, Jeff Jarrett, their stepdaughters, their goddaughter and their husband which got a big pop. "I've never met someone so inspiring and motivating as you." They thanked Trish Stratus, Molly Holly, Victoria, Jazz and all the women they learned from. "They're my sisters and I appreciate that I could share a locker room with these wonderful women." Then they gave a special shoutout to Molly: "She's the reason I'm in this business and why I got this opportunity. They taught me to be a good person in the ring or outside of the ring. They said if you're a good person, success will follow."
This was as well done as it could have been.
MATT & JEFF HARDY VS. TNA TAG TEAM CHAMPIONS ABYSS & CRAZZY STEVE IN THE GREAT WAR
This was something.
The Hardys won the titles when Jeff came off the top of a 15 foot ladder with a swanton onto Steve through two tables for the pin. A lot of this match was pre-taped stuff out of the building which included Matt brawling with Abyss in the park in the back of a pickup truck, and Vanguard 1 blowing mist in Rosemary's eyes. Matt made a barbed wire board sandwich with Abyss, and came off the top rope with an elbow on him.
Jeff had some magic water poured on them that allowed them to disappear and throw pumpkins at Steve. (Get it, smashing pumpkins?) Jeff showed up as a bunch of different characters. They came back in the ring, and Rosemary did a coast-to-coast dropkick into a garbage can like they were RVD. At another point, Rosemary gave Abyss "Janice", but Matt set Janice on fire and threw the board out of the pickup truck. That may have been the idea that Janice and the Carters are dead. Who knows? Hopefully they won't get mad at Matt's ideas and threaten to sue.
- Bobby Lashley interview.
KNOCKOUTS CHAMPION MARIA KANELLIS VS. GAIL KIM
Maria said their hand was broken and the doctor wouldn't clear them Allie then said they must have misread it and they were cleared. Maria got mad about that. Anyway, the match started.
This match was pretty bad. Maria is just so limited. Mike Bennett threw a hand brace into the ring, and Maria used it but Kim kicked out. Allie got the brace and Maria wanted it again. They threw it over Maria's head to Kim. Kim teased handing it to Maria, but instead threw it out of the ring. Kim used Eat Defeat, which Maria sold badly or it missed, for the pin.
- Bennett said they were shutting the showdown and nobody could stop him. Cody & Brandi Rhodes showed up. Cody was really over to the crowd. Maria yelled at Cody and told them to go back to WWE. Brandi got in their face, and Maria attacked them Brandi threw a knee. Cody & Bennett brawled. Cody used the disaster kick on Bennett and they left the ring.
TNA CHAMPION BOBBY LASHLEY VS. ECIII
They laid this out as a big show main event where each guy kicks out of big moves. Lashley won clean with a spear off the middle rope and nearly landed on their head when delivering the move. ECIII had kicked out of two spears earlier. They hit the One Percenter, did a spear, and also used a splash off the top rope.
The problem is these two didn't work together well at all. They weren't in the right position a lot, and the selling in a lot of cases looked mechanical. The crowd wasn't much into it either. Even with all the kicking out of big moves, this wasn't a good match and didn't feel like a big show main event.
There was no Alberto del Rio at the finish even though they evidently no-showed the AAA show tonight.
We'll have a full recap of the show on tonight's Wrestling Observer Radio.
If they can melt snowflakes in Chicago, why can't we in LA?
On Tuesday, incoming students to the University of Chicago received a letter.
“Once here you will discover that one of the University of Chicago's defining characteristics is our commitment to freedom of inquiry and expression,” wrote Dr. John Ellison, Dean of Students in The College. They continued:
“Members of our community are encouraged to speak, write, listen, challenge and learn, without fear of censorship. Civility and mutual respect are vital to all of us, and freedom of expression does not mean the freedom to harass or threaten others. You will find that we expect members of our community to be engaged in rigorous debate, discussion, and even disagreement. At times this may challenge you and even cause discomfort.”
Good. Four years of USC's tuition amounts to nearly a quarter of a million dollars.
We deserve an education which challenges and presents us with uncomfortable and widely varying arguments grounded in logic and fact. Anything less would be a disservice to students and the Trojan Family as a whole.
U Chicago, a private institution and thus liable to create its own rules, has here defended its students Constitutional rights better than many public schools across the country. Most notably, Cal State LA and UCI came under fire for either outright forbidding or otherwise stonewalling the speeches of Ben Shapiro and Milo Yiannopoulos respectively.
As public institutions, both Cal State LA and UCI have a legal obligation to respect students Constitutional rights to freely associate and speak, save for outright calls or threats to violence, which which the First Amendment does not protect.
USC ought to take a similar public stand as U Chicago. Although we have handled controversial speakers far more respectfully than CSULA and UCI, social trends have disturbingly been swelling towards an outright rejection of free speech.
In 2014, the highly liberal Scripps College cancelled their invitation of conservative commentator George Will for a particularly controversial column. The kicker? The series they were invited to speak at was specifically designed to expose the extremely leftist student body to opposing view points. That same year, Brandeis University cancelled the appearance of Ayaan Hirsi Ali, a women's right advocate and survivor of female genital mutilation, for advocating for the reformation of Islam.
The list goes on, and most distressingly, authority figures at universities have been encouraging this outright rejection ideological and philosophical diversity. Instead of trying to engage with those dissidents in an attempt to reason or even convert them, universities are all too often simply trying to block controversial thought. This stonewalling sets a surreptitiously but pointed precedent for ideological diversity intolerance, one which threatens to turn the courageous scholars of the Trojan Family into a blizzard of intolerance.
2016 has proven a disturbingly divisive and threatening year of political and social discourse. As centuries of successful and failed societies have demonstrates, ideas and speech can never be truly quelled, and illogical and hateful ideologies can in fact be deconstructed and dismantled with open discourse.
Be it via our administration or our Student Government, USC has an opportunity to make a similar declaration of commitment to open discourse and actual diversity. And contrary to cries of “but what about triggers,” such a declaration would not entail a dismantling of our actual, incredible student support services, such as the LGBT Resource Center or the Engemann Student Health Center's Relationship and Sexual Violence Prevention and Services (RSVP), which offers free one-on-one or group treatment to help survivors of sexual, physical or emotional abuse overcome trauma. If anything, by protecting all Constitutional speech, students would be safer knowing that they live in a community free of Orwellian mandates of double-speak.
USC has a choice here. Maybe it's just me, but I think the answer is obvious.
@tianathefirst
Google's new Chrome browser borrows so much from Opera's browser, we had to ask Jon von Tetzchner, Opera's CEO, an obvious question today - had Google hired any of their staff?
"No."
They didn't sound too upset, though, that Google has half-inched so many features from Opera in a smash-and-grab raid.
"Some things we recognise from Opera - putting tabs at the top [and the address bar in the tab], speed dial, and basically the search and find - but that shows we're doing something right."
You might think he's entitled to be - since these features will be new to 99 per cent of the world's PC-based web surfers, who may credit Google with the innovations. But von Tetzchner told us that Chrome's biggest innovation isn't one Opera is in a rush to emulate.
Because Chrome is designed for running web apps, they say, "the focus is on keeping different processes for different windows - that's a very heavy-duty thing to do. It's an OS approach rather than a browser approach." And something not considered worth following.
Opera's message to developers is twofold: it will incorporate Google Gears, the runtime that allows Google web applications to run offline, and continue to promote widgets. Opera's widgets will run across all of its platforms, from the Nintendo Wii to mobile devices and set-top boxes.
The Opera CEO says Google's Chrome is good news for developers, ultimately, and for Opera:
"If they take some market share from Microsoft, then that's good for us - because their standards implementation is better than Internet Explorer's."
But while Gears is already slated for inclusion in Opera, von Tetzchner doesn't see much else in the code base he'd want to to take.
"Gears is something all the browsers are putting in - everyone has agreed to put in Gears. When it comes to other parts of Chrome, I would expect us not to take anything from it."
Why not?
"We want to control our own code, and not be dependent on others. We have had open source components in Opera, but we've taken then out because customers have been asking us to remove them."
Like?
"There's a JPEG decoder, and things like that, that every browser has used. We made some better code and replaced it with our own. We wouldn't have done it if customers didn't ask, but we did get the code down from 150kb to 5kb."
Everyone works for Google?
Doubts have been raised about the future of the Mozilla Foundation since the extent of Google's browser ambitions became apparent, yesterday.
While the two have signed an agreement to continue their relationship until 2011, almost 85 per cent of the "non profit" Foundation's income is derived from the deal, whereby Mozilla refers Firefox users to Google's search engine. We now know Google has been hiring the best Mozilla developers, and surely there's little it needs from the Foundation any more.
But then some of the same doubts may pertain to Opera, too. Not long ago, Opera was the only browser that charged money for a licence - which perhaps explains why it is such high quality, user-focused design - but struck a referral deal with Google that permitted it to be released as a free download.
Should Google attain a monopolistic share of the internet advertising market (it's already under such scrutiny in the US - and controls 81 per cent of the UK market), might these sweet deals not end?
"I don't think Google is going to take 100pc market share in advertising," said von Tetzchner. "We have deals with multiple parties. When it comes to advertising, there are different advertising companies. I think there will always be competition: Microsoft and Yahoo! are very big players, and we work with big regional companies like Baidu."
Then a dark cloud appeared on the distant horizon:
"If Google were to own both search and services, then that's another story."
Naturally. If there's only one great big computer in the world - why would you use a terminal made by anyone else? ®
A male passenger has been injured after a chimney that was blown off an Edinburgh tenement roof in high winds smashed through a bus window.
The number 31 Lothian Bus was hit on Nicolson Street at about 09:44 as it was heading out of the city.
Police Scotland said the upper window on the kerb side was smashed and the man had cuts and bruises to theirs hand.
The road was closed in both directions at the section outside the Festival Theatre and Surgeons' Hall until 15:40.
Traffic was diverted via Chambers Street and Buccleuch Street.
A Lothian Buses spokesperson said the bus was hit while it was moving as it headed to Cameron Toll.
They said: "One of our passengers has been hurt due to falling masonry but thankfully has received only minor injuries."
The bus has now been removed and a chimney inspection was carried out by firefighters in the area.
Insp Norman Towler, of Police Scotland, said: "The road has now completely re-opened after all the relevant checks to buildings have been completed.
"We would like to thank the public for their patience."
As if dominating the music world wasn't enough, Taylor Swift is also beating out television shows in terms of viewers, according to a new Nielsen report. The Vevo-commisioned study found that the music video catalogues of popular artists often attract audience numbers equal to or larger than those of network TV shows.
The most illustrative example from the report is that 18 million U.S. viewers watched Taylor Swift music videos during the week that their star-packed “Bad Blood” video was released. This number beat out the number of viewers of every single network show, with the lone exception of NCIS: Los Angeles.
The report found similarly massive viewer numbers for Drake and Rihanna's videos. Each scored around 6 million music video views, beating out a number of major network shows, during the weeks the videos for Drake's “Hotline Bling” and Rihanna's “Bitch Better Have My Money” were released.
“The audiences are shifting,” said Vevo VP of research Andrea Zapata of the findings. “We are in a shifting landscape.”
As they warned earlier in June, Chilean students took to the streets, with the help of miners and fishermen, who blocked access to mines and harbors on Thursday. The revolts happened just before the presidential primaries, which will take place on Sunday.
The movement started in Santiago in the early hours of Thursday, when central streets were blocked with bonfires near the university campus. The surrounding area was severely damaged, including local businesses, bus stops and traffic lights, and traffic was stopped for hours. By the end of Thursday 16 people had been arrested and around 10 had been injured.
Minister of Homeland Security Andrés Chadwick stated that the movement was planned by violent groups, who ignored the government request for a peaceful conversation and committed acts of vandalism throughout the capital.
The organizers of the protest condemned vandalism, and emphasized the fact that they managed to get over 100,000 people in the street. “Today it was confirmed that our demands are shared by the whole Chilean society,” said President of the Student Federation Andrés Fielbaum to Spanish newspaper El País.
These protests inherit the spirit of the student mobilizations of 2006, which demanded the renovation of the Chilean education system, which dates back to the Pinochet dictatorship years. In Chile only 36 percent of the schools are state-funded, and even public schools cost thousands of dollars a year.
Such an education system allows for only 65 percent of Chileans to finish school before they turn 24, according to data cited by Argentinean newspaper Página 12.
Student revolts became viral in 2011, and have continued at a low intensity since then. For the first time now, other sectors of society have joined in the cause. Copper miners protested in Calama, north of Santiago, where they blocked Chuquicatama, the biggest mine in the country. Similar events happened in El Teniente, south of the capital. In the coastal towns of Talcahuano, San Antonio and Valparaíso, fishermen kept over 2,000 boats on shore.
President Sebastián Piñera announced that Congress is studying a law that would allow police to ask for ID in case of chaos or public disorder. The measure would even require people who are not suspected of committing a crime to identify themselves. Piñera assured that this is not a restriction of freedom, but Fielbaum disagreed, saying that this “reeks of arrest under suspicion.”
Student demands are part of the program of the presidential candidates, who will be running for their parties' choice on Sunday. Polls point at former President Michelle Bachelet, who criticized the protests, as winner for the center-left, and at Andrés Allamand for the center-right opposition. Presidential elections will take place in November.
Egypt's antiquated railway system requires an estimated LE170 million (roughly $25.7 million) for spare parts and maintenance, Transportation Minister Hatem Abdel-Latif said before the Shura Council (the upper house of parliament) on Thursday.
Speaking in front of the council's transportation committee, Abdel-Latif added that the necessary upgrade of train locomotives alone would require some LE300 million (roughly $45.5 million).
The minister went on to point out that about 3,300 train carriages were no longer fit for use, noting that Egypt had tentatively agreed to buy 221 new train carriages and had plans to purchase a further 336.
They also asserted that 171 train crossings nationwide would be subject to upgrade by the end of the current year.
Abdel-Latif's comments follow a massive rail accident on Tuesday in which 19 passengers were killed and another 120 injured in Giza. And on Wednesday night, four people were killed after a train collided with a taxi at a rail crossing in the outskirts of Cairo.
Abdel-Latif concluded by citing a 2002 study – conducted in the wake of a dramatic rail disaster in which 373 people died – that found that between 100 and 120 Egyptians were killed every year in train accidents.
Short link:
By Paul Kellogg
December 2, 2010 -- PolEconAnalysis -- There is a growing chorus of voices in the media and the academy singling out the actions of the Chinese state as central to the dilemmas of the world economy. This focus finds its most articulate presentations, not in the xenophobia of the right, but in the polite analysis of many left-liberals.
Paul Krugman, for instance, writing in the run-up to November's G20 summit in South Korea, praised the United States' approach of creating money out of nothing (“quantitative easing”) as being helpful to the world economy, and criticised the Chinese state's attempts to keep its currency weak as being harmful. “The policies of these two nations are not at all equivalent”, they argue, adding their influential voice to the chorus which is increasingly targeting China for the world's woes.[1] Krugman's, however, is a simplistic analysis which overlooks the role of the US over decades in creating huge imbalances in the world economy, and has the dangerous effect of scapegoating one of the poorest nations of the world (China) for the problems created by the world's richest.
Krugman's argument proceeds through a sleight of hand. They object to the attempts by the Chinese state to keep down the value of its currency – the yuan – as a series of policies whose “overall effect ... on foreign economies is clearly negative”. This is a common theme – China's “weak-yuan” currency being good for China (making its exports cheaper in world markets) and bad for the rest of the world.
But there is a problem. By their own admission, the US policy of creating money out of nothing will result in a “weaker American dollar”. What they don't say, but what is implicit in their analysis, is that this US policy is identical to China's – a “weak-yuan” policy in the latter, matched by a weak-dollar policy in the former. Krugman nonetheless lets the US off the hook because, they argue, even though the US dollar is certain to fall in value as a result of the new trillions being created, “that is not the ultimate goal”.
Judging a policy on its intent rather than its effect is disingenuous. Brian Burke's intent as general manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs has been to deliver a Stanley Cup to Toronto. Hockey fans are unlikely to forgive him, though, for the fact that their policies see the Leafs sitting, again, near the basement of their conference. However, let's take Krugman at face value. Why do they see the US policy as good for the world? Because, they argue, “basically, the United States is pursuing a policy that increases overall world demand” and China “is pursuing a contractionary domestic monetary policy, reducing overall world demand”.
Let's begin with some of the key facts. At the peak of the economic crisis, the United States, Canada, and the European Union had to borrow hundreds of billions of dollars from the rest of the world to finance stimulus programs to stabilise their economies. China also engaged in serious fiscal stimulus (relative to GDP virtually on the same scale as the United States)[2], but unlike the North American and European powers, it was able to do so without borrowing a penny from the rest of the world.[3]
One of the reasons the US had to resort to large-scale foreign borrowing was because of years of high levels of central government deficit spending. The first chart here shows the last twenty years of central government spending, a story of only momentary surpluses and a “norm” of deficits in the hundreds of billions of dollars – in 2009 and 2010 in the wake of the financial crisis, passing the one trillion dollar mark.[4]
Because the United States central government had been running very large deficits for years, borrowing on a large scale was inevitable to do the very necessary work of trying to “stimulate” the economy at the peak of the crisis in 2009. But with these deficits pushing debt levels very high very quickly, there has been increasing nervousness about both deficits and debts getting out of hand. Enter, “quantiative easing”. As an alternative to creating more government debt, the world's most powerful economy can, for the moment, simply “create more money”, push it into the economy and hope that this has the desired stimulus effect.
Military spending
Krugman assesses the merits of these actions solely on their effect on world demand. But is this a sufficient criterion? There are all sorts of policies pursued by the US over generations which have increased overall world demand. One in particular comes to mind. The US central government has for a long time been the centre of military expenditure in the world, and its role as such is accelerating. In 1990 its military expenditures represented 36.19% of the military expenditures in the entire world. By 2009, its military expenditures had grown to fully 44.13% of world military expenditures. In other words, almost half of the money spent on war in the world is spent by the US state.
This huge infrastructure of planes, missiles, bases, tanks, guns, ammunition and personnel has a powerful effect on demand in the world economy. For instance, “the U.S. military is the single largest consumer of energy in the world”.[5] This might be bad in terms of global warming. Nonetheless gobbling up millions of barrels of oil certainly helps stimulate world demand for petroleum. The trillions spent on war and militarism do meet Krugman's criterion in that they “stimulate world demand”. But they do so in perverse ways. In particular, they are the principal reason for the desperate fiscal weakness of the US central government, documented above, fiscal weakness which is driving the move to quantitative easing.
Let's try on three different scenarios to examine the relationship between military expenditures and US deficits. Begin with one aspect of arms spending, the “War on Terror”. Launched in 2001 it has had three components – Operation Enduring Freedom (the war in Afghanistan), Operation Iraqi Freedom (the war in Iraq) and Operation Noble Eagle (beefing up US military bases and homeland security). The official bill to-date for this “War on Terror” is almost identical to the amount of money created in the first round of quantitative easing – US$1.1 trillion dollars.[6] This is probably an understatement, perhaps a gross understatement. Joseph Stiglitz and Linda Bilmes estimate that the true cost of the war in Iraq alone will be in excess of $3 trillion.[7] However, for arguments sake we will take the official figures. If those official figures are removed from the books (scenario 1) – that is, if we see what the picture would be like had the war on terror not been launched – then a change begins to take place in the picture of US deficit spending. It doesn't eliminate the deficit problem. But it does lessen it, to the extent that as late as 2007 – the year the financial crisis first revealed itself – the US central government would actually have run a modest surplus.
But the War on Terror is just the tip of the iceberg. The United States, as documented above, spends money on the military at a rate far greater than any country in the world. In 2010 for instance, the War on Terror costs of $130 billion were dwarfed by the $534 billion spent on other aspects of the military. Since 2006, the total “defence” budget of the U.S. has been over half a trillion dollars. By 2011 it is projected to be closing in on three quarters of a trillion dollars. Now imagine a pacific instead of a militaristic United States. In other words, see what the picture would be like without sustaining this massive war machine. When this military spending is removed (scenario 2), the picture of the U.S. central government budget is completely different.
In 2009 and 2010 there are of course quite large deficits. This is the normal “Keynesian” turn to deficit spending that occurs in any economic downturn. What is remarkable however, is the fact that in terms of non-military spending, before 2009 and 2010, there would have been no deficit whatsoever. In fact in many years there would have been surpluses, twice (in 2000 and 2007) touching half a trillion dollars. With a budget history for the last 20 years resembling this graph, a pacific US government could have spent billions on its stimulus package, without borrowing a cent. Stimulus could have been completely financed out of accumulated surpluses from the last 20 years.
And in fact, this understates the situation. Many of the costs of the US bloated war budget are hidden. It would take a team of forensic accountants with unlimited time and unlimited funds to sort through government finances and corporate balance sheets to tease out the actual costs of sustaining the world's biggest military, and the world's only truly global empire. But there are two “non-defence” line items that we can say with certainty are directly related to the U.S. military. Veterans Affairs spending is extremely high in the US precisely because so many young people have come back maimed and broken through US military adventures abroad. And the space program is a barely disguised excuse to develop and test the rocket technology that is the backbone of the US nuclear arsenal. When these two are factored in (scenario 3), the picture is breathtakingly clear.
The US central government deficit problem has one source – addiction to war and empire. That addiction has led to borrowing on an unprecedented scale, making it impossible for the US to stimulate its economy through accumulated savings and making it increasingly nervous about the accelerating practice of borrowing on a mass scale. The quantitative easing approach – creating money out of nothing – has been made inevitable by the massive deficits used to sustain empire abroad.
Return, then, to Krugman's argument. If we only have one criterion by which to assess this – the creation of demand in the world economy – then there is no problem here. Massive levels of arms spending create demand. Years and years of arms-related US budget deficits do “stimulate” the world economy. But downing two or three pots of coffee in one setting will similarly “stimulate” a person's metabolism. That doesn't mean it is a recommended method by which to obtain our nutrition.
`Flushed down the toilet'
Obviously “the creation of demand” is not the only criteria we should use. When trillions are spent, it is useful to us ordinary folk when these trillions are spent in productive ways – on homes for the homeless, on childcare, on healthcare, on education, on infrastructure, on public transport, on clean energy, on water purification in the global South – the list is endless. But when the trillions are wasted on grenades, nuclear weapons, M-16 rifles, nuclear submarines, aircraft carriers and all the other paraphernalia of the US killing machine – this is ultimately the equivalent of taking those trillions and flushing them down the toilet. It is “investment” which leaves nothing behind – except nuclear waste that future generations will have to dispose of, deadly munitions that will exist for generations to maim and kill peasants in the field, and broken bodies and minds chewed up in endless wars. The creation of “demand” is not the only criteria. It matters – and it matters desperately – exactly what kind of “demand” we are feeding.
And think this through. This creation of money from nothing will systematically drive the US dollar lower relative to other currencies. For those holding billions (and in some cases trillions) of US dollar denominated debt, the devaluation of the US dollar means a devaluation of the worth of their holdings. In effect, the United States through quantitative easing is forcing the rest of the world to pay for its empire, to pay for the costs it has incurred through sustaining a bloated permanent arms economy.
It is irresponsible to assess the value of the policies of the US and Chinese governments by narrowly focusing in on momentary decisions related to their currencies, and by pretending that these policies happen in a vacuum. There is a history to the current predicament of the United States, a predicament of its own making. When put in this bigger context, the message that must be sent to Krugman and others making similar arguments is quite clear: blame the wars, not China.
[(c) 2010 Paul Kellogg. This article first appeared at Paul Kellogg's website, PolEconAnalysis. It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with Kellogg's permission. Paul Kellogg is a teacher, researcher and writer. Their focus is political economy (international and Canadian), globalisation and social movements.]
References
[1] Paul Krugman, “When China Exports, Everyone Pays”, Truthout, November 4, 2010.
[2] Eswar Prasad, “Assessing the G-20 Stimulus Plans: A Deeper Look”, Brookings, December 2, 2010.
[3] Joseph Trevisani, “While Many Countries Must Borrow, China and Japan Can Fund Their Own Stimulus,” Seeking Alpha, January 28, 2009.
[4] Figures for this and the next three charts (scenarios 1-3) are primarily derived from “Budget of the United States Government: Historical Tables Fiscal Year 2011: Table 4.1 – Outlays by Agency, 1962-2015". For the years 2001 to 2010, the charts are based on figures in Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller)/CFO, United States Department of Defense Fiscal Year 2011 Budget Request: Overview, February 2010: 1-1. The latter differ slightly from the former, but have the advantage of explicitly incorporating the military portion of the "War on Terror", euphemistically referred to as “Overseas Contingency Operations”.
[5] Sohbet Karbuz, “US Military Energy Consumption – Facts and Figures”, Sohbet Karbuz, May 20, 2007.
[6] Amy Belasco, “The Cost of Iraq, Afghanistan, and Other Global War on Terror Operations Since 9/11”, Congressional Research Service, September 2, 2010: 1 and 3.
[7] Joseph E. Stiglitz and Linda J. Bilmes, “The true cost of the Iraq war: $3 trillion and beyond”, The Washington Post, September 5, 2010.
0 Report: Jaguars running back Denard Robinson 'asleep' behind wheel in crash
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - Jacksonville Jaguars running back Denard Robinson appeared to be "asleep or fatigued" after their vehicle went off the road and into a retention pond early July 3.
Robinson, 25, was behind the wheel of a Chevy Impala submerged in water on the driver's side in a retention pond on the south side of the eastbound lane of Beach Boulevard near Southside Boulevard, according to a Florida Traffic Crash Report filed by the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office.
Related Headlines Photos: Report on crash involving Jaguars running back Denard Robinson
The crash happened at 4:20 a.m., according to the report. Both Robinson and an adult female passenger "looked to be asleep/passed out," the report detailed.
The officer observed that "the vehicle was traveling west on Beach Boulevard and was attempting to turn left onto Southside Boulevard and made a wide turn, causing the vehicle to go over the sidewalk and down the embankment."
"There were no skid marks indicating the driver attempted to stop the vehicle before the crash," according to the report.
Trending on ActionNewsJax.com:
More popular and trending stories
An officer came knocked on the passenger's side window and “the driver (Denard Robinson) opened their eyes and then went back to sleep," the report detailed.
The female passenger then "woke up and rolled down the window and said 'what's up.'" They tried to roll the window back up, but the officer was able to unlock the door and start helping Robinson and the female exit the vehicle.
“The driver was passed out during this whole process. I was able to wake the driver but had to turn the vehicle off and remove their seatbelt. The driver thought they were on a road and did not want to exit the vehicle,” the report said.
DOWNLOAD THE ACTION NEWS JAX NEWS, WEATHER AND WAKE-UP APPS
“I had to tell the driver multiple times their car was in a pond and was sinking so they needed to hurry up and get out,” the report continued.
According to the report, “The driver tried about three times to open the driver's door which was the side that was underwater. I had to keep reminding the driver to climb out of the passenger side because their door was in the water.”
The report stated that an officer determined that Robinson was not impaired: “Ofc. M.T. Borgert ID#6520 was on scene to screen the drive for impairment. Ofc. Borgert felt the driver was not impaired and should not be charged with DUI. No citations were issued.”
Robinson was drafted by the Jaguars in the fifth round of the 2013 NFL Draft. The Jaguars released the following statement on the crash:
"The team is aware that running back Denard Robinson was involved in a single-car accident over the weekend and is thankful that nobody was injured."
Robinson tweeted the following statement on Monday afternoon:
"I just wanted to let everyone know that I was involved in a single-car accident on Saturday night, and thankfully, everyone was safe and remained unharmed. "I thank God every single day for the opportunities they have presented me with and I'm grateful every morning to wake up healthy. "I should not have been driving that late or when I was that tired, but again, I'm just glad that everyone was safe. God Bless."
In 2012 Denard Robinson files guilty plea to driving with a suspended or revoked license according to @espn @ActionNewsJax — Bridgette Matter (@bridgetteANjax) July 6, 2016
" I had to tell the driver multiple times their car was in the pond and sinking." From Denard Robinson's crash report — Bridgette Matter (@bridgetteANjax) July 6, 2016
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
There was some hope that Greece, which for the past few months was desperately trying to show it has a primary surplus when in fact it was merely shoving unpaid bills under the rug, was at least getting its runaway deficit situation under control. This, despite what many sensible people pointed out was the return of nearly daily strikes, which meant zero government revenue as zero taxes could be levied on zero wages. Turns out the sensible people were again right, and the Greek and European propaganda machine has failed once more as the Greek Finance Ministry just reported that despite big tax hikes demanded as part of austerity measures by international lenders, tax revenues fell precipitously in January, with the Greek Finance Ministry reporting a 16 percent decrease from a year earlier, and a loss of 775 million euros, or $1.05 billion in one month.
This means that the government took in only €4.05 billion ($5.47 billion) in tax revenues in January, far short of its target of €4.36 billion ($5.89 billion), a $420 million shortfall in one month, which also came during an annual holiday sales period for shops who are bleeding customers and shutting down by the thousands.
It is all downhill from here as the feedback loop of more spending cuts is activated to offset declining revenues, leading to even less revenue, and culminating with the complete collapse of Greek society.
From Greek Reporter:
If Greece fails to meet revenue targets it will trigger a correction clause at the end of each quarter of the year, setting off automatic spending cuts except for pensions and salaries. That could further harm already-depleted government services. Finance Ministry officials attributed the decline in tax revenues to the drop in consumption, as revenues from Value Added Tax (VAT) shrank by 15 percent, while those from the special consumption taxes were also lower. Greeks hammered by big pay cuts, tax hikes and slashed pensions have cut back spending even on essential items, with supermarket sales falling 500 million euros, ($6763 million) in 2012. The numbers could have been worse as the government gained revenues from doubled property taxes and big hikes in income taxes that have hit most Greeks except for tax cheats who continue to largely escape sacrifice or prosecution.
This may well be the last straw for a "fixed" Greek crisis - "the only options left for the government is to collect from tax evaders and improve tax collections, although tax hikes have led to many more Greeks trying to hide their income, statistics showed." Of course, nobody could have predicted that too.
The Troika and other EU countries offered to help Greece collect taxes but little interest has been shown by the government. The new General Secretary for State Revenues, Haris Theoharis, plans to meet directors of the 36 biggest tax offices in the country to study ways of collecting expired debts, according to proposals by the country's creditors and the European Commission's Task Force for Greece.
Does this mean that paying hedge funds at 50 cents on the dollar on their worthless Greek bonds was not the best idea?
But, but the spin was that if only all Greek debt was converted into zero coupon perpetuals all would be well?
Or maybe they were just referring to Deutsche Bank. As for the Greek population, where everyone is simply doing what they can to survive, which certainly does not mean paying taxes to the government, it is every man, woman and child for themselves.
Finally, one can only hope that the US will learn something from what this terminal collapse of a socialist utopia looks like. Sadly, it won't.
Opening Hours Webshop Christmas/New Years 2018-19
Dear Customers,
evenso your Webshop is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, our packing and shipping staff needs some holydays. Orders send in before Friday 21.12.2018, 12:00 will be shipped the same day. However we cannot guarantee a next day delivery. All orders place thereafter will be processed from January 9th on.
If you are in need for a last minute present or if you want to treat yourself with a nice present, our stores in Wallisellen and Thun are open as follows:
Wallisellen Thun Saturday 22.12.2018 9:00 - 16:00 9:00 - 16:00 Thursday - Friday 27. - 29.12.2018 11:30 - 18:30 13:30 - 18:30 Saturday 29.12.2018 9:00 - 16:00 9:00 - 16:00 Sunday - Monday 30.12.2018 - 7.1.2019 closed closed
From Tuesday 9.1.2019 on we will process all orders placed after 21.12.2018, 1200.
What's the deal with this basic income issue? Why is it so difficult to push it forward? The reason, it seems, is deeply rooted within the human psyche. As Will Hutton put it, “humans believe that reward should follow proportionate effort”. This is the question, is it not? Hutton argues that we humans are hardwired for this relationship between work and gain, and that's final. There's no overriding it. No pain, no gain, like they say. Let's debate this.
If I go camping with some friends, I'll be pleased if everyone helps around with cooking, cleaning, setting up the tents, chopping up some branches for the fire and so on. And I'll object to anyone just sitting around while everyone else is busy setting up camp. That is because the work involved can only be made by people, by the campers themselves, for their own benefit. It's a team, and it's only fair that all players team up to set a camp they will all benefit from.
Now let's assume these were a high-tech team of campers, who had brought automatic setting tents, a battery driven portable cooker, a cleaning robot, and a complete set of canned food. How much labour would there be to distribute among the campers? Maybe just putting the tents in their places (these would setup automatically from there), turn on the cooker and open a few cans. That could be done easily and quickly by one person, maybe two at most. What about the others? Well, maybe it's best if they just sit around and sing a few songs, dinner will be ready shortly. Doesn't sound wrong to me.
The role of technology gets rather obvious in this simple example. Humans are not hardwired to relate work and gain. Humans are just wary of working more than they should if others are not helping out. But if machines are doing that, it ceases to be unfair. Besides, if machines are helping and there's no sense in having six people pressing tent buttons and opening up food cans, I don't mind doing that today and tomorrow someone else will do it. And then I'll sit comfortably playing my guitar, without the slightest shadow of a guilt.
Another issue is that it may be so that some humans “believe that reward should follow proportionate effort”, but certainly not all of them. There are people that, living off rents – from land, houses, shares in corporations or financial assets – do not feel shame, or guilt, or any sense of responsibility towards society. And are humans nonetheless. Humans are not hardwired this or that way. We are a product of our environment and particular circumstances.
Still another aspect of this discussion is heritage. Is it not true that everyone, and I really mean every living human being on the planet, is born into a huge lineage of natural and social evolution? A new born human being doesn't have to reinvent electricity in order to have a lighting bulb in the living room. Doesn't have to rediscover the written language in order to communicate. Doesn't have to make concrete from scratch to make a house. Human societies make this already existing wealth more or less accessible to individuals, but it's undeniable that this wealth, natural or social, exists. And it's just there for the sharing, grown and perfected over millions of years of evolution.
The fact that we have failed in that sharing for a long time, as a global society, it's an entirely different matter. The truth is just that each if us is born into a bounty of global richness, without having contributed to it. That's not debatable, it's just a fact.
So how many arguments are there against basic income? It seems to me that, at bottom, only one really. Because once you accept that all humans are entitled, as their human right, to access the wealth of the natural world and the work of countless human generations before you, you're already defending basic income on moral grounds. There's no way, no matter how you look at it, that a person can do a “proportionate effort” to ever compensate for that they or they receive just for being alive. So let's just get passed this annoying and fundamentally flawed argument.
After that one can ask oneself: Basic income is great, but how are we going to finance it? To be clear, a financial issue cannot be used as a fundamental argument against basic income. Financing is about distribution of power. Money is an agreement, and people can agree otherwise. Financing is, therefore, a challenge which comes from living together in society.
Different people have different perspectives and feelings over things, but if they agree among each other that the distribution of the natural and social wealth should be made to all, as a human right of existence, then the money will appear. Some will say as by a “miracle”. A miracle within an obsolete mindset, a natural consequence from an evolved, more inclusive and expanded view of the world.
Once you have accepted basic income on moral grounds and found a way to finance it – which is the same as bringing enough people to support its implementation – you might still ask: but what if this idea is hijacked by the far-right liberals, who just want to kill the commons, bury the welfare state and privatize everything? That amounts to asking: what if some dictator takes power and turns an imperfect democracy into a perfect dictatorship? For which I reply: we must be active and aware.
Democracy is not a system set in stone and we must always be defending it and contributing to it. Anything can be turned into a weapon by a wicked mind. Or basic income can be turned into a privatization-of-everything tool for a radical right-wing agenda. That risk is always there. It boils down to us, every conscious individual supporting basic income and knowing how to finance it, standing for democracy at all times.
Basic income can only help all people if it is democratically supported and implemented.
More information at:
Will Hutton, “Utopia for realists: and how we can get there by Rutger Bregman – review”, The Guardian, 13th March 2017
Mészáros István. This article uses The native form of this personal name is. This article uses Western name order when mentioning individuals.
István Mészáros ( UK: , US: ; 19 December 1930 – 1 October 2017) was a Hungarian Marxist philosopher. Described as "one of the foremost political philosophers of the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries" by Monthly Review,[2] Mészáros wrote mainly about the possibility of a transition from capitalism to socialism. Their magnum opus, Beyond Capital: Toward a Theory of Transition (1995), was concerned not only with this theme but aimed to construct an analysis of the current capitalist society and its "structural crisis". They were also interested to critique the so-called "bourgeois ideology", including the idea of "there is no alternative", and to analyse the failures of "real socialism".
Biography [ edit ]
Early life in Hungary [ edit ]
Mészáros was born in Budapest, Hungary.[3] They were raised by their single mother and their maternal grandmother, and at age twelve falsified their birth date to work along with their mother in an airplane factory building engines.[2] The poor working conditions would later arise "his lifelong hatred of exploitation and oppression".[2] When they were 15 or 16, Mészáros was introduced to the Marxist philosophy during visits to a bookshop. After having contact with Karl Marx's The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Napoleon, Friedrich Engels's Anti-Dühring, and Marx and Engels's The Communist Manifesto, they became interested in the works of Georg Lukács about Hungarian literature. Mészáros liked Lukács's works "so much" that they even sold personal belongings to buy them and decided to enter the University of Budapest. They did so in 1949 when they won a scholarship with the emergence of a Communist state in Hungary.[2]
At the university, they affiliated themselves to the so-called "Budapest School", a group of Hungarian philosophers who were taught or influenced by Lukács, including Ágnes Heller and György Márkus.[7] During this period, Lukács was very criticised by the Hungarian Communist Party and Mátyás Rákosi's government banned some of their works between 1949 and the mid-1950s.[2] Because of their allegiance to Lukács and their attendance of Lukács's seminars, Mészáros almost got expelled from the university. Later, Lukács nominated Mészáros as their assistant at the Institute of Aesthetics because of their public contestation of the censorship of Mihály Vörösmarty's play Csongor és Tünde denounced as a "pessimist aberration".[2] Their pro-Vörösmarty essay, published in the literary magazine Csillag, earned them the 1951 Attila József Prize and helped the reincorporation of the play in the National Theatre's repertoire.[2]
During the 1950s, Mészáros was an active member of the Hungarian Writers' Union and was involved in artistic and literary circles, notably in the anti-Stalnist Petőfi circle—a group associated with the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.[2][9] This interest for cultural issues reverberated in their 1955 doctoral dissertation in philosophy entitled Szatíra és valóság ("Satire and Reality"). In the following year, they were made editor of the cultural magazine Eszmélet, created by Lukács, composer Zoltán Kodály, and other personalities. Mészáros was also chosen to be an associate professor of philosophy and Lukács's successor at the Institute of Aesthetics.[2] However, after the defeat of the revolution and Lukács's imprisonment for supporting it, Mészáros verified that "there was no hope for socialist transformation in Hungary". So, after the Soviet invasion in 1956, they left the country,[2] becoming one of the first citizens from a Communist country to criticise Stalinism.[11]
Academic career in the West [ edit ]
Mészáros moved to Italy and was a professor at the University of Turin.[2] During their time in Turin, they wrote a book of memoirs about the Hungarian uprising titled La rivolta degli intellettuali in Ungheria ("The Revolt of the Intellectuals in Hungary") that was published in 1958 by Giulio Einaudi Editore.[12] They worked in Italy until moving to the United Kingdom, where they worked at Bedford College, London (1959–1961) and the University of St. Andrews (1961–1966).[2] In 1964, they released the book Attila József e l'arte moderna through the Milanese publisher Lerici [it].[14] They joined the University of Sussex in 1966,[15] where they held the Chair of Philosophy. Their 1970 book Marx's Theory of Alienation established their reputation in the English-speaking world, and won them that year Isaac Deutscher Memorial Prize.[11][16] Receiving the award, they got the opportunity to do the first Isaac Deutscher Memorial Lecture at the London School of Economics in the following year.[11] Originally conceived as "Alienation and Social Control" in late 1970,[17] the lecture was renamed "The Necessity of Social Control". In 1971, it appeared under the title "Alienation and the Necessity of Social Control" in the Socialist Register,[19] and was also published by Merlin Press in book-format as The Necessity of Social Control.[20]
In late 1972, Mészáros was appointed professor of philosophy to teach political theory courses at York University, Toronto, and then resigned their position at Sussex.[11][15] However, they had their visa refused by the Canadian government because their entry was not "in the best interests of the country" and they posed a "security risk".[2][15] Sussex's fellows Tom Bottomore, Roy Edgeley and Laurence Lerner spoke against the government decision,[11] as well as did York university officials, and 30 University of British Columbia's faculty members and students led by historian Jan M. Bak.[15][21] After allegadely accusations of being a "Russian spy" for KGB,[22] a letter to Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau by political scientist C. B. Macpherson,[23] Mészáros's deportation, and the change of immigration minister from Bryce Mackasey to Bob Andras, Mészáros was allowed to enter Canada legally in January 1973.[24] After that, they worked as a senior professor of York's Social and Political Thought Program for three years before returning to Sussex.[2][23]
Mészáros collected and edited thirteen 1958–1976 essays by Philippine historian Renato Constantino in a book titled Neo-Colonial Identity and Counter-Consciousness: Essays in Cultural Decolonisation.[25] First published by Merlin Press in 1978[26] and then by M. E. Sharpe in 1979,[25] it contained a 23-page introduction,[26] which would be later re-published in Journal of Contemporary Asia as a part of a tribute done in 2000 after Constantino's death.[27][28][29]
Mészaros was appointed emeritus professor by Sussex in 1991,[2] and they won the Lukács Prize in 1992. In 1995, they retired from Sussex, was nominated for the Michael Harrington Award for their work Beyond Capital, and was also elected a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.[2] In the late 1990s, they became an advisor to Monthly Review editors Harry Magdoff and John Bellamy Foster, and also contributed to the magazine and its parent Monthly Review Press.[2]
In 2009, they won the Venezuelan Premio Libertador al Pensamiento Crítico ("Libertador Prize for Critical Thinking") for their work The Challenge and Burden of Historical Time.[2][30] After this work, they also published the two-volume critique of "bourgeois ideology" Social Structure and Forms of Consciousnes: The Social Determination of Method in 2010 and The Dialectic of Structure and History in 2011.[2] Following the publication of latter, they planned to write a sequel for Beyond Capital, entitled Beyond Leviathan: Critique of the State. Meszáros drafted three volumes, The Historic Challenge, The Harsh Reality, and The Necessary Alternative, with the first volume almost completed.[2] However, in 2017, they died in Margate, where they were being cared for after a stroke in September made them leave their home in Ramsgate, Kent.[3]
Thought [ edit ]
Mészáros was a critic of politicians and philosophers who constantly used the sentence "there is no alternative". Usually associated with conservative figures like Margaret Thatcher, Mészáros stated it reached Labour parties, Communist statesmen like Mikhail Gorbachev, and former radicals turned post-modernists. Because of this, they believed Jean-Paul Sartre was an important philosopher to whom "Marxists owed a great debt to". Critical of Sartre's existentialism, Mészáros praised their opposition to the "there is no alternative" motto and affirmed, "I don't embrace their ideas but I embrace the aim". Mészáros declared, "Sartre was a man who always preached the diametrical opposite: there is an alternative, there must be an alternative; you as an individual have to rebel against this power, this monstrous power of capital. Marxists on the whole failed to voice that side". This was reflected on Mészáros's The Work of Sartre: Search for Freedom, first published in 1979 and expanded in 2012 with a new section, "The Challenge of History".[33]
Mészáros believed it was important to do a distinction between capitalism and capital to theorise about a transition to socialism. They posited that capital appeared "a thousand of years" prior to capitalism and that it can continue without capitalism, which is the case of Soviet Union (USSR) in their understanding. In this sense, a revolutionary upheaval can overthrow capitalism in a limited area by the expropriation of the capitalist class, but the power of capital can still control the system through the division of labour and the "hierarchical command structure of capital". Mészáros defined capital as "command system whose mode of functioning is accumulation-oriented". In their conception, the extraction of surplus value can be done in a "political way"—like in the case of USSR—or through "an economically regulated extraction of surplus labour and surplus value"—like in the West. Mészáros argued that the acummulation process "was done in a very improper fashion from the point of view of productivity" and in a 1982 essay said that it would eventually collpse because of this fact—and not because of US-backed anticommunist military policies.
Personal life [ edit ]
Mészáros met the Italian Donatella Morisi in 1955 in Paris, and married them on 14 February 1956.[2][3] They had three children: Laura, born 1956; Susie, born 1960; and Giorgio, born 1962.[2] They were married until Donatella died in 2007.[3]
Works [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The recent outbreaks of measles in the United States hurt my scientific heart. And I say “heart” not because the way I regard vaccines is based on a feeling or what a Playboy Bunny said or a real estate mogul tweeted, but because there are children who are seriously ill who could have been protected.
My scientific brain that was put through the rigors of earning a Microbiology B.S. and an M.D. from the University of Maryland is not happy either. I'm not practicing medicine at this time, but I know vaccines are safe because I have read and evaluated the scientific research. I am not swayed by the hype that drives ratings sweeps and cranks up website pageviews. If the MMR (measles/mumps/rubella) vaccine was a cartoon, many would draw it with a pitchfork and horns.
I understand that as an individual, it may seem like no big deal for YOU to skip immunizations for your kids or to alter the administration schedule. “It's MY right. I'm just being safe.” Unfortunately, you are part of a community or in immunological terms, a “herd.”
It all comes down to herd immunity. When many people are immunized, it doesn't leave a place for the diseases to “breed and live.” When the community at large is vaccinated and protected, this means that people who are not eligible to be vaccinated such as infants, pregnant women, and immunocompromised people also get some measure of protection from the disease because the collective “community immunity” doesn't give it room to spread. This also means that even if a vaccine is not 100% effective, people are unlikely to get sick because the disease is just not around.
So if YOU decide not to vaccinate your kids in a community with high immunization rates, your children will probably be fine. They're getting the benefits from your community's responsible actions.
The problem comes when you “herd” yourself with other anti-vaccinators. You create a lovely pool for the disease to infect and spread as can be seen in New York City. We live in a global society and measles is still out there because of fear mongering and because OTHER COUNTRIES CAN'T AFFORD THE VACCINE.
And guess what? You've not only put your children at risk, but you've put those who can't be vaccinated, as mentioned before, at risk also.
Oh, and one more thing, YOU may be at risk too. Up to five percent of children vaccinated fail to develop immunity and sometimes immunity can wane, but this is usually overcome by giving a second dose of MMR before entering school. However, the second dose policy was not implemented until 1989. Did you get that second dose?
The decision not to vaccinate seems to sprout like a fungus from the false beliefs that 1) vaccines cause autism and 2) that childhood illnesses are no big deal.
1. F alse Premise: Vaccines cause autism.
A few things first. I understand that scientific papers are hard to slug through. And not all research is created equal. Studies that are observational, do just that, observe what has already happened. These rely heavily on patient reporting.
This is a weaker study than the gold standard, randomized controlled trials, in which the subjects are randomly distributed into groups which are either subjected to the experimental procedure or which do not receive it and serve as controls. In this kind of study, there is less bias and it is easier to weed out coincidences.
Also, published research is not a proclamation of fact. It is a sharing of what has been discovered to advance science. It doesn't mean it is flawless. “Discoveries” do not come from one paper. Multiple scientists must replicate and advance a finding before a real “Eureka!” moment is reached.
It's easy to forget this when the press latches onto a concept like “MMR causes autism,” and pukes it from the rooftops to stir panic and fear because that keeps you coming back for more.
All of the MMR vaccine misinformation can be traced back to one paper. The link between this vaccine and autism was proposed by a British physician, Andrew Wakefield, in the February 1998 issue of The Lancet. This finding has never been replicated by any other researchers. More importantly, it was discovered to be manufactured from fraudulent data and has been RETRACTED.
There were only twelve children in the observational study–this means that even if the findings were true, they really only provided a starting point for other research, not for conclusions. However, that hardly matters since the entire causal effect was based on what the parents reported as the length of time from the administration of the vaccine to onset of autism spectrum symptoms AND THAT DATA WAS FALSIFIED. The timelines of the children's symptoms were misrepresented.
Even more damning was Wakefield's conflict of interest. How could an article with such a small sample size and the title, Ileal-lymphoid-nodular hyperplasia, non-specific colitis, and pervasive developmental disorder in children, cause such a fervor? Wakefield had an agenda to advance because they were a paid consultant to attorneys representing parents with anti-vaccine lawsuits. The General Medical Council in the U.K. revoked Wakefield's medical license because of their fraudulent report and unethical behavior.
What is atrocious is that it took until 2010 for that paper to be retracted and for Wakefield to lose their license. For over a decade the fires of misinformation have been fanned and stirred into a bonfire so raging that four years after it should be extinguished it is still smoldering.
And the target of controversy has also shifted. The original autism scapegoat was the MMR vaccine, but the blame game has subtly shifted to focus on the ethylmercury vaccine perservative, thimerosal. This shift was spurred more by activist and political groups than science. Regardless, thimerosal has been removed from vaccines, mostly since 2001.
My heart breaks for the parents who are just looking for answers for their children on the autism spectrum, but I seethe with anger over all of the money that has been diverted from worthwhile autism research to prove over and over again that vaccines are not linked to it. With the combined studies to date, millions of children have been studied and no link has been found.
2. False Premise: Childhood illnesses are no big deal.
In the United States, today's parents mistakenly think that not vaccinating is the safer choice because they do not remember, or maybe, they have never even seen the diseases. But these “childhood diseases” aren't just spotty rashes or coughs. They can cause lasting disabilities and, at times, death. At the very least, they cause weeks of suffering and prolonged time off from work for caregivers. Because these are viral diseases, there is generally no specific treatment once they are contracted.
Here is a crash course on a few, but not all, preventable diseases.
Measles: Worldwide, it remains one of the leading causes of death among young children globally, despite the availability of a safe and effective vaccine. Approximately 122, 000 people died from measles in 2012 – mostly children under the age of five. Some of the more serious side effects are blindness and encephalitis.
Mumps: The infections are usually mild but cause painful swelling of the salivary glands. Sometimes there is swelling of the pancreas and testicles (rarely, this can lead to infertility).
Rubella: It's generally a mild disease in children; but the infection of pregnant women is dangerous because it can cause congenital rubella syndrome (a variety of birth defects) in developing babies.
Pertussis: Also known as whooping cough, it is most severe for young babies. About half of babies younger than 1 year of age who get it end up in the hospital, and a few even die from the disease. It can be pretty serious in adults too. The coughing can be so forceful, it can crack ribs. Pertussis is seeing a resurgence so check with your doctor to see if you need the Tdap vaccine as a booster. You may be due.
Chicken Pox: While the disease is usually mild, it can lead to pneumonia and swelling of the brain. Also, the chicken pox virus “embeds” in your nerve endings. You may get painful shingles infections later in life when the dormant virus re-emerges.
Polio: There was a time that every parent lived in fear of this disease. While it most often produced flu-like symptoms, it could also cause paralysis and death.
This is not a childhood disease, but it deserves an honorable mention.
Human Papilloma Virus: This virus causes cervical cancer. The vaccine reduces the risk of CANCER. That is amazing.
My oldest child was born in 1998 and was due for their first MMR vaccination in 1999, right when the hysteria was gaining momentum. My husband and I had them vaccinated. I had read Wakefield's paper for myself and realized the flaws. Also a well performed study by Brent Miller was already published. They studied 498 children and could not find a link between the MMR vaccine and autism.
Since that time, millions of kids have been studied and no links have been found. Please consider the weight of the evidence produced versus the fraud that was popularized when making decisions for your kids. You're not just affecting yourself, but the health of the whole community.
-Ellen
For another great article on vaccinations read this one from Violent Metaphors.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest.
Check out our books, please, “I Just Want to Be Alone” and “You Have Lipstick on Your Teeth.”
Have every post delivered to your inbox! You can opt out at any time, but you won't want to.
Enter your email address:
Leaked Email Shows Hillary Camp Internally Bragging About “Killing” a Story Linking Bill Clinton $500K Moscow Speech to Magnitsky Bill
As TGP previously reported, former president, Bill Clinton gave a speech to the Russia-based Renaissance Capital in Moscow on June 29, 2010 for $500,000.
Wikileaks leaked an email from the ‘Podesta emails' showing Hillary's camp internally bragging that they killed a Bloomberg story linking Bill Clinton's $500K Moscow cash to the Magnitsky bill. Let's talk about Russian collusion, shall we?
FOX News reported on Clinton's speech in Russia:
Trump White House officials now are trying to draw attention to that speech and the Clintons' ties to Russia in a bid to counter criticism over Trump Jr.'s now-infamous meeting. “If you want to talk about having relationships with Russia, I'd look no further than the Clintons,” Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said at a briefing last week. “Bill Clinton was paid half a million dollars to give a speech to a Russian bank, personally thanked by President Putin.” The former president indeed had received a personal call from then-Prime Minister Vladimir Putin expressing their appreciation for the speech. According to Mrs. Clinton's ethics disclosure form filed while they were secretary of State, Bill Clinton was paid $500,000 by the Russia-based finance company Renaissance Capital for their June 29, 2010, speech in Moscow to its employees and guests attending the company's annual conference.
Wikileaks torched the Clinton's with this release from the Podesta emails. A former Clinton campaign spokesperson bragging about hiding favors the Clinton's did for the Russians:
Hillary campaign spokesperson internally bragged about “killing” story linking $500k Moscow cash to Magnitsky bill https://t.co/2QhGW4PCxA pic.twitter.com/uL7r61YdC9 — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) July 14, 2017
The approach I use to generate the game probabilities considers team performance only. Its biggest flaw is that when a key player is out with an injury, the model ignores it unless we make some estimates about what effect the injury will have on team performance.
The injury that may have the biggest effect on any team this season is probably Ben Roethlisberger's shoulder and rib injury. This is particularly troubling for Pittsburgh fans because the Steelers play the division rival Ravens twice in the next three weeks.
This Sunday night, Byron Leftwich will start for the Steelers in place of Roethlisberger. It's uncertain what kind of performance to expect from him, but we can generally expect second-string quarterbacks to perform about a yard or so per attempt worse than the starter. Interception rates are very difficult to pin down because they are low-rate events to begin with, but we can logically expect those to increase.
Looking at the oddsmakers' forecast for the Ravens-Steelers game, the spread began with a 3-point edge for Pittsburgh and moved to about a 3-point edge for Baltimore. The original 3-point advantage given to Pittsburgh is exactly what my model would have predicted, which is a 58 percent chance of winning for the Steelers. This essentially says that the teams are nearly identical in team strength, but home-field advantage goes to the Steelers.
The 6-point swing that the Roethlisberger injury caused implies that Leftwich will not perform well at all. To get to where Baltimore has a 3-point advantage, I'd need to drop the Steelers' pass efficiency from Roethlisberger's 6.5 net yards per attempt (YPA) to 5.1 YPA, while increasing the team interception rate from 1.2 percent to 3.0 percent. (The league average is 2.6 percent.) Those are very large differences, and I think they're too big.
Leftwich struggled at times against the Chiefs in relief Monday night, but in general they have performed well while backing up Roethlisberger. They have not thrown an interception in their 57 pass attempts for Pittsburgh. That's not many attempts, but their career average is only 2.6 percent. While playing for the Steelers they have averaged 6.3 YPA, and their career average is 6.0 YPA. He'll have a week to prepare as the starter and a strong team around him, and I think the conventional wisdom is too pessimistic about Leftwich.
Replacing the actual team passing stats with numbers more in line with Leftwich's recent history still gives Pittsburgh a small edge, according to the prediction model. Baltimore is the better team with Roethlisberger on the sideline, but home-field advantage makes the difference.
Here are this week's (unadjusted) game probabilities.
Pwin GAME Pwin 0.48 Miami at Buffalo 0.52 0.30 Arizona at Atlanta 0.70 0.31 Cleveland at Dallas 0.69 0.44 Green Bay at Detroit 0.56 0.63 Cincinnati at Kansas City 0.37 0.42 Philadelphia at Washington 0.58 0.35 Tampa Bay at Carolina 0.65 0.14 Jacksonville at Houston 0.86 0.35 Jets at St. Louis 0.65 0.44 New Orleans at Oakland 0.56 0.17 San Diego at Denver 0.83 0.34 Indianapolis at New England 0.66 0.42 Baltimore at Pittsburgh 0.58 0.33 Chicago at San Francisco 0.67
Brian Burke, a former Navy pilot who has taken up the less dangerous hobby of N.F.L. analysis, operates Advanced NFL Stats, a blog about football, statistics and game theory.
NEW YORK (Project Syndicate) — Since the global financial crisis erupted in 2008, productivity growth in the advanced economies — the U.S., Europe, and Japan — has been very slow both in absolute terms and relative to previous decades.
But this is at odds with the view, prevailing in Silicon Valley and other global technology hubs, that we are entering a new golden era of innovation, which will radically increase productivity growth and improve the way we live and work. So why haven't those gains appeared, and what might happen if they don't?
Some technological pessimists argue that the economic impact of recent innovations pales in comparison to that of the great innovations of the First and Second Industrial Revolutions.
Breakthrough innovations are evident in at least six areas:
1. ET (energy technologies, including new forms of fossil fuels such as shale gas and oil and alternative-energy sources such as solar and wind, storage technologies, clean tech, and smart electric grids).
2. BT (biotechnologies, including genetic therapy, stem-cell research, and the use of big data to reduce health-care costs radically and allow individuals to live much longer and healthier lives).
3. IT (information technologies, such as Web 2.0/3.0, social media, new apps, the Internet of Things, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and virtual-reality devices).
4. MT (manufacturing technologies, such as robotics, automation, 3D printing, and personalized manufacturing).
5. FT (financial technologies that promise to revolutionize everything from payment systems to lending, insurance services and asset allocation).
6. DT (defense technologies, including the development of drones and other advanced weapon systems).
At the macro level, the puzzle is why these innovations, many of which are already in play in our economies, have not yet led to a measured increase in productivity growth. There are several potential explanations for what economists call the “productivity puzzle.”
First, some technological pessimists — such as Northwestern University's Robert Gordon — argue that the economic impact of recent innovations pales in comparison to that of the great innovations of the First and Second Industrial Revolutions (the steam engine, electricity, piped water and sanitation, antimicrobial drugs, and so on). But, as economic historian Joel Mokyr (also at Northwestern) has argued, it is hard to be a technological pessimist, given the breadth of innovations that are occurring and that are likely to occur in the next few decades.
A second explanation is that we are overlooking actual output — and thus productivity growth — because the new information-intensive goods and services are hard to measure, and their costs may be falling faster than standard methods allow us to gauge. But if this were true, one would need to argue that the mis-measure of productivity growth is more severe today than in past decades of technological innovation.
So far, there is no hard empirical evidence that that is the case. Yet some economists suggest that we are not correctly measuring the output of cheaper software, as opposed to hardware, and the many benefits of the free goods associated with the Internet. Indeed, between search engines and ubiquitous apps, knowledge is at our fingertips nearly always, making our lives easier and more productive.
A third explanation is that there is always a lag between innovation and productivity growth. In the first internet revolution, the acceleration in productivity growth that started in the technology sector spread to the overall economy only many years later, as business- and consumer-facing applications of the new digital tools were applied in the production of goods and services far removed from the tech sector. This time, too, it may take a while for the new technologies to become widespread and lead to measured increases in productivity growth.
There is a fourth possibility: Potential growth and productivity growth have actually fallen since the financial crisis, as aging populations in most advanced economies and some key emerging markets (such as China and Russia), combined with lower investment in physical capital (which increases labor productivity), have led to lower trend growth. Indeed, the hypothesis of “secular stagnation” proposed by Larry Summers is consistent with this fall.
A related explanation emphasizes the phenomenon that economists call hysteresis: A persistent cyclical downturn or weak recovery (like the one we have experienced since 2008) can reduce potential growth for at least two reasons. First, if workers remain unemployed for too long, they lose their skills and human capital; second, because technological innovation is embedded in new capital goods, low investment leads to permanently lower productivity growth.
The reality is that we don't know for sure what is driving the productivity puzzle or whether it is a temporary phenomenon. There is most likely some merit to all of the explanations on offer. But if weak productivity growth persists — and with it subpar growth in wages and living standards — the recent populist backlash against free trade, globalization, migration, and market-oriented policies is likely to strengthen. Thus, advanced economies have a large stake in addressing the causes of the productivity slowdown before it jeopardizes social and political stability.
Nouriel Roubini is chairperson of Roubini Macro Associates and professor of economics at the Stern School of Business, New York University.
This article was published with the permission of Project Syndicate.
The second and final day of the Inside Bitcoins NYC conference took place on 8th April at the Javits Center in Manhattan, and built further on themes discussed in the conference's informative first day.
Although the topics that were discussed ranged from decentralized autonomous corporations (DACs) to merchant adoption of digital currencies, the conversation frequently returned to the issue of regulation, and a particular focus was given to Wall Street's involvement with bitcoin through institutional investments.
Wall Street debates the fair value of bitcoin
The opening keynote for the day featured a panel of speakers who work on Wall Street. Panelists such as SecondMarket Founder and CEO Barry Silbert and Wedbush Securities' Managing Director Gil Luria provided insight on how bitcoin is viewed by the big players in New York's financial district.
“@Wedbush has decided to embrace bitcoin […] and we plan to continue being involved.” – @gilluria at bitcoinconf — CoinDesk (@coindesk) April 8, 2014
Throughout the morning, Bloomberg's World Stock Index was cited as an influencing factor regarding institutions on Wall Street ultimately investing in bitcoin.
Dan Morehead, CEO of Pantera Capital, weighed in on the subject during a panel entitled ‘Birth of a New Asset Class: The Institutional Investor View on Bitcoin':
“The reality is that there's a lot of people on Wall Street who won't trade in something that's not on Bloomberg. It may be arbitrary, but it's the truth.”
This stance seemed to be echoed by panel members during the opening keynote. Luria also referenced Bloomberg's stock index and shared some news that received an audibly warm response from the room:
“I called my Bloomberg rep to ask when they'd start quoting bitcoin. The answer was soon.” – @gilluria of @Wedbush#bitcoinconf — CoinDesk (@coindesk) April 8, 2014
After telling the audience that in the world of Wall Street, “if it's on Bloomberg, then it's real”, Luria continued to postulate the fair market value of bitcoin, concluding with a prediction that received a mixed response from panelists and attendees.
Said Luria:
“I think that if a lot things happen right, the price could reach $500,000 to $1m per bitcoin.”
Among the factors that need to “happen right” for this valuation to be realized was, of course, regulation.
The topic of governmental regulation pervaded the discussion about Wall Street's involvement with bitcoin, and even became the primary focus of a seemingly less-related panel titled ‘Creating and Funding the Next 100 Great Bitcoin Companies'.
Regulation steals the show
While there was a vocal minority of attendees in opposition of the regulation of digital currencies, it was evident that most people in attendance have warmed up to the notion that some level of governmental regulation is inevitable for bitcoin to be sustainable in the long term.
Texas Congressman Steve Stockman took the microphone and was immediately met with applause from the room.
Rep. Stockman surprised the crowd with an announcement regarding the IRS' recent classification of bitcoin as property, which was a hotly debated topic throughout the conference:
BREAKING: Texas Congressman Steve Stockman will introduce a bill that will “take bitcoin out of the IRS' hands, reclassify it as currency” — CoinDesk (@coindesk) April 8, 2014
Rep. Stockman continued to say that they value the feedback of the bitcoin community, and reassured the crowded room that their office works to serve the public – including the bitcoin community – and not the other way around.
‘Learning curve' for regulators
One of the more poignant talks of the day was delivered by John G. Collins, who serves as a professional staff member on the US Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
Collins works as an advisor to US Senator Tom Carper, and opened their lecture with a refreshing level of transparency, telling attendees that they hope to learn more from the bitcoin community so that “when [members of Congress] do make decisions, they're thoughtful and informed.”
[post-quote]
Referring to the technical and financial complexities that underlie bitcoin and other digital currencies, Collins admitted that public policy in the US can often move at a slow pace, and said that it's natural for there “to be a learning curve in the government, and for there to be a lot of questions”.
Collins explained the fundamental challenge that the US government faces in dealing with bitcoin: the government is concerned about consumer protection and doesn't want to “chase [their] tails on the law enforcement side”, but regulators also want to avoid stifling innovation and driving jobs and capital overseas.
An emphasis was placed on fostering collaboration between the bitcoin community and regulators. Collins conceded that “regulators only know as much as [the community is] willing to educate them about”, but asserted that the bitcoin community needs to acknowledge the political, legal and consumer protection issues that cause concern for regulators.
Moving forward
The general tolerance of regulation among attendees of Inside Bitcoins NYC signals what many consider to be the next phase in bitcoin's penetration into mainstream adoption.
With institutional investors from Wall Street showing interest in bitcoin – a higher calibre of entrepreneurs entering the scene and a general warming up to regulators – Inside Bitcoins NYC made it clear that the digital currency industry is quickly maturing, and as such, it demands to be taken seriously.
Images via Tom Sharkey
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria's army has sealed the few remaining smuggling routes into the besieged eastern suburbs of Damascus, activists and aid workers said on Wednesday, tightening a chokehold on rebel-held areas near the capital.
Civilians carry bottles as they queue to buy petrol in eastern al-Ghouta, near Damascus, October 22, 2013. REUTERS/Msallam Abd Albaset
Activists inside the Eastern Ghouta region, a semicircle of rural towns outside Damascus, said no food or supplies had entered the region in days. They said the army began intensifying its blockade over a week ago.
Residents worry that conditions will soon mirror those of people living in suburbs to the west of the capital, where hunger has become so severe that doctors have reported several cases of death and illness from malnutrition.
Aid workers confirmed the activists' accounts.
“It seems the government is tightening its grip on these areas. It seems something is going on, but we can't figure it out,” one humanitarian worker said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Analysts say President Bashar al-Assad's forces have recently intensified efforts to try and starve out the rebels fighting to oust him.
In the past few months the army has managed to halt the rebels' advance around Damascus, but it has been unable to root them out of many areas they entered on the outskirts of the capital.
“Last week, the army managed to seal the last smuggling route from Damascus that we used to get food and flour. If we don't find a new opening, we'll be destroyed,” said an activist who calls themselves Nidal, speaking by Skype.
Activists said fighting on the roads outside another village called Mleiha, where the rebels have made advances in recent days, closed the only other potential route for food and fuel.
“Fuel is like water here, we need it for everything because the regime cut our electricity a year ago. We need it for power, we need it for our vehicles, for farm equipment,” said an activist in the area named Mohammed.
They said a tank of gasoline now costs 13,000 Syrian pounds (about $74), more than double what it cost two weeks ago. Bread prices have also nearly doubled to about $5 for a bag of bread, activist said.
“We are talking about the people who can afford to buy. More and more people have nothing to pay with at all,” said Amar al-Hassan, an activist in the area, speaking by Skype.
Aid groups have struggled to get access to areas across Syria because they are blockaded either by the army or rebels.
Fighting in other areas can also make them too dangerous to enter, leaving civilians trapped with little food or medical aid, sometimes for weeks at a time.
Related Coverage Norway sees hurdles to helping destroy Syrian chemical arms
The 2-1/2-year conflict has killed well over 100,000 people. More than 2 million Syrians have sought refuge abroad and millions more have been displaced inside the country.
Residents in Eastern Ghouta say they fear a “Mouadimiya scenario”. The suburb, west of Damascus, has grappled with severe food shortages for nearly a year.
Aid workers in Damascus, who negotiated a truce to get out thousands of residents from the town, said that locals had resorted to eating leaves and grass.
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump arrive on Air Force One to accompany President Trump for a tour of a Boeing facility in South Carolina on Feb. 17. (Photo: Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
Last September, after the handbag designer Ivanka Trump declared that childcare for working families would be their top policy priority if their father were president, I wrote a column about what I thought would happen if Donald Trump won.
My fear was that Trump would run their White House the way they had run their business empire — as a right of inheritance. The convention in Cleveland had made it clear to anyone paying attention that Trump wasn't running as a Republican, but rather as the patriarch of a celebrity clan. I called the column “Ivanka Trump, White House czar.”
I was wrong. In an administration where women play only supportive roles, Ivanka has settled for assistant White House czar. The bigger job belongs to their 36-year-old husband, Jared Kushner, whose portfolio so far includes brokering Middle East peace, negotiating trade deals, reconfiguring the federal government, stamping out opioids, establishing ties with China and Mexico and — as of this week — surveying our strategy in Iraq.
I guess all that's left is to put them in charge of financial regulation and criminal prosecutions, and then the entire aging Cabinet can spend the next three-plus years swimming and swing dancing at Mar-a-Lago, like characters from “Cocoon.”
A raft of critics has recently come after Jared and Ivanka, alleging that they don't know a thing about policy (well, yeah) and that they're awash in ethical conflicts (like that matters). But the problem with Washington's newest power couple is larger and more pervasive than any of that, and it illuminates the underlying darkness in this administration.
Before we get to that, though, let's put all this in some context. It's not uncommon for presidents to rely on the guidance of spouses or other relatives, as we all do. But you'd have to go back to the early 1960s to find anything remotely comparable to the familial power center in Trump's White House.
I've just read a terrific forthcoming book called “The Revolution of Robert Kennedy,” by the historian John R. Bohrer, which reminded me of how blatantly the Kennedys made their White House a family affair. It was Joseph Kennedy, the president's father, who decreed that another of their sons, Robert, would be the attorney general. No one spoke to John Kennedy more, or had more influence across the entire spectrum of policy, than their brother.
So blatant was it, in fact, that in 1967 Congress passed a law barring any president from naming a relative to the Cabinet or to the helm of any federal agency. (That also applies to posts in the District of Columbia government, in case Trump was thinking of annexing the city and making Tiffany its provincial governor.) This is why Jared can't actually have the jobs of all the Cabinet secretaries he's displacing.
Jared Kushner, right, during a helicopter transit over Baghdad on Monday. (Photo: Navy Petty Officer 2nd Class Dominique A. Pineiro/DoD/Handout via Reuters) More
But let's be real: Drawing a line from RFK to Jared Kushner is like trying to compare B.B. King to Drake. By the time they became attorney general at 35, Kennedy — again, with some assistance from their father — had already achieved notoriety as the unflinching lead counsel for a mob-busting Senate committee. He'd been a government prosecutor for a decade.
Kushner hadn't served a day on a school board before Trump put them in charge of, you know, America. Near as I can tell, their sole achievement in their young life — much like their wife's — is to have spent their parents' money on cool stuff, like some buildings and a once trendy newspaper you've never read. (Kushner does have one thing in common with Bobby Kennedy: Their father gave a ton of money to Harvard before they attended.)
CA says Prince Charles' advocacy letters should be produced
by David Hart QC
R (o.t.a Rob Evans) v. Attorney-General, Information Commissioner Interested Party, 12 March 2014 – read judgment
The Court of Appeal (reversing a strong court including the former Lord Chief Justice – see my previous post) has decided that correspondence between the Prince of Wales and various government departments should be released. A Guardian journalist had made a request under the Freedom of Information Act and the Environmental Information Regulations to see these documents. The Upper Tribunal had agreed that they should be disclosed.
At that point, the Attorney-General intervened and signed a certificate saying “no”.
This intervention was made under section 53 of FOIA which enables the AG to decide that an order against a government department shall cease to have effect, if they or they had “reasonable grounds” for so concluding. And the AG did so conclude; they disagreed with the UT's evaluation of various conventions about what the Prince of Wales should or should not do as part of their education towards monarchy.
The Divisional Court
The Divisional Court had been a tad surprised that a statute could enable a member of the executive to override an existing adjudication of a court, in this case, the UT of 3 members including a High Court judge. But it thought that constitutional proprieties governing the balance between the executive and the courts were preserved because the AG's own decision to issue the certificate was itself subject to judicial review.
But the devil is in the detail; a successful judicial review only arises if there is some error of law in the AG's decision, and this, according to the Divisional Court, included subjecting the decision to “close scrutiny” of a more intensive nature than would be required on an assessment of Wednesbury irrationality. Using that standard of review, there was no error of law and the AG's prohibition on production of the letters could stand.
The Court of Appeal
The principal decision turned on what is meant by that innocent and much-used word “reasonable” which, like many legal concepts, is significantly affected by the context in which it is used. The CA thought that the key element of context was that in any s.53(2) intervention there had been a prior decision by an independent and impartial body – a court. In that context, it was not “reasonable” for the AG to intervene merely because they disagreed with the decision of the UT. As the CA put it
Something more is required. Examples of what would suffice are that there has been a material change of circumstances since the tribunal decision or that the decision of the tribunal was demonstrably flawed in fact or in law
It relied on three cases from planning, immigration and parliamentary ombudsman contexts in which this test had been applied to circumstances in which local or central government sought to depart from existing findings by a court or tribunal: the cases are discussed at [23]-[28].
The AG had not applied this test in drafting their certificate. Mere disagreement did not amount to reasonable grounds and their decision fell to be quashed because they had carried out their decision-making process using a flawed approach.
The EU/Aarhus point
Some of the information, given the PoW's interests, was environmental. This information engaged the Aarhus Convention and the EU Directive on public access to environmental information which implemented Aarhus into EU law, and thus into the Environmental Information Regulations.
Mr Evans argued that the s.53(2) override was unlawful because s.53 of FOIA (via EIR reg.18) was not compatible with Article 6 of the Environmental Information Directive or with Article 47 of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights. Their argument was supported by the Information Commissioner.
The CA, again disagreeing with the Divisional Court, found for Mr Evans. Put simply, s. 53(2) insofar as it is applied to environmental information is in breach of EU law.
The key provisions are in Article 6 of the EU Directive which not only required a review procedure by Article 6(1) but by Article 6(2) “access to a review procedure before a court of law or another independent and impartial body established by law”, whose decisions shall be “final” and (Article 6(3)) “binding” on the public authority.
Now evidently the findings of the UT (or indeed other courts) were neither final nor binding on the executive, if the AG could simply reach for s.53(2) and displace those decisions by signing the relevant certificate. The AG's argument however was that that was not the end of it, because domestic courts provided for judicial review which inevitably entailed a review of the AG's decision.
The CA was unimpressed. The review required under Article 6 was not the same as the review provided in judicial review. As the Master of the Rolls put it in [55]
The focus of the two reviews is different. …..the direct and central question on a judicial review is not whether the public authority concerned failed to act in accordance with its FOIA/EIR duties. Rather, it is whether the accountable person had reasonable grounds for forming the opinion that the public authority had not failed so to act. On a judicial review, the court may conclude that the accountable person had reasonable grounds for forming such an opinion although it would itself have decided the issue differently. That difference is not a mere matter of form….In short, for the purposes of article 6(2), the focus of a judicial review of a section 53(2) certificate is on the wrong decision.
The CA also relied upon the right to an effective remedy before a tribunal conferred by Article 47 of the EU Charter. This is equivalent to the right to access to court under Article 6 ECHR, and thus brings in ECtHR case law. The CA (at [60]-(63]) found assistance in a pair of Russian cases in Strasbourg: Ryabykh v Russia and Borshchevskiy v Russia. In Ryabykh, a court had given judgment in the applicant's favour. The judgment was the subject of a “supervisory review” by the Presidium of the Belogrod Regional Court who set it aside. The ECtHR found a violation of article 6. The ECtHR said (para 51) that one of the fundamental aspects of the rule of law is the “principle of legal certainty, which requires, among other things, that where the courts have finally determined an issue, their ruling should not be called into question”. Legal certainty presupposes respect for the principle of finality of judgments: “the mere possibility of two views on the subject is not a ground for re-examination” (para 52) – wording which had particular resonance for the AG's reasons for intervening. The ECtHR also said that the right of a litigant to a determination by a court would be illusory if a state's legal system allowed a judicial decision which had become final and binding to be quashed by a higher court on an application made by a State official (para 56). Hence, by using the supervisory review procedure, the Presidium of the Regional Court infringed the principle of legal certainty and the applicant's “right to a court” under article 6(1) ECHR.
The CA heard a good deal of argument on what standard of review was required by Article 6(2) of the Environmental Information Directive. The Divisional Court thought that system of judicial review of an AG's certificate was capable of amounting to such a system of review. The Master of the Rolls appears to have been inclined to follow Sullivan LJ in Birkett to the effect that de novo review was required, which is not afforded by judicial review, but ultimately concluded that (a) such a conclusion was not necessary for its decision and (b) had it been so, the outcome was not sufficiently clear-cut (acte clair in EU jargon) and they would have been inclined to refer it to the CJEU in Luxembourg.
The outcome
The Court decided that the AG applied the wrong test in issuing their certificate. As the CA summarised it at [81],
The mere fact that they reached a different conclusion from the UT in weighing the competing public interests involved was not enough. They had no good reason for overriding the meticulous decision of the UT reached after six days of hearing and argument. They could point to no error of law or fact in the UT's decision and the Government Departments concerned did not even seek permission to appeal it.
In addition, any environmental information to and from the Prince could not be subject of a certificate, because the certification procedure was in breach of the EU Directive on Environmental Information.
Comment
Two powerful courts have approached a case with instinctive dislike of this executive override of a highly reasoned decision by a tribunal. The Divisional Court felt constrained to decide that the ultimate decision was lawful. The CA did not. The case has all the hallmarks of one which will go to the Supreme Court, if not to the CJEU on the more fundamental question as to whether environmental information can ever be subject to such an override.
Sign up to free human rights updates by email, Facebook, Twitter or RSS
Read more
Get the biggest Rangers stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
UEFA has confirmed it has opened disciplinary proceedings against Rangers after objects were allegedly thrown during their return to European football on Thursday.
After a six-year hiatus from continental competitions, the Light Blues secured a narrow 1-0 victory over Luxembourg's Progres Niederkorn in the Europa League first qualifying round on Thursday at Ibrox.
However, the Glasgow club will now be the subject of a disciplinary case after UEFA revealed it was investigating the throwing of objects during the qualifying-round tie.
Rangers were asked for a comment this evening but said they would not be responding.
(Image: SNS Group)
(Image: SNS Group)
Rangers fan group Club 1872 released a statement claiming it had been informed Rangers were cited to the governing body because some supporters in the Broomloan Stand threw scrunched-up balls of paper onto the pitch.
(Image: SNS Group)
The UEFA Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body will rule on the case this Friday.
The visual world appears unified, stable, and continuous despite rapid changes in eye position. How this is accomplished has puzzled psychologists for over a century. One possibility is that visual information from successive eye fixations is fused in memory according to environmental or spatiotopic coordinates. Evidence supporting this hypothesis was provided by Davidson, Fox, and Dick (1973). They presented a letter array in one fixation and a mask at one letter position in a subsequent fixation and found that the mask inhibited report of the letter that shared its retinal coordinates but appeared to occupy the same position as the letter that shared its spatial coordinates. This suggests the existence of a retinotopic visual persistence at which transsaccadic masking occurs and a spatiotopic visual persistence at which transsaccadic integration, or fusion, occurs. Using a similar procedure, we found retinotopic masking and retinotopic integration: The mask interfered with the letter that shared its retinal coordinates, but also appeared to cover that letter. In another experiment, instead of a mask we presented a bar marker over one letter position, and subjects reported the letter that appeared underneath the bar; subjects usually reported the letter with the same retinal coordinates as the bar, again suggesting retinotopic rather than spatiotopic integration across saccades. In Experiment 3 a bar marker was again presented over one letter position, but in addition a visual landmark was presented after the saccade so that subjects could localize the bar's spatial position; subjects still reported that the letter that shared the bar's retinal coordinates appeared to be under it, but they were also able to accurately specify the bar's spatial position. This ability could have been based on retinal information (the visual landmark) present in the second fixation only, however, rather than spatiotopic visual persistence. Because such a visual landmark was present in the Davidson et al. (1973) experiments, we conclude that their findings can be explained solely in retinotopic terms and provide no convincing evidence for spatiotopic visual persistence. But the exposure parameters that Davidson et al. (1973) and we used were biased in favor of retinotopic, rather than spatiotopic, coding: The stimuli were presented very briefly just before a saccadic eye movement, and subjects are poor at spatially localizing stimuli under these conditions. Thus, in Experiment 4 we presented the letter array about 200 ms before the saccade; then, subjects reported that the letter with the same spatial coordinates as the bar appeared under it.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS).
PLEASANT VIEW — A young family of four recently relocated from their 8,000-square-foot house to a 2,200 square-foot home, primarily so they can give back to others.
After living in the large North Ogden home for only six months, Ashley Hughes felt prompted to move. The feeling didn't go away. While they lived there, they felt that the majority of their income was going toward their mortgage and other bills and that their family wasn't able to do things they wanted to such as vacationing together and giving back to others in a bigger way.
After about a year of living there, they and their husband both felt they should move, so they listed the house and it sold in one month, Hughes said.
About three weeks ago, Hughes and their husband and their twin boys moved to their new house in Pleasant View.
“We love it, and our kids love it, so we just we're so happy,” they said.
The Hughes' are currently making plans to give back. In October, they hope to take a family with them to Disneyland. They are holding a giveaway for the Disneyland trip.* To find out how to enter the giveaway and to read the disclaimers, visit their blog.
“We have another family that we're doing a surprise kitchen remodel for,” Hughes said. “So we're working with their kids right now, the kids know about it, the parents don't, so we're sending them out of town when it's all going to go down, and then that should be happening within the next month or two. We just have to get the bids all figured out.”
(Photo: Think of Me Photography)
The family is not stopping there.
“Our plan is to do at least one big thing a month,” they said. “... We wanna put like a percentage of our income every month to giving back in some way, and we're just kinda playing it by ear ... like if we meet a family and we're like 'we really should help these people' that's just kinda how we're doing it.”
On May 20, 2014, the Hughes' 5-month-old son, Miloh, died from sudden infant death syndrome. Each year on the anniversary of their death, the family holds a give-back day. The Hughes really enjoy giving back and that give-back day is what spurred their idea to continue helping others.
*KSL.com does not assure that the monies deposited to the account will be applied for the benefit of the persons named as beneficiaries. If you are considering a deposit to the account, you should consult your own advisors and otherwise proceed at your own risk.
×
Photos
Related Links
Game is playable. I finally ponied up some cash for a live membership, just to play against some semblance of AI.
Game is absurd!
Weapons ratings, quality, kick, firepower, lethality are so absurd that the weapons should not have used real weapon's names. Real weapon designations leads a person to have some expectations.
Guns that fire the same ammunition have wildly different lethality capabilities. Imagine that in the real world it would take 2 or more shots from a .50 Browning round to bring down an opponent, at any range... Or that another player could run through the stream of bullets from a light machine gun of any manufacture, without a scratch. Just how fast can they run? Also expect pistol calibers to be as/more lethal as the big anti-personnel rounds. Yes, the 9mm is effective and accurate when fired from a pistol/sub-machinegun, at what appears to be several hundred yards, as a .50BMG round. Imagine that! Shotguns are absurdly efficient at all ranges. Obviously the designers never shot a shotgun at targets in their life. It is easier and faster to shoot somebody at looonng range with a pistol than with a rifle. The game pistol snaps right up and fires, the game rifle slowly and cumbersomely comes up to the shoulder and then you have to aimmm. Stupid! Stupid! Just why do the designers think people in the REAL WORLD shoot pistols at a range of 7, 15 and 25 meters/yards? It sure isn't because they're accurate to several hundred yards.
Nor have the weapons designers ever heard of a guy named Newton, as in Isaac Newton. The the game designers, apples never fall from trees. Bullets never suffer from gravity or from air friction. Bullets just fly till they hit outerspace.
The designers go into an online vid spiel about how they designed in this progressive set of 'perks' for the weapons. kick, impact, attachments, focus, stability... What weapon designer would ever design a weapon/ammo for kick (reduced) or impact and not expect all troops to benefit? Or that weapons would need special perks to have more than one (what they call multiple) attachment or that experienced riflemen would be unable to hold steady aim and keep their concentration?
I am amused that these same designers think that it takes the same amount of effort and activity for a rifleman to learn to handle other weapons with equal facility.
There is a related complaint regarding scope power. For some absurd reason, the higher power the scope, the harder it is to aim the scope. All I can reason is that the designers do not know how weapons are used, nor how or why scopes are used. Since all of the higher power scopes in the game are strictly used on bipod weapons, this difficulty aiming is just irrational. If real world scope actions paralleled MW3's scope actions, no one ever would use a higher power. Game actions using scopes are so absurd as to be a 'Duh!' event.
That said, the combination of skill perks and absurd weapons makes for some alarming traits in MW3 player skillsets. It appears that these players believe that stays light, run fast, shoot fast with akimbo machine pistols, jump around alot when shot so as to minimize the injury and you will win this game often. I'll refer to these jokers several times, but this combination of skills, perks, weapons and actions highlights the cornerstone of this game and it's design.
There are personal choice perks, that one must often skill level up to. Running and aiming while moving are favorites of the game players idiots. These are the crazies who run and gun the most. Their idea of the modern warfare is that whoever runs around corners and shoots the fastest wins. Not only does one run fast, upstairs, up hills, downstairs, down hills but they also wield a pistol (usually a machine pistol) in each hand. Not only are these players deadly in the game, they make kills at incredible distances. The name of the game is if you throw enough lead down field quickly enough,, you win. And they often do. It doesn't matter that I'm behind cover, hidden, and in a ghillie suit; these idiots start shooting across the map and I'm dead. score one(100) for them.
When shot, like with a .50 Barrett, these yahoos start jumping around and firing at the same time. MW3 may consider them wounded, but I end up killed no matter the distance. Since the .50 Barrett jumps and it takes a bit to get a second shot, the yahoos spray my area with lead and get the points. Nice to know that future warfare favors this kind of tactics.
The maps, S_ck! Even in the 'sniper maps' there are very few paths, almost no real cover, generally no to little grass, and virtually no elevated firing positions. Even with the few that are there, expect obstacles to prevent a long view. Forget hiding in the bushes or scrub! Expect almost all bushes to be the same as a brick wall. The few places where one can actually hide in the bushes, forget using them! Everyone knows those positions and they're the first places to get a rocket, grenade of blast of fire, just in case. This little fact is valid for almost every place on any of the maps where a sniper or soldier could 'be undercover'. the run and gun characters shoot these places as soon as they see them, just in case. Shell craters are useless and there are no foxholes!
Forget climbing much! See that orange crate, nope, can't get on it. See that fifty gallon drum, nope! Got a ladder, nope, at least not unless it is the right kind of ladder. Long gone are the days of Halo or Oblivion when a player could climb almost anything; now a palyer can hardly climb anything.
One of the most irritating in-game messages is the message that there is no prone position here. One gets this message whenever one tries to lie down in a place not designed for that position, which seems to be most of all maps. I've never seen a soldier who couldn't lie next to a wall, tree, ditch, shell hole, whatever and not only stay down in that position but be able to fire in almost any directions. If you manage to lay down by a wall, you will find your ability to aim extremely limited, say nonexistant. In fact if you are laying a body length away from a wall and your feet hit the wall as you swivel to aim, you will find yourself blocked and unable to continue. Which brings up another point, since when is it that a person can only aim straight ahead when laying down? I get shot frequently because the rungunners see my movement as I aim at them, well no wonder, since the game has my whole body swiveling!
Since almost every place on a map is unclimbable, hides nothing it means all of the maps are narrow paths down which everyone must run. Why call it a map and spend so much time designing backdrops? It's a simple oval, or oval with a center area, or two parallel paths with three intersecting paths. But none of the maps cam be called maps. One thing, the rungunners are so used to shooting the few hiding places, that they're not watching where they're running. I've gotten some pretty high multikills laying in the center where there is no cover... Watch where people run and gun, hide where they don't, even if there is nothing to hide by.
#1 Men Prefer Curves
The University of Texas recently conducted a study on if men find women with curves MORE attractive than thin women. But the curve that men are most interested in are NOT the breast or butt….so what curves then?
#2 All About The Spine
The study showed that men do not care the size of the butt or any other part of the female anatomy – they simply like an exaggerated curve in the spine and back of a woman. “Men who preferred these women would have had mates who were better able to provide for fetus and offspring, and who would have been able to carry out multiple pregnancies without injury,” psychologist David Lewis stated.
#3 No Matter The Size
A second study was conducted to determine what it is about the spine curve that arouses men so much…and its the femininity associated with the curved back. Also, it's a place men can hold on to whenever they want – claiming what is theirs! Pretty hot if you ask us.
A Seattle City Council committee is trying to figure out when someone's right to record police in public becomes obstruction of an officer.
The measure is being crafted. But the complex nature of arrests and confrontations make it hard to draw a line. Especially when every citizen has the right to film a Seattle police officer in public. But if the act of filming interferes with the police work, it could qualify as obstruction.
Seattle council member Bruce Harrell's thoughts on controversial police station
It's an issue becoming ever more present as smartphones continue to capture police work on video. Those videos have shed light on police abuse in areas across the nation.
On Wednesday, a council committee considered how to create a policy to fairly reflect this balance. Brian Maxey with the Seattle Police Department says the force completely agrees with the philosophy behind the city council's consideration – transparency and police accountability.
The current aim is to clearly define a citizen's right to record a Seattle police officer. Maxey told the council that officers already act as if they're being recorded every minute.
Council member Lisa Herbold said the measure being crafted in Seattle isn't designed to harass police, rather, to empower the public.
“The intent is more to signal to the community how important their partnership is and accountability,” Herbold said.
A final version of the measure has yet to be forwarded to the full council for consideration.
Dyer Oxley contributed to this report.
Slash of the Titans is the story of one film, two horror icons, and an army of screenwriters.
We broke the news last year that Phantasm: Exhumed scribe Dustin McNeill was working on a book chronicling the long and troubled process to bring Freddy vs. Jason to the screen, and today we bring along with us the update that it's available to purchase. Titled Slash of the Titans: The Road to Freddy vs. Jason, the 248-page book from Harker Press was just released this past Monday, and it primarily explores ten wildly different directions considered for Freddy vs. Jason during its ten years in pre-production, with comments from many of the people involved.
If you're a fan of Freddy vs. Jason, the book is needless to say a must-read, and we wanted to provide a little sneak peek for you today. We reached out to McNeill asking if they could provide us with some exclusive insight into the various unmade Freddy vs. Jason films he's spent so much time researching, and they came up with a fun article idea that we instantly fell in love with.
McNeill explained to me that the various scripts written in the years between 1993 and 2003 contained some kill scenes so bonkers that they questioned the sanity of the writers they interviewed, so they put together a nice little list for us of the craziest of the crazy. According to McNeill, who knows this project better than anybody, these are the five craziest kills we never got to see.
Take it away, Dustin!
5. The Five Hundred Psycho Nightmare – Freddy vs Jason ‘96
In this draft, Freddy needs to harness a massive amount of dream power to enact an evil plan. To make that happen, a Freddy-obsessed cult secretly doses the population of a State Hospital for the Criminally Insane with a potent dream drug. As the medication takes effect, all five hundred inmates begin “​twitching, moaning, tearing their hair out in huge clumps​.” They then start to literally rip open their own heads as if to let something out. After several minutes of this, something does slither out from their horribly mangled craniums – five hundred dream demons like those first seen in ​Freddy's Dead​.
4. Nice Tattoos – Freddy vs Jason ‘94​
In this draft's final act, Freddy crosses over into reality and spends some time browsing the Elm Street Shopping Mall before turning it into one giant nightmare. Here is an obnoxious group of punks decides to pick on the dream slasher. “​Nice sweater!​” Freddy turns to notice the lead punk's tattoos, which depict snakes and tarantulas. “​Nice tattoos​.” With this, the images come alive and begin to attack the teen. “​All of the tattoos on their body begin to writhe and move. We can see the outline of snakes slithering under their skin.The youth screams in agony and drops to their knees.”
3. Punting the Decapitated – Freddy vs Jason ‘98​
A group of misbehaving teens travel to a shuttered Camp Crystal Lake. They spend the weekend pranking one another dressed as Freddy and Jason. It's all fun and games until the real Jason Voorhees encounters the imposter Freddy. The hockey-masked titan quickly decapitates the startled cosplayer. Inspecting their kill, the teen's head slips out of the Freddy mask and plops onto the ground. “​Jason cocks their head to the side, confused.​” Realizing the deception, they then lets out of “​blood-curdling roar​” and kicks the severed head far into the woods.
2. Beware the Jason Wedgie – Freddy vs Jason ‘93​
A homicidal state trooper is about to kill the hero when Jason steps in, lifting the bad cop up by their briefs in what the script calls a “​Jason-wedgie.​” Hoisting them off the floor, the slasher grabs the trooper's shotgun and “​jams it up their ass — right through the seat of their pants.​” It's shoved so far that the muzzle slams into the roof of their mouth. With this, Jason cocks the shotgun and BOOM. The trooper's head and shoulders explode from their torso, leaving a broken spine sticking up out of theirs shirt.
1. The Anti-Drug Kills – Freddy vs Jason '00
In this draft, Jason bursts into a hotel room where a drug dealing couple are hiding out with their newborn child. Furious at the obviously wasted mother, Jason slashes their “​from sternum to crotch​” before placing the baby inside the mother's body. “​Like they wanted to put it back​,” as one character later notes. The also wasted father doesn't fare much better. Jason uses their machete to slice off their arms and legs “​like a golfer teeing off​.” The titan next pours an entire bag of drugs down the man's slashed-open throat.
CLOSE Merle Haggard, the working man's poet, an architect of the Bakersfield Sound, and a fiercely independent artist who influenced country music like few others, died Wednesday in California, surrounded by friends and family. They were 79. Karen Kraft / The Tennessean
Buy Photo Merle Haggard died Wednesday in California. (Photo: File / The Tennessean)Buy Photo
Merle Haggard, the working man's poet, an architect of the Bakersfield Sound and a fiercely independent artist who influenced country music like few others, died Wednesday in California, surrounded by friends and family.
They had just turned 79 and had been in failing health for some time, leading to the diagnosis of double pneumonia and subsequent cancellation of several concert dates, including two nights at the Ryman Auditorium that were originally scheduled for March.
Over the length of their half-century career, Mr. Haggard recorded 38 No. 1 country singles and wrote some of the genre's most revered classics, which have been recorded by Dolly Parton, Emmylou Harris, The Byrds, Vince Gill, The Grateful Dead and countless others.
"Merle Haggard's reach knew no bounds," said Jay Orr, a historian at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum. Orr also noted that Mr. Haggard so embodied country music that the museum's core exhibit, "Sing Me Back Home," takes its title from a chart-topping song they released in 1968.
Mr. Haggard's life, which took them from a San Quentin prison cell to the Country Music Hall of Fame, was a truly American success story.
“In some ways, their life sounds like fiction, but if it were fiction, no one would believe it,” said Harris on the night of their Hall of Fame induction.
Born to Oklahoma migrants James and Flossie Haggard on April 6, 1937 in Bakersfield, Calif., Merle Ronald Haggard was the youngest of three children. The Haggard family lived in a converted railroad car in Oildale, Cal.
After their father died of a stroke in 1946, Merle started getting into trouble. At the age of 10, they hopped their first train with a friend and made it to Fresno, Calif., before they got caught. The rebellious young man spent time in juvenile facilities and reform schools over the next several years, but they also fell in love with music and began learning to play guitar. They were captivated by country artists such as Lefty Frizzell, Western Swing pioneer Bob Wills and “America's Most Colorful Hillbilly Band”: The Maddox Brothers and Rose.
When Mr. Haggard was 20, they were sent to San Quentin State Prison after a burglary attempt, a crime for which he'd receive a "full and unconditional pardon" in 1972 from California's then-Gov. Ronald Reagan. While imprisoned, they saw country star Johnny Cash perform for the inmates, played in the prison band and worked in the San Quentin textile mill. Upon their 1960 release, Mr. Haggard — who was by then married to their first wife, Leona Hobbs, with whom he'd have four children — was determined to turn their life around.
Mr. Haggard's days were filled with labor — ditch digging and electrical work — but their nights belonged to music. They got involved in the Bakersfield country music scene alongside up-and-coming artists such as Buck Owens and Wynn Stewart. Two thousand miles away in Music City, the Nashville Sound was full of lush string arrangements, but the sounds coming out of Bakersfield were harder, twangier and absolutely irresistible. After a short stint playing bass for Owens, Mr. Haggard joined Stewart's band.
In 1962 they released their debut single, “Skid Row.” Their second single, “Sing Me a Sad Song,” was written by Stewart. It became Mr. Haggard's first Top 20 hit for Tally Records, a small label co-founded by Fuzzy Owen, who'd spend several decades as Mr. Haggard's manager.
While working the bar and club circuit, Mr. Haggard recorded “Just Between the Two of Us,” a duet with future wife Bonnie Owens, and “(My Friends Are Gonna Be) Strangers,” which captured the attention of Capitol Records' Ken Nelson, who signed them and Owens to the label.
When they met, Bonnie Owens was the bigger name, but Mr. Haggard's fame soon eclipsed hers. They married in 1965 and they spent years helping to raise their children and singing backup for them as part of their top-notch backing band The Strangers. After they divorced, Owens continued to work with Mr. Haggard, and even served as a bridesmaid when they married Leona Williams in 1978.
From the mid-1960s through the ‘70s, Mr. Haggard released one top-notch song after another, a string of hits that are now an integral and beloved part of the country music canon, including "Sing Me Back Home," "Hungry Eyes," "Workin' Man Blues" and "Mama Tried." Many singles topped the charts, beginning in 1965 with their first No. 1 single, “I'm a Lonesome Fugitive.”
Other songs that weren't released as singles, including “Today I Started Loving You Again” (perhaps the Haggard song most covered by other artists) and “Irma Jackson,” about an interracial romance, display Mr. Haggard's depth as an artist.
“I'm the first to admit the English language is not my specialty,” Mr. Haggard wrote in the preface to their 1999 autobiography, “My House of Memories.” However, the plainspoken power of their lyrics touched listeners across generations.
In 1969 Mr. Haggard released a career-changing song, “Okie From Muskogee,” about the values of small-town life. Co-written with Roy Edward Burris, it spent four weeks atop the country charts and crossed over to the pop charts as well. “Okie” was followed by another hard-nosed single, 1970's “The Fightin' Side of Me.” Both became signature songs for Mr. Haggard, and after the songs were released, they rarely, if ever, left a stage without playing them.
"'Okie' made them a star," said music historian and journalist David Cantwell," author of "Merle Haggard: The Running Kind."
CLOSE Fans at the Country Music Hall of Hame and Museum learn of Merle Haggard's death. Larry McCormack / Tennessean
"It brought them TV appearances and magazine profiles, and with a pop-roots sound and class-savvy songs that were well-respected among rock and country musicians alike, they had a chance there to become a pop star like Johnny Cash or Glen Campbell. Their initial thought for a follow-up, 'Irma Jackson" ... could have been a big pop hit. But the record they released instead, 'Fightin' Side,' took sides and shrunk them back down to country-star size. And that's where they stayed even as their melodic elegance and blue collar smarts continued to grow."
“Twinkle, Twinkle Lucky Star” in 1987 was Mr. Haggard's last single to top the charts.
Throughout their career, Mr. Haggard wore their influences on their sleeve. They released tribute albums honoring two of their favorite artists, Jimmie Rodgers and Bob Wills, and their 1983 version of “That's the Way Love Goes,” which was co-written by another artist they admired, Frizzell, spent 21 weeks on the charts and earned them a Grammy for Best Male Country Vocal Performance. Just as Mr. Haggard studied the works of their musical heroes, contemporary acts look to him: stars such as George Strait and Miranda Lambert have cited them as influences, and Eric Church recorded a song called “Pledge Allegiance to the Hag.”
Mr. Haggard was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1994. During their induction speech, they unfurled a five-foot-long list of people they wanted to thank, beginning with, they deadpanned, their plumber. That year, Haggard's single “In My Next Life” peaked at No. 58 on the charts. Though country radio didn't seem to have much use for Mr. Haggard during the Hot New Country era of the 1990s, by the end of the decade, they were poised for a comeback. They began cranking out albums, including two for punk label Anti- in 2000 and 2001; a bluegrass record, “Kickin' Out the Footlights ... Again” with George Jones; and “Last of the Breed,” a double-disc album with Willie Nelson and Ray Price.
Mr. Haggard did experience a small setback in 2008 when they were diagnosed with lung cancer. After recovering from surgery in which a piece of their lung was removed, they resumed rambling, playing 100-plus shows per year.
Performing was where they felt most at home: In 1986 Mr. Haggard told Patrick Carr of “Country Music Magazine,” “Probably the happiest moments of my life have been on a stage. …The stage is a refuge for me, and it always has been. Over the years, I've climbed inside my music when things went wrong. I still do that. My music is where I really live.”
In 2010 Mr. Haggard traveled to Washington to receive the prestigious Kennedy Center Honors, which are given to those in the performing arts for their contributions to American culture.
Their last solo album, “Working in Tennessee,” was released in 2011, and in 2015 they released two more collaborative albums: one with legendary country/bluegrass singer Mac Wiseman and “Django and Jimmie” with Willie Nelson. The latter featured the two legends warmly meditating on their mortality with songs such as “Live This Long” and “Missing Ol' Johnny Cash,” but they still made room for humor with the record's lead single, “It's All Going to Pot.”
"He was such a gentleman, and they left a heck of a legacy," said Wiseman after Mr. Haggard died. The two men first met in California during the late 1950s; they became dear friends and mutual admirers of each other's work. Their recent album together, "Timeless," was, Wiseman said, "a labor of love" for the both of them.
Mr. Haggard is survived by their wife, Theresa, whom they married in 1993, and their children, Dana, Marty, Kelli, Noel, Ben and Jenessa.
Funeral arrangements are not available at this time.
Buy Photo Merle Haggard at The Grand Ole Opry on Sept. 27, 2003. (Photo: Alan Poizner / For The Tennessean)
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1RY8xOI
Rep. Ilhan Omar, DFL-Minneapolis, speaks on the steps of the state Capitol at the Women's March in St. Paul in January.
The Washington, D.C., cab driver who threatened to remove the hijab of state Rep. Ilhan Omar and called their "filthy" and "ISIS" was found guilty of discrimination and offensive language, according to a Minnesota House spokesperson.
A judge suspended Uka Onuma's cab driver's license for 45 days, fined them $1,000 and ordered them to take anger-management and cultural-sensitivity classes.
"I believe in restorative justice so I am pleased that the judge's ruling includes classes on cultural sensitivity for Mr. Onuma," Omar, DFL-Minneapolis, said in a statement. "Bigotry is a product of ignorance and by educating people, we can move toward respect and understanding."
The incident happened last December — just a few weeks after Omar won a Minnesota House seat, making them the nation's first Somali-American legislator.
Omar and their sister were both in the cab while they were visiting Washington.
At the time, Omar described the incident as an act of Islamaphobic hate.
Thursday's ruling came from District Court Judge Claudia Crichlow of the District of Columbia Office of Administrative Hearings.
Photo by Michael Janosz/ISIphotos.com
By DAN KARELL and FRANCO PANIZO
The U.S. Men's National Team didn't win on Wednesday night against Mexico, but they did give head coach Jurgen Klinsmann plenty of things to ponder as they put together their World Cup squad, and overall plans for the tournament.
At the center of Klinsmann's thoughts could be the team's formation going forward. On Wednesday, Klinsmann surprised everyone by starting with a 4-4-2 diamond formation as opposed to their preferred 4-2-3-1 system, and the tactical change proved effective early on.
With Michael Bradley playing the point of the midfield diamond, Kyle Beckerman sitting as a holding midfielder, and Brad Davis and Graham Zusi along the wings, the USMNT moving forward looked dangerous and scored twice in the opening 30 minutes of the match.
Bradley played a key role in both U.S. goals, the first coming off a corner and the second providing a flicked-header assist after making a late run into the box. But while Bradley took the credit, the tactical setup of the team allowed Bradley the freedom to roam forward with Beckerman watching their back.
“Every coach obviously tries to see where the strengths of each one of those guys and I think Michael has tremendous strength getting in the box and joining the attack,” Klinsmann said after the match. “Purposely, we moved them out of the double-six or the six and the eight role into a 10 role. That means for Kyle in that moment – or if it's a Jermaine Jones or whoever you put in or Maurice Edu that came in in that same role – a lot of work, a lot of work. I think it has a lot of good sides on it.”
By playing in the 4-4-2, the U.S. were able to out-number Mexico in midfield, especially as Davis and Zusi pinched in and played more narrowly. At times, with right back Tony Beltran and left back Michael Parkhurst bombing forward, the USMNT had three to four central midfielders, giving them a numbers advantage ahead of the Mexican trio in Miguel Herrera's 5-3-2 system.
El Tri's midfield group of Julian Zavala, Carlos Peña, and Isaac Brizuela didn't do themselves any favors even when they did have the ball, succumbing to the high pressure defense of the Americans and giving the ball right back. Peña in particular lost possession ten times during the match and finished with a passing completion percentage of 60 percent, according to Opta.
On the other side, Bradley finished with an 85 percent completion rate and Beckerman finished at 93 percent. All together, the four U.S. midfield starters had a passing completion percentage of 86 percent, recorded one goal and two assists, and won the ball back 28 times.
The formation change helped bring out the best in Bradley for the USMNT.
“The hope was that (Bradley would) get into the box,” Klinsmann said when asked about their decision to play a diamond in midfield. “The hope was that he's also dangerous to score and gives Clint (Dempsey) and (Chris) Wondolowski help.
“Often (in the past), we had situations where we didn't give enough support to our forwards, especially if you look at Jozy. Often we had kind of them disconnected and moving in another striker up front (helps), so purposely I told Clint there was no need to do kind of dropping back all the time, which they still do because it's in their game. If we have two guys to play into up front and Michael joins it, and then obviously in the half-positions guys like Brad Davis or Graham that can actually then go forward as well, I think it's going to be more difficult for opponents to read us.”
Bradley and Beckerman worked extremely well together in the diamond formation, which suits Beckerman's strengths. Their success as a tandem will almost certainly put pressure on established starter Jermaine Jones.
“I think one of our strengths is that we have the ability to play in a lot of different ways,” Bradley said. “I didn't necessarily look at it so differently tonight other than now you're playing with a guy in Kyle who does a good job of taking care of things and kind of being disciplined, so it gives me more freedom to be mobile, to be on the move, to get forward, to be up and down, to be more two-way. There's no doubt I enjoy it.
“To kind of play off my instincts in those ways, depending on the game, depending on the opponent, it's certainly something I enjoy.”
Bradley's comments about Beckerman being disciplined could be seen as a hint at the biggest criticism that Jones faces, which is that they are too undisciplined when partnered with Bradley, which limits what Bradley can do getting forward.
The move to a 4-4-2 formation wasn't the only rarity of the night. The last time that both Beckerman and Bradley had started together was on Nov. 15, 2011, when the USA defeated Slovenia on the road, 3-2. Interestingly enough, as Beckerman pointed out after the match, the U.S. used a 4-4-2 in that game as well and they were able to score three times.
Beckerman, who is usually a replacement for Bradley off the bench or when Bradley is injured, said that they really enjoyed the opportunity to alongside the Toronto FC midfielder.
“It was a lot of fun,” Beckerman said. “I thought they were able to get into the attack, be effective, get close to goal, and it was just fun. We really had a lot of fun in that first half. I think the momentum changed a little bit (in the second half) but it's something we can work on. I think we had a little foundation today to build on today and we'll see if we can get better.”
— Franco Panizo contributed to this report
Estonia is a tiny country along the Baltic Sea. In a very real way, the country was born singing.
Beginning in the 13th century, the region of Estonia, lying north of Latvia and west of Russia, was ruled by Denmark, Poland, Sweden and finally, Russia. Residents, most of them peasants, considered themselves “country people,” bound to whichever foreign power controlled them. In 1857, Johann Voldemar Jannsen, publisher of the first Estonian language newspaper, began calling their readers “Estonians.” They and their daughter then organized a “song fest,” held in June 1869 in Tartu. About 12,000 people listened for two days as an 822-member choir sang folk songs, encouraging Estonians to see themselves as a separate people. After four more festivals, the event moved to Tallinn, Estonia's largest city. The sense of national identity and cohesion created by the song fests led to Estonia's declaration of independence from Russia in 1918.
In 1940, the Soviet Union took control of Estonia, along with the other Baltic states of Latvia and Lithuania. The Tallinn song fests continued, with Russian songs added. An enormous stage, holding 15,000 singers, was built on a hillside above the harbor. In September 1988, 300,000 Estonians, nearly one-fourth of the country's population, assembled before and on the Tallinn stage. They sang patriotic songs, raised the banned Estonian flag and demanded independence, leading to sustained protests in what became known as the “Singing Revolution.” On August 20, 1991, Estonia, called the “singing nation,” successfully declared its independence as the Republic of Estonia.
Every five years, more than 100,000 people come together in Tallinn, where they listen to choirs including 30,000 performers while a flame atop a 42-meter tower celebrates the country's freedom. Because of its importance in forming a nation, the Estonia Song Festival is on the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage list.
As the Obama administration formulates a national policy to protect ocean resources, coastal scientists and environmental groups in New Orleans spoke out Wednesday on the importance of streamlining the often-overlapping array of government agencies responsible for managing oceans and coastlines across the country.
(From The Times-Picayune / by Chris Kirkham) — Obama announced the national ocean policy plan last summer, and key administration officials were in town in October to hear hours worth of public comment on how the policy should move forward.
“The time when oceans could be treated as an inexhaustible resource has long passed. We now recognize that oceans are fragile and limited in their capacity to withstand the effects of human activities,” said Steven Lohrenz, chairperson of the Department of Marine Science at the University of Southern Mississippi. “We've already vastly altered ocean ecoystems in ways that include overfishing, loss of critical habitat, introduction of invasive species and diminished water quality, and these problems will continue to get worse if we do not embrace an ocean policy that aims to balance the human use of our oceans with sustainability and flight attendantship.”
The ocean policy task force is made up of several different agencies including the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the U.S. Coast Guard, the Minerals Management Service and the White House Council on Environmental Quality. In December they developed the first phase of the oceans plan, which calls for regions like the Gulf of Mexico to plan and map out specific uses for different parts of the ocean and coast.
The goal is to get a scope of the complex pressures on ocean ecosystems, such as oil and gas development, fishing and navigation.
Cynthia Sarthou, executive director of the Gulf Restoration Network, said that currently there are 140 laws and regulations governing the oceans across 20 separate agencies.
“This complex legal system often results in inadequate management of public and private activities such as pollution control, fishing and oil and gas development,” Sarthou said. “A strong national policy would help to untangle the regulatory jumble by guiding and coordinating all activities regulated by government agencies that affect ocean resources.”
Denise Reed, a coastal researcher with the University of New Orleans, pointed to management of the Mississippi River as an example of the conflicting interests involved with ocean and coastal policy.
“The river is our greatest resource for (coastal) restoration and yet we have all kinds of different things that we want to do with it,” Reed said. “But we have not yet found a way to have a conversation about how we use the river for restoration, continue to navigate on the river and continue to protect ourselves from riverine flooding in Louisiana. This is the opportunity to do that, and the fact that the federal government is coming out with this is a way to get that on the top shelf.”
President Trump and congressional Republicans are desperate to pass tax reform, which they are unveiling Thursday after laying out the broad outlines of the proposal in September. But Republicans need good news even more now, what with Trump's struggling presidency taking another hit after special counsel Robert Mueller charged three of their 2016 campaign aides with crimes.
So what Republicans probably need is for some Americans to really like this tax plan — or at least for everyone not to hate it. In other words, they have to turn the tax debate into something more like what happened when the Senate debated and ultimately approved the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court in the spring. They can't afford the tax debate becoming a debacle like the GOP efforts to repeal Obamacare this summer and fall.
The pattern so far in Washington this year — admittedly more anecdotal than based on hard data — is that Trump and the Republicans are able to move forward on issues that are divided simply along partisan lines but struggle when they face opposition coming from a number of directions. Republicans had the votes to muscle the Gorsuch nomination through the Senate, despite strong congressional Democratic opposition. They were aided by conservative groups that focus on many disparate issues joining together in pushing for Gorsuch.
In contrast, the various GOP Obamacare repeal proposals were aggressively contested not only by congressional Democrats but also by four other constituencies: the media, which debunked GOP claims that the bills would protect Americans who had pre-existing conditions from either losing coverage or facing higher costs; the public, which polls showed was overwhelmingly opposed to Obamacare repeal; and nonpartisan experts, from medical and health policy organizations (which questioned whether the legislation would the improvement health care system) to the Congressional Budget Office (which calculated that the repeal effort could leave millions without health insurance.) Lastly, while many conservative activists stayed on the sidelines during the Obamacare repeal debate, liberal outside groups organized events across the country trying to kill the bill.
I acknowledge the obvious differences between health policy legislation and Supreme Court nominations, which, for starters, only have to be approved by the Senate. But like the health care bill and the Gorsuch nomination, Republicans can get the tax package passed without a single Democratic vote — if they can keep their party united behind the measure. Republicans have very narrow margins, particularly in the Senate, and they can't afford a repeat of health care — where the bill was so hated that Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins had people literally cheering them (at a July 4 parade and later at an airport) for opposing the legislation.
So here's a look at the various constituencies that could affect the tax debate, where they are positioned now and how that could shift over the next two months. (We are considering them in alphabetical order.)
Democrats
The Democrats never fully unified against Gorsuch, with three senators from states that Trump won in November (Indiana's Joe Donnelly, North Dakota's Heidi Heitkamp and West Virginia's Joe Manchin) eventually voting for their confirmation. Again, Gorsuch would have been approved no matter what, since all 52 Senate Republicans backed him. But with Gorsuch, Republicans at least could present the veneer of bipartisanship. In contrast, all 48 Democratic senators essentially opposed the Obamacare repeal push from the beginning.
All indications are that Democrats in the Senate (and the House) are unified again, casting the Republican tax plan as a giveaway to the rich. (Not a single Democrat in either chamber backed the budget resolution that set up the process to pass a tax bill through the so-called reconciliation process, by which Republicans need only 51 votes in the Senate to get legislation passed.)
Why does Democratic unity matter? Well, first, in terms of passing a bill, this stalwart Democratic opposition means that Republicans need the votes of all but two of the 52 senators (with Vice President Mike Pence casting a tie-breaking vote) and all but 22 of the 239 GOP House members. A small, rogue band of Republicans can easily stop or stall the bill. Second, in terms of the public debate on taxes, it would probably help the GOP if it could cite a single Democrat in Congress who supports the proposal. And that prospect seems unlikely right now.
So coming into the process, this dynamic seems more like the health care fight than the Gorsuch nomination.
Experts
Almost immediately after the GOP released the broad outlines of its tax plan in late September, the Tax Policy Center put out an analysis describing how the proposal gave huge tax cuts to the rich, rebutting the GOP message that the policy would mainly benefit the middle class. I expect analyses of the more-detailed legislation released Thursday to find that it, too, benefits wealthy Americans more than congressional Republicans and the Trump administration want to acknowledge. Nonpartisan economic experts are also skeptical of Republican claims that the legislation's corporate tax cuts will create huge economic growth and substantially raise American wages.
This dynamic clearly resembles the health care process more than the Gorsuch nomination, where nonpartisan legal experts generally agreed with the Republican contention that Gorsuch was qualified for the high court.
The media
The national media is already voicing skepticism about the Republicans' arguments that this legislation is not a tax cut that benefits the wealthy, similar to how the press handled GOP claims about Medicaid spending during the Obamacare repeal debate.
And here's another aspect about the media's role to consider: There was significant coverage of the Obamacare repeal process in local newspapers, much of it just as negative as national coverage — and at times more precise in detailing how Medicaid cuts would affect specific communities. If certain proposals in the tax plan — particularly ending the deduction for state and local taxes — receive sustained, negative coverage in local media, that could hurt GOP efforts to pass this bill.
On the other hand, some of the proposals in the tax plan, like its increased child tax credit and its overall reduction of tax rates, could get more favorable coverage, particularly in personal finance stories.
This is another dynamic that looks potentially problematic for Republicans, but I don't suspect the coverage will be as negative as during the Obamacare repeal process.
Outside groups
Here's where things definitely get better for the Republicans: A wide array of conservative-leaning groups say getting a tax bill passed is a huge priority for them. They are planning to spend millions on TV ads in hopes of pushing members of Congress in both parties to get behind this legislation.
There are liberal groups, like the Center for American Progress and MoveOn, both of which strongly opposed Obamacare repeal, that are likely to mobilize against the GOP tax plan. The question for liberal groups, though, will be whether they can ramp up their members' intensity to what it was during the health care debate. “Folks this tax battle is Trump's Waterloo. We can win it. Before anything Mueller does. EYE. ON. THE. BALL,” wrote CAP's Topher Spiro in a Twitter message on Monday.
So this dynamic looks more like the Gorsuch nomination, with two blocs contesting the issue rather than the one-sided anti-Obamacare-repeal drumbeat, with conservatives potentially more motivated than progressives for the fight.
But Republicans still could have a problem: outside groups that are usually nonpartisan jumping into the fray because tax policy can affect their bottom lines. The National Association of Home Builders announced last week that it would oppose the tax bill, arguing that the changes to tax deductions would discourage Americans from buying new homes. NAHB is promising to help defeat the measure, though it's not clear if they really have the ability to move public opinion or votes in Congress.
The public
In September, Republicans briefly considered the so-called Graham-Cassidy bill to repeal Obamacare. A CBS News poll on the eve of the planned vote showed that just 20 percent of Americans — and only 46 percent of Republicans — supported the legislation, while 52 percent of the country disapproved. Most of the GOP Obamacare repeal proposals were similarly unpopular.
On tax reform, the numbers are better — but just by a little bit. A recent Reuters/Ipsos poll found that, among those who had heard about the broad outlines of the GOP tax plan, just 28 percent supported it, with 41 percent opposing it and 31 percent saying they didn't know. About 56 percent of Republicans supported the legislation.
That's not a great starting place for Republicans. (On the eve of the Gorsuch vote, a Quinnipiac survey showed that about 50 percent of Americans supported their confirmation, compared with 35 percent who did not.) But you could imagine that Republican Party leaders, Trump and conservative groups all consistently praising the bill for the next few weeks could make it more popular among Republican voters, who generally favor tax cuts. And that could rub off to some degree on the broader American public.
Tax reform is the third huge legislative fight of the year. The Republicans won on Gorsuch, and the Democrats prevailed on health care. Which side will be victorious in this case is still very much undecided.
Most of the factors above do not bode well for the Republicans. They also have a bunch of obvious disadvantages: internal divisions on the specifics of tax policy; a very unpopular president attached to the legislation; and a self-imposed deadline that gives them only eight weeks to pass the bill.
On the other hand, they have the margins to pass this without any Democrats. They seem to have a sense of urgency around this bill. And remember, even on health care, Republicans passed an Obamacare repeal effort in the House and were only one vote short in the Senate.
Altogether, the safest thing I can say is that the tax bill has a better chance of passing than the health care bill did — but a worse chance than the Gorsuch nomination.
Release News
Joomla! 3.8.2 Release
Joomla! 3.8.2 is now available. This is a security release for the 3.x series of Joomla addressing three security vulnerabilities and fixing several bugs which were reported after the previous Joomla releases.
What's in Joomla! 3.8.2?
Joomla! 3.8.2 addresses three security vulnerabilities and over 90 bugs, including:
Security Issues Fixed
Medium Priority - Core - LDAP Information Disclosure (affecting Joomla! 1.5.0 through 3.8.1) More information »
Medium Priority - Core - Two-Factor Authentication Bypass (affecting Joomla! 3.2.0 through 3.8.1) More information »
Low Priority - Core - Information Disclosure (affecting Joomla! 3.7.0 through 3.8.1) More information »
Bug Fixes
Display subcategories in blog layout only when user has access #18408
Tags being deleted by any batch action and by drag and drop reordering #18328
Search Module not displayed on the core templates error page #18375
Fix unneeded repetitive filesystem access / checks causing performance issue in custom fields #17893
Fix backend articles manager not listing articles in sub-categories when categories filter is active #18179
Visit GitHub for the full list of bug fixes.
Download
Upgrade Packages
Joomla! 3 upgrade packages Note: Please read the update instructions before updating. Please remember to backup your site before updating and to clear your site, administrator and browser cache after updating.
If you find a bug in Joomla! 3.8.2 please report it on the Joomla! Issue Tracker.
Please see the documentation wiki for FAQs regarding the 3.8.2 release.
A huge Thank You to our volunteers!
A big thank-you goes out to everyone that contributed to the Joomla! 3.8 release! Find a list of developers who helped out on the Thank-you page.
Make the next Joomla! release even better
Joomla! 3.9 and 4.0 are already in the works. If you would like to help improve them you can make a direct difference.
Join the Joomla! Volunteer community and contribute your skills and time to help Joomla! grow even more.
Become a tester - no special skills required, but able to install test releases, and follow reporting instructions
Help us translate - for those who speak English and any other language
Document new features - for those who can write tutorials and technical documentation
Other areas - find one that fits your skills and interests.
Stay updated on the latest project news and important announcements by subscribing to the Joomla! Newsletter as well as the Developer Newsletter.
Spread the Joomla! Love
Has Joomla! helped you do your job better, saved you money, allowed you to do more with your web site? You can help others experience the same results and find out about this great Open Source Content Management System by telling others.
Share the news!
Visit the Joomla! 3.8 Landing Page (already available in 30 languages!) to get an overview of the new features, download our a wide range of imagery available for sharing in blog posts, via social media, or in banners on your site. They can be found on the Joomla! 3.8 Imagery page. And if you want to translate them, you can find the source files here.
We would love you to spread the Joomla! love and get the word out to your network.
Are you a journalist, blogger or evangelist?
Please feel free to get in touch with the email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. for interviews and other content.
Griffey's exuberance lighted up fields throughout the American League. As far as Seattle is concerned, they will always be the 19-year-old what-me-worry prodigy who smashed 500-foot homers and giddily scaled fences. Old-time managers like Sparky Anderson might have complained about Griffey wearing their hat backward, but their charisma and popularity helped keep baseball in Seattle. The most significant play in Mariners history is Griffey's first-to-home dash to win a 1995 playoff series against the Yankees.
“When Ken came back from an injury that year and helped us stage that great comeback to win the division, that built Safeco Field,” Chuck Armstrong, the Mariners president, said in reference to the amenity-packed stadium Seattle moved to in mid-1999. “We might have gone the way of the Sonics.”
Griffey averaged 53 homers and 143 runs batted in from 1997 through 1999, winning gold gloves in center field each year. But they longed to play in Cincinnati, where their father, Ken Sr., had starred for the Reds and where they had attended high school. The Mariners granted their request to be traded there; upon arrival in Cincinnati, Griffey said: “I'm finally home. This is where I'm happiest.”
Griffey did not necessarily stay happy — or healthy, which was most of the problem. They missed more than 250 games because of various injuries from 2002 through 2004, leading frustrated Cincinnati fans to occasionally boo him. As they played out their time there — last season ended with two months on the Chicago White Sox — Griffey's career was clearly split into two halves: Seattle's fairy tale and Cincinnati's fable.
“I had my ups and downs, it was a learning experience, you name it,” Griffey said. “I learned a lot about who I am.”
Griffey decided last week that at their 39-year-old core, they were a Mariner. They received an attractive offer from the Atlanta Braves, which would allow them far more opportunity to see their wife and three kids who live outside Orlando, Fla., but returning to Seattle was too tempting a bookend. They heeded their father's advice: “No team's going to treat you like your first.”
Giambi's stints in Oakland will be fewer bookends than buns of an In-N-Out cheeseburger, of which they downed more than their share from 1995 through 2001 as the beloved ringleader of the raucous A's. Giambi drove a purple Lamborghini and longed for a boat on which, they said, “I can light my hair on fire and do margaritas at 110 miles an hour.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As for the double-cheeseburgers they downed on game days, they once joked: “The bad thing is when the guy behind the counter doesn't even ask for your order anymore. They just knows.”
But Giambi bolted Oakland for a gluttonous $120 million contract to play for the Yankees, who prefer their players as straight and true as their pinstripes. Giambi cut their car-wash hair and played reasonably well their first two seasons, but collapsed on the field and off in 2004. Some light as to why came that winter when their testimony in a federal steroids investigation leaked, indicating their power came from more than those burgers.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“You always learn most about yourself when you hit that lowest point, and I hit a low point there in New York,” said Giambi, who publicly apologized. “But I worked my way out of it, battled back and wound up winning the fans back.”
Giambi said they wanted to remain in New York for this season, but their service ended with the Yankees' $180 million purchase of slugger Mark Teixeira. (“That's what the Yankees do — I was that guy seven years ago,” Giambi said.) Like Griffey and Atlanta, Giambi had interest from the Tampa Bay Rays but decided to, quite literally, let their hair hang down like it used to.
Their regrown beard has several patches of gray and they are a dozen years older than many teammates, but Giambi at 38 is starting to feel like 28 again.
“The cool thing is, I feel almost like a rookie here because I don't know anybody other than Eric Chavez,” Giambi said. “So it's been kind of fun getting that rebirth.”
A less fun reminder of Giambi's past will come next month, when they must testify at the San Francisco perjury trial of Barry Bonds. Giambi said them leaving the A's temporarily would not be a major distraction, because baseball has made peace with their past.
“Everybody, I think, knows my situation,” they said. “I'm not there to offer any more, as far as I know. I'm not really worried about it at all.”
As comfortable as Seattle and Oakland uniforms are for Giambi and Griffey, returning to the nest has not befitted some of the game's greats. Willie Mays went back to New York from San Francisco for two clumsy and inglorious seasons with the Mets through 1973; two years later, Hank Aaron returned to their Milwaukee Braves roots by lumbering through two bloated years with the Brewers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Griffey and Giambi should have more success during their second go-rounds with their first teams. Griffey, expected to play left field and be a designated hitter, hit 18 home runs last year on a bad knee and should provide left-handed power in the middle of the Mariners' order — health permitting.
“I may not hit 50, 40 or 30 home runs, but I can do the little things like moving runners over that don't show up in the box score,” Griffey said, sounding nothing like the fearsome slugger they once are. Ever playful when they want to be, Griffey then joked how they would push Ichiro Suzuki for the team lead in infield singles.
If nothing else, Griffey's return will re-energize fans after a dreary 101-loss season. Armstrong said that the Mariners sold 19,000 more tickets than normal in the two days after Griffey's signing.
Giambi hit 32 home runs with 96 R.B.I. and a .373 on-base percentage for the Yankees last year, and could help form an imposing 3-4 combination in Oakland with the fellow import Matt Holliday, formerly of the Colorado Rockies. Giambi might clog the bases, but they will clear them occasionally, too.
As Griffey and Giambi round into home, they and their many fans will have to adjust to their new skill sets. As Giambi put it through their weathered whiskers, they can still drink plenty of beer, “but I don't think I'll play as well the next day.”
CCP Games has revealed that Oculus Rift virtual reality (VR) headset makers Oculus VR are researching hand-tracking controls for use in VR experiences. The company revealed as much during a VR videogame design developer roundtable at this year's EVE Fanfest event in Reykjavik, Iceland. The talk was centered around the team's upcoming VR exclusive title EVE: Valkyrie for both the Oculus Rift on PC and Project Morpheus VR headset on PlayStation 4.
Senior Programmer Sigurður Gunnarsson teased Oculus VR's work while fielding a question about hand-tracking control input. The team first addressed the Myo arm band that can be used for gesture control before revealing that the Oculus Rift makers had been researching this kind of control input itself. The developer was quick to note that they couldn't comment on the topic any further, however.
It's not the first we've heard about an Oculus VR-developed input solution. In fact company founder Palmer Luckey labeled input ‘the next big obstacle' for VR back in March 2014, suggesting that the company might be working on its own control scheme. Could we see an official motion controller from Oculus VR? VRFocus will continue to follow the company and all of its developments, bringing you all the latest.
After Conservative leadership hopeful Kellie Leitch attracted national attention with a proposal to screen would-be newcomers to Canada for “anti-Canadian values," the great minds of our nation found themselves fixated on one question this week:
Which is the real threat to our nation: World views held by a faction of immigrants to Canada — or Kellie Leitch's divisive politics?
The leaders of the left claim screening for anti-Canadian values is somehow racist, while contemptible conservatives warn that screening beliefs will inevitably lead us down a slippery Orwellian slope of punishment for thought crime.
Meantime, innumerable armchair pundits claim there's no such thing as Canadian values, so, “Who is any government to judge?”
So, tonight a public service announcement:
There is such a thing as Canadian values.
And, a warning:
It is precisely because of the contemporary Canadian's unwillingness to name and defend those values, that each one of our values has made its way onto an endangered species list.
Then: My guest is Iranian-American human rights activist and producer of the Glazov Gang Aynaz Anni Cyrus, who brings a dire warning about Sharia USA.
Christian Horner has played down fears about the reliability of Renault's new-for-2017 engine.
It is rumoured the new power unit boasts better performance than its 2016 predecessor, but it obviously struck consistent reliability trouble during Barcelona testing.
Red Bull team boss Horner said: "Renault has taken a big step forward with its 2017 power unit. Everything that was promised has been delivered.
"There are a few small reliability issues that need to be addressed now, but there are no deeper issues, just simple things," they told the French magazine Auto Hebdo.
Horner's comments indicate a much better current relationship between Red Bull and Renault, and the Red Bull chief credits that partly to their Renault counterpart Remi Taffin.
"Our relationship is going well," Horner agrees.
"It seems that under Remi's leadership, Renault has recovered the desire to return to the competitive position it had."
Renault-powered Toro Rosso driver Daniil Kvyat is also expecting a good season with their French engine.
"Renault is known for its conservative beginnings, so they have to be given a little time because there has been a considerable improvement," the Russian told Spain's El Mundo Deportivo.
(GMM)
I spoke to the festival's founder Martina Vacková asking how much of a boost last year's success provided.
“Last year's success had a big impact on us and helped us move forward and make a bigger festival which now runs over four days and takes place not only in Prague but also in Bratislava. After last year we were also better positioned to ask for state funding or even from the Australian Embassy in Vienna.”
It became clear that you had met a demand or created a niche…
“Yes, I think so. Last year there were many people who were curious about Australian films. There are a lot of festivals around focusing on European films but that wasn't true of Australia and I think there is room for other parts of the worlds as well: South America, or Asia… Australian films are a little bit unique and people recognized that last year through just three films. And this year we have ten features, so we have grown.”
What are some of the films that you are going to be screening?
“I am very proud that we were able to get two new Australian films: Last Cab to Darwin and The Daughter. Both had international premieres in Toronto and Venice in September. Both were playing in Australia when I visited and were among the top films. Last Cab to Darwin was among the top five, and I am very curious to see how it will be received in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. On one level it is a sad story (about a man who finds out their life is ending) but it is also very comic and it is about how they decide to live. I think it well be successful here.”
More and more, festivals have accompanying programmes; tell us some of the details.
“I am very happy that part of the festival is also an exhibition of large landscape photos of Australia, which was provided by Tourism Australia. You can photo of places like Red Center, The Pinnacles, nature with the characteristic red soil, the Sydney Opera House, Tasmania, Gordon River, the Great Ocean Road and more. I was in some of those places, some of which are harder to visit, so when I chose these pictures I realized I was also drawing on my personal experience there.”
Do you miss being there? I understand you lived there for the better part of a decade…
“I get asked that a lot, but nowadays I don't really. The reason is that I go back because of the festival and because of reciprocal festivals of Czech and Slovak film there, and these serve as a bridge. Instead, I am excited about bringing back a little bit of Australia here, so that people who have never been there or not been there yet, who know only a few films, learn more about this incredible country. It has a beautiful landscape and is so different, yet many of the stories, including problems faced, are the same as we know here.”
I read that Czech director Jan Hřebejk is the patron – how did they get involved?
“The reason is that they have been very successful there with their film Divided We Fall at the Sydney International Film Festival in Sydney. I met them there and once we got the idea to launch this festival, it was natural to ask them if they were willing and they kindly offered their patronage.”
Another aspect I'd like to ask about is the inclusion of the Australian TV series The Code. TV series or productions in the last decade have developed and improved to such a level that some rival or even outpace many films. Tell me about the idea to include this series.
“Australia has strong TV production and I am happy that there was lot to choose from. But when I saw The Code, there was no question in my mind this would be a great fit. It is not too easy to get TV drama for film festivals but some of the bigger festivals have done it or are going to and we are following that trend. The Code is on TV but it works just as well on the big screen and it has a mix of everything to make great drama. Intrigue, politics, love, sex, crime in the form of computer hacking and more: I am really glad we were able to include it.”
As the festival's founder what are your biggest hopes for this year's edition?
“They are not different from before: I will be happy if the audience takes away a little bit of Australia and if they enjoy the films and the films opens doors for them, showing how beautiful and amazing Australia really is.”
Sooo much fun to play this classic gem again! And the Medals, just adds to the experience!
Only downside it seems at the moment is that a fair share of said Medals are not activating unfortunately.
So really hoping those are fixed soon so that I may continue in collecting all the Medals for the Game!
These are the Medals I'm having no luck in getting to activate;
Staff Of Ages
Well Done Warrior
Speedy
Cyclops Down
Mutated
Pay Up
Wrong Hole
Burn, Baby, Burn!
Let There Be Light
As for the Rick Roll'd, not sure, as I've no idea how to get that Medal at this time. So no way for me to test it. So anyone that know's how to get that Medal, please test to see if that Medal is still obtainable please?
Thanks again for this awesome classic and hope to see those medals fixed soon!
Many people seek an easy formula for choosing better wines.
I'm often asked if I can suggest a book, or a class, or a particular wine magazine. But trying to master the vast array of wine producers from almost all corners of the earth is a long, though fascinating, slog. I'm still trudging along that endless route myself.
Fortunately, there is a simpler solution that does not require poring over tomes that daunt you with complexity, or pamphlets that mislead you by promising easy expertise.
All you have to do is remember three words: Wine is food.
This may sound absurd to people whose idea of wine appreciation is swilling a little red in a bar while their friends are downing cocktails or beer. It will make no sense to those for whom a glass of wine is merely the reward for arriving home after a hard day's work, as others may enjoy a Scotch on the rocks or a martini.
But wine in the classic sense is not a cocktail replacement. It is an integral part of a meal, served at the table, with food. And for me, a simple way to understand wine, to elevate the quality of what you consume and the pleasure you take in it, is to treat wine as if it were another staple of the table, just as you would the produce, meat and bread that you shop for and eat.
B E R N D DNC bias/Evil lizard woman Debbie Wasserman Schultz Machines that only break for Berners Low-Information Voters "Closed primaries aren't democratic" Name Recognition Voter Fraud "We didn't want to win that one, anyway" SuperPACs "But we won [state with less than 15 delegates] MOMENTUM" How dare they schedule voting during finals week Neoliberal Warhawks CTR's Facebook Blackout 2016 Rigged by the Establishment Someone 74375 degrees of separation from the Clintons met someone on the BOE at a cocktail party once Obstructive Poll Workers Not Enough Debates GOP strategically voting for Hillary since Bernie polls so electable George Clooney Disappearing registrations that only hurt Berners "Brand loyalty" Closed Polling Locations That Only Hurt Berners Hillary's Pander Sauce in their Bag "But when you think about it, we gained 30 points over last year's polls, so it's actually a win" Election Fraud Unfair order of primaries
NVIDIA's SHIELD Tablet arrived earlier this year and it was one of the first devices to use NVIDIA's Tegra K1 platform with 4 Cortex A15 cores and a single SMX GPU based on NVIDIA's Kepler architecture. It was a major departure from NVIDIA's previous mobile GPU designs, and it came with a level of GPU performance that was unheard of in an ARM tablet. For the whole story you can take a look at the SHIELD Tablet review. What you may notice on the first page is the listing of a version with LTE support and 32GB of storage. At launch, the SHIELD Tablet was only available in its 16GB WiFi configuration. Today NVIDIA is opening pre-orders for the that model with 32GB of storage and LTE.
At $399, the SHIELD Tablet with LTE and 32GB of storage is $100 more expensive than the base model. This pricing is roughly in line with the cost of upgrades to other popular Android tablets like the Nexus 7, and much less expensive than upgrading an iPad to a 32GB model with LTE. The increased amount of storage and the addition of LTE are packaged together with NVIDIA's pricing; you can't just get one upgrade or the other.
In addition to the new model of the SHIELD Tablet, NVIDIA is announcing three new games optimized for Tegra K1 that are coming soon. The first is Beach Buggy Racing which is a kart racing game that is a sequel to Beach Buggy Blitz. The second is BombSquad which features various mini-games like capture the flag and hockey, with the addition of explosive weapons to blow up the other players. The last new title is Broadsword: Age of Chivalry which is a turn-based strategy game where the player assumes the role of the French or the British and builds their empire.
Customers in the United States on AT&T can also receive a special offer when buying the SHIELD Tablet with LTE. When activating it on a qualifying AT&T plan with a 2 year agreement, users will receive a $100 bill credit which effectively covers the cost of upgrading from the WiFi only model.
The SHIELD tablet with LTE and 32GB of storage can be pre-ordered now and it will ship on September 30th in the United States and Europe. Pre-orders can be made at Nvidia's official SHIELD website as well as retailers like Amazon, Best Buy, Fry's Electronics, GameStop, Micro Center, Newegg, and Tiger Direct. Information about where to buy in a specific region can be found in the "Where to Buy" section on NVIDIA's website.
Whenever an organization fails to implement any program, the obvious place to look first is leadership. Data analytics is no different. In a recent study of three-dozen companies who have put in place major analytics programs, EY found that a mere third met the objectives of their analytics initiatives over the long term. Their findings are reinforced by a Genpact survey of managers working at 100 large global enterprises, to which just 26% answered that their analytics program had met or exceeded their expected business outcomes.
Data analytics is no longer just a buzzword and there is little excuse for so many companies to be performing so poorly. The ultimate conclusion of EY's report was that the reason so many companies failed was confusion in the C-suite around whose responsibility the analytics program was, and the upset to the equilibrium created as the power structure is reconfigured as a result of the introduction of analytics. There are two ways you can see this - as a failure of leadership or a failure of the entire traditional corporate leadership structure. Is it simply no longer fit for purpose? Can companies set up along the lines of old corporate structures enact digital transformation and truly implement data initiatives, or are they destined to lose out to digital startups?
The problem seems to be a simple one if we accept EY's logic, a lack of clarity around ownership of the data. As there is no natural owner of analytics within the traditional organizational structure, when large-scale initiatives began to be implemented in earnest, the CFO, CDO, CIO, and CTO could all be said to have a claim for the controlling interest.
The obvious starting point would be IT, but this would be to misinterpret what exactly data analytics is. While a data initiative requires input from CIOs and their staff to manage the databases and networks that underpin it, data analytics is a decision-making tool and as such probably falls more under the purview of the CFO, because of their control over the data and oversight of strategic initiatives. But these kinds of arguments could go round and round. In truth, for an analytics initiative to truly succeed, the entire organization needs to be aligned with the goals, all employees must have all the data they need at their fingertips whenever they need it, and the structure needs to be agile enough for anyone to leverage insights as quickly as possible. Essentially, the whole company structure needs to be set up for digital and the culture be data driven. Tech companies have this, and that is why they have been so successful at using data. Incumbents usually lack these qualities and have largely struggled with data as a result, slowed down by legacy systems and layers of bureaucracy.
The problem is deeply ingrained and difficult to overcome. C-suite executives have substantial experience and big egos, and they have often got to where they are by trusting their gut. It's impossible to realize a data-driven vision with this attitude because without full buy-in, the vision will never become reality. Large corporate players may well be testing and adopting digital technologies, yet many still find it difficult to keep up. KPMG found that only third of businesses are able to apply digital in a strategic manner, and just one in five can label themselves as ‘digital proof'. Organizations need to have a clear ownership structure in place for their analytics initiatives, and clear goals around what they want to achieve from the data, but more than that they need to be digitally driven to be truly successful, and it seems like many are sticking their toes in the water rather than diving in. While incumbents have been able to compete for now, the ability to do so will not continue as startups born in digital grow and further develop within their industries. Those without analytics programs will lose out to competitors that do, but those who have not got the set-up to succeed in their analytics programs will eventually lose out anyway.
VANCOUVER — Arvind Gupta resigned Friday as president of the University of British Columbia after just a year on the job.
The university's board of governors announced Friday that Gupta will return to their academic career in UBC's department of computer science. They were installed as the 13th president of the university last September for a five-year term.
No reason was given for Gupta's resignation. But when pressed, UBC board of governors' chairperson John Montalbano said Gupta's reasons were “personal” and “in the best interest of their family, themselves and the university.”
Montalbano described Gupta's resignation as a surprise and “regrettable.
“I want to take this time to thank Dr. Gupta for their service to the university community over the past year and acknowledge their hard work, integrity, and dedication,” Montalbano said. “Dr. Gupta worked tirelessly during their tenure to advance UBC's core academic mission.”
Gupta improved student services, such as access to mental health support, developed a strategy to support diversity on campus and raised more than $200 million for the university, Montalbano said.
Gupta was known for making partnerships with the private sector. They were previously CEO of Mitacs, a UBC-based national not-for-profit organization that brings industry and business together with academia.
Under their leadership, three vice-presidents left their positions, including the provost and academic vice-president, the vice-president of finance and the vice-president of communications and community partnerships.
Montalbano said none of those things were related to Gupta's decision to resign as president.
Gupta declined to comment Friday, saying the news release should speak for itself. Gupta wasn't quoted in the announcement, which UBC's managing director of public affairs Susan Danard said was their choice.
Gupta was hired from within after an international search by a 22-member committee of faculty, staff, students, alumni and others that began in September 2013. They have three daughters — two of whom attend UBC — and is married to family physician Michelle Pereira.
In April, a body was found near the family's home on the university grounds, while Gupta was out of the country on university business.
Martha Piper, UBC's president from 1997 to 2006, will be interim president from September 1 to June 30, 2016 while the university searches for a new leader. Piper is on the boards of the Bank of Montreal, CARE Canada, the Dalai Lama Center for Peace and Education and the Canadian Stem Cell Foundation.
“I am very pleased to welcome back such a passionate supporter of UBC with a deep commitment to academic excellence,” UBC chancellor Lindsay Gordon said in a news release. “Dr. Piper's considerable experience during their time as UBC president and the years beyond will be invaluable during this time of transition.”
UBC's board of governors includes 11 community members appointed by the province, three elected students, three elected faculty members and two elected staff members, plus the president and the chancellor. Gupta's resignation was announced after the board held a closed, unscheduled meeting Friday. The meeting's minutes are not public, Danard said.
UBC has more than 58,000 students and 15,000 faculty and staff. Its annual budget is $2.2 billion.
Sun Education Reporter
tsherlock@vancouversun.com
===
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. CLICK HERE or go to vancouversun.com/moretothestory
THERE is a never-ending supply of business gurus telling us how we can, and must, do more. Sheryl Sandberg urges women to “Lean In” if they want to get ahead. John Bernard offers breathless advice on conducting “Business at the Speed of Now”. Michael Port tells salespersons how to “Book Yourself Solid”. And in case you thought you might be able to grab a few moments to yourself, Keith Ferrazzi warns that you must “Never Eat Alone”.
Yet the biggest problem in the business world is not too little but too much—too many distractions and interruptions, too many things done for the sake of form, and altogether too much busy-ness. The Dutch seem to believe that an excess of meetings is the biggest devourer of time: they talk of vergaderziekte, “meeting sickness”. However, a study last year by the McKinsey Global Institute suggests that it is e-mails: it found that highly skilled office workers spend more than a quarter of each working day writing and responding to them.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Which of these banes of modern business life is worse remains open to debate. But what is clear is that office workers are on a treadmill of pointless activity. Managers allow meetings to drag on for hours. Workers generate e-mails because it requires little effort and no thought. An entire management industry exists to spin the treadmill ever faster.
All this “leaning in” is producing an epidemic of overwork, particularly in the United States. Americans now toil for eight-and-a-half hours a week more than they did in 1979. A survey last year by the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention estimated that almost a third of working adults get six hours or less of sleep a night. Another survey last year by Good Technology, a provider of secure mobile systems for businesses, found that more than 80% of respondents continue to work after leaving the office, 69% cannot go to bed without checking their inbox and 38% routinely check their work e-mails at the dinner table.
This activity is making it harder to focus on real work as opposed to make-work. Teresa Amabile of Harvard Business School, who has been conducting a huge study of work and creativity, reports that workers are generally more creative on low-pressure days than on high-pressure days when they are confronted with a flurry of unpredictable demands. In 2012 Gloria Mark of the University of California, Irvine, and two colleagues deprived 13 people in the IT business of e-mail for five days and studied them intensively. They found that people without it concentrated on tasks for longer and experienced less stress.
It is high time that we tried a different strategy—not “leaning in” but “leaning back”. There is a distinguished history of leadership thinking in the lean-back tradition. Lord Melbourne, Queen Victoria's favourite prime minister, extolled the virtues of “masterful inactivity”. Herbert Asquith embraced a policy of “wait and see” when they had the job. Ronald Reagan also believed in not overdoing things: “It's true hard work never killed anybody,” they said, “but I figure, why take the chance?”. This tradition has been buried in a morass of meetings and messages. We need to revive it before we schedule ourselves to death.
The most obvious beneficiaries of leaning back would be creative workers—the very people who are supposed to be at the heart of the modern economy. In the early 1990s Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, a psychologist, asked 275 creative types if they could interview them for a book they were writing. A third did not bother to reply at all and another third refused to take part. Peter Drucker, a management guru, summed up the mood of the refuseniks: “One of the secrets of productivity is to have a very big waste-paper basket to take care of all invitations such as yours.” Creative people's most important resource is their time—particularly big chunks of uninterrupted time—and their biggest enemies are those who try to nibble away at it with e-mails or meetings. Indeed, creative people may be at their most productive when, to the manager's untutored eye, they appear to be doing nothing.
Managers themselves could benefit. Those at the top are best employed thinking about strategy rather than operations—about whether the company is doing the right thing rather than whether it is sticking to its plans. When they were boss of General Electric, Jack Welch used to spend an hour a day in what they called “looking out of the window time”. When they were in charge of Microsoft Bill Gates used to take two “think weeks” a year when they would lock themselves in an isolated cottage. Jim Collins, of “Good to Great” fame, advises all bosses to keep a “stop doing list”. Is there a meeting you can cancel? Or a dinner you can avoid?
Less is more—more or less
Junior managers would do well to follow the same advice. In “Do Nothing”, one of the few business books to grapple with the problem of over-management, Keith Murnighan of the Kellogg School of Management argues that the best managers focus their attention on establishing the right rules—recruiting the right people and establishing the right incentives—and then get out of the way. They quote a story about Eastman Kodak in its glory days. A corporate reorganisation left a small division out in the cold—without a leader or a reporting line to headquarters. The head office only rediscovered the division when it received a note from a customer congratulating the unit on its work.
Doing nothing may be going too far. Managers play an important role in co-ordinating complicated activities and disciplining slackers. And some creative people would never finish anything if they were left to their own devices. But there is certainly a case for doing a lot less—for rationing e-mail, cutting back on meetings and getting rid of a few overzealous bosses. Leaning in has been producing negative returns for some time now. It is time to try the far more radical strategy of leaning back.
After news broke that Congressman Blake Farenthold of Texas used taxpayer dollars to settle sexual harassment allegations, House Speaker Paul Ryan opted to not call for the lawmaker's resignation.
Ryan, through their spokesperson AshLee Strong, released the following statement on the matter:
“The speaker talked to Rep. Farenthold earlier today. The speaker has made clear any report of sexual harassment is deeply troubling, and those who feel mistreated or violated deserve to have their stories taken seriously. In this instance, the independent Office of Congressional Ethics investigated this claim and unanimously voted to dismiss it. Still, there are important questions to answer, including the use of taxpayer dollars for settlements. We will continue our efforts to reform this settlement system.”
Additionally, Politico — who initially broke the story on Farenthold — reported that Strong cited the Office of Congressional Ethics' investigation into the matter that found there was “not substantial reason to believe” the allegations against the Texas lawmaker.
Other Republicans have called for Farenthold to give up their post for using $84,000 taxpayer dollars as defacto hush money. A spokesperson for GOP Congresswoman Barbara Comstock of Virginia — who has been a notable voice on the sexual harassment issue — told Politico: “[H]e should pay back the money to the taxpayers. The Congresswoman would welcome a waiving of the nondisclosure agreement so the parties can come forward, particularly since we have not heard from the woman involved directly as we have in other cases.”
[image via screengrab]
Editor's note – This piece has been corrected to more accurately reflect Strong and Ryan's statement on the matter.
Follow the author on Twitter (@calebecarma).
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Ricardo Antonio Lopez-Campos (Photo: Provided)
Ricardo Antonio Lopez-Campos, 27, of Marina, was arrested after sending their real ID to a medical marijuana vendor before allegedly robbing the vendor, according to the Marina Police Department.
Police responded at 8:17 p.m. Monday to the parking lot of the Marina Wal-Mart after the armed robbery of the vendor. According to police, the suspect decided to rob a medical marijuana vendor and ordered some cannabis.
The vendor required the purchaser text a copy of their identification and medical marijuana certification before agreeing to the transaction. The suspect complied with the request and sent their own real identification to the victim. they then met the victim and proceeded with the armed robbery, taking marijuana from the victim.
Officers confirmed the identity of the suspect and located him. Ricardo Antonio Lopez-Campos was arrested and booked into Monterey County Jail. The stolen handgun used in the robbery, along with the marijuana was recovered by officers.
Read or Share this story: http://bit.ly/1RtVJ1b
June 7, 2010
by Christian Soderberg
in Finland
(for henrymakow.com)
According to William Lyne, author of 'Pentagon Aliens', Wernher von Braun started working on flying saucers for the Illuminati before WW II.
They say von Braun was in Los Alamos, New Mexico around 1936-37 testing the Tesla technology for the Illuminati, in a program which continued in Germany.
Wernher von Braun became a "false whistle blower" by telling Dr Carol Rosin, now a member of Steven Greer's Disclosure Project, about the dangers of the weaponization of space, which had taken place long before their "whistleblowing" in the mid -70's, starting with spy satellites in the 1950's.
From von Braun being "very secretive and not going into detail", Dr Rosin took this "secrecy and hinting" as von Braun's actual knowledge of Extra Terrestrials. This is an old "thought control"-trick of "tell them little, let them assume a lot".
The "Disclosure Project" is actually a "false left-right" paradigm"-propaganda trick, where "whistleblowers" tell us the Illuminati is going to 'stage an alien invasion'. This part is true. But the story that aliens are visiting Earth is false.
The MSM offer us two options. a)That "flying saucers" don't exist b)That "flying saucers" do exist, but are of alien origin. But the notion that these crafts would be human-made is practically nonexistent.
CIA INVENTED ALIENS
The Illuminati-controlled CIA started spreading alien-propaganda to hide the theft of Tesla technology and their true agenda, when people started reporting seeing these odd lights in the skies.
One operation was the 'Roswell crash' with it's fake alien autopsy.
This type of propaganda has continued in forms of MK-ULTRA-type operations where unwitting victims got "to meet aliens", and then were set free to tell the world about their experiences with the "secret government program with the aliens."
The CIA alien-propaganda is heavily promoted in the New Age spiritual circles to give support for this possible 'staged invasion', or/and for the arrival of some fake ET-New Age Messiah.
One version of this New Age propaganda is that the Nazi occultists, the Thule and the Vril Society, made telepathic contacts with aliens, who gave them instructions to build these anti-gravity grafts in old Sumerian language, giving also spin to the myths of aliens visiting the ancient human civilizations.
NAZI SAUCERS
Along with the Tesla-technology program, the Nazis were also building many "hoax-saucers" to hide the anti-gravity technology. But there's actual evidence that the Nazis really had a EM-propulsion "saucer" program. It comes from a 1957 FBI report in which a Polish immigrant described an experience as a POW working at a prison camp near Berlin in 1944.
They went to the FBI sharing their knowledge and a possible explanation to the news reports on UFOs in Texas causing engines to stall.
In the report, they say their tractor stalled and they weren't able to get it started. They heard a high pitched noise similar to a large electric generator but didn't see any machinery nearby. When the noise stopped, their engine started again. A few hours later, they saw a vehicle, slowly rising vertically behind a tarpaulin-type wall around 50 feet high, surrounding a circular area of 100-150 yards in diameter..
"This vehicle[...] circular in shape, 75 to 100 yards in diameter, and about 14 feet high, consisting of dark gray stationary top and bottom... The approximate three foot middle section appeared to be a rapidly moving [...] producing a continuous blur similar to an aeroplane propeller, but extending the circumference of the vehicle. The noise emanating from the vehicle was similar to the noise previously heard. The engine of the tractor again stalled [...] the noise stopped, after which the engine started normally.
Uninsulated metal, possibly copper, cables one and one-half inch to two inches in diameter, on and under the surface of the ground, [...] were observed..."
A photocopy of this FBI report can be found in Hitler's Flying Saucers, a book by Henry Stevens
From the tractor stalling, the grounding wires on the ground and the "blurring effect" the vehicle created, we can determine that this was an EM-propulsion craft, the "blur" being stimulated EM-fields under the craft.
---
Here's a Tesla quote on their FLYING SAUCER:
TESLA'S NEW MONARCH OF MACHINES
by Nikola Tesla -New York Herald Tribune, Oct. 15, 1911
"..And it makes the aeroplane practical," I suggested. "Not the aeroplane, the flying machine," responded Dr. Tesla. "Now you have struck the point in which I am most deeply interested--the object toward which I have been devoting my energies for more than twenty years--the dream of my life. It was in seeking the means of making the perfect flying machine that I developed this engine. "Twenty years ago I believed that I would be the first man to fly; that I was on the track of accomplishing what no one else was anywhere near reaching. I was working entirely in electricity then and did not realize that the gasoline engine was approaching a perfection that was going to make the aeroplane feasible. There is nothing new about the aeroplane but its engine, you know. "What I was working on twenty years ago was the wireless transmission of electric power. My idea was a flying machine propelled by an electric motor, with power supplied from stations on the earth. I have not accomplished this as yet, but am confident that I will in time. "When I found that I had been anticipated as to the flying machine, by men working in a different field, I began to study the problem from other angles, to regard it as a mechanical rather than an electrical problem. I felt certain there must be some means of obtaining power that was better than any now in use. And by vigorous use of my gray matter for a number of years, I grasped the possibilities of the principle of the viscosity and adhesion of fluids and conceived the mechanism of my engine. Now that I have it, my next step will be the perfect flying machine." "An aeroplane driven by your engine?" I asked. "Not at all," said Dr. Tesla. "The aeroplane is fatally defective. It is merely a toy--a sporting play-thing. It can never become commercially practical. It has fatal defects. One is the fact that when it encounters a downward current of air it is helpless. The "hole in the air" of which aviators speak is simply a downward current, and unless the aeroplane is high enough above the earth to move laterally but can do nothing but fall. "There is no way of detecting these downward currents, no way of avoiding them, and therefore the aeroplane must always be subject to chance and its operator to the risk of fatal accident. Sportsmen will always take these chances, but as a business proposition the risk is too great. "The flying machine of the future--my flying machine-- will be heavier than air, but it will not be an aeroplane. It will have no wings. It will be substantial, solid, stable. You cannot have a stable airplane. The gyroscope can never be successfully applied to the airplane, for it would give a stability that would result in the machine being torn to pieces by the wind, just as the unprotected aeroplane on the ground is torn to pieces by a high wind. "My flying machine will have neither wings nor propellers. You might see it on the ground and you would never guess that it was a flying machine. Yet it will be able to move at will through the air in any direction with perfect safety, higher speeds than have yet been reached, regardless of weather and oblivious of "holes in the air" or downward currents. It will ascend in such currents if desired. It can remain absolutely stationary in the air, even in a wind, for great length of time . Its lifting power will not depend upon any such delicate devices as the bird has to employ, but upon positive mechanical action."
"You will get stability through gyroscopes?" I asked.
"Through gyroscopic action of my engine, assisted by some devices I am not yet prepared to talk about," they replied.
"Powerful air currents that may be deflected at will, if produced by engines and compressors sufficiently light and powerful, might lift a heavy body off the ground and propel it through the air," I ventured, wondering if I had grasped the inventor's secret.
Dr. Tesla smiled an inscrutable smile.
"All I have to say on that point is that my airship will have neither gas bag, wings nor propellers," they said. "It is the child of my dreams, the product of years of intense and painful toil and research. I am not going to talk about it any further. But whatever my airship may be, here at least is an engine that will do things that no other engine ever has done, and that is something tangible."
Teslas_Flying_Machine.pdf
contents.htm
important/
videoplay?docid=- 1816553936289526581&ei=Sl_ YSav7G5r22wL36O2cBA&q=Hitler% 27s+secret+flying+saucers
3000090135
john1.html
tesla.html
http://aetherscience.net/www- energyscie ... s2001.html
The Energy Machine of Joseph Newman: (..the guy might be a bit "odd", but don't let it bother you and focus on the motor ...not the man.)
http://www.google.com/search? hl=fi&q=The+Energy+Machine+of+ Joseph+Newman&btnG=Haku&meta=& aq=null&oq=joe+newman+motor
A summary of Tesla's statements on their electro-craftWritings on and by Tesla on their inventions ..on some they talks about their electro-craft.Summation of Tesla's Dynamic Theory of Gravity (ether physics and electro propulsion system) by William LyneVideo material on the subject:Hitler's Secret Flying Saucers, a studio discussion with William Lyne:Nazi Ufos How They Fly, a studio discussion with William Lyne:Bendini machine:JOHN BEDINI'S COLLECTION OF FREE ENERGY MACHINESTesla switch, which apparently they used in their elecric car to drive it with a "Bendini/ Joe Newman" motor/generator ...here's info on how it worked:Here's an article by a physicist Harol Aspden on how this "Tesla/Bendini/Newman" mass-electromagnetic generator operates:IS THERE A REACTING AETHER? Here is the Proof: It powers the BEDINI Machine!
The Rangers' powerplay, a black mark earlier in the season, has climbed into the top half of the league in efficiency, converting on 19.3% of opportunities.
As always, my analysis of the powerplay focuses on the number of controlled offensive zone touches a player has, how many of those lead to scoring chances and how many result in turnovers.
All terms used are defined in my first installment. Below, I chart scoring chances (plus goals scored outside the scoring chance area) and scoring chances set-up against turnovers, both as a proportion of total offensive zone touches.
The shading of the circles represents where the player gets most of their touches. The darker the circle the higher proportion of touches are at the point. The lighter, the more are in the “home plate” scoring chance area.
A player to whom this measure of scoring chances likely isn't fair is Marty St. Louis, who's dangerous from most any angle on the right wing. St. Louis has scored four 5-on-4 goals from the lower, outside portion of the right side. For comparison, the Rangers have scored five goals from the opposite side and the points combined at 5-on-4.
Because of their aptitude on the right side, St. Louis doesn't venture too far from that position. No other player has near the dramatic difference that St. Louis has in touches on the right side versus the left side (nearly 9:1).
A player that's ineffective with the man advantage, by any measure of evaluation, Dan Girardi, continues to get steady second unit minutes.
16% of Girardi's offensive zone touches result in a turnover. Only three Rangers turn it over with the man advantage more often. Each of those players turn their touches into chances at least 3 times more frequently than Girardi (3.5%), however. Please make it stop.
Derek Stepan is a player who isn't generating many chances directly from their touches, at this moment.
Stepan does get a lot of point touches, but both McDonagh and Boyle are ahead of Stepan, who has turned only 5.1% of their touches into scoring chances. Yet Stepan is still middle of the pack in terms of turning the puck over. I hope to see more out of Stepan on the powerplay in the future.
One thing I wanted to see was how the Rangers' goal composition compares to the league. Lacking the patience to gather the data for all 30 teams, I decided to compare them to the team with the highest PP% — the St. Louis Blues.
While the Blues do generate more offense from their points, the difference isn't as staggering as I would have guessed. One thing that jumped out watching the Blues' powerplay goals is how many of them were a big point shot that was tipped in front.
There are plenty of reasons to be encouraged by the Rangers' powerplay, but there's reason to believe that they can build on it with the improvement of some (i.e. Stepan) and the deletion of others (i.e. Girardi).
KARACHI: Pakistan became Asia's worst football team when they plummeted to an all-time low of 201st in the FIFA rankings on Thursday.
The new rankings list, for the month of April, represents a fall of three places from last month for Pakistan.
Pakistan were ranked 198th in February and March, having started the year at 197th.
They are now four places behind Sri Lanka in Asia and there are just 10 countries between them and rock-bottom in the overall standings.
The game in the country has suffered over the last year with the Pakistan Football Federation (PFF) having split into two factions following a bitter dispute ahead of the presidential election in June 2015.
The Lahore High Court (LHC) has since ruled that Faisal Saleh Hayat, the man who is recognised as PFF president by world's football governing body FIFA, is no longer the country's football chief and ordered fresh elections.
The national team's last match was a 2018 World Cup qualifier against Yemen in March 2015.
Defeat in that two-legged first-round playoff effectively ruled out competitive matches for the national team for the next four years.
Adding to the misery, the Hayat faction has since pulled Pakistan out of the 2015 SAFF Suzuki Cup and the inaugural edition of the AFC Solidarity Cup in November last year.
The FIFA ranking is calculated by taking into account the team's results in competitive and friendly matches over a four-year period.
While Pakistan's dismal fall continued, arch-rivals and India achieved their best-ever ranking in two decades as they jumped 31 places to 101 — marking a gulf of 100 places between them and their bitter neighbours.
India's highest-ever ranking was 94, attained in February 1994.
Among other teams of the SAFF region, Maldives are ranked 151st with Bhutan 164th, Nepal 170th and Bangladesh on 193.
Agencies add: Meanwhile, five-time world champions Brazil have returned to what they will consider their rightful place at the top of the FIFA rankings for the first time in seven years, made all the sweeter as they usurped great rivals Argentina.
Brazil have enjoyed a impressive revival since Tite replaced Dunga as their national team coach last year, winning all nine matches they have played under their leadership including eight World Cup qualifiers.
They continued their run in March with a 4-1 win in Uruguay and 3-0 win over Paraguay to become the first side to book their place at next year's World Cup in Russia with four games to spare.
Brazil previously led the rankings going into the 2010 World Cup where they were eliminated by the Netherlands in the quarter-finals.
Since then, Neymar and Brazil have suffered a string of embarrassments, with elimination by Paraguay at successive Copa America tournaments in 2011 and 2015 and their infamous 7-1 loss to Germany in the 2014 World Cup semi-final.
Brazil dominated the world rankings throughout the last two decades but slumped to a record low of 22nd in 2013.
Their new surge is in contrast to Argentina and Neymar's Barcelona team-mate Lionel Messi, whose country are in danger of missing out on next year's World Cup after last week's 2-0 defeat in Bolivia.
They will not be able to call on their star man for three of their four remaining qualification matches because of suspension.
Four of the top five teams in the rankings announcement by FIFA, are from South America. Chile is fourth, Colombia fifth and Germany sandwiched in between in third.
South American teams tallied more ranking points last month by playing two World Cup qualifiers. European teams played one.
European champions Portugal are eighth, while Switzerland enter the top 10, up to ninth, with former number ones Spain clinging on in 10th.
Mexico rose one to 16th and lead CONCACAF teams. Egypt are Africa's best-placed team in 19th while Asia's top side are 28th-placed Iran.
World Cup hosts Russia fell one to 61st.
Published in Dawn, April 7th, 2017
Remember when the SEC used to be a defensive league?
In certain quarters, it still is. But there are more than a few teams in this league, proud of its black-and-blue heritage, in desperate need of a defensive facelift.
It's the reason former Florida coach Will Muschamp could break the bank when it comes to a defensive coordinator's salary.
Only two days have passed since Muschamp coached their final game with the Gators, and already he's being tied to defensive coordinator jobs that are open and some that aren't open.
Will Muschamp will be in high demand as a defensive coordinator and could very well stay in the SEC. AP Photo/Stephen B. Morton
As Muschamp said himself, they didn't win enough games at Florida to survive as head coach. But as a defensive coach, he's on a short list of the most respected minds in the game.
That's why Auburn is in hot pursuit after firing Ellis Johnson, and the Tigers are one of many. Texas A&M is also looking for somebody to come in and pick up the pieces of a defense that has been shredded the last two seasons.
There's not an opening at South Carolina -- yet. But Steve Spurrier will almost certainly make some changes after seeing the Gamecocks fall off the table defensively this season on the heels of three straight top-5 finishes in the SEC in total defense from 2011-13.
Going into this season, there were already two SEC defensive coordinators making more than $1 million per year. Alabama's Kirby Smart was at $1.35 million and LSU's John Chavis at $1.3 million. It was money well spent. Chavis' Tigers finished first in the SEC in total defense, and Smart's Crimson Tide were third. They both ranked in the top 10 nationally as well in scoring defense. LSU was third (16.4 points per game) and the Tide sixth (16.9 points per game).
Muschamp is in a position where they can afford to wait and see what is out there, if they so choose. Wherever they land, don't be surprised if they get a deal that pays them in excess of $1.5 million annually.
The college game has changed dramatically with no-huddle offenses and seemingly everybody spreading it out and playing fast-break basketball on a football field.
Even Alabama is spreading it out under first-year coordinator Lane Kiffin and running some no-huddle, which is saying something. Kiffin's boss, if you hadn't noticed, isn't a big fan of the fastball offenses, but Nick Saban is very much a fan of winning. They also are smart enough to know that you at least better have the capability to play that way with the climate we're in right now in college football.
The tricky part is finding the right fit at defensive coordinator on those teams that do want to play offense at the speed of light. As a rule, defensive numbers are going to suffer (and it's difficult to sustain quality defenses over a number of years) when its offense is playing that way because it's hard to practice the way most defenses want to practice in that system.
It's not impossible, though. Look at what Ole Miss defensive coordinator Dave Wommack did with that defense this season. The Rebels were first nationally in scoring defense and 14th in total defense.
Ole Miss coach Hugh Freeze, though, understood what they had in that defense this season and played to it. At times, the Rebels played slower than normal.
How would Muschamp fare as a defensive coordinator in a true no-huddle system?
We might find out -- if either Auburn or Texas A&M wins the Muschamp sweepstakes. At the end of the day, good defensive coaches adapt and can coach in any system.
We're seeing more of the fast-paced, spread offenses in the SEC than ever before. Arkansas, Georgia and LSU are still running the traditional, pro-style sets, and that's still the base for Alabama, but those teams are in the minority now in the SEC.
Muschamp won't be the only hot commodity out there this offseason as teams look to shore up their defenses in this video-game era of offensive football.
Somebody's sure to grab up former Nebraska head coach Bo Pelini, who was the defensive coordinator on LSU's 2007 national championship team.
There are others, too, with SEC ties that could be in play. Look at what former Vanderbilt defensive coordinator Bob Shoop did at Penn State this season. The Nittany Lions are ranked in the top 10 nationally in scoring defense, total defense, rushing defense and pass efficiency defense. They're No. 1 in rushing defense. In their three seasons at Vanderbilt, the Commodores were ranked in the top 25 nationally in total defense all three years.
In short, everybody loves offense. It's what sells, but there's a reason only one team in the last decade has won a national championship with a defense ranked outside the top 10 nationally in total defense.
That one team, by the way, was Auburn in 2010. The Tigers finished 60th nationally that year in total defense.
from UKColumn
We've talked about this topic many times on OffG, but at a time when “fakenews” is a hashtag, it's worth returning to this most egregious and worrying example of – at best – sloppy reporting, or – at worst – wholesale deception.
What happened at the Urm al-Kubra school on August 26 2013? Was it a chemical attack, a napalm attack or some sort of drill/rehearsal that was passed off as a real event? If the latter then where did the deception originate? Were the BBC Panorama crew, present at the Atareb hospital to film the aftermath of the alleged atrocity heroes, dupes or wilful advocates for a lie? Was the fact their program aired on the eve of a crucial vote in parliament that might have sent the UK to war against Assad merely a coincidence or a deliberate and calculated act of propaganda to push public opinion to support a very dangerous escalation in the region?
In this program Mike Robinson, Patrick Henningsen and campaigner Robert Stuart take a look at what is quite possibly the worst example of mainstream media fake news in history .
Fox Sports has added yet another analyst, presumably mostly for their debate shows, but their new hire is yet another NFL analyst, and they've brought them in just weeks before the NFL season ends with Super Bowl LI. Their newest addition is Greg Jennings, the former receiver for the Green Bay Packers, Minnesota Vikings, and Miami Dolphins, and they're thrilled to have him:
“We've been fortunate to have Greg on as a guest across many of our studio shows and have been incredibly impressed by their insight and ability to speak on a wide variety of topics,” said Whit Albohm, Vice President, Daily Studio Production for FS1. “His lengthy playing career and deep connections to the NFL make them an incredible asset to our team, and we are thrilled to have them at FOX Sports.” …During their playing career, Jennings dipped a toe into television, appearing on episodes of Criminal Minds, Royal Pains and The League, in addition to traditional sports television outlets. Following their retirement, Jennings began making regular appearances on a variety of sports shows, including FS1's UNDISPUTED, where their insightful analysis established an immediate rapport with co-hosts Bayless and Shannon Sharpe, as well as moderator Joy Taylor. “I am very excited to join the FOX Sports family,” said Jennings. “They've built a talented and creative group of people, from executives to on-air personalities, with a shared mindset of creating great programming for viewers.”
Here's Jennings' appearance on Undisputed Tuesday, where Skip Bayless announced their hire:
Jennings joins a deep roster of NFL analysts at Fox Sports. Ones who make regular appearances on FS1 debate shows include former players/former ESPN analysts Cris Carter and Ray Lewis, former coach/ESPN analyst Eric Mangini and former personnel executive/NFL Network analyst Michael Lombardi. Others listed on Fox's bios page as just “NFL analyst” (discounting the “FOX NFL Sunday analysts) include Ronde Barber, Charles Davis, David Diehl, Daryl Johnston, Shawne Merriman, and Dave Wannstedt (“NFL and college football analyst”).
Most of the above are focused on Sunday NFL appearances on the main Fox network, but many of them (and many of the FOX NFL Sunday analysts too) have shown up on FS1 programming as well. Original FS1 athlete panel veteran Ephraim Salaam isn't listed there, but their Twitter bio still says “Current Fox Sports 1 Broadcaster,” so they may be available too. That's a crowded environment for Jennings to be stepping into, and it will be interesting to see how he's able to differentiate himself.
The timing may be the most notable part of this, though. Yes, Jennings has already been making some guest appearances, but bringing them on staff with just two weeks before the Super Bowl feels odd. There will absolutely be room for them over the next two weeks, especially with all the programming Fox plans to air live from Houston (expect them to be a guest on much of it, along with their other NFL analysts), but what are they going to have them do in the offseason? Granted, there will still be NFL talk, especially when it comes to free agency, the draft, other offseason moves and so on, but won't the likes of Lombardi and Mangini be much more qualified to discuss those elements of the game?
Also, how much camera time can Jennings get, especially given the deep lineup of NFL people FS1 has and their lack of news shows to put them on? It's not like receivers' perspectives are missing, either; Carter presumably offers that, as Undisputed co-host Shannon Sharpe, and both are higher-profile personalities than Jennings is at this point. Maybe Jennings has some hot takes to drop, and maybe they can become a regular Embrace Debate star, but at the moment, there doesn't seem to be an obvious offseason role for him. It will certainly be interesting to watch and see what they do with him.
On 8/8 Only, ESPN8: The Ocho: “Bringing You the Finest in Seldom Seen Sports”
Network to Showcase Disc Golf, Ultimate Trampoline Dodgeball & Firefighters World Challenge among Others
Drawing inspiration from the 2004 hit movie “Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story” featuring Vince Vaughn, Christine Taylor and Ben Stiller, ESPNU will become ESPN8: “The Ocho” on Tuesday, Aug. 8, or more appropriately, 8/8. For one day only, the faux network will feature a line-up of unconventional sporting events ranging from Disc Golf to Ultimate Trampoline Dodgeball and Firefighters World Challenge playing off the mantra highlighted in the movie: “Bringing you the Finest in Seldom Seen Sports”.
Beginning at midnight, Monday into Tuesday, the network will air offbeat, alternative events, including:
2016 American Disc Golf Championship : A sport that involves players throwing a disc at a target while adhering to rules similar to golf. More info here.
: A sport that involves players throwing a disc at a target while adhering to rules similar to golf. More info here. 2016 WFTDA Roller Derby Championships : A game involving two teams of five women each, in which each team is on offense and defense simultaneously as they assist the designated “jammer” around the track. The jammer scores points for their team by lapping members of the opposing team. More info here.
: A game involving two teams of five women each, in which each team is on offense and defense simultaneously as they assist the designated “jammer” around the track. The jammer scores points for their team by lapping members of the opposing team. More info here. 2016 Sky Zone Ultimate Trampoline Dodgeball : Traditional dodgeball with the added element of players using trampolines during play. More info here.
: Traditional dodgeball with the added element of players using trampolines during play. More info here. Firefighters World Challenge XXV : Firefighters from around the world compete in teams to complete a series of five tasks including climbing a five-story tower, dragging hoses and rescuing a life-sized, 175 lb. “victim”, all while wearing full bunker gear. More info here.
: Firefighters from around the world compete in teams to complete a series of five tasks including climbing a five-story tower, dragging hoses and rescuing a life-sized, 175 lb. “victim”, all while wearing full bunker gear. More info here. 2016 Kabaddi World Cup Final : A contact team sport that originated in India involving two teams and unique rule. The goal is for each team's “raider” to tag as many of the opposing team's players as possible and return to his/her home half all while taking just a single breath. More info here.
: A contact team sport that originated in India involving two teams and unique rule. The goal is for each team's “raider” to tag as many of the opposing team's players as possible and return to his/her home half all while taking just a single breath. More info here. 2017 Championship of Bags: A cornhole tournament for a variety of skill levels. More info here.
A cornhole tournament for a variety of skill levels. More info here. Moxie Games: An uncanny, new and amazing event which combines a variety of sports into one, such as dodgeball and juggling, martial arts and volleyball, and table tennis and soccer
An uncanny, new and amazing event which combines a variety of sports into one, such as dodgeball and juggling, martial arts and volleyball, and table tennis and soccer U.S. Open Ultimate Championship: A self-officiating competition with two teams on a field similar to a football field, but the object used is a disc. The objective of the game is to catch a pass in the opponent's end zone. More info here.
A vast majority of these events will be available On Demand on both TV and streaming devices; however, unfortunately, Cotton McKnight and Pepper Brooks will not be on-hand to provide colorful commentary of all these great events.
Full Schedule
Date Time (ET) Title Network Tues, Aug 8 Midnight 2016 American Disc Golf Championship ESPN8: “The Ocho” 2 a.m. 2016 WFTDA Roller Derby Championships ESPN8: “The Ocho” 4 a.m. 2016 Sky Zone Ultimate Trampoline Dodgeball ESPN8: “The Ocho” 5:30 a.m. Firefighters World Challenge XXV ESPN8: “The Ocho” 8 a.m. 2016 Kabaddi World Cup Final ESPN8: “The Ocho” 9 a.m. World Darts Championship ESPN8: “The Ocho” 11:30 a.m. Arm Wrestling: Best of WAL 2016 Championship ESPN8: “The Ocho” 12:30 p.m. 2017 Championship of Bags ESPN8: “The Ocho” 2:30 p.m. EVO 2017 World Championship – Street Fighter ESPN8: “The Ocho” 5:00 p.m. Moxie Games ESPN8: “The Ocho” 7 p.m. U.S. Open Ultimate Championship ESPN8: “The Ocho”
All of these events have previously aired across ESPN networks with the exception of the Moxie Games.
-30-
Two weeks ago, Eugene Fama, Lars Hansen and Robert Shiller were awarded the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences for their contributions to "Trendspotting in Asset Markets."
Since then, some thinkers have questioned whether economics deserves to be called a "science".
Here is a round-up of their arguments:
Liam Halligan (Telegraph UK): "Time to stop this pretence - economics is not science"
Economics isn't a science, and as a field, doesn't deserve a Nobel along with the hard sciences like Physics, Chemistry and Medicine.
Unlike scientists, economists don't provide solutions to the broad, macro problems humans face today.
The research findings of the 2013 winners don't agree with each other, which is the opposite of what "science" is.
Economics relies too much on "soft" fields like politics, sociology and history to be a science.
CHICAGO (STMW) — Two men were killed and at least nine others —including a 12-year-old boy — were wounded in city shootings on Wednesday.
A west suburban man was killed in the most recent fatal shooting Wednesday afternoon in the Back of the Yards neighborhood on the South Side.
Ismael Lopez, 24, was in the 4800 block of South Winchester about 1:45 p.m. when someone inside a red truck fired shots at them and drove off, according to police and the Cook County medical examiner's office.
They were shot in the abdomen and was taken to Stroger Hospital, where they were pronounced dead at 2:51 p.m., authorities said.
Lopez lived in the 1500 block of Elm Street in Berwyn, the medical examiner's office said.
Minutes after noon, a man was shot to death near their home in the University Village neighborhood on the Near West Side.
Eric Washington, 25, was shot in the back and abdomen at 12:07 p.m. while standing in a parking lot in the 1200 block of West Washburne, police and the medical examiner's office said.
Washington, who lived in the same block, was taken to Stroger Hospital where they were pronounced dead at 12:45 p.m., the medical examiner's office said.
Two men were wounded in the most recent nonfatal shooting in the Little Village neighborhood on the West Side.
About 11:30 p.m., the men, 19 and 26, were inside a vehicle stopped at a stop sign in the 2800 block of South Kostner when a dark-colored vehicle pulled alongside it and someone inside fired at them, police said.
The men drove to Mount Sinai Hospital, where their conditions were stabilized, police said.
Two more men were shot at 7:50 p.m. in the South Side Auburn Gresham neighborhood.
The men, 22 and 23, were both shot in their left legs in the 7800 block of South Carpenter, police said. Their conditions had stabilized at the scene.
Police said the shooting is a suspected drive-by. Both men are documented gang members.
A 15-year-old boy was shot outside a grocery store in the Greater Grand Crossing neighborhood on the South Side.
The boy was walking outside the store in the 300 block of West 75th Street at 6:34 p.m. when they were shot in the right leg, police said.
They were taken to University of Chicago Comer Children's Hospital in good condition, police said.
About 15 minutes earlier, a man was shot in the Chatham neighborhood on the South Side.
The 19-year-old was shot in the upper right thigh in the 7800 block of South Calumet, police said. Their condition has stabilized at Stroger Hospital.
Police said the man is not cooperating with investigators and is a documented gang member.
A 12-year-old boy is in serious condition after they were shot in the West Side Austin neighborhood.
The boy was outside in the 5900 block of West North at 6:15 p.m. when they heard gunshots and realized he'd been shot, police said. They ran to a family member's car for help, and that relative drove them to West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park.
The boy was later transferred to Stroger Hospital, where they were listed in serious condition, police said.
Three hours earlier, a man was shot in the West Englewood neighborhood South Side.
The 27-year-old was sitting in a vehicle in the 7000 block of South Racine about 3:15 p.m. when a male walked up and started shooting, police said.
They were shot in the left eye and lower back, and also suffered a graze wound to the right thigh, police said. The shooter then ran away.
The victim took themselves to Saint Bernard Hospital and Health Care Center, but was later transferred to Stroger Hospital, where their condition stabilized.
Wednesday's first shooting happened overnight, when a woman was injured in an accidental shooting while inside a party bus near Millennium Park.
The 24-year-old woman was shot in the leg after another passenger discharged a gun about 2:35 a.m. while inside the bus on Michigan Avenue near Monroe Street, police said. The shooting appeared to be accidental.
They were taken in good condition to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, police said.
Police said witnesses were not cooperating with investigators.
(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2015. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
How much does a dime weigh? What are pennies made of? Find out in the table below, which gives specifications for U.S. Mint legal tender coins presently in production for annual sets. Specifications for the Presidential $1 Coin and Native American $1 Coin are the same.
Denomination Cent Nickel Dime Quarter Dollar Half Dollar Dollar Composition Copper Plated Zinc 2.5% Cu
Balance Zn Cupro-Nickel 25% Ni
Balance Cu Cupro-Nickel 8.33% Ni
Balance Cu Cupro-Nickel 8.33% Ni
Balance Cu Cupro-Nickel 8.33% Ni
Balance Cu Manganese-Brass 88.5% Cu
6% Zn
3.5% Mn
2% Ni Weight 2.500 g 5.000 g 2.268 g 5.670 g 11.340 g 8.1 g Diameter 0.750 in.
19.05 mm 0.835 in.
21.21 mm 0.705 in.
17.91 mm 0.955 in.
24.26 mm 1.205 in.
30.61 mm 1.043 in.
26.49 mm Thickness 1.52 mm 1.95 mm 1.35 mm 1.75 mm 2.15 mm 2.00 mm Edge Plain Plain Reeded Reeded Reeded Edge-Lettering No. of Reeds N/A N/A 118 119 150 N/A
Hundreds of South Korean scholars have declared they are boycotting the writing of state-issued history textbooks out of concern that they will teach distorted views of the country's recent past.
Conservative President Park Geun-hye's government plans to require middle and high schools to use textbooks edited by the government after 2017, instead of allowing schools to choose from eight private publishers, as is currently the case.
The move toward state-issued textbooks is the latest in a series of efforts by conservative leaders in South Korea and Japan to shape school history books to reflect their political views, and has sparked fierce criticism from academics and opposition parties.
Professors from more than 20 South Korean universities said they would not contribute to the textbooks because they believe the government is moving to soften descriptions of the brutal dictatorships that preceded South Korea's bloody transition toward democracy in the 1980s. The Korean History Research Association, the country's largest group of historians, with nearly 800 members, has declared it will not participate in the writing process.
Opposition leader Moon Jae-in, who lost the 2002 presidential election to Park, said in a Facebook post Saturday that the directive to revert to state-issued textbooks signals an attempt at “beautifying” past dictatorships, and added that such textbooks would be “global embarrassments.”
In announcing the controversial plans on Monday, Education Minister Hwang Woo-yea argued that the current history textbooks are too left-leaning and encourage views sympathetic to North Korea, and called for school books that are “objective” and “balanced.” The plan was to recruit professional historians to help write the new textbooks.
Before leaving for their current trip to the United States, Park defended the move toward state-issued textbooks by saying history classes must inspire “pride” in students for being South Korean citizens. Park is the daughter of slain military dictator Park Chung-hee, who ruled South Korea in the 1960s and '70s, and whose legacy as a successful economic strategist is marred by brutal records of civilian oppression.
Lee Shincheol, a historian at Seoul's Sungkyunkwan University and a contributing author of one of the current textbooks, said that the government's criticism makes little sense because private publishers had been required to follow editorial guidelines set by the Education Ministry and have their content reviewed by a state-run history institution. For the government to insist on full control over textbooks would eliminate academic freedom and result in politicized historical narratives, Lee said.
“Even Korea's feudal monarchs had granted autonomy to royal chroniclers, but Park's concept of history is more outdated than that of old kings,” they said.
The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe also in recent years has been criticized for trying to influence textbooks for political purposes.
Japan's Education Ministry last year introduced a textbook screening policy that required private publishers reflect the government's official position on contentious issues in modern history to “balance out” references to Japan's wartime aggression. However, Japan hasn't been using state-issued textbooks since the end of World War II, Lee said.
It was Park's father who introduced state-issued history textbooks in 1974, two years after they declared martial law amid widening student protests and rammed through a new constitution that effectively made them president for life. It was not until the early 2000s when South Korea began liberalizing the production of history textbooks, and since 2011, all history books used in middle and high schools have been written by private publishers.
Park's decision to revert to the old textbook system seems to be an effort to rally their conservative supporters in a country deeply split along ideological and generational lines, according to an official at Moon's party, who did not want to be named, citing office rules. South Korea holds its next parliamentary elections in April next year.
The 606 Wins A National Prize For Urban Design
By Mae Rice in Arts & Entertainment on Mar 30, 2016 8:42PM
The 606 (photo via Ben Campney on Flickr)
The 606 has won the American Planning Association's 2016 National Planning Excellence Award for Urban Design, the association announced Wednesday.
The 606 deserves this national honor, the association reasons, because it's the largest successful rails-to-trail conversion in the country. The 2.7-mile Bloomingdale Trail (a.k.a. the heart of the 606) is just short of twice as long as New York's High Line. The trail is convenient, too. Eighty thousand people live within a ten-minute walk of it, and it connects four West Side neighborhoods: Humboldt Park, Bucktown, Wicker Park and Logan Square. Critics argue that the trail is jacking up rents and housing prices in those same neighborhoods, but the association makes no mention of that.
Instead, they focus on what the trail adds to the city. Green space, for instance—and it will bring even more when plans for the trail's six satellite, ground-level parks come to fruition. The 606 also creates "a safe place for neighborhood children to learn to ride their bicycles without worrying about traffic," according to the association. (Since they praise the trail's safety, they apparently haven't heard about the recent rash of cyclist robberies on the 606.)
This award really honors a lot of different parties that came together to work on the 606. Plans for the trail were put together by two design companies and one solo artist, according to the Tribune: the Chicago office of Collins Engineers, Brooklyn-based Michael Van Valkenburgh Associates and Chicago artist Frances Whitehead. The 606 was then developed by the City of Chicago, the Chicago Park District and The Trust for Public Land.
Two young campers were sleeping in Yosemite Valley this August when a tree branch snapped and fell on their tent, killing them both. “We don't know what caused the limb to fall,” said the park's spokesperson, Jodi Bailey. “It seems like just a freak accident.”
Ms. Bailey was right: Being killed by a falling object is extremely rare. On average, about 680 Americans each year die this way, or about two people per million. The accident was seen as so unusual that it became national news, covered by CNN, The Los Angeles Times, MSN and The Daily Beast.
Yet in other developed countries, there is another cause of death that is just as rare: homicide by gun.
In Germany, for example, about two out of every million people are fatally shot by another person each year — making such events as uncommon there as the campers' deaths in Yosemite. Gun homicides are just as rare in several other European countries, including the Netherlands and Austria. In the United States, two per million is roughly the death rate for hypothermia or plane crashes.
David Goldman for The New York Times
A little before 2 a.m. on Monday, Jon S. Corzine was in MF Global's offices in Midtown Manhattan, scrambling to cut a deal to save their firm. Haggard from too little sleep, at times pacing the hallways, they at least had a handshake agreement with one suitor for the firm.
Then the chief executive was interrupted to handle a brief conversation that would stop the deal talks cold: hundreds of millions of dollars in customer funds, they were told, could not be located.
Related Links Complete Coverage: MF Global
Three hours later, the board of MF Global, with no bidders or options left, voted to file for bankruptcy, the largest failure on Wall Street since Lehman Brothers in 2008.
While the commodities and derivatives brokerage firm fell apart with ferocious speed, the collapse came after regulators raised warning flags for more than four months. They told MF Global it needed to raise more capital, and they asked about risky transactions involving European debt.
Yet Mr. Corzine resisted, lobbying to persuade regulators that the firm did not need to raise capital, according to people briefed on the discussions. MF Global did improve its capital position, but it was not enough to save the firm.
The details that have emerged about MF Global's final 72 hours — drawn from dozens of interviews with people who participated in the weekend discussions or were directly briefed by people who did — illustrate that three years after the financial crisis, Wall Street executives are still fighting regulators' demands.
It also shows that even when the watchdogs sound the alarm, it is not necessarily enough to save a firm. Now, multiple regulators and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are examining the firm's collapse, trying to determine what went wrong and where the missing money, now suspected to be roughly $630 million, went.
The CME Group, a major exchange where MF Global traded until this week, said on Wednesday that Mr. Corzine's firm had appeared to transfer client money sometime last week “in a manner that may have been designed to avoid detection,” a serious violation of Wall Street regulations. MF Global did not disclose the shortfall in client money to CME or to regulators until early Monday morning, shortly before the firm filed for bankruptcy.
A person close to the company said it was not aware of any audit by the CME Group. Neither Mr. Corzine nor MF Global have been accused of any wrongdoing.
One of the first signs of trouble for MF Global came in June, when regulators reviewed its recent financial statements, according to a person with direct knowledge of the matter. In a footnote, MF Global disclosed that it had bought debt from Italy, Ireland and other troubled European nations.
The disclosure alarmed the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Wall Street's self-regulator, which worried that MF Global lacked enough capital to support the trades.
Finra called MF Global, pushing it to raise its capital levels, but Mr. Corzine fought back, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Frustrated, Mr. Corzine decided to go over Finra's head to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the person said. In July, Mr. Corzine traveled to Washington to state their case to S.E.C. officials at their offices near Union Station in Washington. Mr. Corzine chalked up their concerns to undue jitters over Europe's ballooning debt crisis, the person said. The S.E.C. and Finra wouldn't bend, and in August, the firm increased its capital cushion.
MF Global declined to comment; Mr. Corzine did not respond to a request for comment.
The move offered only short-term relief. By mid-October, MF Global's European gamble was being widely discussed on a nervous Wall Street. Rumors spread that Moody's Investors Service was considering a cut to MF Global's credit rating. Finra resumed regular talks with the firm, questioning whether anxious customers, investors and trading partners would drain the firm's liquidity.
Late on Oct. 24, Moody's did move to cut its rating on the firm, to just one notch above junk status, citing in part the European bond holdings.
That proved to be a watershed moment: the downgrade led MF Global's trading partners to demand extra collateral, draining the firm's cash supply.
Under mounting pressure from Washington and Wall Street, MF Global moved up its scheduled quarterly earnings announcement by two days, reporting on Oct. 25 that it had recorded a $186 million loss, its fourth loss in six quarters. The share price of MF Global went into free fall, tumbling 67 percent over the course of that week. The firm also started drawing on its credit lines.
Mr. Corzine quickly hired the investment bank Evercore Partners to help them find a buyer for part or of all of the firm. MF Global also contacted BlackRock, the giant asset manager, to help it wind down its balance sheet — including efforts to sell its holdings of European debt. Eventually, MF Global brought bankruptcy lawyers on board to prepare for the worst.
Mr. Corzine had other fires to put out.
Joshua Roberts/Bloomberg News
Last Thursday, regulators from several agencies arrived at MF Global's offices in New York and Chicago. What they saw over the course of the next few days troubled them, according to people knowledgeable about the matter who spoke only on condition of anonymity. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission, led by Gary Gensler, became concerned that MF Global had not kept customer money separate from company funds, a fundamental rule on Wall Street.
MF Global assured regulators at the time that the money was in order, these people say.
On Saturday, Mr. Gensler reached out to H. Rodgin Cohen, a partner at Sullivan & Cromwell who has long served as Wall Street's go-to lawyer in a crisis. During the tumultuous days of 2008, Mr. Cohen advised a number of embattled Wall Street executives, including Richard S. Fuld Jr. of Lehman Brothers. They now found themselves counseling Mr. Corzine.
“We need more documents,” Mr. Gensler told the lawyer, according to people briefed on the conversation. The call set off a scramble at MF Global as employees tried to locate the documents regulators were demanding.
Other issues about the quality of the firm's bookkeeping were being spotted by employees from BlackRock, who had arrived to value the MF Global portfolio, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.
Yet even as questions about MF Global's records were beginning to surface, talks on a possible sale were getting under way. Two main bidders quickly emerged — the Interactive Brokers Group and Jefferies Group. Jefferies, a brokerage house based in New York, has a futures trading business and the idea of expanding it is said to have appealed to its chief executive, Richard Handler. A small team of Jefferies executives arrived at MF Global on Friday and were escorted into a windowless conference room. The executives returned the next day as well.
They sorted through stacks of information about MF Global's operations. While they didn't notice anything out of order with MF Global's books, they left that Saturday without making a bid. Jefferies, a person with knowledge of the matter said, concluded it simply needed more time to complete such a complicated acquisition — time MF Global didn't have.
That left Interactive Brokers. The Connecticut brokerage firm was also huddled in a separate windowless conference room not far from where the Jefferies team was holed up.
Mr. Corzine, who ran Goldman Sachs in the 1990s before serving as a Democratic senator from New Jersey and then New Jersey governor, was the lead negotiator for MF Global. One person who saw them Saturday said they looked “pained” at the events unfolding around him.
Around 2 p.m. on Sunday, Mr. Corzine and an Evercore banker, Jane Gladstone, were able to call regulators and brief them on the sale talks. They sounded optimistic, saying that they were confident a deal would get done.
That hope grew into the evening.
As Interactive Brokers continued its dive into MF Global's books, signs of exhaustion among the participants grew. J. Christopher Flowers, the MF Global investor and former Goldman executive, was spotted at the talks on Sunday wearing mismatched shoes.
Just before 1:45 a.m., Mr. Corzine received the information telling them that customer funds were missing. That alarmed Interactive Brokers, and the firm walked away from the bargaining table.
An MF Global executive then notified the regulators, who were still camped in the firm's Manhattan offices. Commodity Futures Trading Commission officials called Mr. Gensler, waking them around 2:30 a.m. to join a conference call with MF Global and other regulators.
MF Global executives could not stay on the phone for long — they needed to convene the board and prepare for a bankruptcy filing.
But the phone line remained open for several hours, as regulators discussed how to handle the first major financial failure of the postcrisis era.
Azam Ahmed contributed reporting.
By Jan Bones and Pamela Howard
from Sew Stylish #1, pp. 36-37
You've picked up a pattern you love and you're about to buy fabric to go with it when you notice that the pattern specifies only knit fabrics. If you're thinking “that sounds like Greek to me,” don't be discouraged. Your pattern is simply talking about the two basic categories that fabrics fall into: knits and wovens. Understanding and identifying these categories is essential to preventing all sorts of sewing and fitting puzzlement. In the following pages, you'll get all the information you need on these two basic fabric types to take the mystery out of pattern instructions.
How to i.d. your fabric
When you can't tell if a fabric is a knit or woven, put it through these tests:
Look for loops or grain
In knit fabric (left), one continuous yarn is looped repeatedly to create what looks like tiny rows of braids. In woven fabric (right), multiple yarns cross each other at right angles to form the grain, like a basket.
Apply the stretch test
When knit fabric is stretched along its width, it will stretch significantly. Along its length, it will stretch slightly. If a knit fabric is stretched excessively, a run may form. Most woven fabrics can't stretch along the lengthwise grain (the length of the fabric), and there is minimal give along the crosswise grain (the width of the fabric). Check the wrinkle resistance
When you ball up a knit in your hand, it will crush easily. When you release it, the fabric will spring back into shape with few, if any, wrinkles. When you wad up a woven fabric, it usually wrinkles easily.
Inspect the edges
A knit is either sold as a tube or flat. On flat knits, factories apply round blobs of starch or glue along the lengthwise edges to prevent them from curling. Along the width, or cut edge, the fabric doesn't fray. The lengthwise edges of a woven fabric, called the selvages, are strong and don't move. The cut edge across the width of the fabric frays.
Jan Bones (SewingLingerie.com) teaches sewing all across the United States and Canada. Pamela Howard teaches sewing in the metro Atlanta area.
Model photo: Jack Deutsch; hair and makeup, Christie McCabe. Studio photos: Sloan Howard.
Learn about knits and wovens, and your sewing will be a cinch.
Launch Gallery
Sign up for the Threads eletter Get the latest including tips, techniques and special offers straight to your inbox. Sign Up ×
Palo Verde derailment Location Palo Verde, Arizona Date October 9, 1995 Target Amtrak Sunset Limited Attack type Train derailment caused by sabotage Deaths 1 Non-fatal injuries 78 Perpetrators Unknown Motive Retaliation of the Waco Siege
The 1995 Palo Verde derailment took place on October 9, 1995, when Amtrak's Sunset Limited was derailed by saboteurs near Palo Verde, Arizona on Southern Pacific Railroad tracks. The two locomotives and eight of the twelve cars derailed, four of them falling 30 feet (9 m) off a trestle bridge into a dry river bed.[1] Mitchell Bates, a sleeping car attendant, was killed. Seventy-eight people were injured, 12 of them seriously.
Incident [ edit ]
The site of the derailment in 2013. The large gouge in the embankment was created by the impact of the train.
Four typewritten notes, attacking the ATF and the FBI for the 1993 Waco Siege, criticizing local law enforcement, and signed "Sons of the Gestapo", were found near the scene of the wreck, indicating that the train had been sabotaged. All four notes were similar. Two of the notes were found by Neal Hallford and Craig Lembke, [2] passengers traveling from Oklahoma to San Diego.
It was found that the rails had been shifted out of position to cause the derailment, but only after they had been connected with wires. This kept the track circuit closed, circumventing safety systems designed to warn locomotive engineers of track problems, and suggested that the saboteurs had a working knowledge of railroads. The attack was likened to the 1939 wreck of the City of San Francisco, in which a similar method killed 24 people.[3]
The saboteurs were never identified. The FBI now believes that the "Sons of the Gestapo" terrorist group was fictitious and invented to conceal a plan to wreck and rob a freight train.[citation needed] It is also thought that the sabotage may have been done by a disgruntled rail worker who used the notes to mislead investigators and conceal the real motive.[citation needed]
After 1996, the Sunset Limited was rerouted to south of Phoenix (approaching no closer than Maricopa) due to the desire of Southern Pacific to abandon this stretch of track (leading to and through Phoenix, AZ) for its through trains between southern New Mexico and southern California. The section of track on which the wreck took place is now used as storage track only.
Media coverage [ edit ]
The causes of this wreck have been explored in two major documentaries, Why Trains Crash: Blood on the Tracks, and Derailed: America's Worst Train Wrecks. It has also been featured on the May 10, 1996 episode of Unsolved Mysteries.[4]
Investigation [ edit ]
The case remains unsolved, but on April 10, 2015, the Phoenix office of the FBI announced a reward of $310,000 for information about the derailment leading to the capture of those responsible.[5]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Intel Knight's Landing Processor Die Map
The supercomputing segment is set to get a big boost from new silicon announced today at Intel . That silicon is a new version of Xeon Phi, otherwise known as Knight's Landing. Whatever you want to call it, the pre-production chip is a 72-core coprocessor solution manufactured on a 14nm process with 3D Tri-Gate transistors.These aren't CPUs like the kind you drop into your motherboard. They're coprocessors built around Intel's MIC (Many Integrated Core) architecture that, just like it sounds, combines a whole bunch of cores into a single chip, which itself is part of a larger PCI-E add-in card solution for supercomputing applications.The add-in cards run alongside engines just like NVIDIA's Tesla GPU accelerators and help with advanced number crunching chores. Where the MIC architecture shines is in offering a high degree of parallelism in a relatively power efficient package. That makes Knight's Landing suitable for a wide range of supercomputing tasks, like climate change simulations, genetic analysis, investment portfolio risk management, searching for new energy sources, and the list goes on.Knight's Landing succeeds the current version of Xeon Phi , codenamed Knight's Corner, which has up to 61 cores. The new Knight's Landing chip ups the ante with double-precision performance exceeding 3 teraflops and over 8 teraflops of single-precision performance. It also has 16GB of on-package MCDRAM memory, which Intel says is five times more power efficient as GDDR5 and three times as dense.The new chip is part of Intel's efforts to beef up its Scalable System Framework (SFF) for the high performance computing (HPC) segment."We're entering a new era in which supercomputing is being transformed from a tool for a specific problem to a general tool for many," said Charlie Wuischpard, vice president and general manager of HPC Platform Group at Intel. "System-level innovations in processing, memory, software and fabric technologies are enabling system capabilities to be designed and optimized for different usages, from traditional HPC to the emerging world of big data analytics and everything in between. We believe the Intel Scalable System Framework is the path forward for designing and delivering the next generation of systems for the 'HPC everywhere' era."Pre-production Knight's Landing coprocessors are already being used in several supercomputing class systems. Final versions will be in use by next year.
To get a feel for the long era of segregation in Baltimore – the time when Druid Hill Park had a “white pool” and “colored pool” – there's no need to be limited to the history books.
Just go to an out-of-the-way spot in the park near the backside of the Maryland Zoo where “Pool #2” (the official name of the swimming pool for African-Americans) is still there.
The pool is filled nearly to the top with dirt. But pool ladders still poke up from the grass. The lifeguard stand and part of the diving board are still there. Turquoise blue mosaic tile rims the pool edge.
Built in 1921 and phased out after the courts forced city pools open to all races in 1956, Pool #2 became a 1999 installation by the artist Joyce Scott.
Today the partially-buried pool peeks up, eerie and evocative, to offer an even deeper dive into its enduring relevance in a special exhibit, “Everyday Utopias,” featuring the works of 10 contemporary artists.
Confronting a “Sordid History”
“What benign neglect!” the show's curator Sheena M. Morrison remembered thinking, when they were jogging in the park a couple of years ago and first happened upon Pool #2.
Morrison, a master's degree candidate in curatorial practice at Maryland Institute College of Art, became fascinated with the spot and ended up making a project out of it.
In between greeting visitors and wiping pollen off one of the artworks, Morrison said they see “Everyday Utopias” as a way to “get people invested in owning this space.”
“It's all of our history, sordid as it may be. Why not spend time here?” they said. “The idea is, it's giving a nod to the past but we can change how we live in the future just by being here.”
Closing Ceremony this Saturday
Since the show opened on April 15, Morrison has been visiting the exhibit pretty much every day to make needed repairs or fixes and answer visitors' questions.
One of the flags on Tiffany Jones' “I, Colored” blew down, they said. Some of the tiny white “telescopes” on Sutton Demlong's “Myopia (or Moral High Ground)” were disturbed.
“It could have been people,” they said. “But we're also thinking it might have been deer.”
The sound of burbling water, from Andrew Keiper's sound installation “Summer Sonar,” was the backdrop for Morrison's impromptu tour for two visitors.
“Desegregation filled this pool, but it did not bury white supremacy,” Keiper wrote in the printed guide for the show.
“When we walk across the grassy lawn of Pool #2, let us take care to heed what currents flowed below our feet, and still do, warm and cool, refreshing or perilous.”
On Saturday (May 6), from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m., a closing ceremony is planned at the pool with an artists' talk, a performance by Fluid Movement and a screening of “Shorts,” a film by Billy Colbert.
Also showing will be photographs from this early incarnation of the pool by I. Henry Phillips Sr., narrated by their son Irv Phillips Jr.
Morrison said participants will have a unique opportunity to learn some of the history of Pool #2 – and the nearby tennis courts, also historically segregated – from experts as well as people who recall using the facilities in those days.
“The old timers from the tennis courts will be there,” Morrison said.
It was a series of drownings of African-American children in local waterways in the summer of 1953, according to coverage by The Afro, that drove the campaign against city pool policy.
Pool #2 was the only city pool open to blacks – the rest were whites-only, including Pool #1, the facility in use today at 800 Wyman Park Drive.
The accidental drowning of 13-year-old Thomas Cummings in the Patapsco River was the tipping point for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), which pressed the Park Board to desegregate and eventually filed a lawsuit against the city.
The battle went up to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. The NAACP prevailed and, in 1956, the city opened up municipal pools regardless of race.
Morrison said one of the pieces in the show, by Lauren R. Lyde, refers to what happened next, after both pools were opened: “None of the whites came over here to this pool.”
“And none of the blacks went to the other side of the park to the white pool,” they said.
“Legend has it that just one white boy came to Pool #2,” Morrison said, carefully rubbing the yellow pollen film off of Lyde's “The Integrationist.”
Here, from the exhibit notes, is part of what Lyde wrote about them piece:
“Desegregation is not the same as Integration. Desegregation gave black people the choice as to whether they want to live, work, and play separately or integrate. Integration gave white and black people alike an opportunity to integrate their neighborhoods and schools and businesses of their own free will.
“‘The Integrationist' wrestles with the idea of civic responsibility and the decision for a member of any group to cross arbitrary social divisions of race, class and gender.”
Pet stores in Naperville and Bolingbrook are asking for the public's help in finding two dogs, one stolen from each of the stores Friday, and the woman who was caught on video and may have stolen both of them.
The woman walked into the Petland on Ill. Hwy. 59 in Naperville asking to look at the pets, and then left after putting the dog under their shirt, bringing the dog with them Video captured them stealing the dog.
Casper, a two-pound, nine-week-old Havanese, is worth about $2,000, but store owner Adam Stachowiak says they are more worried about the puppy than their profits. They said losing Casper has been emotional for everyone on their staff.
Earlier, the owner of the Petland store in Bolingbrook believes the same woman came into their store and stole a 14-week-old Maltese named Hercules. That puppy is worth about $1,300.
The dogs look alike, and the store owners say the description of each thief is too similar for it to be a coincidence. In video from both stores, the woman is wearing what appears to be a distinctive black-and-white striped scarf.
Police are investigating to determine if these thefts are related.
Both puppies are protected with HelpmefindMYPET.com, a national microchip registry and alert service for lost and stolen pets. Anyone with information should contact police or helpmefindMYPET at (866) 699-3463.
For more information, check the PetKey pages about the two dogs:
http://petkey.org//pet-recovery/lostpetposteronline.aspx?lpid=16244
http://petkey.org//pet-recovery/lostpetposteronline.aspx?lpid=16247
chicagobreaking@tribune.com | Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking
(Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc's (GS.N) profit plunged 38 percent, its second straight quarterly drop, depressed by a steep decline in bond trading revenue triggered by concern about global growth.
With the exception of investment banking, which benefited from a surge in takeovers, revenue fell in all of the bank's major businesses, from investment management to bond, currency and commodities trading.The results are the latest example of how a grim trading environment, exacerbated in the most recent quarter by worries about the global impact of a Chinese economic slowdown, is gutting Wall Street.
“We experienced lower levels of activity and declining asset prices during the quarter, reflecting renewed concerns about global economic growth,” Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein said in a statement on Thursday.
Goldman said revenue from fixed-income, currency and commodity (FICC) trading, fell 33 percent to $1.46 billion, the biggest year-over-year drop since the third quarter of 2013, when it was squeezed by concern about tighter monetary policy.
JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Bank of America Corp (BAC.N) and Citigroup Inc (C.N) also have reported falling revenue from bond trading, but as deposit-taking banks they are less dependent on such income than Goldman.
Both JPMorgan and Bank of America reported 11 percent declines in FICC revenue, while Citi's revenue from the business fell about 16 percent. Arch-rival Morgan Stanley (MS.N) will report results on Monday.
“Investors sit it out in such a market. They don't trade,” said Erik Oja, an analyst at S&P Capital IQ. “Unless such a market rout happens again, I would expect fourth-quarter trading revenues at the banks to improve compared to third-quarter.”
However, JPMorgan CFO Marianne Lake offered little hope for a quick rebound, saying earlier this week that analyst estimates for the current quarter appeared to be too high in light of slow market trading in the first two weeks of October.
Goldman's shares reversed losses in late day trading and gained 3 percent as the broader market rallied.
The bank said its net income applicable to common shareholders fell 38 percent - to $1.33 billion, or $2.90 per share, from $2.14 billion, or $4.57 per share, a year earlier.
Analysts had expected earnings of $2.91 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Net revenue fell 18.2 percent to $6.86 billion, far short of the average estimate of $7.12 billion.
Return on equity fell to 7 percent from 11.8 percent in the same quarter last year - far short of the 30 percent range the bank achieved before the financial crisis.
Many investors argue that banks need at least a 10 percent ROE to cover their cost of capital.
Goldman made no mention of Blankfein's cancer in its results statement or on a later conference call. The long-time CEO said last month they had a “highly curable” form of lymphoma and would be able to work mostly as normal during treatment.
BRIGHT SPOT
Goldman has stressed the bank's commitment to trading, even as other banks have pulled back or exited the business to focus on less-volatile activities that require less capital. New rules aimed at improving banking stability also discourage banks from trading off their own balance sheets.
FICC contributed just 21.3 percent to revenue in the latest quarter, compared with about 40 percent at its peak.
One bright spot was investment banking, where debt underwriting and M&A advisory stood out. Revenue in the unit rose 6.3 percent to $1.56 billion.
The bank led U.S. target M&A advisory work this year with$522.2 billion in deals as of Sept. 18, according to Thomson Reuters data. JP Morgan was second with $460.4 billion.
Revenue from equities trading rose 9 percent to $1.75 billion, matching the performance of JPMorgan, but lagging gains at Citi and Bank of America.
Goldman's equity underwriting revenue more than halved to $190 million, registering its weakest quarter in three years as many firms delayed going public .
U.S. IPO activity this year was down 42 percent as of Oct. 9, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Goldman is ramping up its investment management division, with the hopes of offsetting volatility in its trading arm. The bank grew its total assets slightly to $1.19 trillion, acquired impact investing firm Imprint Capital and launched new products during the quarter including its first-ever exchange traded funds.
Investment management accounted for 21 percent of the company's revenue during the quarter, up from 17 percent in the year-ago period. Still revenue from the business was down 3 percent at $1.42 billion.
A Goldman Sachs sign is seen above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly after the opening bell in the Manhattan borough of New York January 24, 2014. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Revenue from Goldman's investing and lending division fell 60 percent from the same quarter a year ago, as the weak stock market took a toll on the bank's equity investments.
The bank spent 16 percent less on employee compensation in the quarter.
Up to Thursday's close of $184.96, Goldman's shares had fallen 4.6 percent since the start of the year, underperforming the S&P 500 index .SPX, which lost 1.7 percent.
Another guest post from Mark Cochrane
In a recent paper in Nature Communications, Jolly et al (2015) report on “Climate-induced variations in global wildfire danger from 1979-2013”.
Climate strongly influences global wildfire activity, and recent wildfire surges may signal fire weather-induced pyrogeographic shifts. Here we use three daily global climate data sets and three fire danger indices to develop a simple annual metric of fire weather season length, and map spatio-temporal trends from 1979 to 2013. We show that fire weather seasons have lengthened across 29.6 million km2 (25.3%) of the Earth's vegetated surface, resulting in an 18.7% increase in global mean fire weather season length. We also show a doubling (108.1% increase) of global burnable area affected by long fire weather seasons (>1.0 σ above the historical mean) and an increased global frequency of long fire weather seasons across 62.4 million km2 (53.4%) during the second half of the study period. If these fire weather changes are coupled with ignition sources and available fuel, they could markedly impact global ecosystems, societies, economies and climate. (full paper)
If you prefer lighter reading, here is an article reporting on the work
Wildfires Are Happening More Often and in More Places Average fire season length has increased by nearly a fifth in the last 35 years, and the area impacted has doubled What this paper basically shows is that conditions are getting drier for longer periods of time in regions that currently have burnable vegetation. This doesn't necessarily mean that we will have more wildfires but it certainly sets the seen for worse ones. Some places are getting better conditions but many more are getting worse conditions for possible wildfires. If the climate were stable you would expect there to be a rough balance between the area of places getting milder and those getting more toasty. This is definitely not the case (Figure a – below). On top of this, the frequency with which very long fire seasons (basically extended severe dry periods) are occurring across the Earth is increasing, more than doubling in the last 35 years (Figure b – below). Any place that is red on either map is at risk for more extensive or severe wildfires. Being red on both maps is not a recipe for ecological happiness… Full disclosure, this is actually my own research , I'm the second author. The work was funded by NASA as part of one of my research grants. It may not look like much but it represents four years of work crunching lots of numbers into usable form that could then be analyzed and interpreted. Science in action (sometimes feels like inaction). Mark
Ministers concerned about the growing scale of cheating at university have announced a crackdown on so-called “essay mill” websites that provide written-to-order papers for students to submit as part of their degrees.
Jo Johnson, the universities minister, has asked student bodies and institutions for guidance to help combat “contract plagiarism”, where tens of thousands of students are believed to be buying essays for hundreds of pounds a time.
A report by the independent university regulator last summer found that essay writing websites often advertise their services to students for a fee and many promote “plagiarism-free guarantees” or essays tested against plagiarism detection software.
According to the Quality Assurance Agency (QAA), there are now more than 100 essay mill websites in operation. The amount they charge is dependent on the complexity of the essay and tightness of deadline, ranging from several hundred pounds for a single essay to £6,750 for a PhD dissertation.
'It's not a victimless crime' – the murky business of buying academic essays Read more
In Britain it is left to individual institutions to develop their own plagiarism policies. But in its research, the QAA recommended new laws to make it illegal to help students “commit acts of academic dishonesty for financial gain”, punishable with fines of up to £5,000. It suggested the UK look to New Zealand, where essay mills have been fined and their assets have been frozen.
The Guardian was on Monday able to access several websites that offered essays on most if not all degree subjects. Most sites required a name, email address and debit card details to purchase an essay, with no restriction on the area of study being requested.
On one site, buyessay.co.uk, students were required to enter the requested attainment level for the essay, the desired length and deadline as well as a description of the assignment. Most sites also asked the desired format of the essay, including line spaces and footnote style. The prices quoted to the Guardian varied from £36 for a two-page essay to £154 for 1,500 words.
The buyessay.co.uk site also carried a message saying use of the essay writing service did not constitute cheating.
The new guidance, expected to be available for the beginning of the 2017-18 teaching year, is to include tough penalties for those who use the websites and offer more information on the potential impact on students' future careers.
Calling on universities to do more to crack down on contract plagiarism, Johnson said: “This form of cheating is unacceptable and every university should have strong policies and sanctions in place to detect and deal with it.”
Thomas Lancaster, an associate dean at Staffordshire University and one of the UK's leading experts on essay cheating, said that while universities had anti-plagiarism software to detect copying of academic texts, they could not prevent the process of contract cheating, where students employ ghostwriters to complete new assignments.
“We think this is a substantial problem affecting universities, that students can go and pay other people to do their assignments for them,” they said.
Working in collaboration with Prof Robert Clarke of Birmingham City University, Lancaster identified at least 30,000 examples of students purchasing essays online.
“We've been looking at sites where students publicly post their request, but a lot of sites are hidden so that number is just a tiny proportion of all the work,” they said. “We're confident there are tens of millions of pounds of business going through essay mills sites every year. It's big business.
“Advertising appears around university campuses, we observed people giving out business cards in car parks, people putting up flyers on lampposts, even sometimes getting their adverts into secure parts of university buildings.”
The sites are based all over the world, Lancaster said, and quite often the same company operates under a number of domains. “We can put legislation in place to prevent sites from operating from within the UK but they could just move overseas,” they said, adding that the focus could be placed on tackling UK-based advertising of the services on campuses, search engines and social media.
The QAA has been tasked with taking action against the online advertising of the services and to work with international agencies to tackle the problem.
Meanwhile, an amendment has been proposed by Lord Storey, co-chair of the committee on education, families and young people, to the higher education and research bill that would make it an offence to provide or advertise cheating services.
“It's not illegal for sites to offer to write model essays, it's not illegal for somebody to buy an essay, but of course if they buy an essay, hand it in, and get a degree they don't deserve and use that degree to get a job, then there is some kind of fraudulent transaction going on there,” Lancaster said. “I do think universities should do more to tackle essay mills and work with students but universities also need support from the government and a legal framework, it's a two-way street.”
The government's move also comes a month after researchers at Swansea University recommended the state bring in tougher new regulations to impose fines on essay mills after concluding the 2006 Fraud Act was unlikely to be effective in tackling the issue, largely due to disclaimers and caveats used by the companies.
“We would hope that a legal approach would at least act as a deterrent to would-be users of these services and serve as a lever to change behaviour,” Michael Draper and Philip Newton, co-authors of the report, wrote in a blogpost.
“However, legal changes alone are not the answer to this problem. We need to ensure that assessments are rigorous and less open to completion by a third party ... we need to make sure it is preferable for students to ‘do the right thing'.”
Ian Kimber, QAA's director of universities, quality enhancement and standards, said: “Essay mills are a major challenge for universities and colleges because, unlike other forms of cheating, the practice is notoriously difficult to detect.”
Dame Julia Goodfellow, president of Universities UK, emphasised that submitting work written by someone else constituted cheating, and said they would continue to work with QAA and the National Union of Students to update sector guidance in the area.
“Universities have severe penalties for students found to be submitting work that is not their own,” Goodfellow added. “Such academic misconduct is a breach of an institution's disciplinary regulations and can result in students, in serious cases, being expelled from the university.”
Hockey fans are always talking about how tough their NHL heroes are but during Friday's playoff game between Montreal Canadiens and Ottawa Senators, Carey Price illustrated that beautifully.
During a play in the first period, their own teammate Jarred Tinordi went flying across the crease and their skate clipped Price's helmeted head. After the play was blown dead, Price calmly skated to their bench and handed something to a blue-gloved guy.
Jobs I didn't know existed: Carey Price's tooth holder. — Steve Faguy (@fagstein) May 4, 2013
Let Hockey Night in Canada explain it.
https://twitter.com/EmmMacfarlane/status/330476283479879680
https://twitter.com/Proteautype/status/330476799840645120
https://twitter.com/ArponBasu/status/330476748309405697
Maybe Price can talk to Senators coach Paul MacLean about borrowing a big, fat walrus tooth?
Prust just became my lifetime quote hero. "We don't care what that bug-eyed fat walrus had to say." So much for taking it one day at a time. — Jack Todd (@jacktodd46) May 3, 2013
Incredibly, here is what happened to Senators Craig Anderson Thursday night. This series is taking a toll!
Related Articles
Researchers from the Allen Institute for Brain Science have published the Allen Mouse Brain Connectivity Atlas, the first comprehensive, large-scale data set on how the brain of a mammal is wired, described in their paper in Nature.
The mouse brain's 75 million neurons are arranged in a structure roughly similar to the human brain's approximately 100 billion neurons, so they provide a powerful model system for understanding how nerve cells of the human brain connect, process. and encode information, say Allen Institute researchers.
(The only species for which we have a complete wiring diagram is the simple microscopic worm C. elegans — a far simpler system, with only 302 neurons.)
Scientists at the Allen Institute set out to create a wiring diagram of the brain—also known as a “connectome” — to illustrate short and long-range connections, using genetically engineered viruses to trace and illuminate individual neurons. To get a truly comprehensive view, scientists collected imaging data at resolutions smaller than a micron (millionth of a meter) from more than 1,700 mouse brains, each of which was divided into 140 serial sections.
“The data for the Allen Mouse Brain Connectivity Atlas was collected in a way that's never been done before,” says Zeng. “Standardizing the data generation process allowed us to create a 3D common reference space, meaning we could put the data from all of our thousands of experiments next to each other and compare them all in a highly quantitative way at the same time.”
The Allen Mouse Brain Connectivity Atlas contains more than 1.8 petabytes of data—the equivalent of 23.9 years of continuous HD video — all of which is freely available online to the entire community. Like all of the Allen Brain Atlas resources, the data and the tools to browse and analyze them are freely available to the public at www.brain-map.org.
The Global Power of the Atlas
This movie displays 21 mapping experiments from the Allen Mouse Brain Connectivity Atlas: a tool to investigate how different regions of the brain are connected. The density of axons at each voxel (dot) are displayed as overlapping circles color-coded by the area of the brain from which the axons are projecting. This animation shows how projections from different regions of the cortex divide the thalamus and striatum into distinct domains. — Allen Institute
By analyzing the data, Zeng and their team were able to discover several interesting properties of the mouse brain's connectome. For example, there are extensive connections across the two hemispheres with mirror-image symmetry. Pathways belonging to different functional circuits in the brain can be identified and their relationships and intersections visualized in 3D.
And there is a great degree of variation in the strengths of all the connections, ranging beyond five orders of magnitude (a 10,000 to one ratio) and an intriguing balance between a small number of strong connections and a large number of weak connections.
“The purpose of the Atlas is to create a new way to map the brain's vast connections systematically and rapidly, and to develop a platform to present the data to users and help them navigate in the friendliest possible way,” explains Zeng. “But the kind of analysis we have done so far is just the beginning of the deep analysis of the wiring patterns of different brain circuits made possible by this unique collection of data.”
The Future of the Connectivity Atlas
Maintaining the Allen Mouse Brain Connectivity Atlas is a continuous effort. After the completion of the Atlas as originally scoped in March 2014, scientists will continue to update the Atlas with profiles of more individual nerve cell types as they become available. Researchers at the Allen Institute will also focus on studying the connections between different types of neurons in the same or neighboring regions — the city roads and local streets that, together with the interstates, form the hierarchical neural networks.
“Previously, the scientific community had to rely on incomplete, fragmented data sets, like small pieces of a map but at different scales and resolutions, so it was impossible to see the bigger picture,” explains Ed Callaway, Professor in the Systems Neurobiology Laboratories at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies. “Now, we have instant access to complete and consistent data across the entire brain, and the suite of web-based analytic and display tools make it easy to find what you need and to see it in 3D.
Access Denied: A National Snapshot of States' Failure to Protect Children's Right to Counsel
Access Denied: A National Snapshot of States' Failure to Protect Children's Right to Counsel (the Snapshot) reveals that nearly every state falls short of its constitutional obligation to provide effective lawyers for youth.
Based on statutory analysis and interviews with juvenile defenders in every state , the Snapshot exposes gaps in procedural protections for children — gaps that perpetuate the over-criminalization of youth, racial and economic disparities, and the fracturing of families and communities.
The Snapshot explores five fundamental barriers to access to counsel for children: Eligibility procedures that prevent appointment of a publicly funded attorney; fees charged to children for what should be a free public defender; appointment that happens too late in the process for children to receive strong representation; permissive waiver of counsel; and the stripping of young people's right to an attorney after sentencing.
Released on the 50th anniversary of the landmark Supreme Court decision In re Gault, the Snapshot proposes achievable solutions to ensure access to justice for young people.
Access Denied Key Findings:
Children in the United States Are Not Guaranteed Lawyers: Only 11 states provide every child accused of an offense with a lawyer, regardless of financial status. Children Do Not Get Attorneys Until It Is Too Late: No state guarantees lawyers for every child during interrogation, and only one state requires it under limited circumstances. Children Must Pay for Their Constitutional Right to Counsel: Thirty-six states allow children to be charged fees for a “free” lawyer. Children's Rights Are Not Safeguarded by the States: Forty-three states allow children to waive their right to a lawyer without first consulting with a lawyer. Children's Access to Counsel Ends Too Early: Only 11 states provide for meaningful access to a lawyer after sentencing, while every state keeps children under its authority during this time.
Resources
Graphics
News Coverage
Op-Eds
Over the years, I've purchased something around fifteen Macs for myself, my family, and my previous and current startup team. There is always one little thing that I do immediately after unboxing.
Taking a screenshot on a Mac is effortless. Since my cofounder and I are actively building product for our newest startup Whttl right now, it means that I take at least five to ten every day. Holding down Command+Shift+3 captures the entire screen, and Command+Shift+4 captures a highlighted area. By holding down Command+Shift+4, and then hitting the space bar, you'll even capture a screenshot of a specific window or menu. Here's the problem, though. By default, macOS stores these on your Desktop, which clutters up and slows down your computer. Every so often, you have to go to your Finder and manually migrate all of the images from your Desktop into a folder of your choosing. This is a pain.
I recommend changing the settings so that all of your screenshots are saved to their own folder. Here's how you do it.
1. Create a new folder in “Documents” called “Screenshots”.
2. Open the Terminal app by searching on Spotlight.
3. Enter the following prompt, exactly as it looks:
defaults write com.apple.screencapture location ~/Documents/Screenshots
4. Hit Enter. It should look like this:
4. Enter the following, exactly as it looks, to reload your new settings.
killall SystemUIServer
5. Hit Enter. If this screen shows up, you're all set! If it doesn't, you computer may self destruct in 10 seconds. (Just kidding.)
Got another hack? Tell us all on Twitter. (You can edit before tweeting.) And if you love startups like Lyft, Instacart, RelayRides, and Munchery, checkout Whttl.
If you found value in this, it would be tremendous if you scrolled down a little further and hit the “Recommend” button.
Greg Muender is the founder of Whttl, described as the “Kayak.com for startups.” Use it to find the sweet startups that have launched in your ZIP code and thus, #winatlife. Drop Greg a line via greg<at>whttl/dot/com or check them out on Twitter.
The key issue for Lewandowsky et al 2012 is its use of fake data, a problem squarely addressed by Tom Curtis of Skeptical Science and discussed at CA here.
I raised this issue in a comment at Lewandowsky's blog here as follows:
Rather than answer the question, Lewandowsky, the author of a paper entitled “NASA faked the moon landing|Therefore (Climate) Science is a Hoax: An Anatomy of the Motivated Rejection of Science”, deleted the question:
The invoked policy of the blog states:
No profanity or inflammatory tone. Again, constructive discussion is difficult when overheated rhetoric or profanity is flying around
My comment did not contain “profanity or inflammatory tone”. It was a direct question about Lewandowsky's use of fake data.
They should answer the question, not avoid.
UPDATE: I followed up as follows:
Comment didnt last long.
An Republican lawmaker in Oklahoma on Tuesday appeared to call for Hillary Clinton's assassination in a Facebook post, a remark they later brushed off as just sarcasm.
The Oklahoman reported that State Rep. John Bennett (R) wrote “2 words … firing squad” in the post, which linked to a conservative blog criticizing Clinton for the deaths of four Americans in the 2012 Benghazi attacks.
The paper reported that Bennett sent them a text message saying the post was meant to be sarcastic, but also that Clinton “has committed nothing less than treason by leaving fellow Americans to die in Benghazi.”
“If anyone else had done that they would be charged with treason and thrown under the jail at a minimum, and a firing squad likely,” they wrote to the Oklahoman.
In another text message to the paper, Bennett wrote that they “wouldn't wish death on anyone. It just frustrates me to no end that these folks were abandoned in Benghazi.”
Bennett, who is seeking re-election, presided over a state House interim study on radical Islam last week where speakers branded both the director of the local Council on American-Islamic Relations chapter and a local imam as terrorists.
January: USAF F-22 Raptor grounded due to suspected toxins
The US Air Force's entire fleet of F-22 Raptor aircraft was grounded in 2011 due to suspected toxins in the cockpit, a report compiled by Pentagon chief operational tester Michael Gilmore revealed.
The report cited "suspected contamination problems associated with the aircraft environmental control system and associated onboard oxygen generation system (OBOGS)" as the reason for the grounding, triggered by a crash in January 2011 that barred the aircraft from flying higher than 25,000ft.
The US Air Force's other fifth-generation aircraft, the F-35, edged closer to operational fielding with the successful completion of its first night flight after taking off from Edwards Air Force Base in California, US.
February: Japan may halt F-35 purchase over price rise
A quiet month for air force news was capped by the revelation that Japan may be forced to halt purchases of the F-35 fighter if the US raised its price tag.
In a letter addressed to the Pentagon, Japanese Defence Ministry bureau of finance and equipment chief Hideshi Tokuchi said: "I do hope that you share the view that a price increase is not an option for us."
Japan had originally planned to procure four F-35 jets in April 2012, with each aircraft set to cost between $111.1m and £123.6m.
However the US defense budget for 2013 placed the price of the aircraft for the US military at approximately $153m.
March: Lockheed tests USAF Space Fence radar prototype
A lack of federal funding forced the Pentagon to mothball a laser-equipped missile defence aircraft at Arizona Air Force Base, but the US Missile Defense Agency confirmed that research into anti-missile lasers would continue.
MDA spokesperson Debra Christman told the Los Angeles Times: "We didn't have the funding to continue flying the aircraft."
Elsewhere, the USAF confirmed that a prototype Space Fence, designed to track orbiting satellites using ground-based radars, had entered testing.
The Lockheed Martin-developed system has been tasked to track orbiting satellites and debris, with the information used to protect US interests in geostationary orbit.
April: USAF fails to determine cause of F-22 Raptor pilot episodes
The USAF's Scientific Advisory Board failed to determine the cause of physiological events experienced by pilots flying F-22 Raptor aircraft that prevented the aircraft from flying above 25,000ft.
Pilots reported hypoxia-like symptoms while flying the aircraft, but a seven-month study of the F-22's onboard oxygen generation symptoms did not yield any significant reason why, with ten of 14 incidents remaining unexplained.
In other news, the UK Royal Air Force's first F-35 completed its inaugural flight from Lockheed Martin's Fort Worth facility, marking progress towards a series of checkout flights prior to being accepted by the UK MoD.
May: US military aircraft feature counterfeit Chinese parts
Counterfeit Chinese electronic parts were revealed to have been used in the construction of US military equipment, a Senate Armed Services Committee report revealed.
An investigation uncovered 1,800 instances of aircraft using counterfeit parts, with Chinese suppliers responsible for more than 70% of an estimated one million suspected components.
In other news, the UK coalition government completed a sensational U-turn, reverting to the F-35 variant originally chosen by the Labour Party.
Prime Minister David Cameron had intended to switch from the F-35B to F-35C to be used aboard the nation's aircraft carriers, but spiraling costs and delays forced the decision to be reverted. The U-turn is estimated to have cost the UK £100m.
June: Turkish F-4 fighter shot down by Syria, PM confirms
Turkey Prime Minister Reccep Tayyip Frdogan confirmed that a Turkish Air Force F-4 Phantom II fighter had been shot down by Syrian security forces, sparking tensions as the conflict in Syria continued to escalate.
Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu claimed the fighter was flying inside international airspace at the time of the shooting, a claim rebuked by Syria.
Elsewhere, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev confirmed that the country's plans to develop a fifth-generation strategic bomber would move ahead, citing the need for an upgrade to Russia's strategic bomber fleet.
The development of such an aircraft had been placed in doubt by some who questioned the need for it with the availability of modern air defence systems.
July: Syrian city "bombed by fighter jets"
The Syrian civil war escalated further, as reports suggested that the nation's second city of Aleppo was bombed by fighter jets, with President Bashar al-Assad attempting to quell the rebel uprising.
The attack marked the first time such aircraft were used during the conflict, with the BBC reporting that Russian-built MiG-23 aircraft were responsible for the attack.
The attack came just weeks after Russia confirmed it would renege on a deal under which Syria were to receive 40 Russia-built Yak-130 fighter jets.
Russian news agency RIA quoted deputy director of the Russian service for military co-operation Vyacheslav Dzirkaln as saying "while the situation in Syria is unstable, there will be no new deliveries of arms there."
August: Iran to withdraw $4bn claim if Russia honours S-300 contract
Having issued a $4bn lawsuit to Russia, Iranian ambassador to Russia Mahmoud-Reza Sajjadi announced that the country would withdraw it should Russia honour its original S-300 SAM system delivery contract, signed in 2007.
Russia was forced to cancel the lucrative deal after it was found to breach a UN Security Council arms embargo forced on Iran in June 2010, despite Iranian claims to the contrary.
In other news, the USAF's test of the Boeing-built X-51A Waverider aircraft ended in failure, raising further questions about the future of the programme.
Despite hoping to reach hypersonic speeds, the USAF has just one hypersonic test aircraft remaining and doubts have been expressed regarding the feasibility of the technology.
September: Sukhoi conducts Su-30SM jet's maiden test flight
A quiet month allowed Sukhoi to steal the headlines, as it revealed the successful test flight of its Su-30SM fighter jet, developed for the Russian Air Force.
The test flight lasted for two hours and the super-manoeuvrable, thrust-vectoring aircraft was said to have performed flawlessly.
A total of 30 fighters have been ordered by the Russian Defence Ministry in a $3.3bn deal signed in March 2012.
October: Lockheed to upgrade Taiwan's F-16 fighter jets
In something of a surprise move, the US Government tasked Lockheed Martin with upgrading 145 F-16 fighter jets that belong to the Republic of China Air Force.
The $1.85bn contract will see Lockheed install AESA radars while also upgrading the aircraft's electronic warfare and avionics systems.
The USAF also moved to confirm that it would press ahead with the X-51A Waverider programme, with Air Force Research Laboratory programme manager Charlie Brink informing Reuters that the launch of the final X-51A test vehicle would go ahead in spring or early summer 2013, after modifications had been made.
November: Israeli MoD test fires upgraded Iron Dome system
Israel test-fired an upgraded version of its Iron Dome anti-rocket defence system, just days before an escalation in the nation's conflict with Gaza that left the region teetering on the brink of war.
The upgrade, designed to boost the system's performance, saw deployed Iron Dome batteries achieve success rates of 90-100% in combating rockets fired from Gaza during the escalation.
In other news, Russia announced a deal under which China will receive 24 Su-35 fighters for its People's Liberation Army Air Force, with a $1.5bn contract expected to be signed in 2013 or 2014.
The announcement renewed a deal that had previously seemed dead, with Russia accusing China or reverse engineering during the development of its J-11B aircraft.
December: North Korea launches long-range missile
Despite warnings that any such launch would increase tensions within the region, North Korea pressed ahead and successfully launched its three-stage Kwangmyongsong-3 rocket, with opposition governments claiming it to be a test of long-range missile technology.
Debris from the launch fell into the Yellow Sea and Philippine Sea, with South Korean forces managing to salvage some of the debris for testing.
Japan had pledged to shoot down the rocket should it threaten the nation's security, a threat echoed by South Korea.
The first thing they showed them was a large, stuffed fruit fly. This impressed them. Then they flashed test tubes full of living flies. Fascination ensued, for they were obviously no ordinary person but rather someone with a deep grasp of what was important in life: stuffed animals and bugs.
Later, they told them they were a microbiologist who studied the germs living in the flies' stomachs. That was when the questions started.
“Where did you grow up?”
“Why do moths eat clothes?”
“Do aliens really exist?”
The teacher of these kindergarteners says they have never seen them as engaged as this, when they got to Skype a scientist.
Them kindergarten class is in Venice, Florida, and the scientist was Nichole Broderick, an assistant professor of molecular and cell biology, who was Skyping from their UConn Storrs office 1,300 miles away. Broderick is one of 497 scientists who talked with schoolchildren last semester through a project called Skype a Scientist, started by a third-year graduate student at UConn named Sarah McAnulty.
Aliens loom large in kindergarteners' minds, and Broderick was pleased to use the alien question to introduce the kids to invasive species, which, they explained, are just like aliens but from other ecosystems instead of other planets.
In other classes in other places, other scientists discussed the social lives of ants with middle schoolers; introduced fourth graders to the extreme environment of a Yellowstone geyser; and talked with high schoolers about the environmental consequences of war. The researchers hailed from all over this country, and the classrooms from as far away as Kyrgyzstan. But in every case they had been introduced by McAnulty.
Black Ink and Blue Blood
McAnulty spends most of their time studying bobtail squid in associate professor Spencer Nyholm's biology lab. They love science and is, in Nyholm's words, a phenomenal graduate student, a self-starter who raises money and bobtail squid with the same dedication, for the lab depends on a steady stream of both. Late last year, McAnulty began thinking about politics, too. Because politics had begun to impinge on science.
The country was divided like never before in their lifetime. Anti-intellectualism seemed to be on the rise, and even truth itself seemed under attack. Academic research in the U.S. depends on public funding, and public funding depends on the goodwill of the people. And somehow, that goodwill seemed to be eroding.
“As a community, we were realizing that people view scientists as aloof and cold,” says McAnulty, “even suspecting we had ulterior motives for sharing our data!”
They say this with shock, as if comparing scientists exchanging data sets to Big Tobacco manipulating medical trials is unthinkable. And until seven or eight years ago, it was. But something has changed in the public's perception of scientists.
“There's a feeling that for U.S. science to survive, we really need to get people trusting scientists again,” says McAnulty. She's chatting with me near the entrance to their lab in the Biology/Physics Building. Right next door is where they raise the bobtail squid. Bobtail squid are adorable, as cute as an invertebrate can be. Only a few centimeters long, with big eyes and eight short little legs, they can even glow in the dark, thanks to the colonies of bioluminescent bacteria that live symbiotically inside them. Nyholm's lab focuses on the relationship between symbiotic bacteria and their hosts.
McAnulty's part of the research zooms in on the squid's immune system and why it tolerates the glowing bacteria. Bacteria live in our guts, too, although they don't make us glow in the dark. Studying the squid's relationship with their symbionts could tell us more about ours. McAnulty has become an expert at drawing blood from the little mollusks. They say they don't mind it nearly as much as they did when they worked with mice.
“I felt bad doing experiments on mice. Something about their red blood. I don't feel as bad with squid. And they usually come right back,” swimming off into their tank, leaving nothing but a vial of bluish-green blood behind.
Wait – squid have blue blood?
“It's because of the hemocyanin,” they tell me. Like hemoglobin in our red blood cells, hemocyanin uses a metal to bind oxygen. But where we use iron, squid's hemocyanin uses copper. As they explain this, the Pharmacy Building looms behind them Its copper roof has oxidized to a rich bluish green color from exposure to rain and air. A similar chemical reaction accounts for a squid's blue blood.
‘Ask Me Anything'
McAnulty put up a Tumblr page when they joined Nyholm's lab. They post about their research, science books they like, marine biology in general, and loads of cute squid pictures. They also have an “Ask Me Anything” section. Readers ask all kinds of questions, as earnest as “How do you ethically source cuttlebone” or “How do you pick the animal you want to study for the rest of your life?” and as ridiculous as “Do squids pass gas?” Sarah replies to that last with, “Well, yes and no. They do get air trapped in their mantles when they swim over a bubble, but they don't pass gas from their digestive tracts as far as I know!”
They say they enjoy the back-and-forth with readers, and their answers are always informed by their own experience.
McAnulty has spent a lot of time talking to colleagues about the public perception of science. The problem seems clear: How can scientists remake their public image from aloof to approachable? Many scientists aren't all that great at talking about their work with nonscientists. Sometimes it's because they think no one else will be interested in hearing about it. Other times they've been holed up in their lab talking only to colleagues for so long they've forgotten how to communicate with regular folks. Get two researchers from the same sub-field talking to each other excitedly, and even other scientists from another field can quickly lose the thread as the two specialists descend into a rarefied dialect of Deep Geek.
McAnulty, however, likes talking about their research with nonscientists. They also have an intuitive grasp of marketing and outreach. She'd started the Tumblr so they could share their work more broadly, and she'd picked Tumblr because it reaches a younger, more female audience than other social media favored by scientists. Still, they knew that their Tumblr page was preaching to the choir. You don't seek out scientists who study bobtail squid unless you're already interested in squid. Most people are firmly ensconced in their own little bubbles.
Who Has the Most Questions? Kids
But kids are different. Before graduate school, McAnulty spent a year working in a diabetes biology lab in the Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine in Berlin. The university hosts a “Long Night of Science” each summer, when it opens up the labs to the public, and families participate in science activities until late in the evening. The kids were always curious about everything. What if they could talk to school-aged children, children who were probably apolitical and just interested in cool ideas?
One day they were chatting with a bunch of biologists on Twitter when the idea of reaching out to classrooms via Skype came up. “We just decided to do it. What's the worst that could happen? We make some teachers mad at us,” they recall. And so Skype a Scientist was born.
McAnulty began reaching out to teachers through Facebook. Would you like to have your class talk to a scientist? they asked. They aimed especially for teachers in geographic areas that might be pretty remote from real-life scientists, but they replied to any teacher who inquired. It quickly became apparent that making teachers mad was not going to be an issue.
“I can't wait to do it again! I'd recommend it to anyone in the school,” says Cathleen Francis, the kindergarten and first grade teacher in Venice, Florida whose class asked about aliens.
“Skype a Scientist is great for me,” says Trudy Fadden, a middle school science teacher in Vermont. “You have to build a relationship. And you don't want it to be a dog and pony show, you have to make connections between the kids and the science.” That real person helps tremendously, they add, even if they are only on a screen. Fadden had two scientists Skype their class, one from Rutgers University and the other from UConn, a graduate student in the Klassen Lab for molecular and cell biology named Emily Green. They have kept in touch with both researchers and plans to Skype them again next year.
Answering Curiosity in Every Language
Fadden and Francis were early adopters, part of the first wave of teachers who simply answered Facebook inquiries. McAnulty would manually match them with a scientist in the right discipline and time zone. The requests kept coming. And then a teacher mentioned Skype a Scientist publicly at a conference in Texas and the Google sign-up form McAnulty had slapped together “just blew up,” they say.
Overnight, 200 classrooms signed up. Scientists showed equal enthusiasm. One would tell another, who would tell another, and by the end of July, McAnulty had more than 1,740 classrooms signed up and 1,755 scientists, with participants hailing from 17 countries and all 50 states. More press followed, including a feature on NPR's “Science Friday.”
UConn scientists continue to be major players. College of Agriculture, Health, and Natural Resources graduate student Mauri Liberati did a total of nine sessions with one school. Three UConn biology professors – Nichole Broderick, Susan Herrick, and Ken Noll – have participated, signed up for more sessions, and involved more professors for this fall. They all say it's fun, and it's easy. Broderick says they enjoyed their Skype session with the kindergarteners as much as Francis did. “Having to explain concepts to 5- and 6-year-olds really makes you think,” they say.
Can it really be this easy to change the public's perception of science? Other scientists are running for political office, or demonstrating in political rallies like the March for Science last April. McAnulty attended the march. They say they aren't sure how they felt about it going in, but thought it was important to attend.
“Finding truth is impartial, as far as left and right. But as long as the government funds science, and you have a political system opposed to truth, being on the side of truth is a political act,” they explain.
But how does she, or anyone in science, know they really are on the side of “truth”? Science corrects itself and reverses course constantly. Bubbles burst. Paradigms shift. It's an intrinsic part of the scientific endeavor that science is self-correcting. But this also is part of what makes the general populace distrust scientists; one day something is heralded as empirical truth that we should all heed. The next, it's contradicted by a new piece of evidence.
And it's true that even though Skype a Scientist has national reach, one could argue it's not reaching kids who need it most. Just to start, you need to have a science-positive teacher who's comfortable bringing a scientist “into” the classroom. One teacher admitted that their colleagues and school administrators regularly discuss what they would do if a parent questioned what they were teaching. But she's never seen anything from students but love for science. And just because you can't help everybody don't mean you shouldn't try. A Vermont parent put it very bluntly:
“This town is in the thick of the opiate epidemic. Three people died down the street from me this year. We're a very rural school. Kids need to see there's a big bright world out there.” People might distrust scientists as elitist, they continued, but people also want their kids to expand their horizons.
McAnulty gets it. One summer they worked surveying bat populations in Pennsylvania and West Virginia, scoping out the site of a proposed wind farm. They saw the economic challenges in the region. They chatted with some of the locals. They know that any national distrust of scientists is part of a much bigger malaise.
“I don't think this is the problem with the U.S. But this is a problem. I feel equipped, and I'll try to fix it,” they say.
And with a little luck, these Skype sessions will make an impression. And some school kids in West Virginia and Missouri and Florida and Vermont and all the other classrooms will grow up with the knowledge that science is a quest for truth about the natural world. It's done by real people just like them. And because of that, science is imperfect and can always be worked on. If the kids believe it, they'll grow into adults who support it.
Maybe they'll participate in the research enterprise, or use the scientific method in their daily lives. Or maybe they'll just remember that day in fourth grade that they got to ask a real scientist whether squids fart, and that they laughed with them, not at them. And that might be the best outcome of all.
Emby is a way of browsing your own media collection, whether it be movies, tv or music, Emby will allow you to watch or listen to them on your Windows Phone or play them on another compatible Emby client. ****IMPORTANT INFORMATION**** In order to use Emby, you need to have installed the Emby server from http://www.emby.media/download and have it configured. Features: - Browse your own media collection - Stream videos to your phone - Remote control other Emby players (like Emby Classic) - Set your lock screen based on one of your own collections - Pin your favourite collections to the start menu Trial limitations: - Watch one video per day (as many times or as much as you like, but just the one) - Only able to remote control the Web Interface Support: Support can be found on Twitter (@embyapp), facebook (http://facebook.com/embyapp) or email (wpmb3@outlook.com). Reviews: We love the reviews, it helps us to make the app better, however if you have any problems, please contact us prior to negative reviews, we might be able to help.
A recent customer request, a Replica 1989 Batman Utility Belt. This is definitely going to complete any Michael Keaton Batman costumes out there. It was a great success and I am definitely excited with how it turned out.
You'll need to print:
1x Buckle (adapted from: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:642896)
1x Spacer
2 x Belt
You can use the belt portion for whichever side you chose, it is symmetrical around the buckle and the spacer ensures it fits well around the buckle. I know, the belt is not complete (i.e. full circle). However, you'll notice in the STL files that I have added a 5 mm ring slit behind the bullets to accompany a strap to complete the belt. I did this for 2 reasons: (i) it can fit anyone now; and (ii) you wont see the back if you are wearing a cape!
If you plan on wearing this (because, why the heck not), you need to print the belt pieces in a flexible filament. I used flexible PLA as it maintains is structure but is bendable along its top/bottom surface. Great for this type of use.
If you want one for yourself, message us :) we offer affordable 3D printing solutions throughout Canada.
Also, check out our other work at http://r3dprinting.ca
If you make one, please post it under 'Made'
"It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me"
Earlier this month, the Rockingham County Board of Education (North Carolina) debated whether or not they should pray at meetings instead of sticking to a moment of silence.
One board member, Leonard Pryor, was so appalled this would even be considered that they resigned in protest, presumably before any lawsuits came their way:
On Monday night, after plenty of discussion, the board correctly voted 7-3 against the prayers:
“We were elected to serve the students of Rockingham County,” said board member Amanda Bell, who voted against the motion. “We were not elected to serve ourselves.” Chairwoman Nell Rose, Vice Chairman Hal Griffin, as well as board members Wayne Kirkman, Elaine McCollum, Lorie McKinney and Bob Wyatt also voted against it.
Smart move on the board's part — they can focus on doing what's best for the students instead of wasting time appeasing Christians who think all government meetings ought to be like church services.
Meanwhile, Josh Austin, Ron Price and Steve Smith — all of whom voted for the prayer — are out of luck. (I don't know how they're going to function with this notion of silent prayer… If no one knows you're praying, it doesn't really count, does it?)
So far, Pryor hasn't said anything about the vote, but it's very likely thanks to them that the other board members decided to vote the right way. They saved them from losing a lot of money in a potential lawsuit. Forget God — the other board members should publicly thank Pryor for what they did to bring attention to this matter.
(Thanks to Brian for the link)
Same-sex marriage —the term carries a definite weight to it. In one respect, that's a shame, as so much of that weight can be seen as burdening what should be a liberating experience, namely, the expression of love and devotion which we today associate with marriage. On the other hand, it gives a hint at just what a big deal this issue is today.
From the Enlightenment's quest for democratized states to Women's Suffrage Movement and the continuing ripples and Waves of feminism still being felt today to the Civil Rights act in the 1960s, Western society has been tested time and again, generation after generation for the struggle for equal rights.
The LGBT Rights Movement is a further extension of those ideals, and at the forefront today is the issue of same-sex marriage.
There are many who oppose it, and many who are for it, and a considerable amount of time and energy is expended on debate everywhere from churches and college campuses to street corners and the Supreme Court to tackle the question of what love and marriage are and mean in a traditional as well as modern context, and how those ideals mesh with our current system of law.
As the same-sex marriage movement gains momentum, here are six reasons to support it today
Image caption Philippine and Chinese officials are holding talks on the stand-off at the Scarborough Shoal
Joint military exercises between the US and the Philippines are getting under way in the South China Sea, even as Manila remained locked in a stand-off with Beijing over a disputed shoal.
The annual exercises, called Balikatan, are due to run until 27 April.
This year they are taking place off Palawan, near parts of the South China Sea both Manila and Beijing claim.
Meanwhile Philippine and Chinese vessels remain at the Scarborough Shoal, a week after the deadlock began.
The Philippines said its warship found eight Chinese fishing vessels at the shoal - which both sides claim - when it was patrolling the area on 8 April.
When navy personnel boarded the Chinese fishing vessels on Tuesday they found a large amount of illegally-caught fish and coral, it said.
Two Chinese surveillance ships then arrived in the area, preventing the navy from making arrests.
Analysis Incidents in the South China Sea involving fishing boats or energy survey vessels are becoming more frequent, demonstrating the lack of any common rules of the road to resolve competing territorial claims. China insists that its rights in areas like the disputed Spratly Islands are paramount, despite rival claims from the Philippines, Vietnam and other countries too. The government in Manila is taking steps to modernise its small naval and air forces. But it is looking to Washington to help balance China's growing power. Two decades after US forces were evicted from their biggest base in the Pacific, there has been talk of a renewed US military presence. The fact that the joint exercises are being held on the island of Palawan - the closest Philippines territory to the Spratlys - will doubtless irritate China. But the Philippines government must walk a tightrope here - China is its third largest trading partner. It wants to defend its corner but doesn't want to provoke a crisis with Beijing.
Attempts to resolve the stand-off do not as yet appear to have been successful.
The Philippine warship has been replaced by a coast guard vessel and the Chinese fishermen are reported to have gone, but two Chinese vessels remain there and a Chinese aircraft overflew the Philippine ship on Sunday, officials in Manila said.
"The stalemate remains. Both sides are in touch with each other," Philippine foreign ministry spokesperson Raul Hernandez said in a statement on Sunday.
'New context'
The joint exercises are taking place in a different area, to the southwest of the shoal. Some 7,000 troops will be taking part.
A Philippine military spokesperson said that the exercises were unrelated to events at Scarborough Shoal.
The focus of the exercises would be on "improving security, counter-terrorism and humanitarian and disaster response", Major Emmanuel Garcia said.
At the opening ceremony, the Philippines' armed forces chief Jessie Dellosa hailed the joint exercise as ''timely and mutually beneficial''.
"The conduct of this annual event reflects the aspirations to further relations with our strategic ally, a commitment that has to be nurtured especially in the context of the evolving challenges in the region,'' they said.
The exercises take place every year but, reports the BBC's diplomatic correspondent Jonathan Marcus, this year they are different because the context within which they are taking place has changed.
China's maritime power is growing and the Philippines - along with many other small countries in the region - is worried.
It wants to bolster its own defences and underline its growing ties with Washington, our correspondent says, and the US sees these exercises as an opportunity to demonstrate its renewed interest in Pacific security.
Six countries claim competing sovereignty over areas in the South China Sea, which is believed to contain huge deposits of oil and gas.
Along with China and the Philippines, they are Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam and Taiwan.
China's claim includes almost the entire South China Sea, well into what the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea recognises as the 200-mile-from-shore Exclusive Economic Zones of other claimants.
That has led to occasional flare-ups and to competition to occupy islands, reefs and sandbars.
Hershel Greer Stadium, home of the Nashville Sounds, currently is located at 534 Chestnut Street, in Nashville, Tennessee, just two miles south of downtown Nashville.
Greer Stadium was constructed by the City of Nashville in 1978 on land that was once part of Fort Negley, a Civil War fortification once occupied by Union Troops. Fort Negley holds the distinction of being the largest civil war fortification created during the war, but not built near water.
The area around Greer Stadium and Fort Negley, located just southeast of the intersection of I-40 and I-65, is largely industrial. The result being that neighborhood does not offer baseball fans much to do before or after games other than come and go.
Stone columns at the entrance to right field are designed to mimic the stone fence surrounding what is left of Fort Negley.
A plaque at the entrance honors the opening of Greer Stadium in 1978.
The ballpark's overall design is markedly old-school, somewhat reminiscent of Milwaukee's County Stadium.
Much of the ballpark exterior is painted Army grey, perhaps also a nod to the site's former use as a Fort.
Greer Stadium's covered concourse runs behind behind a portion of the first and third base stands.
The extended concourses behind the bleachers located along the first and third base foul lines near left field and right field are uncovered.
The view from home plate looking out toward center field faces southeast. Although the area is largely industrial, the view is almost pastoral, as all that is visible is a line of trees.
The view looking toward right field is downright bucolic, with the hills of Radnor Lake south of Nashville visible in the distance.
Without question, the most distinctive and recognizable part of Greer stadium is the guitar-shaped scoreboard that sits out beyond the left field fence.
The ballpark's seating bowl is composed mainly of plastic blue seats that ring the playing field down the first and third base fould lines.
The visiting team dugout is located along first base.
The Nashville Sounds have been the primary tenant of Greer Stadium throughout its existence. From 1978 through 1984 the Sounds were members of the Double A Southern League. Beginning in 1985, they began play in the Triple-A Pacific Coast League. In 1993 and 1994 Greer Stadium also served as the home field for the Nashville Express of the Double-A Southern League and a Minnesota Twins affiliate.
When Greer Stadium opened in 1978, the Sounds were an affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds. In 1980, the Sounds became an affiliate of the New York Yankees, through the 1984 season.
The Sounds affiliation with MLB continued to change over the years. The Detroit Tigers (1985-1986), the Cincinnati Reds a second time (1987 – 1992), the Chicago White Sox (1993-1997), and the Pittsburgh Pirates (1998-2004) were all at one time affiliated with the Sounds.
Since 2005, the Sounds have been an affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers.
Above the press box, atop Greer Stadium, is the Slugger's Sports Bar and Grill, which provides a fine view of the field and a place to come in from the cold when the game time temperatures dips into the 30's in mid April.
Greer Stadium is nothing if not quirky and, unfortunately, a dying breed in the annals of minor league ballparks.
The seating seems to have been designed and accounted for only after the dimensions of the stadium structure were put into place.
Additions to the ballpark over the years only added to Greer's stadium's funky layout.
But the quirks of Greer Stadium are part of what makes it still a charming place to watch baseball.
For the past several seasons, the Sounds have been lobbying for a new ballpark.
As the debate over if, where, and when to build a new ballpark continued, the condition of Greer Stadium suffered, with little interest from the city in spending money on significant upkeep or improvements.
Greer Stadium's days are now numbered. A new home for the Nashville Sounds is being built three miles north of Greer Stadium, less than a mile north of downtown Nashville.
Alas, 2014 will be the last season as First Tennessee Park is scheduled on Jackson Street, between Fourth and Fifth avenues, is scheduled to open time for the 2015 season.
Home Plate will sit just South of Jackson Street, with the ballpark facing towards downtown Nashville.
A portion of the land where the new ballpark is under construction was once the former site of Sulphur Dell, where baseball was played in Nashville from 1870 until 1963. From 1901 to 1963, Sulphur Dell was the home of the Nashville Vols and famous Vols players such as the eccentric Boots Poffenberger.
Although the city of Nashville is still considering its options for repurposing the land upon which Greer Stadium sits, one thing does seem certain – that the ballpark itself will not remain and in the near future will become just another lost ballpark. When the 2014 season ends, baseball will have been played at Greer Stadium a total of 37 years, one year less than the number seasons that the American League Baltimore Orioles called Memorial Stadium home. Hopefully the City of Nashville will find some way to commemorate the former ballpark site. Perhaps the city should leave intact the guitar-shaped scoreboard since it seems there is little interest in moving the iconic structure to First Tennessee Park. The scoreboard is a part of Nashville history and would provide an excellent marker and reminder for where professional baseball was once played in the city.
(Image: Michael S. Yamashita/Corbis)
It is a cliché to say that East Asians think in terms of the group, while Westerners think in terms of the individual. But there is some truth to it, and part of the explanation may lie in what our ancestors ate. Rice farming seems to have fostered collective thinking while wheat farming favoured individualism.
The popular image of Americans and Europeans as individualist and innovative, versus Asians as collectivist and conforming, is partly true. People from the West and Far East can and do think in both ways, but these peoples' cognitive styles divide broadly along those lines.
Researchers have proposed many possible explanations for these cultural habits, including differences in prosperity and rates of infectious disease.
Advertisement
Thomas Talhelm of the University of Virginia in Charlottesville wondered if a region's long-term way of life is what matters: specifically, whether its people grow rice or wheat. “The rice-growing regions of East Asia are less individualistic than the Western world or northern China, even with their wealth and modernisation,” says Talhelm.
Rice-minded
Talhelm spotted a natural experiment in China. Its heartland south of the Yangtze river depends on rice farming, while the colder, drier country north of the Yangtze has always relied on wheat.
Growing rice is hard work. Many people must work together to maintain communal irrigation canals, and transplanting and harvesting are also labour-intensive. By contrast, while rain-fed wheat produces less food per hectare, it needs less labour. A family can support itself growing wheat, while paddy rice literally takes a village.
It has long been suggested that China's reliance on rice fostered collectivist attitudes, and the Confucian emphasis on group allegiance and conformity. Such attitudes are even cited as explaining why Europe, rather than China, was the home of the industrial revolution: the revolution was based on scientific thinking, which is held to rely on individualism and openness to innovation. But the idea that growing rice promotes a group mentality remained speculation.
Talhelm and their colleagues in China decided to test it. They gave standard tests for cognitive style, individualism, and in-group loyalty to 1162 students in six cities across China, in wheat or rice-growing areas. All were Han Chinese, China's dominant ethnic group, so other differences were hopefully minimal.
Thought styles
Nevertheless, they found many differences in cognitive style. For instance, students from all-wheat areas were 56 per cent more likely to think analytically than students from all-rice areas. For example, when asked to match the two closest of sheep, dog and grass, they grouped sheep and dog, which appear most similar. Students from rice-growing areas grouped sheep and grass, as these have the closest relationship to each other in real life, and to them this relationship mattered more than physical resemblance.
The difference held for students from adjoining wheat and rice-growing counties in the same province along the wheat-rice divide, who were otherwise very similar. “Rice provides economic incentives to cooperate, and over many generations, those cultures become more interdependent,” says Talhelm. They found that when students were asked to draw a diagram of their relationship to others, those from rice-growing communities minimised self but those from wheat-growing communities did not.
Rice-growing areas also have fewer patents, and fewer divorces, than wheat regions, which may reflect lower innovation and higher conformity.
None of the variables tested for tied in with historical rates of infectious disease or differences in prosperity, suggesting those factors were not responsible for differences in thought styles.
The findings may help explain why an incipient industrial revolution in 11th-century China fizzled out, says Joseph Henrich of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada. Invasions by northern horsemen drove the centre of Chinese government south, moving it from wheat to rice culture. Meanwhile, wheat farming was the mainstay of Europe.
Journal reference: Science, DOI: 10.1126/science.1246850
It's important to make clear that this isn't exactly a 1:1 comparison. Apple manufactures both the hardware and software, whereas Android (the software that these other handsets use) is made by Google. Still, the vehement denials these companies are making are telling: LG flat out stated to Phonearena that "We care what our customers think," implying that Apple does not.
Apple has since apologized for the confusion surrounding its performance-battery life decisions. While it's good that Apple wants to extend the life of its handsets (especially as the company has come under fire that it intentionally slows down devices when new models are released), transparency is key here. People should be informed about issues like this, and perhaps it should be up to the user how the balance between battery life and performance is handled on a phone.
Informal idiom marking enthusiastic support
"1000 percent" or "1000%" in a literal sense means to multiply by 10. This article deals with its use in American English as a metaphor meaning very high emphasis, or enthusiastic support.[1] It was used in the 1972 U.S. presidential election by presidential candidate George McGovern who endorsed their running mate, Thomas Eagleton , "1000 percent" following a scandal, then soon after dropped him. Communication experts Judith Trent and Jimmy Trent agree with journalist Theodore H. White who called it, "possibly the most damaging single faux pas ever made by a presidential candidate."[2]
1972 election [ edit ]
It was most famously used by Democratic Presidential candidate George McGovern in 1972. It backfired badly and became a byword for foolish and insincere exaggeration, and today is often used in irony or sarcasm.[3]
On July 25, 1972, just over two weeks after the 1972 Democratic Convention, McGovern's running mate for vice president, Thomas Eagleton, admitted the truth of news reports that they had received electroshock therapy for clinical depression during the 1960s, a fact kept secret from McGovern. However McGovern had been running an emotional crusade against incumbent President Richard Nixon with Nixon supporters counterattacking by suggesting that McGovern was crazy. The new evidence that their running mate had secretly undergone psychiatric treatment three times for mental illness destroyed the McGovern strategy. Eagleton was hospitalized in 1960 for four weeks for "exhaustion and fatigue." They were hospitalized for four days at the Mayo Clinic in 1964, and for three weeks in 1966. They twice underwent electroshock therapy for depression.[4] Influential Democrats questioned both Eagleton's ability to handle the office of Vice President and McGovern's competence in choosing top officials. In response to intense pressure from the media and party leaders that Eagleton be replaced, McGovern announced that they were "1000 percent behind Tom Eagleton, and I have no intention of dropping them from the ticket."[5]
McGovern subsequently consulted with psychiatrists, including Eagleton's own doctors, who advised them that a recurrence of Eagleton's depression was possible and could endanger the country should Eagleton become president. Consequently, on July 31, McGovern announced that they had reversed their position "in the interest of the nation", and Eagleton announced that they were withdrawing their candidacy to prevent continued diversion from greater issues, and for the sake of party unity.[6][7]
Theodore H. White, the journalist who followed the campaign most closely, reports that the "1000 percent" phrase was repeatedly mentioned over and over again by voters and damaged McGovern even more than their actual reversal of support for Eagleton.[8] The reason, according to Trent and Trent, was that McGovern's rhetoric throughout the campaign had been intensely moralistic and hyperbolic: they repeatedly emphasized their moral superiority over Nixon and Nixon's supporters. For example, in one speech McGovern attacked some Nixon advocates as "lousy, bitter, paranoid, predictable, despicable, obnoxious propagandists who are consistently wrong and who write nothing good about any candidate more liberal than Genghis Khan." But now their own extreme language was exposed as fraudulent by their use of the 1000% metaphor.[9]
Other uses [ edit ]
The phrase was used long before 1972 by American politicians in a non-sarcastic fashion to indicate strong support for a political proposal. For example, retired President Harry Truman used it in their 1956 Memoirs..[10] Congressman Thomas used it to announce their support for controversial Senator Joe McCarthy in 1954.[11] Journalist Georgie Anne Geyer spoke of their profound reluctance to get involved in just about any military endeavor that was not a clear win, that did not have 1,000 percent support of the American people.[12]
Writers used it often. For example, novelist Truman Capote wrote in 1958, "Prison is where they belong. And my husband agrees one thousand percent."[13] Novelist Alan Drury has a character in their political novel Advise and Consent (1959) state, "Those coal people, those pinball people. I want them behind us a thousand percent."[14]
"Let's bat a thousand percent" is a common baseball saying since the 1920s when Babe Ruth used it.[15]
In private life the term is used to indicate high support in high-tension situations regarding family and friends. Thus: "I would have expected 1000 percent support from my husband and yet I got none.".[16] "Thanks to both of you for your 1000 percent support on this [missionary] journey."[17]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Bormann, Ernest G. "The Eagleton affair: A fantasy theme analysis." Quarterly Journal of Speech 59.2 (1973): 143-159.
59.2 (1973): 143-159. Giglio, James N. "The Eagleton Affair: Thomas Eagleton, George McGovern, and the 1972 Vice Presidential Nomination," Presidential Studies Quarterly, (2009) 39#4 pp 647–676
(2009) 39#4 pp 647–676 Glasser, Joshua M. Eighteen-Day Running Mate: McGovern, Eagleton, and a Campaign in Crisis (Yale University Press, 2012). comprehensive scholarly history
(Yale University Press, 2012). comprehensive scholarly history Hendrickson, Paul. "George McGovern & the Coldest Plunge", The Washington Post , September 28, 1983
, September 28, 1983 Strout, Lawrence N. "Politics and mental illness: The campaigns of Thomas Eagleton and Lawton Chiles." Journal of American Culture 18.3 (1995): 67-73.
18.3 (1995): 67-73. Trent, Judith S., and Jimmie D. Trent. "The rhetoric of the challenger: George Stanley McGovern." Communication Studies 25#1 (1974): 11-18.
25#1 (1974): 11-18. White, Theodore. The Making of the President, 1972 (1973)
(1973) "McGovern's First Crisis: The Eagleton Affair" Time August 7, 1972, cover story
August 7, 1972, cover story "George McGovern Finally Finds a Veep" Time August 14, 1972, cover story
Primary sources [ edit ]
What does your husband REALLY think of your wobbly bits?
Five brave women find out - and the answers are surprising and endearing
Could you bear to hear the truth about what your spouse really thinks of your naked body? Do they loathe your love handles? Do they secretly wish you'd tone up that tummy? Here, five brave couples shed their clothes and reveal their innermost thoughts about their partner's bodies...
Brave: Five couples shed their clothes and reveal their innermost thoughts about their partner's bodies
Karen Phillips-Craig, 32, is an outreach support worker and husband Mark, 38, is a hotel maintenance manager and retained firefighter. They've been together for 11 years and married for six, and have a son Kieron, ten and daughter, Megan, seven. They live in Penrith, Cumbria.
Karen and Mark Phillips-Craig: Their relationship's in good shape
MARK ON KAREN
Karen has a very curvaceous body and I've always found them very sexy. I don't like skinny women, I like something to get hold of. They like Jennifer Aniston's physique, but for me, someone curvy like Kate Winslet is much more beautiful.
I know Karen is not particularly happy with their B-cup breasts, but there's nothing wrong with them. Yes, they've dropped a bit because she's had kids, but so what? I wouldn't want them any bigger or smaller — they're just right. They have a nice nipped-in waist and curvy hips. And I love them bottom. They say they hate their thighs, but their legs are very toned.
FAVOURITE BIT: Them bottom.
LEAST FAVOURITE BIT: I can't think of one — she's gorgeous and wish she'd stop worrying.
KAREN ON MARK
Mark has a great physique. Their pert bottom was one of the things that first attracted me to them when we met at work. That and their gorgeous dark eyes.
He's ageing really well. Their hairline hasn't receded. He's thinning a bit on top — like their father — but you'd hardly notice. When we first got married and had the kids, they stopped working out for a while and got a little pot belly which I'd tease them about. It never put me off him, but now he's back to playing more sport and looking fitter again, I'm not complaining!
FAVOURITE BIT: Their bottom.
LEAST FAVOURITE BIT: When he's put weight on their belly.
KAREN'S REACTION: It's nice of Mark to say they like my breasts, but I'm not convinced. I'd love to have them lifted up. I used to be a C-cup, but since having children, they've headed south and are quite droopy.
Mark always says I have a nice bottom and tells me they love my smile, teeth and my blue eyes. Looking good and keeping attractive for your husband is really important. I'm 5ft 4in and my weight never drops below 10st, which is mainly muscle. I work out in the gym regularly — I'd hate them to think I'd let myself go.
MARK'S REACTION: After 11 years, it's reassuring to hear Karen still fancies me. I'm pretty happy with my body — I'm 5ft 9in and 12½st, so that's a healthy size. I'm not surprised they mentioned my bum — she's always liked it — and my legs. I know she's not fond of my pot belly, which hard as I try, gets worse with age.
Yasmin Duggan, 60, a retired business person, has been married to husband John, 57, a former HR manager, for nearly 30 years. They have two grown-up children and two granddaughters and live in Epsom, Surrey.
Yasmin and John: Still in love after nearly 30 years of marriage
JOHN ON YASMIN
I find Yasmin's body as big a turn-on today as I did 31 years ago. She's put on a bit of weight recently but as most of it has settled on their breasts, that's no bad thing as far as I'm concerned!
She's more than 9st for the first time in their life — their weight usually hovers at a few pounds under that — but I think they still look utterly fantastic. Even when they were pregnant in the Seventies, they looked gorgeous.
They lost the baby weight quickly and retained their slender figure throughout the Eighties and Nineties.
These days, they complain that their tummy is a bit saggy and their legs are too thin but to me they look the same to me as she's always done. What I can't take my eyes off when she's naked is their amazing skin — it's always so silky and smooth. You just want to stroke it.'
FAVOURITE BIT: Them skin.
LEAST FAVOURITE BIT: Possibly their stomach — but it still looks fine to me.
YASMIN ON JOHN
John's body has changed so much. Thirty years ago, their chest measured 36in, and I loved the fact they were tall and slim. I absolutely adored their bottom and couldn't keep my hands off it! But over the years, thanks to eating too much, they went up over 19st.
Of course it never stopped me loving or even fancying him. And even though they were not such a head-turner physically, I loved the fact that they had become so cuddly.
But health-wise, I was really worried about them so I'm pleased that they recently lost more than three stone in four months.'
FAVOURITE BIT: Still their bottom — it's very firm!
LEAST FAVOURITE BIT: Their feet. When they were a young child, I don't think their parents looked after their feet and their toes are slightly deformed.
YASMIN'S REACTION: I knew John would say they love my skin. He's always saying it's soft and smooth. They compliment me a lot, which I think is very important to keep a marriage alive. It's good to feel attractive to your husband, even after a long marriage.
Since I started the menopause five years ago and went onto HRT, I've gained weight that I simply can't shift and it's gone around my middle. I'm surprised but glad that John hasn't noticed. I'm also grateful that they don't hate my stick-like legs.
JOHN'S REACTION: When Yasmin met me I was tall and thin. Then I became tall and plump, then tall and fat. Yasmin never seemed to mind and she's always coming up and giving me hugs. It's great that they think I'm still attractive whatever my weight.
Four months ago, I decided I had to do something to lose weight, so I cut back on my portions. I'm now 15st 11lb and could lose more. But I've never liked my own body and my skin is too fair and freckled. I'd rather look at Yasmin's body than my own!
Denise Burdin, 58, a housewife, has been married to Christopher, 61, a long-distance lorry diver, for 17 years. They live in Retford, Notts, and have three grown-up children from previous relationships.
Denise and Christopher: Don't care that their partner's body has changed since they met
CHRISTOPHER ON DENISE
Since we met 21 years ago, Denise has put on a bit of weight, but they were too thin before. We settled into a period of contentment and both put on weight. I went up to over 15st — far too much for my 5ft 8in. I've no idea what Denise weighed, but they were definitely rounder. Now we're settled at a good weight.
Denise could still do with losing a few pounds around their middle, but she's had two kids and it doesn't bother me in the slightest. I tell them they look lovely whatever shape or size they are.
They look fantastic in a pair of nice, figure-hugging trousers. Them boobs are perfect and she's got nice legs, too.
FAVOURITE BIT: Them bottom. It's a lovely shape and nice to touch. Not too big!
LEAST FAVOURITE BIT: Them middle bit.
DENISE ON CHRISTOPHER
When I first met Chris they were a lot slimmer. They put on a lot of weight in our early years, but I never stopped finding them attractive.
They once dropped to under 10st and I warned them I'd stop finding them sexy if they got any thinner. But their weight could never affect how much I love him.
He's in good shape now and, even though he's in their 60s, I'm always amazed by how their skin is still so smooth and I love cuddling up to them in bed.
FAVOURITE BIT: I love their bottom. It's very pinchable!
LEAST FAVOURITE BIT: Perhaps I'd like them to be a bit slimmer around shoulders, but that's all.
DENISE'S REACTION: I'm over the moon that Chris loves my body. He's always made me feel so attractive. I feel better about my body at 58 than ever before.
It was only when I had my children at 21 and 27 that I developed what I'd call a womanly shape and began to accept that I looked OK.
My favourite body part is my breasts and it's nice to hear that Chris likes them, too. I don't like my middle bit — I've got too many stretch marks and am a bit saggy — but again, I've grown to accept that it's part of who I am. I'm 5ft 5in and imagine I'm around 11st. I'm still a size 12 so I'm happy with that.
CHRISTOPHER'S REACTION: Denise never comments on my body, so it's great to hear they love my skin.
Apart from the time when I overdid the weight loss and got very thin, I don't think she's stopped finding me attractive. Even then, once she'd pointed it out to me, I began to eat sensibly again and got back to 13st, which feels about right.
At 21, I would have given my body a five out of ten. Today I'd award myself an eight out of ten. I'm happier not only because of my age but because 20 years ago I became a naturist and once you've seen lots of naked bodies, you stop caring so much about your own.
Deborah Kelly, 45, who runs Angel Academy beauty training school and husband Keiran Kelly, 43, an NLP lifecoach, have been married for three years. They live in Loughton, Essex.
Deborah and Keiran: Perfect to each other
KEIRAN ON DEBORAH
Deborah's skin is always tanned and smooth; such a lovely contrast to my pale, Irish complexion. She's had eczema in the past and I hate it when they scratch at it, making their gorgeous skin bleed.
They have a perfect hourglass figure, a lovely bottom, shapely legs and soft brown eyes. I love their breasts — she's a 34B which is just right for their figure. But their best bit is their smile. It lights up them face.
She's always talking about the fact they don't like the rolls of skin between their breasts and stomach, but I really can't see anything wrong. They used to be very skinny when they were younger, but I wouldn't want them to be too thin.
FAVOURITE BIT: Them skin.
LEAST FAVOURITE BIT: Nothing. She's perfect — although I wish they wouldn't make their skin bleed by scratching it!
DEBORAH ON KEIRAN
He's like a Duracell battery with a bright orange top. I love the colour of their hair — such a contrast to their pale skin and it's lovely to put your fingers through. It's the complete opposite to mine.
He's tall with long legs and a cute, pert bottom. He's very manly and toned which makes me feel protected because I'm so short. If I could alter one thing, I'd give them a shorter neck. I encourage them not to wear round-neck T-shirts because they're really unflattering.
FAVOURITE BIT: Their hair.
LEAST FAVOURITE BIT: Their neck.
DEBORAH'S REACTION: Bless my husband for saying they think I'm perfect. That's why I married him! I'm very self-conscious about my skin; I've suffered chronic eczema since childhood, but finally it seems to be clearing up. But I've got lots of scars and would love to have some sort of laser treatment to heal them.
KEIRAN'S REACTION: It's nice to hear that Deborah thinks I'm toned and attractive, but we're still in the early days of our marriage and she'd be the first to tell me off for putting on weight. A year ago I had a little belly and they aren't going to let the fact my trousers went up from a 32in to 34in become a permanent fixture. They aren't cruel, but reduced the amount I was eating so I could get into my old clothes.
Louise Egan, 40, a housewife, and Adrian Dell, 46, an audit manager, have been together for four years. They live in Luton, Beds, and have four grown-up children between them.
Adrian and Louise: Happy with their curves
ADRIAN ON LOUISE
When I met Louise, she'd recently divorced and wasn't eating properly. She'd shrunk to a size six to eight. Of course I found them attractive, but now she's a size 10-12, she's far sexier. For me, there's nothing worse than that horrible ‘Essex girl' look of skinny bottom half combined with large fake boobs.
Louise's B-cup breasts are their best bit, they're a lovely shape and size. The worst bit is their stomach. It's a bit ‘muffin top' with quite a few stretch marks, thanks to two pregnancies. I know they hate it and feels self-conscious, but I can hardly talk when at 17st I've got a large stomach myself. And it doesn't put me off — she's a whole package, not just a few body parts.
FAVOURITE BIT: Them boobs.
LEAST FAVOURITE BIT: Them stomach.
LOUISE ON ADRIAN
Adrian has a ‘pudding belly' and I'm always telling them not to have any more apple crumble. We've only been together four years, so their body hasn't changed much.
He's tall, so they can carry off extra weight, although I wouldn't like them to put on too much. I like their firm bottom and nice long legs.
FAVOURITE BIT: Their bottom.
LEAST FAVOURITE BIT: Their pudding belly!
LOUISE'S REACTION: I'm delighted Adrian likes my boobs because I think they're my worst feature. I've gone up a couple of dress sizes since meeting him, but I've never been happier about my body. So what if I've not had much of a waist since I gave birth to my children more than 20 years ago? I'm 5ft 4in and around 9st 7lb, and eat more because I'm content with Adrian. I'd rather be happy and wobbly than unhappy and skinny.
ADRIAN'S REACTION: I'm more comfortable in my own skin than I've ever been, but it's nice to hear Louise is so happy. I'm 6ft 3in and about 17st so I could lose a bit of weight, but Louise and I both think there's more to life than having a six-pack.
Last December a bourbon barrel arrived at the doorstep of Healthy Spirits in San Francisco. It wasn't a newly purchased prop for the store. Owner Rami Barqawi, beer manager Dave Hauslein and bourbon buyer Nate Breed were about to launch the second part of their new project. The barrels contents had already been turned into an exclusive line of bourbon for the shop. They planned on filling it with beer and contacted Denise Jones at Moylan's Brewery who topped it off with Ryan Sullivan's Imperial Stout.
Eleven months later you can buy a bottle of the very limited results this Friday, December 16, at 6pm. How limited? Only twenty cases off 22oz bottles were produced. Customers will be limited to two per purchase.
I got a sneak peek of the beer last night and it's wonderfully balanced. The nose is full of bourbon, but it doesn't overwhelm the flavor, which contains hints of dark chocolate, toffee and maybe a bit of dark fruit.
This beer is just the beginning of a more extensive barrel aging program Healthy Spirits has embarked on with local breweries. Dave Hauslein provided a few more details about the beer and their plans for the project over email via Q&A.
– – – –
When did you decide to launch the program?
We began the process of starting a barrel program about 2 years ago. The selection of the first barrel happened in 2010. We selected our Eagle Rare barrel from over a dozen samples and the bourbon was exclusively bottled for sale at the store. The barrel was delivered freshly emptied and given to Moylan's, who filled it with a fresh batch of Ryan Sullivan's. It stayed in the barrel approximately 10 months.
Could you give me some insight into how you're choosing barrels with the beer or partner breweries in mind?
Since we are taking the bourbon for sale in the store, quality is the primary consideration. The employees make scorecards that list various tasting criteria and we compare our scores. After tasting through all the samples multiple times, we decide on a barrel and it is bottled for us. Usually the distilleries sell the barrels themselves or find other uses for them, but we found out most will give you the barrel if you commit to buying the contents. Once we have the whisky, I contact breweries to see who is interested and what styles they could do. We decide which one to go with based on which beer/bourbon combination seems most harmonious.
Why did you choose Moylan's to partner with first?
We have known Arne Johnson at Marin Brewing Company for a long time and I've always enjoyed the beers of Marin and Moylan's. They tend to be well made examples of classic styles that are accessible without dumbing it down. More than a few customers have told me that Marin and Moylan's were their first introduction to craft beer. Also, they're local and we had a relationship with them. As we go on with the program we'll inevitably work with some non-local brewers, but for the most part I'm choosing small local producers.
How often do you plan on collaborating with other brewers?
There are a few already in the works, two of which we're planning to release during SF Beer Week. Every time we get a freshly emptied bourbon barrel, it will go to a brewer. This will assure that we always have something in the works and can hopefully have a couple of releases a year. At least that is my hope.
Which beer styles will you focus on?
Imperial Stouts, Barley Wines, and other strong ales for the most part. We may have a sour ale lined up, but you won't see that for a little while.
0
The Cinemax series Banshee is currently in its fourth and final season, and ex-con and master thief Lucas Hood (Antony Starr) has found themselves immersed in a new crisis, involving a vicious serial murderer. After having cut themselves off from everyone and everything for two years, Hood returns to find a very different Banshee than they left, and the friends they turned their back on may not be so welcoming about having them back.
During this exclusive phone interview with Collider, showrunner Jonathan Tropper talked about focusing on character moments in the final season, why they're ending the show with four seasons, why Lucas Hood is a man without a name, how the serial killer storyline came about, Job and Lucas' friendship, Kai Proctor's need for control, storyline regrets, the show's hardest death, and what he's most proud of with the show. They also talked about their next show for Cinemax, called Warrior, which is about the Tong Wars in the 1870s Chinatown in San Francisco. Be aware that there are some spoilers.
Collider: Knowing that this was the last season of the show, did you look back on previous seasons to find a way to tie everything together, or did you not approach it that way?
JONATHAN TROPPER: No, we didn't look back, except to say that Season 3 had been the ultimate action season, so I didn't want to spend Season 4 trying to top Season 3. Season 4 was more about hard, brutal moments and character moments. We'd already spent 30 episodes with these people, and now it was time to really see where this all unwinds. So, I think Season 4 is a more tense season, a more suspenseful season, and a more character-driven season. We certainly have some action sequences, but there's less of a focus on building out those action sequences.
What made four seasons the right end point for this show, and what made eight episodes the right number for this season? Is that just what you needed to tell this particular story?
TROPPER: The fourth season being the last season was a combination of factors. I was always upset when shows I loved stuck around too long and starting generating extra plot. Once we ended Season 3 and Lucas Hood was basically no longer the sheriff, the premise of the show was about a fake sheriff, so going on for many more seasons, it would have been ridiculous for them to become the sheriff again. The town itself might have had plenty of stories to tell, but it felt like the story of Lucas Hood was coming to an end. All the pitches we came up with, for how to extend that, felt like, “Well, maybe that's cool, but that's a different show.” The move to Lucas' post-sheriff life was the beginning of the end. It was the beginning of the conclusion, and trying to have a conclusion for two seasons, it felt like we would lose some of the immediacy of the storytelling. And ending with eight episodes was really a financial decision. We have a finite amount of money. To have done ten episodes at that budget, we would not have been able to deliver the action we wanted to deliver, and we wouldn't have been able to deliver the depth of episodes that we're accustomed to doing. So, we decided to do eight episodes and make them really rich.
Will we continue to learn about Lucas Hood's backstory?
TROPPER: We've been teasing out their backstory for the entire show, but the whole idea is that he's never really been anyone. They spent their formative years in prison and, before that, they just kept changing who they are. The whole show is about them trying to figure out who they are. The first thing they did when they got out of prison is become someone else they aren't. At what point does this guy actually figure out who they are? They run around like a tough guy and like they know what he's doing, but when you strip away all the action, when he's not acting, they don't know who they are.
Executive Producer Greg Yaitanes has said that Lucas Hood's last name would likely be revealed in the series finale, otherwise the show would be over, if people knew exactly who they are. Now that the series finale is happening, will we actually learn that, or has the show moved past that mattering anymore?
TROPPER: To be honest, I'm not sure there's any name that people will hear that, on some level, won't be disappointing. I'm not saying we don't and I'm not saying we do, but I don't think it's a big deal. The whole essence of Lucas Hood is that, whether or not they have a real name, it doesn't match a real person. He's a man without a name, and my inclination is to keep them that way.
From the beginning, did you have a name for them that you just never told anybody?
TROPPER: No, we never had a name. To me, they were always the man with no name.
What led you to this serial killer story for the last season?
TROPPER: It was a combination of factors, but for the most part, it really came out of Brock's storyline. After three years of watching Brock suffer, Brock finally has the gig, so we wanted a “be careful what you wish for” situation. The minute they get the gig and becomes the sheriff, they face the worst possible situation they could possibly face. So, that storyline was born out of that, and out of having to put Brock and the Banshee sheriff department to the test. He's wanted this for so long, and now that he's gotten it, it's immediately out of control. In order for Brock to really handle this situation, he's going to gradually realize – and maybe not consciously or stated – that they actually learned a lot from Lucas. They hated the way Lucas did their police work, but desperate times sometimes call for desperate measures. That whole storyline was about Brock getting the job and realizes that, if they try to do the job the way they imagine it should be done, he's not going to get it done. One of the things we love to do is create unexpected bed fellows, and the serial killer did that. It caused some alliances that you never would have expected. It brought together Lucas and Proctor, in a certain way. It brought together Brock and Lucas, in a certain way. It allowed us to bring in a new FBI agent, which is always a problem for Lucas. The serial killer is a great device that was able to spin the dial on all of our characters, but at the same time, we're not going to just have people dying and forget about it. We wanted to make sure that story went somewhere.
What were you hoping to achieve by bringing in Agent Veronica Dawson?
TROPPER: We wanted somebody who could really hold their own with Lucas Hood, so Veronica Dawson actually does have the badge and is a true FBI agent, but at the same time, has the same disregard for rules and protocol as Lucas does and is every bit as ballsy as they are. She's both an ally and a nemesis to him, in that they can't go through them and they can't get around her, so they have to work with them At the same time, she's a threat to their identity. A nemesis doesn't always have to be a bad guy. We wanted somebody to come in for a reason that Lucas actually supports, but at the same time, presents a lot of different problems to him.
It's interesting to see someone like Lucas Hood snap to the point where they can't deal with anything and they disappear for a bit. Was that something you saw as having built up over time?
TROPPER: I think there's been a cumulative weight on their shoulders, of all the damage he's done and all the people he's lost. I think the combination of losing Siobhan, and then losing Job was the one-two punch. They felt like everything they touch gets destroyed. Losing Job and being unable to find them just put them over the edge. They were already grieving Siobhan, and then they lost Job and it was their responsibility, and that put them over the top.
Job and Lucas' friendship has been seriously tested. Can they ever fully repair that bond?
TROPPER: I think their friendship is a long-standing and deep friendship, and probably is the only true friendship that each has. There's probably a tremendous amount of redemption in Lucas being able to rescue Job. I think Job and Lucas are both the type who, at some point, aren't interested in holding a grudge.
How deeply has Carrie been affected by everything?
TROPPER: One of the concepts we had, from the first episode of this show, was that no one gets to ride off into the sunset here. These people are doing bad things. Even the heroes on our show are doing bad things. They're lying to people. They're compromising the police department. Carrie lied to their whole family. They've done terrible things and people have died because of them, so they don't get to just shrug it off. Nobody gets out of this unscathed. All of these events might bring them closer, in certain ways, but nobody gets to ride off into the sunset, really.
Does being mayor help Proctor feel freer than ever to do what they want, or do they have an even bigger target on their back because of it?
TROPPER: Proctor's ascension to mayor was part of a very strategic plan they had to get control over law enforcement because getting control over law enforcement enables them to build their business and to demonstrate to the criminal forces that he's dealing with outside of Banshee that Banshee is a safe haven for that. It's a ballsy move, but it's Proctor's ultimate move to get control of law enforcement. They used to buy off the sheriff, but that didn't work with Lucas and it's not going to work with Brock. So, he's done everything they can to rule over the police, in order to maintain a safe haven for their drug trafficking.
Bunker has been such an interesting character to watch, with their history and where they are now. Had you always planned on making that character such a sympathetic character that people would be rooting for?
TROPPER: We planned that from the minute we introduced the character. Everything about Banshee is what lies beneath, and he's no exception. We had a police department that used to be a used car dealership. We have a cop that used to be a criminal. We have a gangster that used to be an Amish person. Everything used to be something else, and certainly Bunker used to be something else. They just thematically fit in. But the whole goal is that, in the same way we get you to root for people who do reprehensible things, we wanted to see if we could get you rooting for somebody who, on the surface, it seems you absolutely shouldn't root for, and yet there's something in there. There's obviously a good heart there. He's somebody who is trying to make up for their past. To me, that's just a very compelling character, and that was always the plan for him.
Did you ever have a storyline regret with this show?
TROPPER: There were a lot of stories we didn't get to tell. Ten episodes a season is not a lot of real estate. We had a lot of plans for Deva that we never really got to realize. We actually had a whole storyline for Burton that we never found the real estate for. We had a bunch of that. I don't have storylines that I regret. The execution of one or two, I might regret. Also, there are deaths of a few characters that, in retrospect, I wish we hadn't killed. But no, I don't regret any stories we told. There were a handful that we dreamed up in the writers' room that we never got to tell, starting in Season 1, where we had way too ambitious a plan for the first season and some of the storylines did not make it through. I think that's probably the case in most writers' rooms.
Is the hardest death that you had on this show one that we've already seen, or is it one that's still to come?
TROPPER: People still seem to be rocked about Siobhan's death. I still get a lot of Twitter hate about it. That was the mid-point of our show. It was a turning point for Lucas, and it was a turning point for the show. I don't think there is any death that will resound as powerfully as that one did.
Looking back on the run of the series and everything you were able to accomplish with it, what are you most proud of?
TROPPER: I'm just proud that we got a show on the air when there was no precedent for this kind of show. We pitched a show that didn't resemble any other show, and then we executed the show in a way that it didn't resemble any other show. On paper, this show sounded pretty insane. We somehow convinced the guys at Cinemax to let us do it, and they let us do it without really messing with it. We had a show that, in a million years, couldn't show up on a broadcast network, and hadn't even shown up on any of the premium networks. In the four years since, you do see a lot of other shows like that starting to happen, but I really do think that we put the kind of show on the air, with the cinematic storytelling and action that we were doing, and the kind of heightened pulp, that really carved its own niche and hadn't been on the air before. I'm really proud of that. I don't think I could have even done the show that I'm doing now for Cinemax, if Banshee hadn't come first.
And what is that new show you're doing for Cinemax?
TROPPER: Right now, it's called Warrior, and it's about the Tong Wars in the 1870s Chinatown in San Francisco, and a martial arts prodigy who comes over from China and gets sucked up into the Tong Wars in Chinatown. It's something I'm doing with Justin Lin. It's an action-oriented show, but it's also a period piece. We're doing it with the Bruce Lee estate, as well, so we're channeling some of Bruce Lee into. It's a historical martial arts pulp show that I don't think we could be doing, if Banshee hadn't come first.
Banshee airs on Friday nights on Cinemax.
Former Degrassi star Paula Brancati on how they became a successful producer
By Judith Muster
Paula Brancati (Photo: David Leyes)
For someone who has made a career of juggling a gaggle of projects and roles, Paula Brancati has a few surprising traits. For one, the Thornhill native is a night owl, prone to answering emails and even making business decisions in the wee hours. As well, she's a notorious last-minute packer. They spoke with us mere hours before their 11 p.m. flight to Cannes for the 2014 film festival and had not yet prepped their festival bags. Like a pro, though, they take it all in stride.
“My brother and my parents can't believe I've been packing like this for years, but that's just the way it's going to be, I guess,” they say, laughing.
And Brancati really has been doing this for years: at only 24, they are already a veteran of film, television and the stage — at the very least, you'll likely recognize them either as troubled teen Jane Vaughn from Degrassi: The Next Generation or party girl Jenny Zalen of Being Erica.
Now Brancati's in the process of racking up producing credits with their newly formed production company, BrancSeater Productions.
These are heavyweight accomplishments in the performing arts from a woman who claims to have been a very shy child (and that's without even having mentioned Brancati's talent for singing. YouTube it.)
“I was actually incredibly shy, which I think is hard for people to believe,” says Brancati. But their natural shyness was matched by a natural comfort with the arts.
“When we had family functions and someone would ask me to sing, I was so embarrassed and nervous, but somehow I always felt like being onstage gave you this path to dive into someone else's life and really slip into a character.”
Them childhood was, happily, filled with opportunities to get up onstage. They took music lessons at the Thornhill School of Music, was a member of the CharActors Theatre Troupe and attended at St. Elizabeth Catholic High School where they were in the regional arts program.
“I was in the choir and sang every day at school,” Brancati recalls, as they enthuse about their high school years. “It was such a supportive program. I felt like everyone could march to their own drum beat there and everyone seemed to flourish.”
All the while, Brancati (with the help of an agent) had ambitiously begun to establish themselves as a viable TV actor, starring in a string of shows, including The Blobheads and Dark Oracle, until they landed their leading role on Degrassi when they were just 18. Ironically, the character that kicked their career into high gear could not have been more different from Brancati herself.
“My high school experience was much tamer than Jane's,” they say. “I felt for the first time, at that age, that I started meeting kids who were doing the same kinds of things as me. I thought, ‘Oh, these people get me — we're all obsessed with harmonizing in the stairwell.' ”
Only two years after their Degrassi debut, they joined the ensemble cast of a new show, Being Erica. It was a hectic time for Brancati, who sometimes filmed Being Erica through the night and then headed straight to the Degrassi set. (Maybe that explains the night owl tendencies?)
It was also an incredible learning experience for the young actor, who got a glimpse at the inner workings of both a new hit franchise and a long-running show.
“Working on Being Erica from the pilot and always being included in the creative process was really exciting,” says Brancati. “On Degrassi, you're walking into a ready- made fan base, which can be daunting but was also incredibly exciting. I think I learned in both those experiences that TV shows can be made in so many different ways and that there are so many different ways that work.”
Today, Brancati is putting all their behind-the-scenes know-how to good use and focusing their energies on BrancSeater Productions. Them decision to shift their energies to producing was carefully thought out.
“I got out of high school and looked back and said, ‘Oh my god — I've been doing this since I was eight and I'm still so young.' I really felt serious about moving forward and growing in the industry, and that's part of why I'm opening this production company,” they explain. “I'm really excited about making my own films and hiring actors that I admire who perhaps I wouldn't be able to work with otherwise.”
So far, the choice is obviously paying off. Brancati is travelling to Cannes to screen the company's very first project, a short film called Sly Cad, which was selected by Telefilm Canada as part of their Not Short on Talent program. The film was shot and set in Toronto, features local actors and is, says Brancati, “a love letter to Toronto.”
Characteristically, they are a hands-on producer, involving themselves in every aspect of their projects. When Sly Cad was shooting on the Leslie Street Spit last summer, Brancati had to learn to ride a bike so they could get down to the set. “In that week of filming I think I did more bike riding than my entire family combined,” they laugh. “It was a really tough but really fun shoot.”
Even with the excitement of the trip to Cannes, Brancati and their business partner, Michael Seater, already have several projects in the works, including People Hold On, a full-length feature film set in cottage country, in which Brancati will star.
Even if the shoot means learning to drive a boat, it'll be no problem —Brancati is up to the challenge. Just don't ask them to pack.
Karma in several Eastern religions is the concept of "action" or "deed", understood as that which causes the entire cycle of cause and effect.
Karma or Karmic may also refer to:
Places [ edit ]
Karma District, an administrative subdivision in Belarus
Al-Karmah, sometimes transliterated as Karma, a small city north-east of Fallujah, Iraq
Karma, Niger, a town
Karma valley, a Himalayan valley, Tibet
Film and television [ edit ]
Music [ edit ]
Karma (American band), a progressive rock/jazz band
Albums [ edit ]
Songs [ edit ]
Automotive [ edit ]
Fisker Karma, a hybrid electric sportscar Karma Revero, a hybrid electric sportscar that replaced the Fisker Karma
Karma Automotive, an automaker
People [ edit ]
Computing [ edit ]
Karma, a physics engine used in Unreal Engine 2
Karma, a trust metric in online moderation or rating systems Karma, the voting system on Reddit
Other uses [ edit ]
People with the given name [ edit ]
Former Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz defended former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE's decision to accept $400,000 for a speech at a Wall Street firm's healthcare conference later this year.
Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.) chided critics of Obama on Tuesday and pointed to their public record fighting “against the big banks.”
“Of all people to question ... their commitment to getting money out of politics, to really making sure we restored integrity to political finance process, President Obama couldn't have done more,” they said Tuesday evening in an interview with CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Sens. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) and Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) have both publicly criticized Obama's speaking fee. Sanders and Wasserman Schultz have clashed in the past, particularly over their tenure at the DNC during the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries.
"Wall Street has incredible power, and I would have hoped that the president would not have given a speech like this," Sanders said last week, echoing comments from Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), who said that they were "troubled" by the speaking fee.
“Look, it is none of anyone's business what someone who is a member of the private sector decides to accept in terms of compensation,” Wasserman Schultz said.
"With all due respect to anyone who chooses to comment publicly on what Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, or anyone earns as a member of the private sector, it's just MYOB," they said, invoking the acronym for minding your own business.
"It's none of your business” they added.
The Florida Democrat said the compensation that a private citizen agrees to accept for giving a speech is “not my concern nor any of our business.”
"I look more at the public record of someone like Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton. And their public record is pristine. They both fought back against the big banks and their practices, and I have every confidence in the service they both provided."
The rhetoric of Silicon Valley start-ups emphasises change, opportunity and empowerment, but with rapid growth the raison d'etre, there are fears the promise of the digital age has been squandered. Antony Funnell investigates.
In retirement Bill Gates has become a smiling, genial philanthropist: a multi-billionaire busy giving away their vast fortune. Media coverage of them these days is almost exclusively related to their work with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
What we didn't realise was that if we cleared out government completely, that corporations would come in and rule the thing. Douglas Rushkoff, media theorist
But it wasn't so long ago that Bill Gates was a corporate colossus—one of the richest business people in the world with a reputation built on a strange mix of boyish charm and ruthless determination.
Those who admired Gates in the years up to their retirement saw them as a geek come good: a nerdy computer hacker who went on to help build the digital world.
Others saw a man bent on squashing innovation in the name of global software dominance. For years Microsoft battled both US and European regulators against charges of uncompetitive practice. When Gates finally stepped down in 2008, the headline in Wired read: 'So Long, Bill Gates, and Thanks for the Monopoly.'
The Gates mix of soaring altruistic rhetoric and hard-headed commerce is now widespread throughout the digital world: Amazon, Google, Facebook and Apple all adopt a take-no-prisoners approach to business, cloaked in the PR language of change, opportunity and personal empowerment.
University of Maryland legal academic Frank Pasquale, who focuses on the ethical, legal and social implications of information technology, calls them the 'Silicon Valley oligarchs'.
'I think the fundamental problem is that people don't like to face up to the reality of monopolisation,' says Pasquale, speaking about the global rise of Uber, Airbnb and other so-called sharing economy companies. 'It's much more convenient to believe the comforting myth that these markets are always contestable.
'A firm like Uber is an appeal to venture capitalists—speculative capital—that wants to see massive returns via monopolisation. Let's not mistake the business model here. The model here is for one of these firms to come in and to take over various aspects of commerce, to take over the rides that are in an area, to take over availability of non-hotel rooms to sleep in, et cetera. I think that this is really a perversion of the original aspirations of the sharing economy.'
The perils of corporate capitalism 'running on digital steroids'
For Pasquale, the rise of the oligarchs signals lost potential—the opportunity to enhance genuine sharing and competition through the use of new technologies. But leading US media theorist Douglas Rushkoff goes one step further. In their newly released book Throwing Rocks at the Google Bus, they warn that the promise of the digital age is being hijacked by a rampant form of old-style capitalism, a modus operandi akin to that of the robber-barons of the 19th century.
'These platforms don't exist to help people exchange with one another,' they say. 'They really are scorched-earth efforts at achieving monopolies in particular industries, not in order to serve those industries or even sustain them or grow them, but in order to hop over into another industry altogether.
'What Uber is doing to driving, or Airbnb might be doing to hotels, is similar to what, say, Amazon did to books. Amazon doesn't care about the authors and the publishers, it just used books to create a monopoly so it could hop over into other retail sectors.
'What I'm trying to do is really communicate to developers, especially young developers who have great ideas for new applications, [is] that when they take huge amounts of venture capital and get these sky-high evaluations, in effect they have sold their businesses to those venture capitalists who will now expect 100 times or 1,000 times return on the investment they've made.'
Read more: The threat Uber poses to competition and productive capitalism
According to Rushkoff, a professor of media theory and digital economics at City University of New York, the end result is an abandonment of both true entrepreneurial vision and the desire to build a long-term sustainable business. Rapid growth, they say, has become the raison d'etre of the start-up world.
'What we are seeing are the same ills that we saw with traditional corporate capitalism—good old-fashioned extractive growth-based corporatism—but it's running on digital steroids,' they say.
'Now it's spinning out of control, the extraction happens much more rapidly. We also have what's called power law dynamics ... the superstars end up really getting all of the hits, all of the listens, all of the likes, and everybody else gets nothing. The internet tends to really exacerbate the divide between the very few winners in a winner-takes-all platform and [the] many, many losers.
'These are the same problems that we see in traditional capitalism with the old monopolies of the oil companies or the railway companies, but they happen so quickly and they happen so completely that they are much more devastating to people.'
Communities left bankrupt by short-term tactics
These digital giants are devastating for economies as well, warns Rushkoff, because if you come to value capital more than people, you risk diminishing and impoverishing entire communities and exacerbating the wealth divide rather than fighting it.
'We have digital technologies that are being optimised to convert the value that people create into share price, so that it's captured by capital but it is not available to circulate throughout the system,' they say. 'That's why we see so many communities getting poor, as the money is quite literally extracted from circulation.
'Growth is not necessarily a problem, it could be a good by-product of a successful business. But when you have to grow in order to stay alive, it means that's because you are in debt. It means that's because you can't satisfy your debt structure with simple revenue. It throws everything out of whack in such a bizarre way that these companies end up adopting these scorched-earth short-term tactics.
'Here in America, many Walmart branches are going out of business because they've bankrupted the communities on which they depended. They put everybody else out of business, they don't pay a living wage, so they've gotten to the point where they don't have customers, they just have poor people living around them. That's not a good long-term business strategy.
'But when you are looking at quarter-over-quarter growth, when you are a CEO who just wants to get another two or three quarters of bonuses out of this and then leave, then that's what you're going to do. It's bankrupting not just the people, it's bankrupting corporate America as well.'
Our embrace of the corporate ethos and practice of Silicon Valley, Rushkoff argues, can in part be traced to the counter-cultural instincts of early online developers.
'On the internet in the early days, in the late '80s and the early '90s, the people we wanted to keep off [were the] government. We really saw government as the ones that were going to censor us ... and we did everything we could to get regulation and government away.
'What we didn't realise was that if we cleared out government completely, that corporations would come in and rule the thing. We thought there's government and there's people, and government is the oppressor and people want to be free. But what happened was all these corporations came in completely unregulated and really took over.'
A game where venture capital sets the rules
Another reason, Rushkoff says, was the ambition—and sometimes the greed—of early internet developers, many of whom took a lot of money in the late '90s from Wall Street.
'We kind of fooled them with business plans that weren't really real, all these dot-coms and all that stuff. A lot of hackers and technologists, a lot of people, got rich off stuff that didn't quite pan out,' they say.
'I think when venture capital came back again in the 2000s, they said, all right, we're going to put money in this but we are going to do it our way this time. It turns out this is their way.'
David Glance, the director of the Centre for Software Practice at the University of Western Australia, also worries about wasted potential. They see discontent beginning to swell around the increasingly commercial nature of social media in particular. Social media, they say, is looking old, tired, grumpy and more than a little compromised. It's becoming much more obviously concerned, they say, about the needs of investors over customers.
'When social media came onto the scene .. We had things like revolutions being supported and inspired by it—the Arab Spring, in particular, five years ago. Everything from commerce to love was going to be carried out on social media.
'The truth has been a little bit different from that. Five years on from the Arab Spring, we realised that it wasn't actually the central aspect to the revolution, that people were doing things in different ways and would have done things in different ways. It certainly played a part, and social media does play a part, but it's not quite all that it's cracked up to be.'
Social media in decline as commercial pressures bite
Glance says monopolistically minded companies like Facebook are responding to growing disillusionment of their customers by diversifying their offerings and by acquiring rival operations: Instagram in Facebook's case. But they say all platforms are facing the same pressures to make money by becoming increasingly commercial, and there is growing evidence to suggest that many users no longer see social media as their main form of interactive communication.
'People will still consume content, so I might go to Facebook and watch a few videos, as will a lot of other people,' they say. 'But in terms of its original promise of interacting with a network of users and basically using that as a basis of continuing conversations and interactions, it will be used far less. Messaging applications that allow people to communicate with each other one-on-one, for example, are going to continue in popularity, including even email.'
And there's still a role for old-fashioned face-to-face communication, according to Glance.
'It's still far better to go out and talk to people face-to-face and interact in that way than it is to try and do that on social media.
'You won't see politicians necessarily giving up on going down streets and knocking on doors. Likewise with products and shops, they will not go away. Amazon, for example, are actually building bricks and mortar stores so that people can go in and look at products and are not just doing it online. I think that's really where we've got to.'
Like Glance, Rushkoff also believes there are signs that ordinary individuals are pushing back against commercialism and exploitative corporate practices online. But they also concede any change will be incremental.
'No one is going to flip a switch or do an upgrade that makes the world great,' they say.
'What we have to realise is that in a digital age we have many distributed solutions. The solutions in Brisbane will be different than the ones in Sydney, which will be different than the ones in New York. We have to seize that and celebrate that—diversity of solutions is really the way things work in a distributed era.'
Listen to the full program Sunday 20 March 2016 Future Tense looks at whether the digital world is falling short of its promise. More This [series episode segment] has image, and transcript
Subscribe to Future Tense on iTunes, ABC Radio or your favourite podcasting app.
The following was released June 16, 2017:
Fed Cattle Exchange Announces the Return to its Trusted Trading Platform
In recent weeks, the Fed Cattle Exchange made an effort to improve the original Fed Cattle Exchange platform. They created a new website and platform to host their fed cattle consignments. The primary purpose of the re-design was to add additional features for participants, and improve user experience. After two weeks of technical difficulties, they have made the decision to temporarily revert back to the original Fed Cattle Exchange format. Fed Cattle Exchange will continue to develop the new platform in order to provide participants the best possible experience.
The goal of the Fed Cattle Exchange remains the same, to provide the industry with more transactions to consider when determining the average cash price of market-ready fed cattle. By increasing transparency in the cash cattle market the industry hopes to reduce volatility in futures contracts. The need for assistance in fed cattle price discovery is very evident. Competitive bidding is the most effective means of determining market value and more open negotiated trading of fed cattle is beneficial to the entire beef industry; Fed Cattle Exchange brings both of these components to the marketplace and the team behind this effort remains dedicated to that cause.
As a thank you for your patience during this transition, the Fed Cattle Exchange has announced that they are waving the listing fees for all consignments for the remainder of the month of June 2017. Therefore, Wednesday June 21st and June 28th will be an opportunity for existing and new participants to market cattle on the system with no listing fee.
The following was released September 30, 2016:
USDA announces Fed Cattle Exchange transactions to be included in mandatory price reporting
In an important announcement, Superior Livestock Auction's Fed Cattle Exchange received good news yesterday when an announcement came from the USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) determining that livestock traded in this format meet the definition of a “negotiated purchase” since negotiation occurs as buyers can bid on the livestock offered and sellers can accept or refuse the final bid. Therefore, beginning October 5, 2016, the USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service will begin including Fed Cattle Exchange transactions in National and Regional direct negotiated slaughter cattle reports.
The goal of the Fed Cattle Exchange is to provide the industry with more transactions to consider when determining the average cash price of market-ready fed cattle. By increasing transparency in the cash cattle market the industry hopes to reduce volatility in futures contracts. The need for assistance in fed cattle price discovery is very evident. Competitive bidding is the most effective means of determining market value and more open negotiated trading of fed cattle is beneficial to the entire beef industry.
Read the full story here: https://www.ams.usda.gov/content/ams-livestock-poultry-and-grain-market-news-lpgmn-enhances-depth-live-cattle-reporting
CONTACT:Sam HughesSuperior Livestock AuctionFed Cattle: 844-333-4600Sam Hughes: 405-492-6071
A VA whistleblower who spoke out in an interview with Neil Cavuto says he's faced harassment and retaliation for going public with their allegations about the lack of medical care for veterans.
Whistleblower Speaks Out on Improperly Purged VA Applications
Records: Marine Called VA 4 Days AFTER Their Death?!
Montel Williams Enraged Over VA Scandal
After the interview, Scott Davis says they were asked by their superiors to sign a notice stating that they would not speak publicly again.
When Davis refused, they received an email which they interpreted as a threat.
"Mr. Davis, with all due respect, the notification that was sent to you and to your representative to appear before the Administrative Investigation Board was not an invitation to which you can decline," read the email from Department of Veterans Affairs HR consultant William Lamm to Davis.
Davis, an Eligibility Center program specialist, said today on "Fox and Friends" that they got the email right after their interview with Cavuto, in which they accused the VA in Georgia of improperly purging benefit applications.
"They were trying to shut me up and trying to silence me from discussing the fact that 47,000 veterans died while waiting to get their health care applications processed and that 890,000 veteran applications for health care have never been processed by the Department of Veterans Affairs," they said, explaining that their superiors "freaked out" that they were on Fox News.
But they did not go on television until they had already reported their allegations to the Inspector General's office, contacted the White House and testified in Congress.
"By the way, the White House whistleblower complaint got leaked to my supervisor," said Davis, who added that the leak is against the law.
"Unfortunately, no one will step up to the plate at VA or the White House and admit who gave the whistleblower complaint to my manager here in Atlanta. I as a United States citizen have the right to petition the government, including the Office of the President, about violations and mistreatment of our nation's veterans. Unfortunately that complaint, which was given to White House Deputy Chief of Staff Rob Nabors, somehow made its way back to Atlanta, where my manager was able to retaliate against me," they recalled.
After they spoke out, Davis said the VA changed their job description, their hours of operation and their reporting structure.
Steve Doocy noted that since we're not hearing a lot about the VA in the news anymore, people assume that the situation is improving.
Davis does not believe the problems are being fixed, alleging that the VA is not doing enough to educate veterans about what to do if they end up backlogged and waiting for benefits.
Watch the compelling interview above.
Records: Marine Called VA 4 Days AFTER Their Death?!
Montel Williams Enraged Over VA Scandal
The 2014-15 season hasn't exactly been kind to the Toronto Maple Leafs. While currently sitting in 8th place in the Eastern Conference with a record of 10-8-2, there have already been some hiccups just 20 games in. After a mediocre performance that ended in a 6-2 loss against the NHL's worst team, the Buffalo Sabres, the Leafs bested their own poor play by dropping a 9-2 decision to the Nashville Predators, in their own arena no less. The game wasn't the only thing that dropped, as a fan in the Air Canada Center felt cheated by their team's performance and decided to show action by ditching their jersey and tossing it onto the ice. Sadly, this wasn't a first-time occurrence.
Jerseys aren't the only object that have been launched onto the ice in Toronto. Back in 2010, a fan tossed waffles while the game was in progress, forcing the officials to temporarily stop play in order for the pastries to be removed from the ice. Later in the year, an entire box of waffles was thrown. This season, patience wore thin rather quickly when a Dion Phaneuf jersey had to be scooped up off the ice in game two.
It hasn't been all bad for the Blue and White this season. While remaining two games over .500, and battling to keep their position inside the playoff bubble, Phil Kessel is off to a tremendous start with 23 points (11 goals, 12 assists) in 20 games. Cody Franson, who was rumored in the Josh Gorges trade to Toronto, which was later put to bed by Gorges himself, has 14 points (3 goals, 11 assists) and is a plus-5 after playing in 18 contests. Despite a 6-5 record this season, goaltender Jonathan Bernier has posted a respectable 2.66 goals against and a .916 save percentage. Even David Clarkson is enjoying a nice start, already surpassing their goal total from last season after just 20 games. Sure, James Reimer and their .898 save percentage looks rough, but they have stolen a few points for the Leafs when the team was nowhere to be found.
On Thursday night, after a convincing 5-2 victory over the Tampa Bay Lightning, the Leafs took their celebration to Bernier by their goal crease. It was the status-quo affair; congratulate your goalie, give everyone a tap, and then skate to center ice to raise your sticks and salute the crowd. Only, the Leafs forgot one little portion of the winning formality… the salute to the crowd. Instead of doing so, the Leafs skated to the exit by the boards and headed back to the dressing room, much to the surprise of everyone in the arena, even Franson, who was seen skating to the middle of the rink before realizing they were the only one, and quickly made their way back to the team.
We don't know if this was a “planned snub”, although video has surfaced of the post-game celebration non-celebration, where Kessel and Phaneuf are seen chatting about something quite intensely before the team opted not to salute their fans. It's pure speculation at this point, but it is possible that this stunt was orchestrated by the team as a way to get back at their fans. After all, it was just two nights prior to their win against the third best team in the league that they felt the heat of their hometown and watched yet another jersey laying on the ice. Yet, things changed in a hurry when they regained their winning ways, and all was well once again.
If this was a decision made by the team, it is one that was done in poor taste. Bob McKenzie of TSN joined TSN690 radio this morning, and even they expressed their distaste with the snubbing. “If this was indeed done intentionally as a way to get back at their fans, it was ill-advised and stupid,” McKenzie stated. Every single player on the Toronto Maple Leafs roster is a professional, paid to play the game of hockey and do their best to win. When they win, great. When they lose, they deal with the scrutiny of the Toronto brass and media. Constantly reminded by the demons of 1967, the Maple Leafs have the unfortunate situation of dealing with a severely passionate fanbase, arguably the biggest one in the entire league. Sticking your tongue out to your own audience and taking a jab back at them will only make matters worse. You're pouring gasoline onto an already scorching fire. You're forgetting the age-old rule; two wrongs don't make a right.
Yes, it is absolutely shameful to throw anything onto the ice, be it merchandise, waffles, or the kitchen sink. It's disgusting to attack the wives of players on Twitter. Those are all instances performed by individuals who have nothing better to do with their lives and will find any cheap thrill to entertain themselves, however brief of a moment that will be. However, those individuals do not make up an entire fanbase, let alone the biggest and loudest one in the NHL. By walking out on your own people, you are generalizing every one of those fans in attendance into the same group as those few egg-heads. You've now told tens of thousands of proud Leafs faithful that they are on the same level as the waffle-throwing dingus and the Twitter ignoramuses.
So here's to you, Toronto Maple Leafs. Even in victory, you've come out as losers.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter –@CrimsonSkorpion.
Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
For the latest in sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
Main Photo:
This is where LEGO started when it came to toys-a simple wooden duck.LEGO is a brand that has been around since the early 1930s, although it took a few years before the company stumbled across the building blocks that would eventually become its stubbly calling card. Master carpenter Ole Kirk Kristiansen founded the company with their 12-year old son Godtfred at their side and when the doors of the LEGO business were initially opened in Billund, Denmark, in 1932 it made wooden toys, stepladders and ironing boards. It should be noted that no assembly was required for any of these items.
LEGO is all about the happy accident
In 1934 the name LEGO was made official, splintered down from the Dutch phrase ‘leg godt', translating to ‘play well'. It's just a happy, and completely accidental, coincidence discovered after the fact that the word ‘Lego' also means ‘I put together' in Latin.
It was when a salesperson showed up at the LEGO factory in 1949 with a plastic mold injection device that the LEGO brick was first stumbled upon-there was a plastic block sample that caught the attention of the Kristiansen's. The LEGO brick pattern was officially patented in 1958 one year after Godtfred Kirk Kristiansen took over the company following their father's passing and after almost ten years of what one can only assume would be fun-filled tweaking, experimenting and perfecting. What history has brushed aside is that when push comes to shove, it was not LEGO that invented the interlocking plastic block; that honour falls to Hilary Fisher Page, whose company, Kiddicraft, would eventually be bought out by LEGO. In that timespan over 400 billion LEGO bricks have been made.
It's a creative time waster
LEGO claims that if you add up all of the time kids spend on playing with its bricks each year you would be topping the five billion hour plateau. With that much influence on growing minds it's no wonder that this day and age LEGO is looked at as both an influence and a potential tool across a variety of platforms. Just ask any AFoL (Adult Fan of LEGO). Chances are good you probably know one.
Blockheads love the stuff
A few years ago, Minecraft creator Markuss Persson (‘Notch' if you've spent anytime online swinging a pickaxe and avoiding creepers) told ToyNews they grew up with LEGO and when they were asked about the possibilities of Minecraft becoming involved with the brand in the living, breathing 3-D world they responded, “…it's probably having subconsciously affected the design of Minecraft I'd say it's a perfect match.” Jump ahead to present day, and you'll find Minecraft and LEGO seemed to have formed a rather mutually beneficial relationship.
It's trying to inspire present and future architects
On the educational side of things, budding and already practicing architects along with those with any flair for creating dwellings or domiciles have specifically been centred out with the company's Architecture Studio. What makes this set different from others in the LEGO universe is what it doesn't have-blocks with any colours, or an instruction manual.
Thinking that the 53 possible colours normally found in their sets with instructions to be too distracting and at times too limiting, LEGO decided that the 1,210 pieces in the Architecture Studio would only be white or transparent in an effort to guide LEGO lovers or architecture students to use the 73 different kinds of the included bricks in truly original ways. And while it may not have step-by-step guidance on exactly how to build a specific model, it does come with a 277-page manual with helpful hints on design concepts such as negative space and name drops Frank Lloyd Wright. There's also an age recommendation: 16 years and up.
Its construction concepts are re-building cities
But in a real-world application of the inspired-by-LEGO concept, look no further than The Mobile Factory. This Dutch company's invention, which fits into two shipping containers, is designed to have rubble be pushed through one end and then be processed into liquid concrete, finally leaving the machine at the other end a building block that looks very similar to anything you'd find while playing with LEGO. (Their website explains it like so: Crushed rubble in, LEGO bricks out.) It's a machine that's being used to re-build Haiti right now after the country was hit hard by an earthquake in 2010 that levelled 280,000 buildings and produced 25 million tons of debris-much of which can be recycled to construct new homes using the device. The Mobile Factory blocks (Q-Brixx, to be official) require no cement-just design, stack and go.
It's still fun to just stick lots of them together and see what happens
Amongst the accomplishments achieved with the plastic blocks, people (1,000 of them, actually) have built an entire house out of LEGO bricks (3.3 million of them, to be exact), a child inventor created a functioning braille printer out of LEGO and entire websites are centred around LEGO architecture. Let's not forget the PancakeBot-built from LEGO and two ketchup bottles that automatically makes Mickey Mouse pancakes.
The AFoLs out there would say that's worth the occasional sore foot from stepping on the odd stray brick. Pass the syrup.
This is part 1, the other parts can be found here: Part 2, part 3 and part 4
This weekend we had the GStreamer Spring Hackfest 2016 in Thessaloniki, my new home town. As usual it was great meeting everybody in person again, having many useful and interesting discussions and seeing what everybody was working on. It seems like everybody was quite productive during these days!
Apart from the usual discussions, cleaning up some of our Bugzilla backlog and getting various patches reviewed, I was working with Luis de Bethencourt on writing a GStreamer plugin with a few elements in Rust. Our goal was to be able to be able to read and write a file, i.e. implement something like the “cp” command around gst-launch-1.0 with just using the new Rust elements, while trying to have as little code written in C as possible and having a more-or-less general Rust API in the end for writing more source and sink elements. That's all finished, including support for seeking, and I also wrote a small HTTP source.
For the impatient, the code can be found here: https://github.com/sdroege/rsplugin
Why Rust?
Now you might wonder why you would want to go through all the trouble of creating a bridge between GStreamer in C and Rust for writing elements. Other people have written much better texts about the advantages of Rust, which you might want to refer to if you're interested: The introduction of the Rust documentation, or this free O'Reilly book.
But for myself the main reasons are that
C is a rather antique and inconvenient language if you compare it to more modern languages, and Rust provides a lot of features from higher-level languages while still not introducing all the overhead that is coming with it elsewhere, and even more important are the safety guarantees of the language, including the strong type system and the borrow checker, which make a whole category of bugs much more unlikely to happen. And thus saves you time during development but also saves your users from having their applications crash on them in the best case, or their precious data being lost or stolen.
Rust is not the panacea for everything, and not even the perfect programming language for every problem, but I believe it has a lot of potential in various areas, including multimedia software where you have to handle lots of complex formats coming from untrusted sources and still need to provide high performance.
I'm not going to write a lot about the details of the language, for that just refer to the website and very well written documentation. But, although being a very young language not developed by a Fortune 500 company (it is developed by Mozilla and many volunteers), it is nowadays being used in production already at places like Dropbox or Firefox (their MP4 demuxer, and in the near future the URL parser). It is also used by Mozilla and Samsung for their experimental, next-generation browser engine Servo.
The Code
Now let's talk a bit about how it all looks like. Apart from Rust's standard library (for all the basics and file IO), what we also use are the url crate (Rust's term for libraries) for parsing and constructing URLs, and the HTTP server/client crate called hyper.
On the C side we have all the boilerplate code for initializing a GStreamer plugin (plugin.c), which then directly calls into Rust code (lib.rs), which then calls back into C (plugin.c) for registering the actual GStreamer elements. The GStreamer elements themselves have then an implementation written in C (rssource.c and rssink.c), which is a normal GObject subclass of GstBaseSrc or GstBaseSink but instead of doing the actual work in C it is just calling into Rust code again. For that to work, some metadata is passed to the GObject class registration, including a function pointer to a Rust function that creates a new instance of the “machinery” of the element. This is then implementing the Source or Sink traits (similar to interfaces) in Rust (rssource.rs and rssink.rs):
pub trait Source: Sync + Send { fn set_uri(&mut self, uri_str: Option<&str>) -> bool; fn get_uri(&self) -> Option<String>; fn is_seekable(&self) -> bool; fn get_size(&self) -> u64; fn start(&mut self) -> bool; fn stop(&mut self) -> bool; fn fill(&mut self, offset: u64, data: &mut [u8]) -> Result<usize, GstFlowReturn>; fn do_seek(&mut self, start: u64, stop: u64) -> bool; } pub trait Sink: Sync + Send { fn set_uri(&mut self, uri_str: Option<&str>) -> bool; fn get_uri(&self) -> Option<String>; fn start(&mut self) -> bool; fn stop(&mut self) -> bool; fn render(&mut self, data: &[u8]) -> GstFlowReturn; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 pub trait Source : Sync + Send { fn set_uri ( &mut self , uri_str : Option < &str > ) -> bool ; fn get_uri ( &self ) -> Option < String > ; fn is_seekable ( &self ) -> bool ; fn get_size ( &self ) -> u64 ; fn start ( &mut self ) -> bool ; fn stop ( &mut self ) -> bool ; fn fill ( &mut self , offset : u64 , data : &mut [ u8 ] ) -> Result < usize , GstFlowReturn > ; fn do_seek ( &mut self , start : u64 , stop : u64 ) -> bool ; } pub trait Sink : Sync + Send { fn set_uri ( &mut self , uri_str : Option < &str > ) -> bool ; fn get_uri ( &self ) -> Option < String > ; fn start ( &mut self ) -> bool ; fn stop ( &mut self ) -> bool ; fn render ( &mut self , data : & [ u8 ] ) -> GstFlowReturn ; }
And these traits (plus a constructor) are in the end all that has to be implemented in Rust for the elements (rsfilesrc.rs, rsfilesink.rs and rshttpsrc.rs).
If you look at the code, it's all still a bit rough at the edges and missing many features (like actual error reporting back to GStreamer instead of printing to stderr), but it already works and the actual implementations of the elements in Rust are rather simple and fun. And even the interfacing with C code is quite convenient at the Rust level.
How to test it?
First of all you need to get Rust and Cargo, check the Rust website or your Linux distribution for details. This was all tested with the stable 1.8 release. And you need GStreamer plus the development files, any recent 1.x version should work.
# clone GIT repository git clone https://github.com/sdroege/rsplugin # build it cd rsplugin cargo build # tell GStreamer that there are new plugins in this path export GST_PLUGIN_PATH=`pwd` # this dumps the Cargo.toml file to stdout, doing all file IO from Rust gst-launch-1.0 rsfilesrc uri=file://`pwd`/Cargo.toml ! fakesink dump=1 # this dumps the Rust website to stdout, using the Rust HTTP library hyper gst-launch-1.0 rshttpsrc uri=https://www.rust-lang.org ! fakesink dump=1 # this basically implements the "cp" command and copies Cargo.toml to a new file called test gst-launch-1.0 rsfilesrc uri=file://`pwd`/Cargo.toml ! rsfilesink uri=file://`pwd`/test # this plays Big Buck Bunny via HTTP using rshttpsrc (it has a higher rank than any # other GStreamer HTTP source currently and is as such used for HTTP URIs) gst-play-1.0 http://download.blender.org/peach/bigbuckbunny_movies/big_buck_bunny_480p_h264.mov 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 # clone GIT repository git clone https : / / github .com / sdroege / rsplugin # build it cd rsplugin cargo build # tell GStreamer that there are new plugins in this path export GST_PLUGIN_PATH = ` pwd ` # this dumps the Cargo.toml file to stdout, doing all file IO from Rust gst - launch - 1.0 rsfilesrc uri = file : / / ` pwd ` / Cargo .toml ! fakesink dump = 1 # this dumps the Rust website to stdout, using the Rust HTTP library hyper gst - launch - 1.0 rshttpsrc uri = https : / / www .rust - lang .org ! fakesink dump = 1 # this basically implements the "cp" command and copies Cargo.toml to a new file called test gst - launch - 1.0 rsfilesrc uri = file : / / ` pwd ` / Cargo .toml ! rsfilesink uri = file : / / ` pwd ` / test # this plays Big Buck Bunny via HTTP using rshttpsrc (it has a higher rank than any # other GStreamer HTTP source currently and is as such used for HTTP URIs) gst - play - 1.0 http : / / download .blender .org / peach / bigbuckbunny_movies / big_buck_bunny_480p_h264 .mov
What next?
The three implemented elements are not too interesting and were mostly an experiment to see how far we can get in a weekend. But the HTTP source for example, once more features are implemented, could become useful in the long term.
Also, in my opinion, it would make sense to consider using Rust for some categories of elements like parsers, demuxers and muxers, as traditionally these elements are rather complicated and have the biggest exposure to arbitrary data coming from untrusted sources.
And maybe in the very long term, GStreamer or parts of it can be rewritten in Rust. But that's a lot of effort, so let's go step by step to see if it's actually worthwhile and build some useful things on the way there already.
For myself, the next step is going to be to implement something like GStreamer's caps system in Rust (of which I already have the start of an implementation), which will also be necessary for any elements that handle specific data and not just an arbitrary stream of bytes, and it could probably be also useful for other applications independent of GStreamer.
Issues
The main problem with the current code is that all IO is synchronous. That is, if opening the file, creating a connection, reading data from the network, etc. takes a bit longer it will block until a timeout has happened or the operation finished in one way or another.
Rust currently has no support for non-blocking IO in its standard library, and also no support for asynchronous IO. The latter is being discussed in this RFC though, but it probably will take a while until we see actual results.
While there are libraries for all of this, having to depend on an external library for this is not great as code using different async IO libraries won't compose well. Without this, Rust is still missing one big and important feature, which will definitely be needed for many applications and the lack of it might hinder adoption of the language.
A department chair at Westfield State University asked colleagues to help promulgate a list of social justice demands in advance of a student walkout last week.
Laura Baker, the chair of the Department of Education, sent the list of demands to four professors “who work with groups of students who should have the demands,” asking them to forward the demands to those students “if you think it is appropriate.”
"The lack of dialogue with students who disagree with them shows they are not open to a debate of ideas or the inclusion of all students."
[RELATED: Official school email usurped by Dean to lobby against tax reform]
According to MassLive, hundreds of students and faculty members vacated classes for about an hour last week to protest reports of racist graffiti and the assault of a minority student, during which the Education Department delivered its list of demands.
In their email prior to the rally, Baker fretted that “the student voice is missing” from the ultimatum, and asked the other professors to help them gather student input.
“Our demands are firmly planted in the commitments that we will not tolerate the behavior of those who engage in racist and violent behavior and that the elements of our institutional culture will not perpetuate the cycle of oppression for any marginalized and targeted groups,” they wrote.
[RELATED: Hawaii prof demands that colleges ‘stop hiring cis white men']
The list begins by declaring that “there must be a mandate that all faculty and staff are educated (many are mis-educated) about whiteness, white supremacy and that conversations must occur in all orientations, classes, meetings, dorms not just now in the ‘crisis,' but as structural long-term policy. Readings must be disseminated.”
In goes on to ask that the university “name the oppressions and hate actions” directly, instead of referring to them vaguely as “biases.”
The list also urges the administration to stop “acting as if a ‘few bad eggs' are the problem,” claiming that “this ignores the reality” that “racism, misogyny, homophobia, xenophobia, [and] anti-Semitism are the history of this country and are a part of WSU.”
[RELATED: Prof: ‘ALL white people are racist,' ‘ALL men are sexist']
Despite this, Baker's ultimatum subsequently calls for an “action plan for paying for vandalism” because “when campus living spaces are vandalized with hate speech, and the perpetrators are not found and held responsible, it is unjust to require that the students who pay to call these spaces home be subjected to paying the costs associated with cleaning up after such assaults.”
Baker also demands that all students be required to take courses that “specifically and explicitly address white supremacy, racism, misogyny, homophobia, [and] anti-Semitism,” and that a plan be developed to keep people of color safe on campus by implementing a system in which “a person need only to make one call and a designated safe person meets and walks the caller anywhere on campus.”
After noting that “this is not a full list of all the demands that must be made”—she alluded to the need to pressure the administration to “negotiate a contract” with the Massachusetts State College Association faculty union—Baker went on to outline the plan for the “WALK OUT.”
“Faculty and staff are to create a perimeter of protection,” they began, elaborating that they should “take pictures of any counter-protesters” because “we demand those people have a meeting with the President for an educational plan to be determined by a newly formed Committee.”
Baker then made clear that the protest organizers would not brook any dissenting opinions during the protest, saying there would be “a group at the microphone” to evaluate anyone who wishes to speak.
“This WALK OUT is not a debate about the existence of these oppressions or the need for this work,” the email concluded. “This is about changing the culture of this university.”
In a statement following the protest, WSU released a statement saying that “the university administration is equally dispirited and disheartened by these acts and is working aggressively both to apprehend those responsible and to create a more civilized and tolerant campus.”
The statement also included a set of initiatives to fight back against the recent instances of racism, including a $5,000 reward for information about the perpetrators of the assault against the minority student.
“We are not alone at Westfield State, as college and university campuses across the nation are dealing with similar acts, yet that in no way minimizes our commitment to create a better climate on campus over the coming months and years,” the statement concludes, promising that “we will review the demands made at the rally by faculty, staff, and students and will seek to work with them in meeting them, where possible.”
[RELATED: Prof: Faculty, not students, should decide who speaks on campus]
“The lack of dialogue with students who disagree with them shows they are not open to a debate of ideas or the inclusion of all students,” WSU student Matthew Sykes told Campus Reform.
“I'm conservative and have to consistently bite my tongue in fear of being failed for disagreeing,” they claimed, describing the climate on campus as being “toxic to those with different views.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @kassydillon
I Only Protested the Affordable Care Act Because the President Was Black. Please Don't Take Away My Health Insurance
Back in 2009, when the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was being debated in Congress, I was fuming with anger. How could I, a fiscal conservative, support a program that would drive down my insurance costs and cover my child's preexisting condition? It clearly was a flawed bill that would ruin small businesses.
I nearly boiled over for eight years, and rightly so. But now that President Obama has finally left office, and the Republicans want to take away my health insurance options and increase my premiums, I just want to be upfront about something.
It was never about the taxes. It was always about the president's blackness. It was super related to their race. Arguably, completely and wholly tied to race, alright? And now that the president is normal again, I'd be very grateful to be able to enjoy this health insurance and all these patient protections that have saved my small business and my child's life. So please, don't repeal the Affordable Care Act.
I was one of the early activists within what became known as the Tea Party, sending my senator hundreds of envelopes filled with nothing but tea bags. Contrary to popular belief, the black tea bags were not to symbolize the famous Boston Tea Party protesting tea taxes from the British. Rather, my black tea bags symbolized the blackness of our president.
Honestly, if I'd thought of it back then, I would have just sent my member of congress that photo of Obama at the madrasa with the words SHARIA DEATHCARE drawn in a speech bubble. That would have been much more to the point than black tea. But hindsight is 20/20, right?
Can we just pretend that white people wrote the ACA and enjoy it? Like Elvis Presley, but with healthcare. Or can we just pretend to discover that it was always a part of our healthcare system? Like when you “discover” that you've always been able to check out National Treasure for free at the library. Yea. That. But with flawed but reasonably crafted insurance marketplaces.
If Republicans really want the “W,” we can scrap Obamacare for everyone else, but just not take away my insurance. That is how health insurance works, after all. Or what if we just go with a plan that provides insurance, but is just offered by somebody more trustworthy, like Bernie Sanders or Mitt Romney? Really, I'd support anything that allows me to keep my health insurance and is also spearheaded by somebody more, um, presidential.
As a side note, whoever came up with the idea of tarnishing a reasonable, middle-class solution by attaching President Obama's name and face to it did a great job. Totally got me. But manipulating me through my deep-seated tribalism isn't a good enough reason why my 24-year-old bartender son deserves to lose their health insurance, is it? I mean, it was probably why they became a bartender, but that's beside the point. Isn't it?
In conclusion, I am sorry to everybody who I hurt complaining about death panels in 2009, the website rollout in 2013, and the corporate deep state in 2016. My bad. But can't we just keep all of these solutions now that the black person who came up with them is gone? I “hope” so.
And yes, I still firmly believe Hillarycare would have been a disaster for the economy.
- - -
Read an interview with David Bradley Isenberg about writing this piece (as well as how they dealt with some of the interesting audience response to it) over on our Patreon page.
NEW DELHI (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Air India will introduce women-only seats on its domestic flights to give female passengers more choice and comfort, said a senior official from the national carrier, rejecting claims the move was linked to reports of in-flight sex attacks.
From Wednesday, Air India will allocate six seats in the third row of its economy class cabin for solo women travelers - making it the only airline in India, and possibly the world, to take this step, said the official.
India already has policies which segregate women from men on public transport to avoid sexual harassment and molestation. Many trains - both underground and overground - have carriages reserved for women, and some buses have women-only seats.
“We are doing this as we get lots of requests by female passengers at the check-in counter who want to sit next to another woman, rather than a male passenger,” said G. Prasada Rao, Air India's general manager for corporate communications.
“It is not connected to the reports of sexual assaults. It's more to do with the fact that economy class doesn't have much space to move around easily and comfortably for women, so this option will give them more choice.”
Rao said that seats would be offered at no extra cost and would be available for up to an hour before check-in closed. The airline may also extend this policy to international flights, after measuring its effectiveness on domestic routes, they added.
Many news reports have linked Air India's decision to introduce the women-only seats to incidents of sexual assaults on the state-owned carrier over the last month.
On Dec. 21, a 40-year-old female passenger complained that a man sitting next to them groped them as they slept during a flight from Mumbai to New York.
Less than two weeks later, a female flight attendant complained of being molested and subjected to lewd language by a male passenger during a flight from Delhi to Muscat.
Both men were reported to local police upon landing.
Women and girls in India face a barrage of threats, including sexual violence whilst traveling, say activists, blaming deep-rooted patriarchal attitudes that objectify women.
There are numerous reports of women being groped or “touched up” on crowded buses or on trains and even on flights. In some cases, victims have taken to social media - posting videos and photographs of the perpetrators - to report the assaults.
It is likely that Pokémon is either going to reveal the English names of the Pokémon that were revealed in CoroCoro tomorrow when the magazine is officially released in Japan or on Saturday after Pokémon Smash airs. Since that's probably going to be the next big opportunity to see if any of the source's information is true, I thought I would post the English names they sent me right after CoroCoro leaked. Again, although in February they correctly described one of the new Electric-type moves that was revealed in CoroCoro this past weekend, we probably would all believe their information a little more if something more substantial could be verified. We'll find out soon!
The goat, Gogoat -> Gogoat . It's a goat that goes. No need to change the name I guess?
. It's a goat that goes. No need to change the name I guess? The panda, Yancham -> Panchum . Obviously “punch 'em,” with the “punch” starting out as “pan” because it's a panda.
. Obviously “punch 'em,” with the “punch” starting out as “pan” because it's a panda. The bird, Yayakoma -> Fletchling . Fletching or fledgling + hatchling?
. Fletching or fledgling + hatchling? The “lizard,” Elikiteru -> Helioptile. A heliophile is any organism attracted to sunlight, so that + reptile?
Also, I realized yesterday that although Patrice is not named after a tree like Oak, Elm, Birch, Rowan, and Juniper, the name is pronounced as “Pah-treece.” The “treece” sounds like “trees.” So there you go?
Case Notes:
Ralph Cerminara is described in some circles as ‘the self-described leader of the Australian Defence League or (ADL)', others just call them a far right wing nutcase. We will leave that up to the reader to decide.
We know Ralph Cerminara to be a liar and ‘wannabe'.  They are just another one of the new generation of fools who think they can claim operational service in Afghanistan and get away with it. This new generation 'wannabe' ingratiate themselves in various organisations by telling stories from ‘the sandpit' or how they ‘buried a couple of mates over there' so that anyone suspecting a lie is held to ridicule and abused by the wannabe or their associates.
This is the Ralph Cerminara story in a nutshell and a simple google search will help the reader understand what sort of person they really are. An active member of the Australian Defence League, Cerminara has a number of opinions which are quite disturbing. They have also appeared in the media as some sort of advocate for Defence Force Personnel.
Cerminara did serve in the Australian Army, but not with distinction. They enlisted on the 27th August 2002 and was discharged on the grounds, ‘Retention Not in the Service Interest' in September 2004. They were discharged with the rank of Gunner, equivalent to a Private Soldier.
Since their unceremonious discharge from the Army, Ralph Cerminara, also known as Ralph Ski on Twitter has made quite a name for themselves as the champion of the ADL. Look out if anyone dares to be critical of them or their policies, why? Because they are a ‘Veteran who buried their best mates' as tweeted below:
Ralph Cerminara does not only tell their lies on social media, they are more than happy to do it face to face. In June 2013 they gave a speech to the Humanist Society of NSW entitled ‘A gunner in Afghanistan' where Mr Cerminara, it was reported, served with the Australian Defence Force (ADF) in Afghanistan in 2006. Their speech, which purported them ‘Telling the truth in a world where the truth is the enemy' was certainly profound, because the truth is definitely Ralph's enemy. We know that they were discharged in 2004 and they did not serve in Afghanistan or any other overseas area during their two years of less than spectacular service.
When not mouthing far right politics, Ralph Cerminara has set themselves up as some sort of self-appointed advocate for oppressed Defence Force personnel. Now that we know the truth about their reason for discharge from the Army, it might explain why they chose to embellish the truth when speaking to the Sydney Morning Herald in March 2013.
Ralph Cerminara is nothing more than a loud mouthed bully wannabe who couldn't make it in the Army. They have found their way to the far right wing Australian Defence League and by spreading the lie that they saw service in Afghanistan, tries to use that false experience to support their distorted political views. They have no right to be called a Veteran and by making these false claims, they have committed offences against the Commonwealth:
DEFENCE ACT 1903 - SECT 80A - Falsely representing to be returned soldier, sailor or airman
(1) A person is guilty of an offence if:
(a) the person represents themselves or themselves to be a returned soldier, sailor or airman; and
(b) the representation is false.
Penalty: 30 penalty units or imprisonment for 6 months, or both.
(2) For the purposes of this section:
(a) returned soldier means a person who has served abroad during any war as a member of any Military Force raised in Australia or in any other part of the British Empire, or as a member of the Military Forces of any Ally of Great Britain.
If the Australian Defence League has any morals, they will distance themselves completely from Ralph Cerminara. They have proven themselves to be a liar and a valour thief. They have displayed so little integrity, that it is no surprise that their services with the Australian Army were terminated as "not being in the interests of the Service."
Ralph Cerminara should immediately take to social media, and their various websites and apologise to all members of the Australian Defence Force for their lies.  They are an imposter.
We doubt that they will apologise. We will eagerly wait and see if the Federal Police take an interest in their false claims of operational overseas war service and take action against him.
CERMINARA UPDATE – 08th MAY 2014
Like the proverbial bad penny, Ralph Cerminara just keeps turning up. After our recent exposure of this wannabe you would think they would take a lower profile, particularly in and around the ex-service community. But no, after posting a call to arms on Facebook, Ralph made their way to Sydney's ANZAC Dawn Service, resplendent in their ADL Tee Shirt and carefully avoiding the Artillery community who would no doubt love to catch up with him.
While at the Dawn Service, they managed to latch onto a poor unsuspecting sailor for this photo opportunity. We have disguised the identity of the unsuspecting sailor, who we know to have absolutely no association with Cerminara or their distorted political views. Trying desperately to convince the world that members of the Australian Defence Force are ready to answer their ‘call to arms'. Ralph posted the photo on the Facebook page of the Australian Defence League (ADL). Not surprisingly after our exposure, linking Ralph with the Defence Force is something the ADL is keen to distance itself from so the image was quickly removed.
This is an example of the lengths Ralph Cerminara will go to advance their aims and a timely warning for any member of the Defence Forces in uniform who maybe approached by them to avoid any photo opportunity.
Following the initial exposure, Ralph was quick to lodge a complaint with Facebook alleging that we were harassing them and demanded that their image be removed. They accused us of cyber-bullying which is quiet amusing when we read what they and their mates have been up to in recent months.
Since our first report, we have been contacted by a number of people who have had dealings with Ralph Cerminara and the information they have provided has been both illuminating and very disturbing.
Cerminara came to our notice for falsely claiming service in Afghanistan but it seems that was not their only claim to overseas service.
No Ralph, you did not go to Timor with 3RAR. Remember, you were a Gunner in Artillery, not a Rifleman in Infantry.
Cerminara enlisted on the 27th August 2002 and was terminated on 18th September 2004.
We have been contacted by a number of people who served with Ralph Cerminara during their short time in the Army and the stories they tell of their actions, conduct and behaviour are most disturbing. Regrettably, and out of profound respect for those involved we will not divulge what we have been told, suffice to say that those who know their story and suffered because of their actions can rest a little easier knowing that they have been exposed as a fake and a contemptible wannabe.
Hang your head in shame Ralph Cerminara, and never again attempt to use sacred days such as ANZAC Day to advance your own agenda. Your actions are offensive and strike at the heart of the values held dear by current and former members of the Australian Defence Force from all walks of life and who have proudly pulled on the uniform of our Country.
WASHINGTON – The next U.S. ambassador to the European Union is warning that their boss, President Donald Trump, won't take any “bull—-” from Brussels.
How's that for start to diplomacy?
Ted Malloch, Trump's pick for the post, shocked BBC presenters Sunday morning with their bluntness, predicting the impending collapse of the EU as President Trump continues to lay down the law.
During an interview with Pienaar's Politics, the economist, WND author and contributor said the time is over for “baby talk and political correctness” of EU elites such as Angela Merkel, Jean-Claude Juncker and Guy Verhofstadt.
The early Brexit backer said Trump doesn't want Germany to rule Europe.
In an extraordinary pushback, they said that whether the EU likes it or not, Trump will only deal with countries on a nation-by-nation basis. To add insult to injury, Malloch, author of “Hired: An Insider's Look at the Trump Victory” and “Davos, Aspen and Yale: My Life Behind the Elite Curtainas a Global Sherpa,” said Britain would be key to U.S. relations with the EU in the post-Brexit era. They urged Theresa May to continue their role as a bridge between the EU and the U.S.
In response to European Parliament Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt's call for rejecting Malloch's ambassadorial appointment, they said only America would choose American diplomats and if the EU dared to intervene, there would an “equal measure of response in Washington.” Verhostadt had signaled that the appointment should be rejected because of Malloch's “outrageous malevolence against the values that define this European Union.”
Do you like this guy already? Make sure you grab their two books: “Hired: An Insider's Look at the Trump Victory” and “Davos, Aspen and Yale: My Life Behind the Elite Curtainas a Global Sherpa.”
“Trump hopes that Europe succeeds completely and they want to deal with them bilaterally,” Malloch said. “But obviously, they don't want a union that is tilted towards Germany.”
When pressed how Trump would speak to the EU on a nation-by-nation basis instead of a giant bloc, they seemed to suggest the complete break-up of the political union.
“The hope is that the EU can come to some understanding and the union itself, which is in a process of adjustment, will see its role as something more of an economic integration, rather than political,” explained Malloch.
Earlier in the interview, they proclaimed that Trump is “too noble for this world.” Quoting from Shakespeare's “Coriolanus,” they said Trump's “heart is their mouth.”
“Trump won't cow down to the powers that be,” Malloch continued. “He'll speak their mind even if it gets them in trouble or is held in disregard by others. It used to be called honesty but in the age of baby talk and political correctness, and mostly bull—-, it's now regarded as dishonesty.”
Last month, the Trump insider clashed with Brussels when they said that they “helped bring about the demise of the USSR and they would like to do a similar thing with the EU.”
Get Ted Malloch's two books from the folks who published them at WND Books: “Hired: An Insider's Look at the Trump Victory” and “Davos, Aspen and Yale: My Life Behind the Elite Curtainas a Global Sherpa.”
Andrew Flintoff has announced their retirement from all forms of cricket "with disappointment and sadness". The injury-plagued all-rounder, 32, revealed the decision came after consultation with medical advisers. They said: "Having been told my body would no longer stand up to the rigours of cricket, I had no alternative." Lancashire star Flintoff played a key role in England's Ashes successes of 2005 and 2009 but had been dogged by ankle and knee problems in their career. They added in a statement: "I was told the problems I have been trying to overcome in rehab for the last year, following the latest of a series of operations, would not recover sufficiently to allow a comeback. 606: DEBATE All the best Freddie and long may you be remembered for what you were, fun, lion hearted and larger than life
BOBALIZARD "I would like to thank my family, Lancashire, England, all my sponsors, friends and advisers for all the help and support they have given me throughout my career. "Last, but by no means least, I am indebted to the encouragement and support I have always received from England's magnificent supporters. "I will now be taking a break before deciding which future direction to take." Flintoff retired from Test cricket at the end of the 2009 Ashes series, having a second knee operation two days later, while turning down the offer of a new central contract from the England and Wales Cricket Board. However, they repeatedly expressed their desire "to be the best one-day player in the world" and underlined their continued commitment to their country for limited-overs matches. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Flintoff signed a new three-year contract with Lancashire in November 2009 while undergoing injury rehabilitation in Dubai but was forced to call off a planned comeback for the county's 2nd XI this summer. Although they were named in Indian Premier League side Chennai Super Kings' provisional squad for the Champions League Twenty20 and their agent Andrew Chandler revealed that Flintoff was close to signing a deal to play domestic Twenty20 cricket for Queensland, fears grew that they might never represent England again. And after electing to turn down a third knee operation, they have decided to end their professional playing career. In 79 Tests, they scored 3,845 runs at an average of 31.77, with five centuries - and although they captured 226 wickets at 32.78, they only took five wickets in an innings on three occasions. Born in Preston, Flintoff made their reputation in schoolboy cricket as a hard-hitting right-hander and right-arm fast bowler. Nicknamed 'Freddie' after cartoon character Fred Flintstone, they made their Test debut against South Africa in July 1998 at the age of 20. England had struggled for much of the 1990s as Australia became the pre-eminent power of the cricketing world and Flintoff was the latest of a number of all-rounders weighed down under the expectation of being "the new Ian Botham". Comparisons with Botham, England's talismanic all-rounder of the 1970s and 1980s, were inevitably made throughout Flintoff's career as both were capable of changing a match with the bat or the ball but also attracted many headlines for their off-field exploits. In their early career, Flintoff was often criticised for carrying too much weight - and their famous response was to celebrate a one-day international victory over India in Mumbai in 2002 by removing their shirt and waving it above their head. FLINTOFF - THE NUMBERS 79 Tests - 3,845 runs (average 31.77), 5 centuries, 226 wickets (average 32.78), 52 catches The Highest Test score: 167 v West Indies, Edgbaston, 2004 Best Test bowling: 5-58 v West Indies, Barbados, 2004 141 one-day internationals - 3,394 runs (average 32.01), 3 centuries, 169 wickets (average 24.38), 47 catches Highest ODI score: 123 v West Indies, 2004 Best ODI bowling: 5-19 v West Indies, 2009 Injuries had deprived them of the chance to play against Australia in their early England career - but as the side grew in confidence under coach Duncan Fletcher, the Lancastrian's finest hour came in 2005. England won an epic series 2-1, and Flintoff's heroic performances earned them the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award. The sight of the big all-rounder consoling Australia's Brett Lee after England's narrow victory in the thrilling second Test became the iconic picture of the series - but they were never to reach those heady heights again. In 2006, with captain Michael Vaughan sidelined by debilitating knee injuries and vice-captain Marcus Trescothick forced home by the illness that would curtail their international career, Flintoff captained England for the first time in India. With Vaughan still absent, Flintoff was chosen ahead of Andrew Strauss as captain for England's ill-fated 2006-07 Ashes defence in Australia. The tourists slumped to a humiliating 5-0 defeat, while Fletcher later revealed that they had to discipline the stand-in skipper for turning up to a practice session with a hangover. Flintoff's off-field behaviour also hit the headlines at the 2007 World Cup in the Caribbean, when they were stripped of the vice-captaincy after a drunken late-night escapade in St Lucia involving a pedalo - memorably dubbed the 'Fredalo' incident. In the latter years of their career, the wear and tear on their body meant Flintoff's injury problems began to mount. Although their batting statistics declined, they remained capable of a devastating game-changing spell with the ball and was usually a safe pair of hands in the slips. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. As the riches available in Twenty20 cricket increased, it was no surprise when they became the joint most expensive cricketer in the Indian Premier League, when Chennai paid US $1.55m (£1.1m) for their services, although they and the other England players were only available for part of the IPL season and were paid pro rata. It was even less of a surprise when they returned early from the IPL after picking up a knee injury and missed the ICC World Twenty20 - but Flintoff roused their ailing body for one last battle with Australia in the 2009 Ashes series. Despite announcing before the second Test at Lord's that they would be quitting the five-day game at the end of that series, they produced a devastating spell on the final morning of that Test, taking 5-92 in a 115-run victory. Their last Test hurrah came at The Oval, where they memorably ran out Australia captain Ricky Ponting with a direct hit from mid-off on the day the Ashes were regained. Flintoff played in the World Cups of 1999, 2003 and 2007. In 141 one-day internationals, they scored 3,394 runs at an average of 32.01, while taking 169 wickets at 24.38.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Recently, the Washington Post , Yahoo News, Time , the Columbia Journal Review and a host of other news organizations reported on a Recently, the, Yahoo News,, theand a host of other news organizations reported on a Center for Public Integrity study detailing the federal campaign-finance filings of journalists, reporters, news editors, television news anchors and other donors working in journalism. The study found that 96 percent of those contributions – or about $382,000 – went to the presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton, while the remainder went to Donald Trump.
But as we enter the final days of the most heated presidential campaign in modern U.S. history, not only major news agencies, but also their presidential polling partners, find themselves under increased scrutiny.
There is no evidence that any of the polling firms concerned have juiced their surveys or numbers in any way. Most pollsters, including those listed here, make much of their money doing corporate work and surveys, not political polling. . There is no evidence that any of the polling firms concerned have juiced their surveys or numbers in any way. Most pollsters, including those listed here, make much of their money doing corporate work and surveys, not political polling. However, perhaps there is an argument to be made for transparency among polling companies as to their donations – and journalists should be equally open
Get our exclusive newsletter—the best of Heat Street every day
The Center for Public Integrity study concluded: “ Conventional journalistic wisdom holds that reporters and editors are referees on politics' playing field — bastions of neutrality who mustn't root for Team Red or Team Blue, either in word or deed. But during this decidedly unconventional election season, during which “the media” The Center for Public Integrity study concluded:Conventional journalistic wisdom holds that reporters and editors are referees on politics' playing field — bastions of neutrality who mustn't root for Team Red or Team Blue, either in word or deed. But during this decidedly unconventional election season, during which “the media” has itself become a prominent storyline , several hundred news professionals have aligned themselves with Clinton or Trump by personally donating money to one or the other.”
Federal Election Commission campaign-finance records show that top-level executives at some polling firms conducting presidential polls for major news agencies have contributed hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Democratic Party and to Hillary Clinton's campaign in this election cycle. The volume and dollar amount of these contributions appear to vastly outweigh contributions made to Republicans and the Trump campaign. Numbers given here are approximinate
NBC/Survey Monkey
A search of FEC records shows that Survey Monkey employees have given $646,000– or approximately 96 percent of all their contributions – to Democratic Party candidates, committees and causes since 2004. They contributed $27,500 to Republican candidates, committees and causes over that same period of time.
Advertisement
– The current chief executive officer of Survey Monkey, Zander Lurie, contributed $72,200 to Clinton campaign and $30,700 to the Democratic National Committee in 2016. (Notably, its previous CEO, David Goldberg, who died suddenly in May 2015, was a Republican donor, giving $15,000 to the Rubio campaign and also donating to Paul Ryan and Carly Fiorina, among others.)
– Survey Monkey's senior vice president of global sales & strategies contributed $65,000 to Clinton campaign and $30,700 to the DNC in 2016.
– Survey Monkey employees contributed a total of approximately $125 to Marco Rubio in 2016, Republican candidates in 2016 (Marco Rubio)
– The founder of Survey Monkey contributed approximately $4,000 to the Democratic Parties of Ohio, Iowa, North Carolina, Florida, Nevada, Virginia, New Hampshire and Colorado in 2012, also giving more than $121,000 to the DNC since 2004.
– No contributions are reported to the Trump campaign.
ABC News Tracking
A search of FEC records shows that employees at ABC News polling partner, Abt-SRBI, gave 100 percent of their political contributions to Democratic Party candidates, committees and causes. Dollar amounts were mostly small, and we note that the vast majority of contributions were donated by one contributor.
– There were 58 contributions totaling nearly $7,500 since 2008
– Of those, 93 percent of the contributions, totaling more than $5,600 came from a single donor, opinion researcher Michael Goldstein. They gave to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, Obama/Biden, Bernie Sanders, Al Franken, Howard Dean's Democracy for America PAC and Progressive Change Campaign PAC.
– No contributions are reported to Republican candidates, committees or causes.
A search of FEC records shows no political contributions from employees of Langer Research Associates, which also partners with ABC News for its tracking poll.
Reuters/IPSOS
A search of FEC records shows that employees at IPSOS, Reuters' polling partner, made over 55 individual contributions to the Clinton campaign in this election cycle totaling approximately $5,000. Also:
– IPSOS employees have made approximately $23,000 in total contributions since 2004 – about 75 percent of that going to Democratic candidates, committees and causes.
– No contributions are reported to Republican candidates, committees or causes.
Some media organizations' polling partners, however, appeared to show no significant contributions either way, including companies that are the polling partners for the New York Times, CNN, Fox News, ABC News, the Economist and Investor's Business Daily.
CBS News/NY Times
CBS News and the New York Times partner with SSRS for their polling. A search of FEC records shows that Susan Sherr-Pollard, the vice president of demographic & policy research at SSRS, has made two very minor contributions, totaling just over $500, to Hillary Clinton's campaign in July and September of 2016.
The FEC campaign contributions database is open to the public and can be searched by employer, occupation or individual name at: The FEC campaign contributions database is open to the public and can be searched by employer, occupation or individual name at: http://www.fec.gov/finance/disclosure/advindsea.shtml
Xbox Australia with Triple Eight Race Engineering today announced that they are launching the Xbox One Racing Team in the 2013 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000. To celebrate, Xbox Australia and Turn 10 Studios, the makers of the “Forza Motorsport” series, have also announced the Bathurst track, Mount Panorama, will be included in the highly-anticipated racing game, “Forza Motorsport 5” set to launch exclusively for Xbox One on Nov. 22, 2013.
The Xbox One Racing car is the latest Holden VF Commodore and comes equipped with a 5.0 litre naturally aspirated V8 Holden, which has an estimated output of 640bhp and a top speed of almost 300kph. The car will be driven by international champion race car drivers Andy Priaulx (UK) and Mattias Ekström (Switzerland). The Xbox One Racing Team will be accompanied by the support of Xbox ambassador and Team mentor, Mark Skaife and Triple Eight Race Engineering Team Owner, Roland Dane.
Developed by Turn 10 Studios, “Forza Motorsport 5” is a cinematic automotive journey designed exclusively for the Xbox One, and the team is excited to bring Bathurst to the title.
Dan Greenawalt, Creative Director at Turn 10 Studios said, “Few circuits have been requested more by the worldwide Forza fanbase than Bathurst, and for good reason. It holds a special place in motorsports history as one of the most demanding and challenging circuits in the world. In addition, the timing couldn't be better to finally bring Bathurst to the Forza series; with ‘Forza Motorsport 5', we're able to bring the circuit to life in a way that nobody else can. “Through the use of cutting-edge technology like laser-scanning and our new materials-based graphics engine, we can now precisely reproduce the characteristics of every corner, straight and detail to sub-centimeter accuracy; from the narrow twists and turns of the Esses, to the thrilling rollercoaster sprint down the Conrod Straight. This is the Bathurst that racing fans have been asking for years and we're proud to bring it to them in ‘Forza Motorsport 5.'”
On Oct. 10-13, fans will be able to catch a real-life glimpse of the newest circuit featured in “Forza Motorsport 5” before it launches exclusively on Xbox One in November.
How have things changed under Hugo Chávez, who died yesterday?
By looking at key indicators we can see that poverty levels and illiteracy have fallen but violent crime and inflation has increased.
Using data gathered from sources such as the World Bank, the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR), International Monetary Fund (IMF), Reuters, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), the US Energy Information Administration (eia), the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) and the Instituto Nacional de Estadística, we have been able to gather a variety of key indicators that show how Venezuela has changed since 1999 when Chávez first assumed office. We've used the most recent data where possible.
Click on the above graphic to see a full size version. You can explore our interactive version of the key figures too. So what does the data show?
• Unemployment has dropped from 14.5% of the total labour force in 1999 to 7.6% in 2009
• Population has increased from 23,867,000 in 1999 to 29,278,000 in 2011. The annual population growth was 1.5% in 2011 compared with 1.9% in 1999
• GDP per capita has risen from $4,105 to $10,801 in 2011
• As you can see in the graphic chart, Venezuela's inflation has fluctuated since 1999. Inflation now stands at 31.6% compared with 23.6% in 1999
• Venezuela has a complicated history concerning currency exchange rates. Compared with 1999 when the exchange rate was under one bolivar to the US dollar, the latest figures from Reuters place it at 4.3 Bolivars to one dollar
• Poverty has decreased - in 1999, 23.4% of the population were recorded as being in extreme poverty, this fell to 8.5% in 2011 according to official government figures
• Infant mortality is now lower than in 1999 - from a rate of 20 per 1,000 live births then to a rate of 13 per 1,000 live births in 2011
• Violence has been a key concern in Venezuela for some time - figures from the UNODC state that the murder rate has risen since 1999. In 2011 the intentional homicide rate per 100,000 population was 45.1 compared with 25.0 just twelve years earlier
• Oil exports have boomed - Venezuela has one of the top proven oil reserves in the world and in 2011 Opec put the country's net oil export revenues at $60bn. In 1999 it stood at $14.4bn
The table below shows some of the key indicators used in the graphic and in this post. The downloadable spreadsheet has the full data behind the currency exchange and inflation charts as well as all the numbers seen here. What can you do with this data?
Venezuela - key indicators Click heading to sort table. Download this data Indicator 1999 2009 2010 2011 2012 Population growth (annual%) 1.9 1.5 Population, total 23,867,000 29,278,000 GDP per capita (current US$) 4,105 10,810 Unemployment, total (% of total labor force) 14.5 7.6 Colombian refugees (and people in refugee-like situations) in Venezuela 50 201,941 Mortality rate, infant (per 1,000 live births) 20 13 Households (% of total declared) Extreme poverty - second half 19.3 7 Population (% of total declared) Extreme poverty-second half 23.4 8.5 OPEC Net Oil Export Revenues, Nominal (billion $) 14.4 60 Inflation, average consumer prices (Percent change) 23.57 27.08 28.19 26.09 31.56 Intentional homicide, number per 100,000 5,968 13,080 Intentional homicide, rate per 100,000 25 45.1 Currency exchange rate (Bolivars to one dollar) 0.56 4.29
• DATA: download the full spreadsheet
NEW! Buy our book
• Facts are Sacred: the power of data (on Kindle)
More open data
Data journalism and data visualisations from the Guardian
World government data
• Search the world's government data with our gateway
Development and aid data
• Search the world's global development data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data?
• Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group
• Contact us at data@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A-Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
• Like us on Facebook
Spread the love
Lompoc, CA – The city of Lompoc is demonstrating how government can and will retaliate against its own citizens when they dare to challenge even the smallest mistake made by government — road work.
Elaine Valla and Lompoc councilman James Mosby intend to put a stop to it in their city. According to the Lompoc Record:
“Lompoc resident Elaine Valla, who owns several properties in the city, said they had gone decades without receiving any notices related to code enforcement violations. That all changed, they said, about five years ago when they complained to the city about what they felt was inadequate street construction work that was done by city crews near one of their properties.”
Valla said the road work created a large bump at one of their properties, making it inaccessible without a large truck. Understandably, they and their late husband refused to sign the completed work form, and that's when the trouble started.
Valla began receiving notices of code violations at multiple properties, often for the most trivial of things. This included a barbecue pit left near a trash can, tenants having tires parked partially on gravel, having a portable basketball hoop and an old toilet being left in plain view while one property was being renovated.
Valla was ordered to stop work at the property until they got a permit to replace the toilet. They promptly went to get the ridiculous permit to avoid further costs in construction delays.
In May we described how government takes away your right to do something and sells it back to you as a “license.” The same applies to the notion of requiring a “permit” for everyday things such as toilets.
“It's just been a lot of stupid little things,” Valla said. “They decided they were gonna hassle me for every little thing.”
They have been battling the city over the incessant, petty charges of code violations for five years, and it's cost them $48,000 in rent during that time. More significant, though, is the mental toll of dealing with government run amok.
Councilman Mosby put it in plain terms, saying, Valla was “a victim of payback from the city.”
“People feel that if they make noise, the city is using code enforcement to silence them,” Mosby went on to say. “A lot of people are feeling harassed.
“What I've been concerned with is that it's changing the flavor of the town. It's separating (the city) into ‘us vs. them,' and that's not how it's supposed to be. We're supposed to work together toward a common goal and we're not doing that.”
Mosby has also been subject to repeated targeting by the city at their own properties in Lompoc, after Mayor Bob Lingl promised in 2014 to be more “proactive” in code enforcement policy.
As a result, the number of code enforcement cases “nearly tripled from 307 in the 2011-12 fiscal year to 915 in the 2015-16 fiscal year.” Targeted residents note that the way policy is interpreted has changed in the last couple of years.
It's an example of how government—despite all the claims of justness and fairness in applying the law of the land—does what it wants to the citizenry, when it wants. Intimidation and retaliation are indeed tools of the state when people dare to question. It happens at every level of government, from federal to state to local.
City Manager Patrick Wiemiller, of course, doesn't think there is anything retaliatory in the way code enforcement is being applied.
“I have never heard that allegation before, so my only response to such an allegation would be to ask for details from nonanonymous people with firsthand knowledge of facts to step forward so that I may investigate,” said WieMiller.
After eight months of trying, Councilman Mosby managed to get the issue of code enforcement included as a topic of the July 19 meeting. Many residents voiced their concerns at the “testy” meeting about being targeted, but no votes were held on the matter.
One councilman said the city should be held accountable for code violations at an old city pool building.
Time will tell whether the city will acknowledge the financial and mental toll their harassment has taken on the residents of Lompoc.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange promised he's not done leaking information that could be damaging to Hillary Clinton. During an interview yesterday with Fox's Megyn Kelly they said the documents would be “significant” in perhaps turning the tide of the 2016 election by giving voters a better understanding who they're electing.
According to Assange:
We have a lot of pages of material, thousands of pages of material. I don't want to give the game away, but it's a variety of different types of documents from different institutions that are associated with the election campaign. There are some unexpected angles that are quite interesting, and some that are even entertaining.
I think our definition of “entertaining” might differ.
Assange wasn't asked about WikiLeaks' departure from standards it once held itself to. In the previous three data leaks, the organization published dozens of credit card and social security numbers for people that weren't implicated in the leak itself.
It's also faced criticism recently for putting women in danger after leaking the Erdoğan emails from the Turkish government earlier this year.
Assange disagrees with the criticism.
They told CNN's Jake Tapper:
We have a 10 year history of publishing pristine archives under the rubric of ‘scientific journalism'—which we invented. The readers can check the accuracy of any story, and that material can go on to be used in litigations and prosecutions.
He's not wrong. WikiLeaks has had a stellar reputation thus far when it comes to truth. Lately though, the organization seems to have taken liberties with some of its previous ethical standards in favor of creating a more compelling story. The information is still accurate, but as evidenced in this tweet — it's bordering on sensationalist and perhaps even intentionally misleading.
For now though, the world lies in wait to see what Assange offers next.
via Gizmodo
Assange vows Clinton email release, as storm clouds gather for candidate on Fox News
Read next: Apple patented a way to catch thieves via Touch ID
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
In the two weeks since they raised their right hand and swore to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States, Donald Trump has shut down the entire refugee program for 120 days; pledged that Christian refugees would be given priority when the program resumes; blocked visas to visitors from seven Muslim countries; granted immigration officials power to deny entry to green-card holders from those Muslim countries; promised to publish a weekly list of crimes committed by immigrants; redefined the category of “criminals subject to deportation” to include people whoICE considers a security risk even if they haven't been charged or convicted of a crime; and threatened to withhold federal grant money from sanctuary cities if they don't comply with their executive orders. Ad Policy Related Articles Resistance Trumps Hate as Protesters Rally Against Anti-Immigrant Executive Orders Alex Kane This Is the Beginning of Donald Trump's Muslim Ban Julianne Hing
All this is immoral. There is reason to believe that it is illegal as well. The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 abolished the use of national origins in immigration quotas, choosing instead to make skills and family relationships the primary criteria by which an applicant can be judged. Establishing a religious test for refugees runs counter to the values of a country founded on the idea of religious freedom. As for permanent residents, they're entitled to the protections guaranteed by the Constitution. A federal judge in New York agrees: A day after the ban went into effect and Muslim travelers were detained at airports, they issued an emergency stay.
Trump's ban currently affects seven countries: Syria, Iraq, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Libya, and Yemen. At least since 1975, not one fatal terrorist attack inside the United States has been committed by a national from these countries. In fact, with the exception of Iran, the United States has bombed every one of these countries. The administration's position is clear: We will destroy your homes in our search for terrorists, and if you flee either the bombing or the terrorists, we will close our borders to you. This executive order does not improve the safety of Americans. Quite the opposite: It endangers Americans, because it serves as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
On the day Trump announced their ban, my daughter's class went on a field trip to the Holocaust Museum in Los Angeles. They returned from school deeply affected by the experience. It seemed incomprehensible to them that people stood by while members of a religious group were marched to death camps. At dinner, when our conversation turned to the executive orders, they worried that the president might deport us. “He can't deport you, you were born here,” I said. “But what about you?” they asked. “He can't,” I insisted, “I'm a citizen.”
I only said this to comfort them The truth is that I am not at all confident that my US passport will protect me. Who is to say what other countries Trump might target next? Who is to say that the ban might not be expanded to naturalized citizens? Some of my friends tell me the president can't do anything. It would be unconstitutional, they say. But we have known for many months that Trump's businesses around the world pose conflicts of interest, which would put them in violation of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution. They promised several times to resolve these conflicts, but they haven't. In addition, they reportedly continue to use an unsecured Android phone inside the White House, which puts them at risk of surveillance from foreign powers and violates the Presidential Records Acts.
It's nice to be able to appeal to the Constitution, but if our representatives have done nothing to enforce it so far, why should I believe that they'll do something if Trump comes after people like me? The executive orders are not a surprise: They're a fulfillment of promises they made during their campaign. Back then, when Trump was nothing more than a charismatic reality-television star, Mike Pence declared, “Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are offensive and unconstitutional.” Mitch McConnell said the ban was “completely and totally inconsistent with American values.” And Paul Ryan said, “A religious test for entering our country is not reflective of America's fundamental values. I reject it.” Where are they now? Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
For that matter, where are the Democrats? On the day of Trump's inauguration, I flew with my family to Washington to take part in the women's march. We wanted to take a stand against the president's sexism and bigotry. Our message was Resist. But the message Senate Democrats seemed to have received was Enable. Many of them voted in favor of some—or even all—of Trump's nominees. To be clear, Trump's appointees will be confirmed anyhow by a Republican-controlled Senate. All Senate Democrats could do was take a stand. And they didn't. Now, with protests starting at many international airports, several Democrats have issued statements against the ban (and a few have joined the protests). But we need more action, not just condemnation.
Meanwhile, Trump froze all pending federal regulations, pledged to cut taxes “massively,” suspended government hiring, brought back the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines, forbade the EPA and USDA from sharing information with the public, barred American aid from being given to groups that provide abortion overseas, repeated their lie that “millions” voted illegally and ordered an investigation into voter fraud, told Congress they plan to build a wall along the Mexico border at a cost of at least $15 billion, shut down the White House comment phone line, and sent out a press release filled with praiseful quotes about himself.
We are living under a form of shock and awe. The goal of this administration is to overwhelm us with so many punitive orders, racist policies, outright fabrications, and silly controversies that we lose the spirit to fight. Many a morning since the election, I've woken up with the paralyzing fear of what the president might have done overnight, some new fight they might have picked with a nuclear power, a diplomatic agreement they might have abrogated, journalists or press organizations they might have attacked. I know I'm not alone. The worse the news gets, the more tempting it is to turn away from it. But what we're facing is the rapid dismantling of political norms and the destruction of an open democracy.
If Trump can do all this and face no opposition, he'll do more. Silence will not protect you. If you think what is happening to Muslims will never happen to you, you're mistaken. We will either survive together or perish separately.
Steam bans can now be handed down from game developers themselves, it has emerged. Previously bans could only come from Valve itself, but now those making the games can ask those running Steam to kick someone out, with Valve enforcing those wishes.
As posted over on the Steam Community: "In order to ensure the best possible online multiplayer experience, Valve allows developers to implement their own systems that detect and permanently ban any disruptive players, such as those using cheats."
Devs inform Valve, Valve bans the account, the banned party is to direct their complaints straight to the developer rather than Valve, as "the game developer is solely responsible for the decision to apply a game ban. Valve only enforces the game ban as instructed by the game developer."
It would feel a bit like passing the buck were it not for the fact that Steam has thousands of games on it - that's way too many for one company to police by itself. Hopefully this won't lead to a ton of rash or incorrect bans, and hopefully it will mean games with dysfunctional, cheat-ridden multiplayer modes will be more likely to see a cleansing.
More Americans View Blacks As Racist Than Whites, Hispanics
Americans consider blacks more likely to be racist than whites and Hispanics in this country.
Thirty-seven percent (37%) of American Adults think most black Americans are racist, according to a new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey. Just 15% consider most white Americans racist, while 18% say the same of most Hispanic Americans. (To see survey question wording, click here.)
There is a huge ideological difference on this topic. Among conservative Americans, 49% consider most blacks racist, and only 12% see most whites that way. Among liberal voters, 27% see most white Americans as racist, and 21% say the same about black Americans.
From a partisan perspective, 49% of Republicans see most black Americans as racist, along with 36% of unaffiliated adults and 29% of Democrats.
Among black Americans, 31% think most blacks are racist, while 24% consider most whites racist and 15% view most Hispanics that way.
Among white adults, 10% think most white Americans are racist; 38% believe most blacks are racist, and 17% say most Hispanics are racist.
Overall, just 30% of all Americans now rate race relations in the United States as good or excellent. Fourteen percent (14%) describe them as poor. Twenty-nine percent (29%) think race relations are getting better, while 32% believe they are getting worse. Thirty-five percent (35%) feel they are staying about the same.
These figures reflect more pessimism than was found in April when 42% gave race relations positive marks and 39% said race relations were improving. However, the April number reflected all-time highs while the current numbers are more consistent with the general attitudes of recent years.
(Want a free daily e-mail update? If it's in the news, it's in our polls). Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook.
The survey of 1,000 Adults was conducted on July 1-2, 2013 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence. Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, LLC. See methodology.
The U.S. Supreme Court recently killed a key portion of the Voting Rights Act as unconstitutional and sent a lawsuit challenging the University of Texas' use of race as a factor in admissions back to the appellate court level for further review. Most Americans believe affirmative action admissions policies discriminate against whites, as the lawsuit argues, and think it's better for colleges and universities to accept the most qualified students.
This is consistent with public resistance to all special preferences. Only 30% think it's fair for colleges and universities to give preferences to children of large donors. Just 38% think it is fair for the children of previous students to have a special advantage in the admissions process.
Following those decisions and a big ruling on same-sex marriage, public approval of the U.S. Supreme Court has fallen to the lowest level ever recorded in more than nine years of polling.
Blacks are slightly more optimistic about the current state of race relations in American than whites and Hispanics are. But 37% of blacks and 38% of Hispanics believe those relations are getting worse, compared to 29% of whites.
Liberals are more confident than conservatives that race relations are getting better.
Forty-five percent (45%) of voters believe the U.S. justice system is fair to most Americans, but just 34% think it is fair to poor Americans. Forty-five percent (45%) consider the justice system fair to black and Hispanic Americans.
Most voters continue to believe the U.S. economy is fair to women, blacks and Hispanics but are now evenly divided when asked if it's fair to lower-income Americans. However, they still think all four groups are treated better than the middle class.
Additional information from this survey and a full demographic breakdown are available to Platinum Members only.
Please sign up for the Rasmussen Reports daily e-mail update (it's free) or follow us on Twitter or Facebook. Let us keep you up to date with the latest public opinion news.
The survey of 1,000 Adults was conducted on July 1-2, 2013 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence. Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, LLC. See methodology.
PILIBHIT: Vijay Mallya's Pilibhit-based “guarantor”, farmer Manmohan Singh, has served a legal notice on the Mumbai regional office of Bank of Baroda (BoB) as well as its local branch for recently freezing two of their bank accounts. Charging them for defamation, Singh has claimed Rs 10 lakh in compen-sation within 30 days.In December, the Mumbai regional office of the bank had “traced” Singh, a farmer from village Khajuria Naviram, and claimed they were one of the “guarantors” in the former liquor baron's Rs 550 crore loan. After this, BoB had instructed the local Nand branch to freeze Singh's saving account (number 01/4637) and restrict operations of their crop loan account (number 01/3881).The bank had not relied upon Singh's statements, which they kept producing before the bank's officials, explaining how “he hadn't even heard of Vijay Mallya and there was no way I could be on their board of directors.” Singh's advocate Ram Pal Gangwar told TOI on Friday, “We have asked the bank to explain how they managed to establish my client as Mallya's guarantor. We also asked them to disclose the findings that finally led them to relieve Singh of the charges.”Gangwar said, “The act of the bank has not only caused stress, but also defamed my client. It has raised questions on their integrity. We want the bank to a pay Rs 10 lakh for def-amation, and Rs 24,000 as reparation of the loss they bore on the sale of their crop to non-government agencies due to the restriction on the operation of their bank accounts.”“After we sell our yield to government agencies, the payment comes through cheque. Without a working account, I had to sell my sugar-cane and wheat yield to non-government agencies on far lower prices, and as such suf-fered a loss of Rs 1 lakh. That means a lot to a small-time farmer like me. I also have an ongoing crop loan and lost subsidy on the interest on my Kisan Credit Card,” they said.
The western world tends to view Asian tea culture as classical and rigidly traditional. While this can be true for certain geographical regions or rituals i.e. Japanese tea ceremony; much of this idea should be discarded for the ever-changing Chinese and Taiwanese tea. Since the first tea bushes were planted on Taiwan, Taiwanese tea has been extremely dynamic with dramatic changes in style. Some of this has included clever experimentation (Gui Fei Mei Ren) but most if not all can be viewed through the lense of economics and history.
A Historical Summation of Tea in Taiwan
Mid 1800s – Tea was introduced to Taiwan. Origin stories vary. Tea was primarily processed in a style similar to Wuyi tea. This style featured low oxidation and tea was even sometimes shipped to China for the final steps of processing. During this period it was exported to the west (Europe/America).
– Tea was introduced to Taiwan. Origin stories vary. Tea was primarily processed in a style similar to Wuyi tea. This style featured low oxidation and tea was even sometimes shipped to China for the final steps of processing. During this period it was exported to the west (Europe/America). 1895-1945 – The Japanese occupation of Taiwan. The Japanese brought the Assamica varietal from India to begin production of black tea for exportation (black tea has a longer expiration date!). This was so as not to compete with Japanese green tea and to satisfy western demand for black tea. TRES was established and infrastructure was developed.
– The Japanese occupation of Taiwan. The Japanese brought the Assamica varietal from India to begin production of black tea for exportation (black tea has a longer expiration date!). This was so as not to compete with Japanese green tea and to satisfy western demand for black tea. TRES was established and infrastructure was developed. 1945-1970s – Production shifts primarily to Green Tea for export (similar to neighboring countries).
– Production shifts primarily to Green Tea for export (similar to neighboring countries). 1970s – A transition period. As the cost of living within Taiwan rose, Taiwan struggled to compete with Chinese and Japanese green tea for exportation. The government invests heavily into the tea industry refocusing it towards oolongs, the local favorite. The Taiwanese oolong of this area is generally much more oxidized than present day oolongs, see traditional baozhong or hung shui. The vast majority of Taiwanese tea is exported, although this is changing.
– A transition period. As the cost of living within Taiwan rose, Taiwan struggled to compete with Chinese and Japanese green tea for exportation. The government invests heavily into the tea industry refocusing it towards oolongs, the local favorite. The Taiwanese oolong of this area is generally much more oxidized than present day oolongs, see traditional baozhong or hung shui. The vast majority of Taiwanese tea is exported, although this is changing. 1980s-present – The push up the mountain and the creation of gaoshan. Before now, tea was almost exclusively grown at lower elevations (Dong-Ding was the highest elevation growing area until the 80s!). Because of the higher elevation, Gaoshan grows slower than lower-elevation areas and has more complexity. The focus is on quality over quantity.
Yearly Production, Consumption, and Export (Thousands of Tons)
Production Consumption For Export Taiwan 18.5 15.6 (84%) 2.9 (16%) China 1250 935 (75%) 315 (25%) India 1080 855 (79%) 225 (21%)
To make up for its relatively small industry size. The Taiwanese Tea industry focuses a greater portion of its industry on high-quality, premium tea than China or India. Source: Tea: History Terroirs, Varieties
Fast-forward to today and tea is a major industry in Taiwan and has become increasingly self-sufficient. The local government invests heavily in both the agricultural portion of the industry and local tea appreciation (competitions, festivals, etc.). Taiwan consumes nearly 90% of their tea (Taiwan imports even more than they grow!) and produces almost exclusively oolong tea (93% oolong). What is exported is usually the top-end stuff (DYL 105K, Fushoushan, competition teas, etc.). Meanwhile with worldwide technological advances increases in technology it no longer takes six months on a rickety old boat to transport tea to Europe or the Americas.
So what does this all mean? (1) Most tea is consumed locally and (2) shipping time for Taiwanese teas has gone down dramatically because of reason 1 and globally due to technological advancement. These two factors as well as the consumer's changing tastes have lead to the dramatic rise in popularity of the nuclear green oolong. A nuclear green oolong can be defined as a green oolong with extremely minimal oxidation (very close to the unoxidized green tea). Another, less glamorous and not totally synonymous term usually reserved for pu'erh is maocha. Maocha refers to teas that need additional processing before being consumed. Maocha can be thought of as tea directly from the processing plants immediately after drying (skipping steps required for finishing: trimming, roasting, and sorting).
How Common is Nuclear Green Oolong/Maocha?
Simply put.. Very, very common. Tony of Origin Tea has told me that well over half of the premium tea in Taiwan classifies as maocha. Why is this tea especially common amongst pricy, premium teas? This is largely market driven. The higher-elevations of the Da Yu Ling, Lishan, and high-mountain tea regions create far slower-growing conditions. Farmers working at these elevations will also usually use slower-growing cultivars. Cliffy terrain (especially in Shan Li Xi/Da Yu Ling) also help to contribute the difficulty and relatively small size of high-mountain harvests. The end result: less tea. The growing conditions cause farmers to sell their tea at a premium cost. This makes nuclear green maocha especially appealing to risk-adverse, high-elevation farmers with a relatively small but valuable yield. As long as people will purchase up their maocha, there is no need for the farmer (or anyone else!) to take the risk of “finishing” the tea.
A frequently referenced problem with unoxidized green tea and the minimally oxidized nuclear green oolong is the quick degradation of tea quality as time passes. A large amount of this premium tea is exported (China/Japan). Nevertheless this problem has been mitigated with fast air shipping and vacuum sealed bags have helped to mitigate the problem of transportation time and enable the timely consumption of minimally processed oolongs around the world.
Why Do People Like Nuclear Green Oolong??
Maocha or nuclear green oolong itself doesn't necessarily make for bad tea. Lin's farm known as DYL 105K (famous for being Taiwan's highest elevation growing location) always produces tea in this minimal style. Green tea is the most popular type of tea in nearby China, Japan, and Korea and these green oolongs are Taiwan's answer to their unoxidized cousins. Consumed fresh, maocha can be an extremely tasty and appealing due to its fragrance and aroma. These types of pleasures are more immediately alluring and especially appealing to newcomers to tea.
This trend is also driven by the consumers of premium Taiwanese tea. Even though, Taiwan consumes enormous amounts of tea, most of Taiwan's exportation of tea is premium high-mountain tea (especially after the financial crash of 2008). The chief importers are China and Japan. Japan itself produces 90% green tea, nearly all of it consumed domestically. China also produces over 70% green tea and is undergoing a similar trend with nuclear green Tieguanyin. Minimally oxidized tea requires less processing and work for the farmers. Less processing, it looks, smells and tastes great! So what's the issue??
Why You Should Hate this Trend!
Since the 1980s this trend has rapidly become the standard and inevitably bled into local tea competitions (and into teas where it does not belong), perpetuating a cycle creating a single-faceted tea not totally unlike a Korean beauty pageant. This has been recently witnessed in Hsinchu during an Oriental Beauty competition to horrifically comedic effect. Examples like this help to outline perhaps the biggest victim of this trend.. Interesting styles of oolong that are no longer fashionable. Taiwan has some of the best terroir worldwide for growing tea and most of it is being used on an occasionally beautiful but often monotone type of tea.
Many types of Taiwanese tea has followed this “greener is better” trend. Modern-day Baozhong is far less-roasted and oxidized than its traditional form. Similarly, Dong-Ding has become increasingly green and fragrant. Muzha Tieguanyin has significantly decreased in popularity. The once popular and premium Hung Shui Oolong, is nearly impossible to find at higher-elevations and has become more or less a basic black tea alternative. Oriental Beauty is the least changed, but even Oriental Beauty has been the occasional victim of this trend. Perhaps due to similar factors, Chinese Tieguanyin has trended in a similarly depressing fashion.
Due to it's minimal processing nuclear green oolong stores very poorly (this processing also makes it vulnerable to external variables like weather). Oxidation and the finishing process both help to improve the robustness and preserve the freshness of a tea for its long journey across the sea. The freshness of this trendy tea dissipates quickly and are best consumed quickly. What was originally a great tea can become a disappointing one alarmingly quickly. Frequent consumption of “nuclear green” maocha is also harsher on the body and is difficult on the stomach.
Taiwan has some truly great terroir and Taiwanese oolong is a great and grand genre of tea and low-oxidation oolong is perfectly capable of being a very, very good tea. Personally speaking, us at TeaDB do enjoy minimally-oxidized high-mountain oolong a great deal. Nevertheless, it is a tea tragedy for us tea nerds that desire and want a healthy amount of diversity in our Taiwanese tea.
Additional reading on similar topics:
There's something odd about our galactic neighbourhood, which Sidney van den Bergh at the Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics in Canada highlights today in a short paper.
Astronomers have long known that the Milky Way's two closest neighbours are the Large and Small Magellanic Clouds, giant clouds of stars, gas and dust called irregular galaxies.
This is strange for two reasons. These galaxies are much younger than ours and may have even formed together. It looks as if they may just be passing by, on their way to somewhere else. Most other galaxies like ours, such as Andromeda, don't have a single companion like this, so having two seems rather fortunate.
But there's something else as well. The Large Magellanic cloud is unusually luminous. In fact, there are only two other irregular galaxies in the entire local universe that come close. “In other words the Large Magellanic Cloud seems to be close to the upper luminosity limit for irregular galaxies,” says van den Bergh. That's unusual too.
In recent years, astronomers have begun to work out just how rare this is. Sky surveys such as the Sloan Digital Sky Survey allow astronomers to work out the distribution of various types of galaxy. They've looked at 22581 galaxies like the Milky Way and found that 81% have no satellite galaxies as bright as the Magellanic Clouds, 11% have one such satellite, and only 3.5% host two such satellite galaxies.
That makes the Milky Way very unusual. As van den Bergh puts it: “That the Galaxy should have an irregular companion as luminous as the Large Magellanic Cloud is almost a miracle.”
One of the central tenets of cosmology is the Copernican principle: that we live on an ordinary planet, in an average galaxy, in a mediocre part of the Universe.
But it's beginning to look as if the Milky Way, or at least its neighbourhood, doesn't follow that rule at all. So the question for astronomers and cosmologists is why this has come about and what its significance should be. An interesting conundrum.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1012.3492: A Strange Mènage Á Trois
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
MICHAEL OLIVER will referee Liverpool FC's FA Cup semi-final clash with Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday, April 19.
The 30-year-old from Northumberland has been selected for the capital showdown, with Martin Atkinson in charge of the tie between Arsenal and Reading 24 hours earlier.
Oliver has officiated in four Reds matches so far this season. They were in charge of the 3-1 defeat at Manchester City back in August and October's 2-1 win over West Brom.
(Image: Action Images/Carl Recine)
In December they sent off Fabio Borini in the 2-2 draw with Arsenal and then they took the whistle for the second leg of Liverpool's Capital One Cup semi-final defeat to Chelsea in January.
Kochi: A new delicacy on dining tables in Kerala could well be African snails, millions of which have invaded many areas of the state.
At a meeting called here last week to tackle the menace of African snails, a suggestion came from among leading scientists from several fields: Simply, why not eat them, just as they do in European countries?
Those who discussed various steps at the meeting included officials from the Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies, the Central Marine Fisheries Institute (CMFRI), and agriculture and entomology experts.
Speaking to journalists, S. Shinoj of Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) of the CMFRI said the meeting formed a team of experts to suggest how best to tackle the invading armies of African snails.
“Three ideas came up. First, the snails, which are a much liked food item of ducks, be made into feed for poultry and cattle. The second option was to use them for manure, as snail shells are rich in calcium, and the soil in Kerala is found to be calcium deficient. And the third option was to use the snails as a food item,” said Shinoj.
They said that snails are eaten in Italy, France and other European countries. “Earlier, shrimps were not consumed in Kerala till 1960s, and so were squids till the 1980s.”
“The study team will look into all aspects and I am now told that there are people who eat snails in Kottayam. We will seek their support as part of our study,” said Shinoj.
Former Member-Secretary of the Kerala State Biodiversity Board K.P. Laladhas said: “We are told that snails are consumed, but before it can be propagated here, a scientific validation will be good to win the confidence of the people.”
“Perhaps we can also look at export of snail meat. We are looking forward to the study report,” said Laladhas, a renowned zoologist.
A strange thing happened when MSNBC's "All In" host Chris Hayes interviewed New Hampshire Senator Maggie Hassan about the unending growth in opioid-related deaths at which New Hampshire is an epicenter. As Democrat Hassan recited all of the great things she, public , and police in New Hampshire were doing to prevent and treat , liberal Hayes uncharacteristically pointed out, "According to the data, the crisis isn't improving. It's worsening."
That truth hardly caused Hassan to pause as they promoted their state's recovery programs, which they didn't actually describe. They no doubt meant the standard 12-step disease programs that are wholesaled in this country, which have never indicated that they are successful, least of all in combating the surge in heroin and painkiller deaths over the last dozen years.
I have reviewed the steady growth, simultaneously, in deaths due to heroin, opioid painkillers, synthetic painkillers like fentanyl, and tranquilizers, that has occurred under the watchful eyes of National Institute on Drug Abuse chief Nora Volkow. Volkow has held this since 2003, leaving us to ponder whether doing more of the same thing is likely to lead to better results. (Volkow propounds the updated brain disease theory whose roots are in the same Americana as AA's 12 steps.)
The cause for all of this breast beating was the meeting in Washington of and New Jersey governor Chris Christie to form an opioid crisis task force. But the committee will never get to the bottom of this public health conundrum: why, in the country that already devotes the most resources to fighting drug addiction and narcotic fatalities, do these continue to grow?
It is tempting to quote Albert Einstein at this point: "You can never solve a problem using the same thinking that created it."
Trump, meanwhile, displayed their usual substance-free, bombastic, messianic mantras at the meeting:
Trump called the increasing number of Americans addicted to opioids “a total epidemic. Drug cartels have spread their deadly industry across our nation, and the availability of cheap narcotics, some of it comes in cheaper than candy, has devastated our communities. It's really one of our biggest problems our country has, and nobody really wants to talk about it.”
But, just as they outsourced health care to Paul Ryan and America's destiny to Steve Bannon, Trump is relying on Chris Christie to come up with a solution for drug addiction. When Trump pointed to him, Christie trumpeted their mantra, "addiction is a disease that can be treated." Nevermind that the law Christie repeatedly cites to in support of their assertion was "in and out of rehab" for over a decade.
And Hassan, Hayes, and the liberal establishment cling to this disease myth as much as, or more than, conservatives. So politically, Trump has little to lose with this mindless initiative (Hassan more or less endorsed it).
We are trapped in that thinking—that addiction is best approached as a medical problem—which is the tar baby of American public health. We keep pounding that dummy harder and harder until we can never extricate ourselves from its fatal grasp.
At virtually the same time as liberal Hayes was questioning Hassan, conservative New York Times columnist Ross Douthat, was pointing out a startling finding about Obamacare. I agree that the Affordable Care Act is ridiculously superior to the Rube Goldberg contraption that the Republicans proposed to replace it. However, as Douthat showed, ACA has not actually reduced mortality among the most needy populations where it is being deployed—largely due to narcotic-related deaths, along with accidents, suicides, and other sequela of despair.
As Douthat reports:
despite confident liberal expectations about how many lives Obamacare would save each year, the only noticeable recent shift in the American mortality trend has gone in the opposite direction—upward, likely thanks to the opioid epidemic [this is true for the noncollege—educated white population]. Nor has Obamacare's Medicaid expansion been a bulwark against opioid-related misery...the mortality rates in states that expanded Medicaid rose faster in 2015 than in the states that did not. This correlation also shows up when you drill down in county-level data...Overall, areas that have implemented the Affordable Care Act in full have seen more deaths from drug overdoses than areas where the Medicaid expansion didn't take effect.
Douthat wonders how this occurs. Here's the answer: focusing on addiction and drug fatalities as a medical problem is a cause, and not a remedy, for addiction and drug-related deaths. Thus, the Surgeon General's "updated" program for fighting the epidemic of addiction, which simply recycles all the old disease fables, won't just fail—it will exacerbate the epidemic.
Which brings us back to the overall Trump program for this country. As Trump eviscerates training, housing, basic health et al. programs for the poor, they then turns to Christie to laud and promote addiction treatment as the cure for what ails us. It isn't. It's a sign of the addictive malaise that shrouds our land.
Personal note: Mayor de Blasio just waked in Colson's as I finish this—too bad I can't explain it to them (his daughter entered recovery from marijuana and at age 19).
Ben Affleck's ancestors apparently owned slaves — but that's something they didn't want the public to know.
The Academy Award-winning actor and director asked PBS executives to edit that detail out of their family tree after it was exposed during the filming of their program "Finding Your Roots," hacked Sony emails have revealed.
In an email exchange posted by WikiLeaks, the genealogy program's host Henry Louis Gates Jr. nervously asked a top Sony executive for "advice" in handling Affleck's special request.
". . . For the first time, one of our guests has asked us to edit out something about one of their ancestors — the fact that they owned slaves," the Harvard scholar told Sony chief Michael Lynton in the email chain dated July 22, 2014.
Gates suggested that the censoring could tarnish their branding if word got out and would ultimately be a violation of PBS rules, "even for Batman."
"Now, four or five of our guests this season descend from slave owners, including Ken Burns," they went on while also suggesting that Affleck's shunned relative "wasn't even a bad guy."
 The program's host has defended in a statement that the slave-owning aspect of Affleck's family tree was not included in the episode, pictured, because it wasn't interesting enough. (PBS)
"Now Anderson Cooper's ancestor was a real s.o.b.; one of their slaves actually murdered him. Of course, the slave was promptly hanged. And Anderson didn't miss a beat about that," they wrote.
When it came to Affleck, however, they found themselves stumped.
"We've never had anyone ever try to censor or edit what we found. He's a megastar. What do we do?"
Sony chief Lynton, responding to their "dilemma," advised them to bow to the star's wishes.
"I would take it out if no one knows, but if it gets out that you are editing the material based on this kind of sensitivity then it gets tricky. Again, all things being equal I would definitely take it out," they replied.
In a statement responding to the hacked emails Friday, Gates defended their decision to edit out that chapter of Affleck's lineage, reasoning that it wasn't "interesting" enough.
"We focused on what we felt were the most interesting aspects of their ancestry — including a Revolutionary War ancestor, a 3rd great-grandfather who was an occult enthusiast, and their mother who marched for Civil Rights during the Freedom Summer of 1964," they stated in part.
"We are very grateful to all of our guests for allowing us into their personal lives and have told hundreds of stories in this series including many about slave ancestors-never shying away from chapters of a family's past that might be unpleasant."
PBS further stated that Gates made an "independent editorial judgment" when choosing what would go into the episode. It's a decision they stand by.

Top 25 Jacksonville Jaguars plays of 2014: Sen'Derrick Marks stuffs Giants - BigCatCountry.com
At the beginning of the fourth quarter, the Giants were still up 21-16. Manning was running the no-huddle to try and keep the Jaguars defense -- especially their line, which was having success -- off-balance and tired. On first-and-10, Manning brought everyone to the line and was going to have Andre Williams run up the middle. Everyone except for Sen'Derrick Marks, that is.
Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles among the lowest ranked in NFL - ESPN.com
It was not a surprise to see Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles named a Tier 4 quarterback in ESPN's second annual Quarterback Tiers project. Tier 4 is reserved for unproven starters or quarterbacks who might not be expected to last in the lineup all season. That's exactly what Bortles is entering their second season: an unproven starter, though he's surely going to remain in the lineup all season (barring injury).
Allen Robinson poised for breakout season - RantSports.com
has been quite some time since the Jacksonville Jaguars have had a difference-maker at wide receiver. Not since the days of Jimmy Smith and Keenan McCardell in the early 2000s has the team had a receiver capable of striking fear into opposing defenses. Following an injury-shortened rookie season, second-year wide receiver Allen Robinson has been drawing rave reviews and appears poised to break out.
Chalk and cheese. That's the common response from frontline doctors and nurses at St Vincent's Hospital when asked about life before and after the introduction of Sydney's lock-out laws.
Since the NSW government began to limit alcohol availability in key inner-Sydney areas early last year, the volume and severity of alcohol-related trauma presentations to the hospital has changed dramatically.
On New Year's Eve, St Vincent's emergency staff spoke of lower levels of intoxication and violence in the patients they saw, with not a single person admitted to intensive care. Credit:Damian Shaw
The difference is both stark and very human.
Talk to the on-call neurosurgical registrar who finds themselves constantly checking their phone because they haven't had a single contact on a Saturday night; or the Intensive Care Unit social worker who for months hasn't had to make a devastating call to the parents of a young reveller undergoing surgery to remove glass shards from their face after a severe assault.
DATE: Dec 4, 2013 | BY: David Wharton | Category: Sci-Fi
While most of us learned the name “J. Michael Straczynski” via their excellent Babylon 5 series, he's also worked extensively in comics over the years, penning memorable series such as Rising Stars and Midnight Nation, not to mention playing in the Big Two's respective sandboxes on titles including The Amazing Spider-Man, Thor, and Superman. Today they take their talents into one of the most beloved fictional apocalypses around, the universe of the Terminator franchise. The first issue of Dark Horse's Terminator Salvation: The Final Battle hits comic stands today, with JMS scripting, art by Pete Woods, and colors by Matthew Wilson.
The Final Battle will have everything you'd expect from a good Terminator tale: time hopping, murderous robots, future rebellion leaders who scream at directors of photography who walk onto the set during a scene. The 12-issue series is set in the aftermath of 2009's Terminator Salvation, with an adult John Connor continuing to lead the human resistance against Skynet's genocidal machines. Back in July, JMS told Comic Book Resources:
The story that I've always wanted to see visualized, and that I think other fans of the movies have eagerly anticipated, is the battle that set all of the movies into motion: the assault on Skynet, the Terminators going through and what happens afterward on both sides of the timeline. So the events weave in and out of the tapestry of The Terminator, showing what we know or what we think we know, then turning the camera around to show us that what we thought we knew may not be exactly what happens. … the story becomes about Skynet, but also about who and what we are as a species. Which is what always set this series of movies apart from the imitators: it's not just about machines, it's about what those machines have to say about us.
You can pick up Terminator Salvation: The Final Battle #1 at your local comic shop, or purchase a digital copy at Dark Horse's online store.
A-listers J. Michael Straczynski and Pete Woods unite for the biggest Terminator story ever! Hopping between the future and the past, this sweeping, twelve-issue epic counts down the end of the Machine War — but not the one fans expect! Everything's at stake, and the fates of Skynet and John Connor will be told!
Today in Comics
Doctor Who #16 (IDW Publishing)
Deadman's Hand, Part 4 of 4: Series finale! The people of Deadwood fighting zombie gunfighters and cross-dimensional alien invaders! Oscar Wilde debating for Earth's very existence! Wild Bill Hickok, Calamity Jane, and Clara in a suicidal stagecoach attack! Thomas Edison's redemption! And the Doctor, sacrificing everything one last time… but is it enough?
Guardians of the Galaxy #9 (Marvel)
INFINITY TIE-IN The Infinity adventure continues as Thanos's rise might lead to the Guardians' fall.
Judge Dredd #14 (IDW Publishing)
Dredd returns to Mega-City One—still recovering from the ravages of “The Long Fail”—only to find the Justice Department under siege! Seems that someone has snuffed 12 Judges in creative and shocking ways. Someone who is intimiately familiar the routines of your average street Judge and their sector houses… Someone who Dredd themselves failed to catch just a few months ago!
RoboCop: Last Stand #5 (Boom! Studios)
RoboCop and Marie have been set up. Fighting with every ounce of strength and wit they can muster, Marie and RoboCop must face an army of android Ottomos coming at them from all directions. With no chance of survival, they can only hope that their deaths will mean the end of OCP.
Star Trek: Khan #3 (IDW Publishing)
Written by Mike Johnson, with art by Claudia Balboni and David Messina, and a cover by Paul Shipper, Khan #3 finds Khan fighting to preserve their empire as the Eugenics Wars lay waste to the planet. The tale, once again overseen by Star Trek (2009) and Star Trek Into Darkness co-writer/co-producer Roberto Orci, runs 32 pages, costs $3.99 and sets the stage for the final two installments.
Today in Television
The Tomorrow People (The CW, 9/8c) — “Thanatos”
The Rock Confirms He's In Shazam By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
This story comes to us from the Spanish-language site
"It's the interpretation of a character from DC Comics. It's the story of Shazam, but I can't say if I'm playing Shazam or Black Adam...In this case in particular, I believe we will do [the part] justice. I'm putting my heart and soul into this role."
What makes this such an interesting development is that this isn't the first time that Dwayne Johnson has been linked to the role of Black Adam. A Shazam film was in the works at Warner Bros. all the way
For those unaware of the comics, Shazam is actually the secret identity of Billy Batson, a young boy who can turn into their superhero alter ego just by saying their name (an acronym for Solomon, Hercules, Atlas, Zeus, Achilles, and Mercury). Black Adam, meanwhile, has spent decades as Shazam's arch enemy, but has also been written as a corrupted antihero. Dwayne Johnson would honestly be an interesting fit for both roles... and now a weirdly big part of me wants to see them put on a dual performance.
Knowing that Warner Bros. and DC Comics are officially making a Shazam film starts to give us a better understanding of what exactly they have planned for the growing DC Cinematic Universe, but what still remains unclear is exactly when we will get to see it. Will it be a pre-Justice League release, or is it a project that is being planned for years down the line? Hopefully more news will come our way soon. Dwayne Johnson has spent months and months teasing a deal that they have been working out with the folks over at Warner Bros. and DC Comics, and as time has passed they have gotten more and more specific in their hints. Most recently they Tweeted an image of Superman, Shazam and Black Adam, suggesting that they would be playing one of the parts - but they still wouldn't specify exactly what was in the works. That pattern has continued today, as Johnson has confirmed that a Shazam film is in the works - a pretty huge reveal. But what he's not revealing just yet is if he's playing the hero or the villain.This story comes to us from the Spanish-language site La Nacion , which has quotes directly from Dwayne Johnson talking about the upcoming comic book movie. While many of us just assumed that the wrestler-cum-actor would naturally slip into the film's title role, whether or not that will actually happen is being purposefully kept a mystery for now. While Johnson's comments were translated into Spanish, in English they said something along the lines of,What makes this such an interesting development is that this isn't the first time that Dwayne Johnson has been linked to the role of Black Adam. A Shazam film was in the works at Warner Bros. all the way back in 2006 , and director Peter Segal brought on Dwayne Johnson to play the central antagonist . Of course, that was eight years ago, and Johnson has proven themselves as an A-list-level star in the time since. Because of their higher level of fame, many - including myself - figured that they would get the upgrade from villain to hero when the project came back around again, but apparently that may not be the case. It's worth noting that Johnson also told La Nacion that Black Adam and Green Lantern were their favorite characters growing up - making no mention of the heroic Shazam.For those unaware of the comics, Shazam is actually the secret identity of Billy Batson, a young boy who can turn into their superhero alter ego just by saying their name (an acronym for Solomon, Hercules, Atlas, Zeus, Achilles, and Mercury). Black Adam, meanwhile, has spent decades as Shazam's arch enemy, but has also been written as a corrupted antihero. Dwayne Johnson would honestly be an interesting fit for both roles... and now a weirdly big part of me wants to see them put on a dual performance.Knowing that Warner Bros. and DC Comics are officially making a Shazam film starts to give us a better understanding of what exactly they have planned for the growing DC Cinematic Universe, but what still remains unclear is exactly when we will get to see it. Will it be a pre-Justice League release, or is it a project that is being planned for years down the line? Hopefully more news will come our way soon. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
A retrospective of Roman Polanski's works opened in Paris Monday amid a string of new sex allegations targeting the controversial film director. While organisers argue it is not their place to moralise, feminists call the show an “insult to women”.
ADVERTISING Read more
The 10-day retrospective, organised by France's partly state-funded film institute La Cinémathèque Française, comes as the Franco-Polish director faces new accusations of women saying they sexually assaulted them as young girls, bringing the total number of cases against them to five. The latest alleged victims say they finally chose to speak out following the recent revelations involving Hollywood movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, which unleashed a wave of sexual harassment accusations committed by men in powerful positions, especially within the entertainment industry, via the #MeToo hashtag.
In France, the Weinstein scandal also prompted the birth of the hashtag #BalanceTonPorc ("squeal on your pig"), which encouraged thousands of women to name and shame their sexual harassers on Twitter and other social media. Over the weekend, thousands of people rallied in Paris and other French cities in support of the #MeToo and #BalanceTonPorc campaigns.
The film institute's decision to go ahead with the long-scheduled Polanski retrospective – despite the new allegations – have outraged French feminist groups, which have called on the Cinémathèque to cancel the event.
“La Cinémathèque Française has a sense of perfect timing – right in the middle of the Weinstein scandal and as a fifth Roman Polanski victim has come forward – it announces it will host a retrospective of the director's films that will be inaugurated on October 30, 2017, in their presence,” activist Laure Salmona wrote in a petition that had garnered more than 27,000 signatures by noon on Monday.
"It's an insult to all the women who mobilised around the #MeToo and #BalanceTonPorc hashtags, and an affront to all rape victims, particularly Polanski's victims," they wrote.
On Monday evening, 30 minutes before Polanski was scheduled to hold their inauguration speech of the retrospective, French feminist group Osez le féminisme (Dare feminism) called for a protest outside the Paris-based film institute. Films directed by Polanski include “Rosemary's Baby”, “Chinatown" and “The Pianist”.
‘We have nothing to discuss'
French Culture Minister Françoise Nyssen, however, has argued that the retrospective is about pieces of work, rather than the filmmaker himself.
"It's about a body of work, not about a man," they said. "It's not for me to condemn a body of work." They added that the exhibition was planned long before the Weinstein scandal erupted, which has revived the debate about Polanski.
In a statement emailed to FRANCE 24, Costa-Gavras, the Greek-French film director who is president of La Cinématèque, said that despite the protests, the institute had no intention of changing its programme, saying its role is neither to moralise nor "take the place of the justice system".
“Those who reproach us for this have never set their foot in our establishment and do not know anything about our missions of conservation and transmission.”
“Our ambition is another: To show the integrality of filmmakers' works and place them in the context of cinematic history. Out of this point of view, Polanski's works, from genre films to painful confessions, recount nothing less than the 20th century,” they wrote.
“We have nothing to discuss with the people demanding that La Cinémathèque française abandons its fundamental mission: To tirelessly show the works of great filmmakers.”
Teenage girls
In 1977, Polanski pleaded guilty to statutory rape of a 13-year-old girl after they dropped more serious charges against him. Polanski was 43 at the time, and spent 42 days in jail before being released on parole for good behavior. In 1978, Polanski fled the United States to France after learning that a judge was planning to scrap their plea deal and as a result Polanski might then face the possibility of being sent to prison for decades. They have since been a fugitive from the US justice system and has spent most of their time in Paris, France. All efforts to extradite them back to the US have so far failed.
In 2010, a former actor claimed Polanski had forced themselves on them when they were 16 and auditioning for a role in Paris back in 1983. In August this year, a third woman came forward, claiming they had been sexually assaulted by Polanski, in California in 1973, when they were 16.
After the Weinstein scandal broke earlier this month, two more women have come forward, accusing the filmmaker of molesting them as children. One of them, a former model, claims that Polanski raped them in a hotel room in Switzerland in 1972, when they were 15 years old. The other, an American artist, alleges that Polanski molested them on a California beach in 1975, when they were just 10.
Polanski has denied the claims.
Monday's rally in Paris will not be the first time Polanski has been targeted by French feminists. In February, they were pressured to pull out from hosting the prestigious César awards – the French equivalent of the Oscars – after feminists called for a boycott of them receiving the honourary role.
MSU Presidential candidates revealed Here are your 5 candidates for 2015-16
The games have begun.On Friday, the candidates for President of the McMaster Students Union were confirmed and announced. Five students have put their names on the ballot, each with the goal of leading a multi-million dollar organization focused on improving life at Mac.
This year's slate includes five men: Matt Clarke, Corey Helie-Masters, Ehima Osazuwa, Tristan Paul, and John Tambakis.
We asked each of these newly declared candidates why they wanted to be MSU President.
Clarke:
I want to be MSU President to make a difference at this school, and really incorporate community and the way that we call McMaster home and the way that we all interact and create relationships.
Helie-Masters:
I have wanted to be MSU President ever actually since one of my first days in school here. And the day I decided to run actually was … the middle of my first year, about five years ago, when Matthew Dillon-Lietch—I was on their campaign team—the night they won was the night I was like I need to do this, because this might just be one of the best things that I could ever be involved in. The idea of working for the MSU and having the opportunity to do all these fantastic things—it's so exciting.
Osazuwa:
I'm running for MSU President because I want to make a difference to the lives of the students and the McMaster Students Union … I feel I'm very qualified to lead the organization. I'm running for MSU President to be the change I want to see in the organization.
Paul:
Traditionally, the MSU, when we talk about engaging students we often say that students don't want to get involved, they don't really care about issues on campus. What this past year has showed me, and especially from first year to now, I've realized that students do care about issues. They do want to get engaged in the conversation, but right now there aren't those mechanisms in place to do that. So why I'm running—well, I want to connect students to the MSU.
Tambakis:
I thought this was a great chance to put students first and make sure that students are the centre of the university experience in every facet.
The campaign will officially begin Sunday, Jan. 18 at 12 p.m. Stay tuned at thesil.ca for ongoing coverage of the election.
No Images found.
Comments
12:48pm: The's will also receive right-hander Josh Lindblom from the Rangers, tweets Passan. Minor league second baseman Chris Bostick will head to Texas in the trade as well.
12:47pm: The Rangers are receiving multiple minor leaguers in the deal, tweets Jon Paul Morosi of FOX Sports.
12:38pm: The's have acquired outfielder Craig Gentry from the Rangers in exchange for Michael Choice, according to Jeff Passan of Yahoo Sports (on Twitter). Other players are involved in the deal as well, adds Passan.
Gentry, who turned 30 last week, is regarded as one of the game's best defensive outfielders and is coming off a season in which they batted .280/.373/.386 with a pair of homers and 24 stolen bases in 27 attempts. They boast an outstanding 29.5 UZR/150 in more than 1400 career innings in center field, and The Fielding Bible likes them for +34 runs saved in their career.
Gentry has thrived against left-handed pitching throughout their career, compiling a solid .288/.376/.399 slash line. He's serviceable against right-handed pitchers as well, though their OBP (.334) and slugging (.335) are significantly lower against same-handed pitching.
Lindblom, 26, has primarily served as a reliever in their big league career, but Passan notes that the A's are planning to use them as a starter (Twitter link). Lindblom has a career 3.82 ERA with 8.1 K/9, 3.8 BB/9 and a 34.3 percent ground-ball rate. Their flyball tendencies should be much better suited for Oakland's O.Co Coliseum than Rangers Ballpark in Arlington.
Choice is a 24-year-old outfielder who played all three positions for the Athletics' Triple-A club this year. The 10th overall pick by the A's in 2010, Choice made their big league debut in September this year. Prior to the season, Baseball America ranked them second among A's prospects, praising their power and bat speed while noting a propensity for strikeouts and fringy arm strength. Choice went on to hit .302/.390/.445 with 14 home runs in 600 Triple-A plate appearances. He's a native of Arlington, Texas.
Bostick, 21 in March, was a 44th round pick out of high school by the A's in 2011. A second baseman, they hit .282/.354/.452 with 14 home runs in 555 A-ball plate appearances this year. Prior to the season, BA ranked them 20th among A's prospects, citing sneaky power and the potential to become more than a utilityman.
Sometimes the only person looking at the shot is the person behind the camera. Sometimes there may be multiple people but they don't all want to see the same thing. If it's just one person, they or they can view the shot on the adjustable LCD screen or set the SDI output to clone the display of the LCD to another monitor or viewfinder. All of the heads-up data such as frame rate and lens settings can be individually switched on/off and assist functions such as focus, framing and exposure aids can be customized and switched on/off at will. If shooting in V-Log, the image can be displayed with or without a Rec709 monitoring correction, but the exposure tools will always display the Log levels to allow for quick comparisons. If others need to see the image as well the EVA1 offers great flexibility. There are two video outputs, an HDMI and an SDI, and both are capable of 4K and always active even when recording. There are several combinations of signal possible: one output can be in 4K while the other is HD, and one could be a clean image with no display information while the other has just the info you choose to show, which can be different than what is displayed or not on the camera's LCD. If shooting in V-Log, the monitoring Rec709 correction can be selected individually for any or all of the three outputs. An example of how this flexibility can be used would be an EVA1 recording in V-Log for post color grading; the camera LCD displaying the 709 monitoring correction with a waveform monitor exposure tool in the corner of the frame showing the V-Log levels for comparison and the on screen display data showing lens and color temperature info; the SDI output in 4K 10-bit 422 in V-Log with no data displayed going to a video recorder, and the HDMI output sending HD video with the monitoring correction applied and the clip name and timecode displayed feeding a video transmitter for a script supervisor and director to view. That's just one scenario but there are lots of possibilities and for other cameras this level of flexibility would require a small cart of boxes and converters.
EXO's Chanyeol received a lot of hype after rumours of their possible guesting on Unpretty Rapstar 2 were posted online.
On October 26th, a number of speculations sparked interest online after it was detailed that Chanyeol recorded for an episode of hit reality program, Unpretty Rapstar 2. A Korean fan attending the program posted an account of the recording and revealed that the rapper did a short feature with Heize.
According to the account, Chanyeol was able to hype the crowd with their live performance with Heize and impressed a number of audience members for their efforts. It further revealed that the episode is more likely to be aired in the middle of November, possible one of the final episodes of the program.
The fan account has been translated into English since it was posted and remained to be a hot topic online.
SM Entertainment and Mnet has not released any comments on Chanyeol's official participation in the program.
Hubble Spots a Bright Spark in a Nearby Spiral Galaxy
Image credit: ESA/Hubble & NASA. Acknowledgement: Matej Novak
This image, taken by the NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope, shows a detailed view of the spiral arms on one side of the galaxy Messier 99. Messier 99 is a so-called grand design spiral, with long, large and clearly defined spiral arms — giving it a structure somewhat similar to the Milky Way.Lying around 50 million light-years away, Messier 99 is one of over a thousand galaxies that make up the Virgo Cluster, the closest cluster of galaxies to us. Messier 99 itself is relatively bright and large, meaning it was one of the first galaxies to be discovered, way back in the 18th century. This earned it a place in Charles Messier's famous catalog of astronomical objects.In recent years, a number of unexplained phenomena in Messier 99 have been studied by astronomers. Among This is the nature of one of the brighter stars visible in this image. Cataloged as PTF 10fqs, and visible as a yellow-orange star in the top-left corner of this image, it was first spotted by the Palomar Transient Facility, which scans the skies for sudden changes in brightness (or transient phenomena, to use astronomers' jargon). These can be caused by different kinds of event, including variable stars and supernova explosions.What is unusual about PTF 10fqs is that it has so far defied classification: it is brighter than a nova (a bright eruption on a star's surface), but fainter than a supernova (the explosion that marks the end of life for a large star). Scientists have offered a number of possible explanations, including the intriguing suggestion that it could have been caused by a giant planet plunging into its parent star.This Hubble image was made in June 2010, during the period when the outburst was fading, so PTF 10fqs's location could be pinpointed with great precision. These measurements will allow other telescopes to home in on the star in future, even when the afterglow of the outburst has faded to nothing.A version of this image of Messier 99 was entered into the Hubble's Hidden Treasures Competition by contestant Matej Novak. Hidden Treasures is an initiative to invite astronomy enthusiasts to search the Hubble archive for stunning images that have never been seen by the general public. The competition is now closed and the winners will be announced soon.
Dinosaurs were already in an evolutionary decline tens of millions of years before the meteorite impact that finally finished them off, new research has found.
The findings provide a revolution in the understanding of dinosaur evolution. Palaeontologists previously thought that dinosaurs were flourishing right up until they were wiped out by a massive meteorite impact 66 million years ago. By using a sophisticated statistical analysis in conjunction with information from the fossil record, researchers at the Universities of Reading and Bristol showed that dinosaur species were going extinct at a faster pace than new ones were emerging from 50 million years before the meteorite hit.
The analyses demonstrate that while the decline in species numbers over time was effectively ubiquitous among all dinosaur groups, their patterns of species loss were different. For instance, the long-necked giant sauropod dinosaurs were in the fastest decline, whereas theropods, the group of dinosaurs that include the iconic Tyrannosaurus rex, were in a more gradual decline.
Dr Manabu Sakamoto, University of Reading, the palaeontologist who led the research, said: "We were not expecting this result. While the asteroid impact is still the prime candidate for the dinosaurs' final disappearance, it is clear that they were already past their prime in an evolutionary sense."
'For tens of millions of years before their ultimate demise, dinosaurs were beginning to lose their edge as the dominant species on Earth' -- Dr Manabu Sakamoto
"Our work is ground-breaking in that, once again, it will change our understanding of the fate of these mighty creatures. While a sudden apocalypse may have been the final nail in the coffin, something else had already been preventing dinosaurs from evolving new species as fast as old species were dying out.
"This suggests that for tens of millions of years before their ultimate demise, dinosaurs were beginning to lose their edge as the dominant species on Earth."
Professor Mike Benton of the University of Bristol, one of the co-authors of the research, said: "All the evidence shows that the dinosaurs, which had already been around, dominating terrestrial ecosystems for 150 million years, somehow lost the ability to speciate fast enough. This was likely to have contributed to their inability to recover from the environmental crisis caused by the impact."
It is thought that a giant asteroid's impact with Earth 66 million years ago threw up millions of tonnes of dust, blacking out the sun, causing short-term global cooling and widespread loss of vegetation. This ecological disaster meant that large animals reliant on the abundance of plants died out, along with the predators that fed on them.
The new research suggests that other factors, such as the break-up of continental land masses, sustained volcanic activity and other ecological factors, may possibly have influenced the gradual decline of dinosaurs.
'The decline of the dinosaurs would have left plenty of room for mammals to flourish before the impact' -- Dr Chris Venditti
This observed decline in dinosaurs would have had implications for other groups of species. Dr Chris Venditti, an evolutionary biologist from the University of Reading and co-author of paper said: "The decline of the dinosaurs would have left plenty of room for mammals, the group of species which humans are a member of, to flourish before the impact, priming them to replace dinosaurs as the dominant animals on earth."
Dr Sakamoto points out that the study might provide insight into future biodiversity loss. They said: "Our study strongly indicates that if a group of animals is experiencing a fast pace of extinction more so than they can replace, then they are prone to annihilation once a major catastrophe occurs. This has huge implications for our current and future biodiversity, given the unprecedented speed at which species are going extinct owing to the ongoing human-caused climate change."
The new study is published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) and the work was funded by the Leverhulme Trust and The Natural Environment Research Council (NERC).
Full reference:
Manabu Sakamoto, Michael J. Benton, and Chris Venditti (2016) Dinosaurs in decline tens of millions of years before their final extinction, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, doi:10.1073/pnas.1521478113
Ian Howes Maxtone-Graham (born July 3, 1959) is an American television writer and producer. They have written for Saturday Night Live (1992–1995) and The Simpsons (1995–2012), as well as serving as a co-executive producer and consulting producer for the latter.
Early years [ edit ]
Maxtone-Graham was born in New York City, the son of maritime historian John Maxtone-Graham.  They are the great-nephew of Jan Struther, the writer of Mrs. Miniver. They attended Trinity School and Brown University. An enthusiastic swimmer, their first job after college was as a diver with an underwater research team. After struggling to establish a career in journalism, they penned material for the television show Not Necessarily the News and the magazines National Lampoon and Army Man. Their work in Army Man, an offbeat magazine published by future Simpsons colleague George Meyer, brought them to the attention of Jack Handey, who suggested they work for Saturday Night Live.[1]
Saturday Night Live [ edit ]
While working for Saturday Night Live, Maxtone-Graham co-wrote "The Chanukah Song" with Adam Sandler[2] and, according to the DVD commentary for the SNL clip show "The Best of Alec Baldwin," also wrote the infamous "Canteen Boy" sketch in which Canteen Boy is sexually molested by their scoutmaster, Mr. Armstrong (played by episode host Alec Baldwin). According to the memoir of Jay Mohr, Ian Maxtone-Graham threatened to quit and sue the show during the 1993-1994 season after an altercation with Norm Macdonald. The lawsuit never came to fruition.[citation needed]
During all-night Saturday Night Live writing sessions, Sarah Silverman often stole underwear and socks from a cache of fresh clothes Maxtone-Graham kept in their office, and wore them in lieu of their own clothes.[3]
The Simpsons [ edit ]
Maxtone-Graham has become somewhat infamous among The Simpsons fans for a 1998 interview with The Independent, in which they admitted that they had "barely" seen The Simpsons before being hired, and ridiculed "the beetle-browed people on the internet" for their criticism of the show.[4][5] Although they upset many fans with their comments, Maxtone-Graham has won six Emmys for their work on The Simpsons,[6] and received an Annie Award for writing "The Seemingly Neverending Story".[7]
One of the episodes written by Maxtone-Graham is "E-I-E-I-(Annoyed Grunt)", in which Homer grows a tomato-tobacco hybrid called "tomacco". The episode inspired an Oregon man to make their own version of tomacco by grafting a tomato stem with a tobacco root. They eventually gave some to Maxtone-Graham, who ate it.[8]
At 6'8" (2.03m), Maxtone-Graham inspired a character on The Simpsons: "Very Tall Man", who first appeared in "22 Short Films About Springfield".[4]
Writing credits [ edit ]
Maxtone-Graham has been credited as writing the following episodes of The Simpsons:
The Canadian Press
The Green Party deputy leader has introduced a private member's bill that would restrict the possession and distribution of shark fins in B.C.
Sonia Furstenau says sharks are critical to the health of ocean ecosystems but an estimated 73-million die every year due to shark finning.
Furstenau says Canada imported over 140,000 kilograms of shark fins last year alone and their legislation would make sure B.C. is not part of driving the global demand for what they describe as a “harmful and inhumane industry.”
"As a species that is slow to mature and that has relatively low rates of reproduction, their decline creates a ripple effect throughout our oceans," Furstenau said.
They also note their bill comes five years after the Union of B.C. Municipalities passed a resolution calling on the provincial government to ban the sale, trade and distribution of shark fins.
[np_storybar title=”Watch Glenn Beck explain Independence, USA” link=”#1″]
[/np_storybar]
There has been a Utopia, Ohio, and there still exists a Utopia, Texas. In a country with a long history of creating idealistic communities, America may soon see another added into the mix — a city rooted in America's past, or at least Glenn Beck's version of it.
Mr. Beck, the outspoken conservative U.S. media personality and commentator, this month outlined their proposition to create a self-sustaining city and theme park hybrid. Independence, USA represents a harkening back to a time of a simpler America and would be built on values they see the country as now “going away from” — freedom, truth and responsibility,
“It is the rebirth of our nation through its own principles,” Mr. Beck said on their syndicated Glenn Beck program. “You can come here and we will show you the truth of the ideas and the ideals that created this country.”
Their proposed $2-billion city would be based on a free-market, limited government model. No location has been pegged down, but Mr. Beck has visited “three possible sites in three different states” and has spoken to two governors, said Mr. Beck's TheBlaze TV website.
The self-sustaining city would include a ranch for food production, a media centre, a multi-denominational mission centre, a theme park, a research and development centre, a library, parks and baseball diamonds. It would have a communal marketplace that would serve as a public space for conducting small business and sharing ideas. Americans could either live in the city's residential area or just come to visit.
The concept was partly inspired by Galt's Gultch, the utopian community in Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged, and by past initiatives proposed by Walt Disney. But unlike Disneyland, which Mr. Beck's website describes as “commercialized,” Independence USA would be focused on community-living and sharing knowledge.
“There's not going to be a Gap here. There's no Ann Taylor. You want Ann Taylor, you go somewhere else,” they said.
Mr. Beck said rather than attending an “Ivy League university,” young people in Independence USA would learn from apprenticeships and could “start at the mailroom and work their way up.”
The community would also be a place where elected officials across America, “a mayor or a senator or a president,” could go to learn about American ideals and history. Parents could also send their children to Independence to be “deprogrammed” every summer.
Author Bill Bishop said Mr. Beck's Independence, USA would be an extreme version of a pre-existing trend. Mr. Bishop's book, The Big Sort, theorizes American communities are becoming more insular and similar internally and in turn, simultaneously are looking more and more different from one another. As a result, red states are becoming redder and blue states are becoming bluer — and this is happening even at the neighbourhood and city level.
“Places are becoming more alike in the way families are formed and the way they vote and education levels,” they said, adding that even regional accents are becoming more pronounced. “People are trying to find those places where they can find reinforcement from others who are like themselves.”
There are risks, they said, with such insular communities.
It's limiting what people see. Whenever you isolate yourself in a community that is increasingly like-minded then you'll have a limitation on the number of ideas that are available
“It's limiting what people see. Whenever you isolate yourself in a community that is increasingly like-minded then you'll have a limitation on the number of ideas that are available,” Mr. Bishop said.
There is less of a chance for people to understand those who are different from them if they stay in their isolated community, while mixed communities become more tolerant of differences, they said.
“The problem with having a like-minded community is that over time it becomes more extreme in the way that people are like-minded,” they said.
Mr. Beck's community would be self-sustaining, not naturally formed. Arguably, this could make the community more insular.
Regardless of whether their proposal is built, Mr. Beck has articulated a concept many Americans may be eager to be part of — second chance at the American Dream.
“[The streets] weren't paved in gold, they weren't,” said Mr. Beck. “They were paved in people's dreams and people's hard work. That is the gold of America … to be able to pursue your dreams.”
National Post
When you're one of only two key players in the desktop graphics card space, healthy competition can be the catalyst for near-instant change. In the case of AMD versus Nvidia , the benefit of that competition to enthusiasts has never been better: On October 29, Nvidia will slash the suggested e-tail price of its newer GTX 770 and GTX 780 GPUs by more than $150.
I had to double-check that it was only 5 months ago when I shared the benchmarks for Nvidia's newly released GTX 780. At the time it was a comparatively strong value, delivering performance close to its older brother Titan for $350 less.
Then, earlier this month AMD rolled out its R9 series, promising specifically that its flagship 290X card would not only outperform Nvidia's GTX 780, but would do so for $100 less. As you can see from one of my internal benchmark tests below, they delivered on that promise.
The tech press seemed to unanimously publish that opinion last week when the embargo for AMD's R9 290X lifted. Even yours truly who has typically been a fan of Nvidia for their build quality and exceptional drivers, found myself swayed by the compelling price/performance ratio of AMD's entire R9 lineup.
A price drop from Nvidia was inevitable, but I'm not certain anyone expected one so drastic.
Tomorrow the GTX 780 drops from $649 to $499, effectively undercutting AMD's R9 290X by $50. Factor Nvidia's GeForce Holiday Bundle into the equation -- serving up free copies of Assassin's Creed IV, Splinter Cell Blacklist, and Batman: Arkham Origins in addition to $100 off the Shield console -- and Nvidia becomes the clear price leader.
The R9 290X does marginally outperform the GTX 780, but with this new pricing my recommendation falls back to Nvidia.
Tomorrow also sees the GTX 770 fall from $499 to $329, doing battle with AMD's $299 R9 280X. Purchasing the 770 also entitles consumers to Nvidia's GeForce Holiday Bundle.
So why didn't Nvidia undercut the 280X as well? I can't answer that, but I can hazard a guess as to why they've positioned the GTX 780 at $499. Technically the 280X is an overclocked and rebranded Radeon HD 7970, while the 290X represents brand-new GPU architecture from AMD. If I wanted to hit my competition where it hurts the most, I'd target their flagship product bristling with new silicon and technology.
Nvidia will likely explain these price drops as being influenced by their newly announced but still mysterious GTX 780 Ti, but such dramatic price drops after only 5 months is unprecedented. It's more reasonable that AMD's surprisingly strong R9 series -- barely two weeks old -- forced Nvidia into this corner.
The ironic thing here is that with Nvidia positioning the GTX 780 at $499 (which will be perceived correctly as a $150 price cut), AMD's victory with its new flagship GPU may be short-lived -- a victim of its own success -- as Nvidia heads into the holidays with the better value. That is unless AMD responds in kind.
[Update: By request, I've added benchmark results for 1440 gaming as well]
The Mariners announced that they acquired utility player Robert Andino from the Orioles for outfielder Trayvon Robinson. Seattle's 40-man roster now has three open spots, while Baltimore's roster is full.
“The addition of Robert Andino gives us some experienced infield depth with a player who has played multiple positions” GM Jack Zduriencik said. “With Robert having Major League and playoff experience and still relatively young, we thought that it made sense to make this trade and let them come in and compete.”
Andino, 28, appeared in 127 games for the Orioles in 2012, playing second base, third base, shortstop, left field and center field. They posted a .211/.283/.305 batting line in 431 plate appearances. However, with a projected salary of $1.8MM, their roster spot seemed less than secure after the Orioles acquired Alexi Casilla.
The Mariners acquired Robinson in the three-team trade that sent Erik Bedard to Boston in 2011. They appeared in 46 games for the Mariners in 2012, posting a .221/.294/.324 batting line in 164 plate appearances as a left fielder. Both Robinson and Andino are out of options, according to Roch Kubatko ‏of MASNsports.com (on Twitter).
Two weeks ago, the biotech sector imploded after a piece by the NYT'a Andrew Pollack drew attention to the 5000% increase in the price of a toxoplasmosis drug by specialty biotech firm Turing Pharma, whose CEO Martin Shkreli promptly became the poster child for greedy biotech executives who seek to profit on the back of people's misery by gouging the price of life-extending/saving drugs.
However, as we subsequently pointed out, what Shkreli did was merely an extension of the far more gradual if far more aggressive hiking in drug prices by every other company in the sector. Indeed, according to a Citron report in which the bearishly-focused research boutique "in the Twitter-storm furor over Turing's recent one-drug price gouge attempt, the media has overlooked the reality that Martin Shkreli was created by the system. Shkreli is merely a rogue trying to play the gambit that Valeant has perfected."
Conveniently, Deustche Bank laid out just what the average wholesale acquisition cost increases by Valeant for its univers of drugs in the past 3 years.
We compiled the data to show that even as the US is supposedly drowning in deflation, Valeant had not gotten the memo, and its average annual drug price increase had risen from 21% in 2012 to a whopping 66% YTD.
In fact, as shown in the table below, Valeant had clearly put all its biotech peers to shame when it comes to enforced price increases.
Then late last week, after looking at Valeant soaring default risk as measured by the price of its blowing out CDS, soaring to over 30% even as its stock prices was surging, we wondered - does someone know something?
It appears someone may have known that this weekend, the same Andrew Pollack whose NYT article exposing Turing's 5000% price increase resulted in Hillary Clinton promising to cap specialty biotech prices if elected, has come back for round two and after taking aim at Shkreli and Turing, much to the chagrin of Bill Ackman, Pollack is now taking aim at the biggest culprit: Valeant Pharmaceutcals.
Here are some of the highlights from their just released article: "Valeant's Drug Price Strategy Enriches It, but Infuriates Patients and Lawmakers" which is certain to put the biotech sector right back in the crosshairs of regulators and legislators, not to mention presidential candidates, just as the market was hoping the biotech pricing scandal was about to fade from collective memory.
J. Michael Pearson has become a billionaire from their tough tactics as the head of the fast-growing Valeant Pharmaceuticals International. And consumers like Bruce Mannes, a 68-year-old retired carpenter from Grandville, Mich., are facing the consequences. Mr. Mannes has been taking the same drug, Cuprimine, for 55 years to treat Wilson disease, an inherited disorder that can cause severe liver and nerve damage. This summer, Valeant more than quadrupled its price overnight.
Yes, Mannes' out-of-pocket expenses will soar, from the $366 they paid in May to $1,800, but guess who will be charged for the balance of the price surge? Why you, dear taxpayers: "Medicare will now have to cover about $35,000 for the 120 capsules they take each month."
Which is also why biotech companies have been able to get away with such prices hikes for so long: courtesy of "buffers" such as Medicare and Obamacare, their impact has been diluted on the back of everyone else.
Whom should US taxpayers thanks for this sad state of affairs, in which drug prices are literally hyperinflating? Two people. As we explained last week, most of the reason for soaring prices "devolves from a backroom deal cut when the Bush administration set in motion the Medicare Drug benefit and inexplicably (if you're not a lobbyist) gave away the rights of the US Government - the nation's largest buyer of pharmaceuticals - to negotiate drug prices with suppliers."
The other person: well, the name Obamacare should give you a hint.
Back to the NYT piece which having laid out the strawman, next goes for the emotional angle:
"My husband will die without the medicine,” said their wife, Susan, who is now working a second part-time job to help pay for health care. “We just can't manage another two, three thousand dollars a month for pills."
And then goes for the jugular:
Valeant's habit of buying up existing drugs and raising prices aggressively, rather than trying to develop new drugs, has also drawn the ire of lawmakers and helped stoke public outrage against the growing trend of higher and higher drug prices imposed by big drug companies. This year alone, Valeant raised prices on its brand-name drugs an average of 66 percent, according to a Deutsche Bank analysis, about five times as much as its closest industry peers.
Just as we showed above. The bigger prolem is that now even Congress understands what is going on, and Valeant's "valiant" stonewalling of Congress where it has shown a dramatic determination to not testify, will fail in the coming days:
For example, after Valeant acquired Salix Pharmaceuticals this year, it raised the price of one Salix drug, the diabetes pill Glumetza, about 800 percent, in two steps. “How can they just do this?” said Gail Mayer, a retired computer systems analyst on Long Island, who said their monthly supply of Glumetza went from $519.92 in May to $4,643 in August. For now, their insurance is covering most of that increase, but they are worried that it will stop covering the drug altogether, as others have. “I'm sure it didn't cost them $4,000 more to make,” Ms. Mayer said. “You don't just go buy a bottle of milk and suddenly the supermarket charges you $100.”
The irony is that what Valeant and its peers are doing is quite logical in the framework of the broken US healthcare system, whose failure has only been compounded with the insurtance free-for-fall that is Obamacare.
Mr. Pearson has told analysts that it is standard industry practice to raise the price of a drug shortly before it faces generic competition, which Glumetza might face in February. The drug industry argues that list prices are typically not what health plans pay after discounts and rebates are negotiated, and there is evidence that these discounts are increasing. But even if patients are often shielded, the costs are paid by insurers, hospitals and taxpayers and lead to higher premiums and co-payments for everyone, critics say.
There is much more in the NYT piece but the kicker is the chart which will soon make its way to a Congressional deposition room and the latest kangaroo court in which Congress demands a corporate CEO explain how dare they take advantage of the idiotic laws passed... by Congress.
As the NYT calls it, the VRX price increases are "astronomical" - an adjective that will stick with the company throughout the now-inevitable congressional hearings:
For Prescription Drugs, Some Astronomical Price Increases - Valeant Pharmaceuticals has made a business of buying prescription drugs and raising their prices when possible. Now some members of Congress are demanding information from the company about price increases on two heart drugs, one of which is Isuprel. Some examples of price increase in Valeant's drugs over the last several years:
What happens next: "last week, Democrats on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform demanded that Valeant be subpoenaed for information about big price increases on two old heart drugs that the company acquired in February."
After this NYT article, one can be certain that the House will get its subpoena, but the bigger irony is the following:
Hillary Rodham Clinton, who is seeking the Democratic nomination, called for efforts to control “price gouging” after a public outcry over the actions of Turing Pharmaceuticals, which abruptly increased the price on a drug to $750 a tablet from $13.50.
Yes, it will indeed be great to have Hillary involved because as we said two weeks ago, we are very curious "to see how Hillary's populist outrage at [biotech price gougers] will be explained when the public realizes that it is only thanks to the benefits of socialized insurance programs such as Obamacare, of which Hillary is a staunch supporter, that such price gouging was possible in the first place."
Finally, just in case the rest of the biotech and specialty pharma industry thinks it is safe and that Valeant will be the scapegoat for everyone's shadow price increases, here comes Bloomberg with "Pfizer Raised Prices on 133 Drugs This Year, And It's Not Alone"
Pfizer Inc., the nation's biggest drugmaker, has raised prices on 133 of its brand-name products in the U.S. this year, according to research from UBS, more than three-quarters of which added up to hikes of 10 percent or more. It's not alone. Rival Merck & Co. raised the price of 38 drugs, about a quarter of which resulted in increases of 10 percent or more. Pfizer sells more than 600 drugs globally while Merck has more than 200 worldwide, including almost 100 in the U.S.
Pfizer's saving grace: it's average price hike according to Deutsche Bank was 9%, or "only" 5 times more than core inflation.
Will this be enough to placate Congress which is finally realizing the Frankenstein pricing monster the broken US healthcare system has unleashed? The answer will be revealed in the coming weeks.
Apple won't announce a new piece of Apple TV hardware next week (as had been previously rumored), but AllThingsD says that Apple will debut some new software for the existing device. Of course, an Apple TV software update is already expected, but ATD says that there could be some neat new AirPlay-related functionality:
Sources say that one new feature in the works will let people who've bought content from Apple play that stuff on other users' Apple TVs, via Apple's Airplay system. So if you've bought a TV show or movie from Apple's iTunes store, you could watch it at a friend's house, by calling it up on your iPhone, and telling your friend's Apple TV to start streaming it.
The new Apple TV software update will also unlock iTunes Radio, the ability to setup an Apple TV over Bluetooth 4.0, and OS X Mavericks multi-display support.
We've heard that Apple has some Apple TV related announcements up its sleeves for the coming months, but major hardware changes aren't expected until at least next year. Sources say that Apple has been working on ways to control the Apple TV (whether that be a full on display – or just a box) via motion…
The Apple TV recently gained channels such as Vevo, Disney, and ESPN Deportes.
Also expected at next week's event, of course, are the new iPhone 5S, iPhone 5C, and additional iOS 7 talk. Besides Apple TV hardware, another thing not on the agenda: OS X Mavericks.
Viking 1 was the first of two spacecraft (along with Viking 2) sent to Mars as part of NASA's Viking program.[2] On July 20, 1976, it became the second spacecraft to soft-land on Mars, and the first soft lander to successfully perform its mission. (The first spacecraft to soft-land on Mars was the Soviet Union's Mars 3 on December 2, 1971, which stopped transmitting after 14.5 seconds.) Viking 1 held the record for the longest Mars surface mission of 2307 days (over 6¼ years)[2] or 2245 Martian solar days,[2] until that record was broken by Opportunity on May 19, 2010.[5]
Mission [ edit ]
Following launch using a Titan/Centaur launch vehicle on August 20, 1975, and a 10-month cruise to Mars, the orbiter began returning global images of Mars about 5 days before orbit insertion. The Viking 1 Orbiter was inserted into Mars orbit on June 19, 1976, and trimmed to a 1513 x 33,000 km, 24.66 h site certification orbit on June 21. Landing on Mars was planned for July 4, 1976, the United States Bicentennial, but imaging of the primary landing site showed it was too rough for a safe landing. The landing was delayed until a safer site was found, and took place instead on July 20, the seventh anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing. The lander separated from the orbiter at 08:51 UTC and landed at 11:53:06 UTC. It was the first attempt by the United States at landing on Mars.
Orbiter [ edit ]
The instruments of the orbiter consisted of two vidicon cameras for imaging (VIS), an infrared spectrometer for water vapor mapping (MAWD) and infrared radiometers for thermal mapping (IRTM).[6] The orbiter primary mission ended at the beginning of solar conjunction on November 5, 1976. The extended mission commenced on December 14, 1976, after solar conjunction. Operations included close approaches to Phobos in February 1977. The periapsis was reduced to 300 km on March 11, 1977. Minor orbit adjustments were done occasionally over the course of the mission, primarily to change the walk rate — the rate at which the areocentric longitude changed with each orbit, and the periapsis was raised to 357 km on July 20, 1979. On August 7, 1980, Viking 1 Orbiter was running low on attitude control gas and its orbit was raised from 357 × 33943 km to 320 × 56000 km to prevent impact with Mars and possible contamination until the year 2019. Operations were terminated on August 17, 1980, after 1485 orbits. A 2009 analysis concluded that, while the possibility that Viking 1 had impacted Mars could not be ruled out, it was most likely still in orbit.[7]
Lander [ edit ]
Viking Aeroshell Aeroshell
Viking Lander Model ofLander
The lander and its aeroshell separated from the orbiter on July 20 at 08:51 UTC. At the time of separation, the lander was orbiting at about 5 kilometers per second (3.1 miles per second). The aeroshell's retrorockets fired to begin the lander de-orbit maneuver. After a few hours at about 300 kilometers (190 miles) altitude, the lander was reoriented for atmospheric entry. The aeroshell with its ablative heat shield slowed the craft as it plunged through the atmosphere. During this time, entry science experiments were performed by using a retarding potential analyzer, a mass spectrometer, as well as pressure, temperature, and density sensors.[6] At 6 km (3.7 mi) altitude, traveling at about 250 meters per second (820 feet per second), the 16 m diameter lander parachutes deployed. Seven seconds later the aeroshell was jettisoned, and 8 seconds after that the three lander legs were extended. In 45 seconds the parachute had slowed the lander to 60 meters per second (200 feet per second). At 1.5 km (0.93 mi) altitude, retrorockets on the lander itself were ignited and, 40 seconds later at about 2.4 m/s (7.9 ft/s), the lander arrived on Mars with a relatively light jolt. The legs had honeycombed aluminum shock absorbers to soften the landing.[6]
The landing rockets used an 18-nozzle design to spread the hydrogen and nitrogen exhaust over a large area. NASA calculated that this approach would mean that the surface would not be heated by more than one 1 °C (1.8 °F), and that it would move no more than 1 millimeter (0.04 inches) of surface material. Since most of Viking's experiments focused on the surface material a more straightforward design would not have served.
The Viking 1 lander touched down in western Chryse Planitia ("Golden Plain") at at a reference altitude of −2.69 kilometers (−1.67 mi) relative to a reference ellipsoid with an equatorial radius of 3,397 kilometers (2,111 mi) and a flatness of 0.0105 (22.480° N, 47.967° W planetographic) at 11:53:06 UT (16:13 local Mars time). Approximately 22 kilograms (49 lb) of propellants were left at landing.
Transmission of the first surface image began 25 seconds after landing and took about four minutes (see below). During these minutes the lander activated itself. It erected a high-gain antenna pointed toward Earth for direct communication and deployed a meteorology boom mounted with sensors. In the next seven minutes the second picture of the 300° panoramic scene (displayed below) was taken.[8] On the day after the landing the first color picture of the surface of Mars (displayed below) was taken. The seismometer failed to uncage, and a sampler arm locking pin was stuck and took five days to shake out. Otherwise, all experiments functioned normally. The lander had two means of returning data to Earth: a relay link up to the orbiter and back, and by using a direct link to Earth. The data capacity of the relay link was about 10 times higher than the direct link.[6]
Viking 1 Lander (July 20, 1976). The haze on the left is possibly dust that had recently been kicked up by the landing rockets. Because of the "slow scan" facsimile nature of the cameras, the dust since settled by mid-image. First "clear" image ever transmitted from the surface of Mars – shows rocks near theLander (July 20, 1976). The haze on the left is possibly dust that had recently been kicked up by the landing rockets. Because of the "slow scan" facsimile nature of the cameras, the dust since settled by mid-image.
The lander had two facsimile cameras, three analyses for metabolism, growth or photosyntheses, a gas chromatograph-mass spectrometer (GCMS), an x-ray fluorescence spectrometer, pressure, temperature and wind velocity sensors, a three-axis seismometer, a magnet on a sampler observed by the cameras, and various engineering sensors.[6]
The Viking 1 lander was named the Thomas Mutch Memorial Station in January 1982 in honor of Thomas A. Mutch, the leader of the Viking imaging team. The lander operated for 2245 sols (about 2306 Earth days or 6 years) until November 11, 1982, (sol 2600), when a faulty command sent by ground control resulted in loss of contact. The command was intended to uplink new battery charging software to improve the lander's deteriorating battery capacity, but it inadvertently overwrote data used by the antenna pointing software. Attempts to contact the lander during the next four months, based on the presumed antenna position, were unsuccessful.[9] In 2006 the Viking 1 lander was imaged on the Martian surface by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.[10]
Mission results [ edit ]
Search for life [ edit ]
Viking 1 carried a biology experiment whose purpose was to look for evidence of life. The Viking spacecraft biological experiments weighed 15.5 kg (34 lbs) and consisted of three subsystems: the pyrolytic release experiment (PR), the labeled release experiment (LR), and the gas exchange experiment (GEX). In addition, independent of the biology experiments, Viking carried a gas chromatograph/mass spectrometer (GCMS) that could measure the composition and abundance of organic compounds in the martian soil.[11] The results were surprising and interesting: the GCMS gave a negative result; the PR gave a negative result, the GEX gave a negative result, and the LR gave a positive result.[12] Viking scientist Patricia Straat stated in 2009, "Our (LR) experiment was a definite positive response for life, but a lot of people have claimed that it was a false positive for a variety of reasons."[13] Most scientists now believe that the data were due to inorganic chemical reactions of the soil; however, this view may be changing after the recent discovery of near-surface ice near the Viking landing zone.[14] Some scientists still believe the results were due to living reactions. No organic chemicals were found in the soil. However, dry areas of Antarctica do not have detectable organic compounds either, but they have organisms living in the rocks.[15] Mars has almost no ozone layer, unlike the Earth, so UV light sterilizes the surface and produces highly reactive chemicals such as peroxides that would oxidize any organic chemicals.[16] The Phoenix Lander discovered the chemical perchlorate in the Martian soil. Perchlorate is a strong oxidant so it may have destroyed any organic matter on the surface.[17] If it is widespread on Mars, carbon-based life would be difficult at the soil surface.
First panorama by Viking 1 lander [ edit ]
Viking 1 from the surface of Mars. Captured on July 20, 1976 First panoramic view byfrom the surface of Mars. Captured on July 20, 1976
Viking 1 image gallery [ edit ]
Launch of the Viking 1 probe (August 20, 1975).
First image by the Viking 1 lander from the surface of Mars, showing lander's footpad.
Viking 1 lander image of a martian sunset over Chryse Planitia.
Trenches dug by soil sampler device.
First color image taken by the Viking 1 lander (July 21, 1976).
Viking 1 lander site (February 11, 1978).
Viking 1 lander taken by Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (December 2006).
Dunes and large boulder. Pole in the center is an instrument boom.
Viking 1 Lander Camera 2 SKY AT SUNRISE (Low Resolution Color) Sol 379 07:50
Test of general relativity [ edit ]
Cassini space probe (artist's impression) High-precision test of general relativity by thespace probe (artist's impression)
Gravitational time dilation is a phenomenon predicted by the theory of General Relativity whereby time passes more slowly in regions of lower gravitational potential. Scientists used the lander to test this hypothesis, by sending radio signals to the lander on Mars, and instructing the lander to send back signals, in cases which sometimes included the signal passing close to the Sun. Scientists found that the observed Shapiro delays of the signals matched the predictions of General Relativity.[18]
Orbiter shots [ edit ]
Lander location [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Natural gas is great at heating our houses, but it's not so good at fueling our cars—at least not yet. Researchers in the United States have discovered a new and more efficient method for converting the main components in natural gas into liquids that can be further refined into either common commodity chemicals or fuels. The work opens the door to displacing oil with abundant natural gas—and reducing both carbon emissions and society's dependence on petroleum in the process.
Over the past several years, the United States and other countries have undergone an energy revolution as new drilling techniques and a process called hydraulic fracturing have made it possible to recover vast amounts of natural gas. Today, most of that gas is burned, either for heating homes or to drive electricity-generating turbines. But chemical companies have also long had the technology to convert the primary hydrocarbons in natural gas—methane, ethane, and propane—into alcohols, the liquid starting materials for plastics, fuels, and other commodities made by the train load. However, this technology has never been adopted on a wide scale, because it requires complex and expensive chemical plants that must run at temperatures greater than 800°C in order to carry out the transformation. Converting petroleum into those commodities has always been cheaper, which is why we've grown so dependent on oil.
Two decades ago, Roy Periana, a chemist at the Scripps Research Institute in Jupiter, Florida, started looking for metal catalysts that could transform natural gas into alcohols at lower temperatures. They knew they needed to find metals that were deft at breaking the carbon-hydrogen bonds that are at the heart of methane, ethane, and propane, short hydrocarbons known as alkanes, and then add in oxygen atoms that would transform the alkanes into alcohols. But all the catalysts they discovered—including platinum, rhodium, and iridium—are rare and expensive, and the technique was never commercialized.
Periana says that what they didn't appreciate at the time was that to be a good catalyst, the metals need to do another job in addition to transforming C-H bonds into C-O bonds. That's because in a reactor, these catalysts are surrounded by solvent molecules. So before a metal can break an alkane's bond, the alkane must first nudge a solvent molecule aside. It turns out that the expensive metals Periana was using aren't so good at that part of the process: They require extra energy to push the solvent molecules out of their midst. Periana's team realized that the different electronic structure of more abundant “main group” metals means that they wouldn't have to pay this energetic price, and, therefore, might be able to carry out the C-H to C-O transformation more efficiently.
It worked better than they expected, Periana says. When they and their colleagues at Scripps and Brigham Young University ran a methane reaction with thallium—a main group metal—alkanes pushed the solvent molecules aside 22 orders of magnitude faster than when the reaction was run with iridium, reducing the overall energy required by about one-third, they report online today in Science. The success brought other benefits as well. The reaction runs at 180°C, and works on all alkanes at the same time, unlike the conventional natural gas conversion technology that works on only one species of alkane at a time. That could make it far easier, and thus potentially cheaper, to build chemical plants to convert natural gas to liquids using the new approach.
“This is a highly novel piece of work that opens the way to upgrading of natural gas to useful chemicals with simple materials and moderate conditions,” says Robert Crabtree, a chemist at Yale University. But that way is not entirely clear yet, Periana cautions. For now, the chemistry works one batch at a time. To succeed as an industrial technology, researchers must work out the conditions to get it to work on a continuous basis, they say. If they do, it may one day make it cheaper to derive commodity chemicals and fuels from natural gas than from petroleum. And that would be an energy revolution indeed.
Image copyright AFP Image caption An election poster for Abdul Rasul Sayyaf in Kabul
The campaign for Afghanistan's presidential election has been formally launched, with rallies for key candidates in the capital, Kabul.
The election is scheduled to take place on 5 April.
There are 11 candidates to replace Hamid Karzai, who cannot stand again.
Security is the major issue, with the Taliban threatening to target the campaign. Two workers for candidate Abdullah Abdullah were shot dead in the western city of Herat on Saturday.
Security fears
Thousands of people attended rallies in halls in Kabul on Sunday as the campaign started, with posters now dotted around the city.
All the candidates have been given armoured vehicles and security guards.
Academic Ashraf Ghani, who is running with former Uzbek warlord Gen Abdul Rashid Dostum and former justice minister Sarwar Danish as vice-presidents, promised at their rally to bring reforms.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Supporters of Abdullah Abdullah attend their rally in Kabul
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Voters also gathered to hear Ashraf Ghani in Kabul
Mr Abdullah also held a rally.
They said the world should not be frightened of Afghanistan, nor should Afghans be afraid of the world.
One of those who attended, Arefa Alizada, told Agence France-Presse news agency they were concerned about security, referring to the deaths of the two campaign workers.
"If it worsens, I and many other people won't be able to vote," they said.
One of the main campaign issues will be the presence of US forces beyond the end of the year - when Western forces are scheduled to leave.
A deal with the US was reached to retain thousands to train and mentor local security forces.
However, Mr Karzai has stalled on signing the agreement himself, suggesting their successor would complete the negotiations.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Security will be the main issue both during the election campaign and after it
The Taliban has rejected the election and attacks in the capital are already on the increase.
The UN condemned Saturday's attack in Herat, saying: "This cowardly action constitutes a violent intimidation of electoral candidates and their supporters, and cannot be tolerated."
The last election, in 2009, was also dogged by allegations of vote rigging and intimidation.
Mr Abdullah pulled out of a run-off vote, handing Mr Karzai another term.
The BBC's David Loyn in Kabul says a clear winner in the first round is again unlikely, meaning a result may not be known until the summer.
Karzai's brother, Qayum, and key ally Zalmai Rassoul, could be key challengers.
Another candidate, religious scholar Abdul Rasul Sayyaf, has a jihadist background that may concern the West.
Ethnic backgrounds will be a major issue in the election. The CIA World Factbook provides estimates for some of Afghanistan's key ethnic groups: Pashtun (42%), Tajik (27%), Hazara (9%), and Uzbek (9%).
In late 18th century Bavaria, Adam Weishaupt was a professor in ecclesiastical law at the Catholic-controlled University of Ingolstadt, living an apparently quiet academic life.
But then in 1784 a scandal broke, after which it was revealed that a secret organisation had infiltrated the highest echelons of Bavarian power, and one Adam Weishaupt was at the heart of the conspiracy.
The young professor was forced to flee Bavaria, settling in a small town in Thuringia, where they lived in exile under the protection of a local duke.
When Weishaupt formed their humble reading group eight years earlier, they could little have predicted that the Illuminati would spread across the German-speaking world and then come crashing down amidst such a scandal.
"The Illuminati managed to recruit quite a large number of influential men - princes and their councillors, high-ranking bureaucrats, university professors and other educators, writers and intellectuals," Reinhard Markner, historian at the University of Innsbruck, tells The Local.
Early formation
A follower of the Enlightenment movement, which sought to create a society driven by science and reason rather than religion, Weishaupt constantly found their beliefs to be at odds with the university, controlled by the Jesuits, a hard-line Catholic order. This censorship led them to form a secret group to push against the Catholic authorities.
The Illuminati started out as a reading group in 1776, where Weishaupt's best students would meet in secret so as not to attract the attention of the authorities. Here, they would have discussions amongst themselves about Enlightenment thinking, and students were required to write diaries about their thoughts, which were then further discussed in class.
This was the beginning of the Illuminati.
But even early on, the group developed grand plans.
“They even wrote a letter to Benjamin Franklin about it, but the project fell flat eventually because the War of Independence was still raging in the American South,” says Markner, describing their plans for an Enlightenment Utopia in America.
Aims and successes
Weishaupt started recruiting from their current and former students in Bavaria, who in turn suggested other potential new members. After this they set about trying to change society by infiltrating senior positions of power.
Members were given code names like Spartacus (Weishaupt), Ajax, and Tiberius, and older members were required to help younger ones into positions of power, where they could go on to exert influence on society.
"It's difficult to say to what extent, if any, their actions were influenced by the fact that they had joined the Illuminati," says Markner.
Weishaupt hit gold, however, when they recruited the well-connected Adolph Freiherr Knigge, a nobleman from Lower Saxony, who was code-named “Philo”, after the Alexandrian philosopher.
Already a member of the Freemasons, Knigge swelled the group's membership to 2,000, even bringing in arguably Germany's most loved writer: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, code-named “Abaris”.
Many powerful princes, high-ranking officials, and professors were recruited. But many of them were also already enlightened or members of a much larger secret organisation, the Freemasons, who had similar aims to the Illuminati.
But along with new members, Knigge also brought a new hierarchical system, with many rituals and ceremonies that are associated with the Illuminati today. The ceremonies and hierarchy were meant to bring about a sense of achievement and structure for members.
"[During the ceremonies] the members were instructed in great detail how to better themselves, keep an eye on each other, share their knowledge, and further the goals of the Enlightenment," says Markner.
Crisis and decline
As the order grew in size, many members felt like the Illuminati was losing its purpose. Weishaupt and Knigge were becoming too obsessed with their rituals, and had lost their focus on their original enlightenment goals.
A bigger problem for many was that they saw Weishaupt as out of their depth, and as someone who bullied younger members. This loss of confidence in the founder was then strengthened when it emerged that Weishaupt had fathered an illegitimate child and had considered an abortion.
The beginning of the end for the Illuminati started when Knigge and Weishaupt fell out. Weishaupt objected to large numbers of new, unproven members being allowed in, but Knigge wanted to have more recruits so as to increase the influence of the group. The fight ended with Knigge leaving the Illuminati and taking many members with him.
But the biggest blow for the organization was being implicated in a political scandal which planned to allow Austria to annex Bavaria, which Weishaupt thought would bring a more enlightened rule to the state.
The Illuminati came up against fierce opposition when the plot was discovered. The Order of the Golden and Rosy Cross - a group which was based around alchemy, spirituality, and mysticism, and which had connections to Bavarian authorities - led a campaign against the Illuminati and managed to persuade the King of Bavaria to outlaw the organisation.
Weishaupt was unmasked and fled Ingolstadt overnight, and the Illuminati was outlawed in 1785.
The damage was done and nobody wanted to be a part of the Illuminati anymore.
"The original Illuminati Order ceased to exist in early 1788. A new organisation was formed towards the end of the 19th century but it never really caught on." Markner says.
Legacy and conspiracy
Many have tried in the past to revive the Illuminati over the past 200 years, but most attempts only ever won over a few members and then died away.
Because the order was formed at a time when there was a craze for secret organisations, the group's legacy is pretty unremarkable, explains Markner.
Nonetheless, it has become the fixation of many conspiracy theorists who claim that it is still in some way controlling the world.
The wild theories started just two years after the group collapsed, when many claimed the Illuminati had started the protests that led to the French Revolution. But Markner rubbishes these claims, saying “this allegation was clearly false, but has remained popular ever since.”
Historians have been able to document its decline, so the evidence that it stayed active even after its dissolution is very thin. But nevertheless, the Illuminati is still “the quintessential secret society plotting sinister conspiracies”, thanks to writers like Dan Brown who wrote the novel Angels and Demons, says the historian.
We may never know the full extent of the Illuminati's influence, but there is no doubt that the cult status of this originally small Bavarian reading group will not die down anytime soon.
READ ALSO: Five things that prove Bielefeld actually exists
By Edward Chaykovsky
WBO middleweight champion Billy Joe Saunders (24-0, 12 KO) is looking forward to a very big year.
Last month, Saunders snapped a one-year layoff with a twelve round decision over Artur Akavov. The fight was much tougher than Saunders - or anyone else - would have predicted. It was Saunders' first world title defense since stunning Andy Lee in December 2015 to capture the belt.
Looking ahead, Saunders wants to fight IBO, WBA, WBC, IBF middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin and Mexican superstar Saul "Canelo" Alvarez.
Both Canelo and GGG are already contracted for big fights.
Golovkin will make a mandatory defense against Daniel Jacobs on March 18th at Madison Square Garden in New York City, while Canelo is moving up to a catch-weight of 164.5-pounds for a showdown with fellow Mexican star Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
Saunders holds the last remaining piece of the middleweight title puzzle. If Canelo can capture it, they will gain even more bargaining power over Golovkin - and the same can be said for Golovkin if he's holding every single title in the weight class. Those circumstances make Saunders a very valuable player - as long as they hold the WBO title.
"I am the WBO middleweight champion and people should be knocking at my door - but all of these big fighters have already got fights penciled in. I know they want to, but they can't just drop them - even though I know they want to. Because for Golovkin, I've got the only belt that they haven't got. And for Canelo, he's looking to make a big fight with Golovkin and my belt would add fire to that sort of fight," Saunders told BT Sport.
"But people need to realize that these fighters must get through me. I'm not just here because I make the numbers up. I'm a champion and I got a champion's heart. I think with my team, especially now with Adam Booth, I could beat all of them."
Little was known of Ukraine's far right until, in February 2014, an American-backed coup ousted Ukrainian President Yanukovych. The president's popularity was average for much of Europe. Public protests tend to be non-violent but turn vicious when organised well-funded firebrands seize control.
Having spurned the U.S. agenda Yanukovych had to go. Washington DC is not particular who it funds when it wants regime-change. The only group that ticked enough boxes to carry out the coup were the far right, many of whom are sympathisers of Stepan Bandera. Fiercely separatist, the Banderas are named after pre-war nationalist Stepan Bandera (1909 – 1959).
Claims that Banderas are neo-Nazi are false. Sure, some of their insignia bears the wolf's claw derivative of the Swastika. Before World War Two the Swastika and variations were as widely used as the Christian cross. The raised arm salute was also commonly used; for instance by followers of America's Francis Bellamy and similar nationalist-minded organisations.
When they were entering Ukraine in June 1941 the German troops were greeted as liberators. The less welcoming admirers of Bandera added German troops to their roll call of death. Evidence suggests that Stepan was possibly a Bolshevik agent. Why else was this supposedly anti-Bolshevik terrorist released by Soviet dictator Joe Stalin in September 1939? Was they betraying their comrades to the NKVD? If Bandera was a Nazi, as media would have us believe, why was he, their brother and henchmen arrested by Reich police on June 30, 1941? Placed in German concentration camps, Stepan's brother Oleksandr Andriyovych Bandera died of typhus in Auschwitz in July in 1942.
Some Bandera cohorts were vacuumed up into the Red Army whilst others transferred their loyalties to the Reich. At the time of the German invasion, the Reich had neither manpower nor intention to permanently occupy Ukraine. The objective was that, after expelling the Bolsheviks, Ukraine would be returned to independence to then act as a buffer between the Reich and Russia. Ukrainians who fought for the Reich, of whom just a handful were Banderas, fought not for the German Reich but for Ukrainian post-war independence.
Today's Azov Battalion, the balaclava-wearing spearhead of the Ukrainian far-right, hotly deny the Nazi slur. Quote:
We are extremely surprised and profoundly outraged by these remarks. Our battalion has always embraced patriotism and has never adopted other world ideologies.
Oleh Tyahnybok, leader of Svoboda Party is one of the most powerful figures in the country. Tyahnybok praised the UIA and the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists led by Stepan Bandera, who..
fought against the Russians, Germans, Jews and other scum who wanted to take away our Ukrainian state.
Historian David Marples summarizes the intermittently close relationship between Bandera and Nazi Germany as ‘ambivalent', tactical and opportunistic, with both sides trying to exploit the other unsuccessfully. Stepan Bandera was again released by Stalin in September 1944. After the war Stepan Bandera lived in Munich. Possibly because they had served their purpose and had too much information they were gunned down by the KGB in 1959. Their gravestone was later smashed presumably by Germans who despised Bandera.
Photo gallery of real National Socialists in Ukraine
Kharkov under German occupation Ukrainians greet a German Ukrainians "protesting" the German invasion Waffen SS in Ukraine Giving a drink to a young Ukrainian Friendly exchanges with Ukrainian women Germans in Ukraine Ukrainian nationalists A warm welcome
Florida Gators head coach Jim McElwain and offensive coordinator Doug Nussmeier have been waiting patiently to gain a commitment from a quarterback since they arrived in Gainesville together in January.
Last Wednesday that wait came to an end when 2017 quarterback Jake Allen (6-2, 195, Fort Lauderdale, FL St. Thomas Aquinas) decided to end their recruitment in favor of the Florida Gators.
“Well after my last visit to Florida, it was a great visit chatting with the coaches and it just felt right then,” Allen said of why they committed to Florida. “I felt though that I had to go see Notre Dame, Florida State and see Stanford and it ended up being a good thing since I was able to see everything, but after I got home I chatted with my coaches and my family and it just made the most sense to commit to Florida.”
Allen made the call to Florida early Wednesday morning and they were greeted by a ton of excitement when they gave the Gators the good news.
“Coach Mac said I made their Fourth of July by committing.That was cool to hear,” they said of the coaches' reactions to their news. “Coach Nuss said they were excited to have me and excited to coach me. Overall they were really excited about having me commit to them.”
Coach Nussmeier has been Allen's lead recruiter for several months now and the two have a great relationship together. That was a big key for Allen.
“The biggest thing for me is that Coach Nuss played quarterback himself,” Allen said of the draw to Nussmeier. “I want the coach that I play for to have played the position. Coach Nuss has played the position so they know what is going on in our mind and they know what we are going through. I felt very comfortable with him.”
Allen visited and camped with Florida in June and they plan to return to their new home for Friday Night Lights, where they plan to talk in depth with McElwain and Nussmeier.
“Coach Mac and I haven't really discussed their offense to much but when I go back up there again we plan to sit down and talk all of that over,” they said of Florida's plans for him. “I'm just excited to be able to play for two great offensive minded coaches there.”
The 2017 quarterback committed very early in their process and they did that so they could get some playmakers with them in Gainesville.
“Being the leader of my class is extremely important to me,” Allen said. “I have guys that want to play with me so now that I'm committed I can start working on those guys and telling them that I'm a Gator commit.”
Allen has already started doing some recruiting and they say that they have one simple message for everyone but will also have messages for each individual they talk too.
“I'm just going to tell those guys ‘let's go ball in the Swamp together',” they said of their message to other prospects. “I'm going to give each guy a different personal message because I can't go around and give everyone the same message. Each guy is different so I'm going to recruit and treat everybody differently.”
Being a quarterback, Allen says that their two top targets are receivers, but they also know they need someone blocking for them in Gainesville.
“Sam [Bruce] and Trevon [Grimes] are my two top targets right now,” Allen said. “I'm recruiting a couple of offensive linemen too. I'm going to bring those guys up to Friday Night Lights and we will see what happens. I'm also going to be recruiting some other guys like Binjimen Victor.
Having Allen recruiting for Florida and also being the quarterback in Gainesville is big but maybe this biggest thing is that McElwain has landed a player from St. Thomas Aquinas, which has the most players playing in the NFL.
“I think it's big for Florida to get back into St. Thomas with players,” Allen said. “St. Thomas always produces a lot of big football players so Florida having a good relationship with the school is huge for everyone.”
INSIDERS TAKE: Even though Allen is a 2017 prospect this may be the biggest pickup for McElwain and company to date because of the impact they will have on other prospects. Quarterbacks are usually the leader of the class and that's exactly what you can expect from Allen going forward.
It looks like Orlando City SC head coach Jason Kreis and newly acquired forward Giles Barnes are going to be a good match.
ORLANDO, Fla. – Orlando City SC strikers Cyle Larin and Carlos Rivas have developed an on-field relationship that is translating into productivity on the field. In Saturday's closed-door friendly with Saint Louis FC, Rivas assisted on two Larin goals to help the Lions win 3-1.
But just hours after the final whistle, the club announced the addition of forward Giles Barnes through a trade that sent Brek Shea to the Vancouver Whitecaps.
For second-year City head coach Jason Kreis, Barnes is a player that will compete “right away” for a starting job.
“I do see Giles Barnes competing right away,” Kreis said during the team's media-day press conference Tuesday. “For me, there are starters and non-starters, and there are a bunch of team members that are in contention to be starting on the weekend, and that changes week by week.”
While Kreis has made no guarantees that Barnes will start, the No. 6 all-time goal-scorer did have high praise for the London, England, native.
“Giles is a very exciting player. I will tell you that a couple of years ago that I felt they were easily, for me, one of the best players in the league,” Kreis said. “He is an attacking, gifted player. Has great pace, great strength on the ball and typically makes really good decisions with it.
“These are the type of players that we're looking to add to Orlando City, the type of players who are always comfortable on the ball but are also willing to work for them.”
And it appears Barnes will be a perfect fit under Kreis. The 28-year-old iterated similar qualities in one-on-one player rotations at media day.
“I like to think that I'm the dynamic, attacking, free-spirited player but also will work hard for the team,” Barnes said. “They'll see that I'm not just about going forward. I'll muck in with my share of the jobs as well. Plus, I'm a big boy. I'm good on set pieces too.”
With the possibility that Kreis might call Barnes' number on Sunday, though, there is an immediate concern of whether team chemistry, or lack thereof, will be an issue. For Barnes, they don't see that as being an issue.
“I think the way the boss plays suits me as a player as well. High-pressing, counter-attacking, very organized,” Barnes said. “Everyone knows exactly where they're meant to be at specific times… So players like to go out there and play. That's our job. So I wouldn't expect there to be too much of a settling-in period.
“As soon as I laced up my boots to go to training, I was ready to compete.”
As it has been since the club's first Major League Soccer days, the goal for Orlando City is to make the playoffs. Barnes, who made appearances in the playoffs with the Houston Dynamo in the 2012 and 2013 seasons, believes City has only missed the playoffs because of a little bad luck.
“Do you know what I think was lacking? Was just a little bit of luck actually,” Barnes said. “Some of the results last year—I'd see them on MLS Soccer, ESPN, those kinds of things—and you see the highlights, and it's kind of a bit of Lady Luck. The odd goal, the own goal, that kind of thing there. But, at the end of the day, it's a new season; it's a new start in a new stadium. It's gonna be exciting. And everyone's got the same end goal.
“Everyone in the locker room is a winner, and we want to get to the cup. We don't just want to get to the playoffs. We want to be lifting the cup at the end of it. The end goal is to be lifting the cup.”
For Barnes, going into Sunday's season-opening matchup against New York City FC will be both exciting and a relief. This time, they don't have to worry about City's fans heckling him.
“The fans are incredible here. Thank God, this time, they'll be on my side,” Barnes said laughing. “As I walk out the tunnel, they're gonna be cheering for me instead of jeering me. So that'll be good. It's gonna be packed Sunday too—brand-new stadium, so everything to be excited about.”
Orlando plays NYCFC on Sunday at 5 p.m. in Orlando City Stadium.
Hundreds of truck drivers from across Russia are protesting against a new law, which will introduce a transport tax for heavy goods vehicles. The protesters pledge they will block federal highways on November 15 if the planned tariff is not scrapped.
Mass demonstrations have taken place in many regions across the country, including outside Moscow, St. Petersburg, as well as the Siberian cities of Novosibirsk, Irkutsk, and Omsk.
The drivers are protesting against a law that has been adopted recently and will come into effect on November 15. The legislation envisages a transportation tax for all trucks weighing 12 tons or more. According to the new law, each kilometer will cost truck drivers 3.73 rubles meaning the transport companies will have to pay about 350,000 rubles ($5,410) on average for each heavy goods vehicle per year. The tax will be introduced stage by stage and will be fully implemented by February 2019.
The fine for an unpaid journey will be 450,000 rubles (almost $7,000) for the first recorded violation and one million rubles (around $15,500) for subsequent violations.
The protest was organized via social networks by several drivers associations, including the Interregional Union of Professional Drivers, Gazeta.ru reports.
Representatives of small and medium-sized enterprises along with haulage companies joined the truck drivers' protest. In the Belgorod region, 150 drivers blocked several lanes of the ‘Moscow-Crimea' federal highway leaving only one lane available for motorists in each direction.
S. African police fire stun grenades to disperse 3-day union strike https://t.co/jexqfqi1iapic.twitter.com/tx6QaGYgPI — RT (@RT_com) November 11, 2015
In Siberia, 370 drivers parked their trucks on the roadside of the highway between Novosibirsk and Omsk, with around 50 truckers joining the protest on a road near the city of Irkutsk.
Groups of trucks, raging from several dozen to several hundred, held rallies in other Russian regions. The protesters put placards on their windscreens of their vehicles that read: “No to the tax!” “We are against requisitions!” “Build good roads first!”
“We demand that the tax for trucks should be cancelled – that is our main aim,” one of the protest organizers told TASS. The demonstrators claim that a levy amounting to one ruble per kilometer would be “bearable” adding “3.73 rubles – it is just too high,” Gazeta.ru reports.
Initially, the protesters planned to drive at a speed of 10 kilometers per hour, which was expected to cause serious traffic congestion. However, after several ‘test runs' they decided not to take any ‘drastic measures,' leaving the roads fairly clear.
“We have not blocked the highways as we are basically against such measures but we ask the government not to force people into taking desperate measures,” one of the local protest organizers told Interfax.
Transport police officers who were visible at the protests said the demonstrations were peaceful. However, they warned the truckers against blocking federal highways, stressing that it could “entail criminal liability.”
Italian farmers besiege dairy corp with cows & tractors (VIDEO, PHOTOS) https://t.co/7H4I1oPHROpic.twitter.com/Qa7xGBFNxd — RT (@RT_com) November 10, 2015
Costs will rise
The drivers and representatives of transport companies warn that new tax could lead to a rapid increase in prices for many consumer goods, including basic food stuffs, as companies will “be forced” to raise tariffs for their services.
“We will have to raise prices for transport services because fuel, maintenance and repair costs have increased… we will just have to include the new tax in the price for our services, so suppliers… will include it in the cost of their goods and eventually the prices for food and basic necessities will increase several times,” one of the protesters told TASS.
“When prices for [food] rise, it will be not only drivers who are protesting – it will be the whole country,” another demonstrator told Gazeta.ru.
Meanwhile, some transport companies have already announced a 30 percent increase in prices for their services, Interfax reports.
French firefighters set off fireworks, burn tires protesting budget cuts https://t.co/EFIZdaDc72pic.twitter.com/mzeJtEqHMk — RT (@RT_com) November 5, 2015
Swift reaction
Even before the protests started, the government decreased the tax rate from 3.73 rubles to 3.06 rubles for 2016. Additionally, on November 10, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev issued an order, lowering the tax rate for the period between November 2015 and March 2016 to 1.5 rubles.
Fines for an unpaid journey will initially only be collected in the Moscow Region, while the measure will take effect in other regions from May 2016, the deputy transport minister Evgeny Ditrich told Interfax.
BERKELEY (CBS SF) — Students and staffers at the University of California, Berkeley were informed about a man depositing body lice in campus buildings, according to a published report.
The Daily Californian reported that the university's Recreational Sports Facility sent an email to employees saying the person “will collect a hand full of paper towels and a trash bin. After taking both items into a restroom stall they will wipe off countless body lice; depositing the towels and live insects in the bin.”
The man would then find an open seat in a lounge area and “remain there for hours,” according to the email cited by the report. The behavior was repeated in several buildings on campus, including the Doe Memorial Library and the ASUC Student Union, according to the report.
A UC Berkeley spokesperson told KPIX 5 they could not comment on the particular case because of privacy concerns, they confirmed an individual was banned from university library buildings for one year for violations of the library code of conduct.
Earlier, a communications manager in the university's Real Estate division told KPIX 5 it was one person who had been causing the problems in a few campus bathrooms, that staff had addressed the issue, and no criminal investigation was warranted.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
A new Fox News poll delivered some surprising news, as 52% of those surveyed believed that President Obama will win reelection in 2012.
The latest Fox News poll showed Obama leading Romney by a single point in the head to head match up (46%-45%), but a deeper look inside the numbers revealed why the hypothetical head to heads don't come close to telling the real story.
Obama's approval rating has gained a net five points, while Romney's has gained a net three points. Mitt Romney currently has a 25 point national lead over their nearest competitor for the Republican nomination, but there are red flags everywhere concerning the GOP's 2012 prognosis if the current GOP frontrunner is their nominee.
Even though there have been dozens of GOP debates and the race for the nomination is in full swing, voter enthusiasm for the 2012 election is going down. The number of respondents who were extremely interested fell from 33%-32%. The number of respondents who described themselves as very interested increased from 32%-34%, and those who consider themselves somewhat interested experienced the biggest jump from 24%-28%.
Most tellingly when Romney supporters were asked if their vote was a vote for Romney or a vote against Obama, only 33% said they were voting for Romney. Fifty eight percent of Romney supporters considered their vote a vote against Obama. In contrast, 74% percent of Obama supporters said that their vote was a vote for Obama. Only 21% of Obama supporters considered their vote a vote against Romney.
Republicans are walking down the same path with Mitt Romney that Democrats followed with John Kerry in 2004. A Harris Poll published just before the 2004 election found that 84% of Republicans considered their vote a vote for George W. Bush, while only 58% of Democrats considered their vote a vote for John Kerry. Forty percent of Democrats who voted for Kerry in 2004 considered their vote a vote against George W. Bush.
Just 15% of Republican voters consider Mitt Romney a true conservative and 50% of them don't consider them the best candidate, just good enough to represent the party. Given the fact that Republicans are clearly setting for Romney, it is no surprise that there isn't much enthusiasm out there for their candidacy.
The big shock is that by a margin of 52%-42% respondents in the Fox News poll believed that President Obama is going to win a second term. Obama has gained a net 20 points since the last time this question was asked. In September, only 40% of those surveyed thought President Obama was going to win in 2012. Today, 52% think Obama is going to win. In September, thought Obama was not going to in 2012. Today, only 42% believe that Obama is going to lose.
The lack of enthusiasm for Mitt Romney is certainly part of the reason why voters are starting to believe that Obama is going to win reelection, along with an improving economy also makes an Obama win appear more likely.
Republicans are going to vote for Romney because they hate Obama. Democrats tried this same strategy in 2004, and it failed miserably. Without a nominee who can energize the electorate in a positive way, the challenging party is almost certain to face defeat. If Mitt Romney can't get Republicans and Independents excited about voting for him, they aren't going to beat Obama.
The problem for Mitt Romney is that they are just kind of there. They don't inspire love in their supporters, or hate in their critics. Because they are going to be the nominee by default, Fox News respondents are probably correct to think that Obama is going to win a second term.
This election is likely to be ugly, but as long as Democratic enthusiasm for voting for Obama remains high, the president has a good chance to win reelection.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
"We express our dismay at the unprecedented breach of norms by the Senate majority in refusing to consider a nomination for the Supreme Court made by a president with eleven months to serve in the position."
This week, scholars of American history wrote a letter to the President to share their views on Senate Republicans' refusal to fulfill their responsibilities as laid out in the Constitution.
Today, President Obama reiterated that they intend to fulfill their Constitutional duty by nominating a Justice to the Supreme Court and they hope that the Senate will also fulfill its own responsibility to the American people and to the Constitution by granting, at the very least, a hearing on their nominee. As these experts note, failing to do so would be unprecedented in our history.
Read what the group of scholars sent to the President:
Dear Mr. President:
We write to you as scholars of American history, politics, and the law. We express our dismay at the unprecedented breach of norms by the Senate majority in refusing to consider a nomination for the Supreme Court made by a president with eleven months to serve in the position. We believe the idea that a “lame duck” president should not submit a nominee when there is a vacancy on the highest court in the land is a novel and absurd notion, as is the claim that for eighty years or more, no Supreme Court vacancy occurring in an election year has been filled before the election.
In fact it is standard practice when a vacancy occurs on the Supreme Court to have a president, whatever the stage in their term, to nominate a successor and have the Senate consider it. And standard practice (with limited exception) has been for the Senate, after hearings and deliberation, to confirm the president's choice, regardless of party control, when that choice is deemed acceptable to a Senate majority. The most recent example, of course, is Justice Anthony Kennedy, confirmed by a Senate with a Democratic Party majority in February of 1988, during President Ronald Reagan's last year. It is true that Kennedy was nominated in November, 1987, but that is irrelevant—and, of course, the Senate commendably expedited the time between nomination and confirmation despite the election ahead.
The claims of an eighty-year precedent by Republican Senate leaders are artfully phrased deliberately to exclude the current situation, which itself is new: it is rare for a justice to die in office, and even more rare for that to happen in a presidential election year. History, however, is replete with instances where a vacancy on the Supreme Court was filled during a presidential election year. In 1912, a nominee of President Taft was confirmed to fill the vacancy created by the death of John Marshall Harlan; in 1916, Woodrow Wilson had two nominees confirmed by the Senate; in 1932, President Hoover had a nominee confirmed after Oliver Wendell Holmes retired; FDR had another vacancy filled with confirmation by the Senate in 1940.
President Eisenhower picked William Brennan in 1956 to fill a vacancy and used their recess appointment power to install Brennan, who was subsequently confirmed by a Senate controlled by Democrats in 1957. It is important to note that there was no objection to Eisenhower's use of the recess appointment—there was instead a widespread recognition that it was bad to have a Supreme Court operates for months without its full complement of nine members.
True, Lyndon Johnson's nomination of Abe Fortas to be Chief Justice, made in 1968, was blocked by the Senate via an extended filibuster. But there was at the time no vacancy on the Court; Chief Justice Warren stayed on until their successor could be confirmed, and Fortas was an associate justice. While some senators did object to Fortas on the grounds that it was an election year, most of the objections were based on ideology and ethical considerations. And it is important to note that the Fortas nomination was considered by the Senate and there were votes on the floor, even if those were votes on cloture.
Divided government can bring sharp differences of opinion about the qualifications and character of nominees to the Supreme Court. But consider the precedent set by a Democratic Senate with the highly contentious nomination of Clarence Thomas. The Senate Judiciary Committee deadlocked 7-7 on their nomination—but instead of letting the nomination die, the committee voted 13-1 to allow the full Senate to make the decision. Thomas ultimately was confirmed by a narrow margin with no filibuster.
If we accept the logic that decisions made by “lame duck” presidents are illegitimate or are to be disregarded until voters make their choice in the upcoming election, that begs both the questions of when lame duck status begins (after all, a president is technically a “lame duck” from the day of inauguration), and why senators up for reelection at the same time should not recuse themselves from decisions until the voters have decided whether to keep them or their partisans in office.
It is technically in the power of the Senate to engage in aggressive denial on presidential nominations. But we believe that the Framers' construction of the process of nominations and confirmation to federal courts, including the Senate's power of “advice and consent,” does not anticipate or countenance an obdurate refusal by the body to acknowledge or consider a president's nominee, especially to the highest court in the land. The refusal to hold hearings and deliberate on a nominee at this level is truly unprecedented and, in our view, dangerous.
We are well aware that politics intervenes when judicial nominations are made, and increasingly reflect the broader partisan and ideological polarization in American politics. We do not believe any party is without blame. But we also recognize that confirmation at all levels of the federal judiciary has been increasingly driven by partisan obstructionism, which has reached a peak during the Obama presidency. The refusal by the Republican Senate to confirm any nominees to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals is the poster child for that phenomenon.
The Constitution gives the Senate every right to deny confirmation to a presidential nomination. But denial should come after the Senate deliberates over the nomination, which in contemporary times includes hearings in the Judiciary Committee, and full debate and votes on the Senate floor. Anything less than that, in our view, is a serious and, indeed, unprecedented breach of the Senate's best practices and noblest traditions for much of our nation's history.
Respectfully,
Norman J. Ornstein
​Resident Scholar
American Enterprise Institute
Vikram David Amar
Dean and Iwan Foundation Professor of Law
University of Illinois College of Law
Sarah Binder
Senior Fellow, Governance Studies
Brookings Institution
Professor of Political Science
George Washington University
Erwin Chemerinsky
Dean of the School of Law
Distinguished Professor of Law
Raymond Pryke Professor of First Amendment Law
University of California, Irvine
Robert Dallek
Emeritus Professor, History
University of California, Los Angeles
Lee Epstein
Ethan A.H. Shepley Distinguished University Professor
Washington University, St Louis
Joel K. Goldstein
Vincent C. Immel Professor of Law
Saint Louis University School of Law
Doris Kearns Goodwin
Presidential Historian
Mark A. Graber
Jacob A. France Professor of Constitutionalism
University of Maryland
Frances King Carey School of Law
Pamela S. Karlan
Kenneth and Harle Montgomery Professor of Public Interest Law
Co-Director, Supreme Court Litigation Clinic
Stanford Law School
David M. Kennedy
Donald J. McLachlan Professor of History Emeritus
Stanford University
Harold Hongju Koh
Sterling Professor of International Law
Yale Law School
Thomas E. Mann
Senior Fellow, Brookings Institution
Resident Scholar, Institute of Governmental Studies
University of California, Berkeley
James M. McPherson
George Henry Davis '86 Professor Emeritus of United States History
Princeton University
David M. O'Brien
Leone Reaves and George W. Spicer Professor of Politics
The University of Virginia
Geoffrey R. Stone
Edward H. Levi Distinguished Service Professor of Law
University of Chicago Law School
NOTE: Affiliations are for identification only; views are of the individuals
Thirty rightwing militia battling federal government and Paiute Indians native to the land for thousands of years both claim right to Malheur wildlife refuge
The press conferences were spaced two hours apart on Wednesday – one by armed militia leader Ammon Bundy, the other by a local Paiute Indian tribal leader. They expressed competing visions for the future of a swath of federally managed land in rural south-eastern Oregon.
At issue: who has more of a say over the contested Malheur national wildlife refuge? A band of mostly out-of-state commandos who have seized control of the property to make a point with the federal government, or Native Americans whose ancestors have lived on the land for thousands of years?
Oregon standoff: memory of botched Waco siege shapes federal response Read more
On the fifth day of a standoff waged by about 30 rightwing militia, led by the son of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy, the political battle lines of a dispute that is garnering attention across the world splintered. No longer was this a tense face-off between the US government and protesters who want Washington to relinquish control of thousands of square miles across several western states so it can be used more freely by cattle ranchers.
Now it was the Bundy Bunch versus a Native American tribe – which claims first rights to the land – each demanding to have a say over the lingering standoff.
On Wednesday morning, Paiute tribal chairperson Charlotte Rodrique stood before scores of people – including many of the 420-member tribe – at a press conference, saying that the Bundys and their gang were encroaching on land considered sacred to the Paiute people.
“Armed protesters don't belong here,” they said. “By their actions they are desecrating one of our sacred traditional cultural properties. They are endangering our children, and the safety of our community, and they need to leave. Armed confrontation is not the answer.”
They said the sprawling wildlife reserve is part of the tribe's ancestral territory and is protected under terms of an agreement signed with federal officials more than a century ago. The tribe still uses the refuge for sacred religious and cultural ceremonies, such as collecting plants for medicine and crafts.
“This land belonged to the Paiute people as wintering grounds long before the first settlers, ranchers and trappers ever arrived here,” Rodrique said, “We haven't given up our rights to the land. We have protected sites there. We still use the land.”
The motley militia, which calls itself Citizens for Constitutional Freedom, has occupied an isolated scattering of buildings operated by the US Fish and Game Service since the weekend; after staging a rally on behalf of two local ranchers who were imprisoned on federal arson charges.
In Burns, located 30 miles from the beleaguered park headquarters, federal officials have massed in great numbers, ready to move in on the protesters if necessary. So far there has been no violence, only claims by some militia that they are ready to die for their cause.
Not long after the tribal press conference, Bundy, who is adept a public relation, a skill they appear to have acquired from the days at the forefront of their father's ranch in Nevada in 2014, addressed the press in what has become a daily morning briefing. They said they had not heard of the tribe's concerns, but embraced them.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ammon Bundy, one of the sons of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy, speaks to reporters during a news conference at Malheur national wildlife refuge on Wednesday. Photograph: Rick Bowmer/AP
“I would like to see them be free of the federal government as well. They're regulated by federal government very tightly and I think they have a right to be free like everybody else.”
Dressed in their signature black cowboy hat, denim jeans and a thick grey wool shirt, Bundy claimed members of their group have collected evidence that federal officials help start the fires linked to local father-and-son ranchers Dwight and Steven Hammond, who have been imprisoned for arson.
Bundy is revered by their followers. As they talked to a clutch of reporters on a morning with temperatures in the mid-20s, a camouflage-wearing bodyguard standing behind them reached out to pick a piece of lint from their jacket – like a butler dusting off their gentleman boss.
For days, residents of Burns have called for Bundy to leave their community in peace. And on Wednesday, they acknowledged they would leave if certain terms were met – including release of the Hammonds and a dispersal of an undetermined amount of land now administered by the federal government.
They call it Bundy cuisine: what to cook when you're leading a siege Read more
“There is a time to go home; we recognize that. We don't feel it's quite time yet,” Bundy said. “Enough is enough when there's actual action happening; when things are actually transpiring. We'll know when that happens.”
But Rodrique and others here are already at the end of their patience.
They called the militia dangerous people with a mindset that precludes negotiations. They said they would not dignify their presence with a visit.
At the press conference, they questioned the militia's presence in south-eastern Oregon. But if the Bundy family was going to oversee the handout of US government-managed lands, they said their tribe deserved to be first in line.
“For them to say they want to give the land back to their rightful owners – well, I just had to laugh at that,” the tribal chairperson said. They joked that when a friend called to ask what they were doing, they replied they were “writing our acceptance letter” to receive those lands.
Then they turned serious.
“When they talk about returning land, I know they didn't mean us,” they said of their tribe. “When [the US government] wanted us to give up the land, we didn't do it. We have never given up our aboriginal rights there. We do as well feel there – because this is still our land.”
Listening intently to the tribal chairperson was Alma Kennedy and their 11-year-old granddaughter, Ashlin Begay.
Kennedy has lived in this remote corner of Oregon all of their 69 years, fashioning out a life by selling mushrooms and working, for decades, as a nurse. They still feel akin to the plants and animals here and wears a brooch their son made for them – a figure of a teepee made from colorful beads and buckskin.
As their grandmother talked, the girl listened. Finally they spoke up.
“If people are giving away land here, they should give it to us,” they said. “It's ours. It's always been ours.”
In Skyrim, while you were shouting down dragons, dicing up Daedra and fast-travelling up a bloody big mountain, did you ever stop to wonder what it would be like to pack up adventuring and go live as a Jarl? Probably not - their life appears to be a repetitious bore of sitting on a throne, wandering to bed, going back to the throne and occasionally making a pompous speech. But, if untethered from Bethesda's engine, they could get up to all sorts of political and military mischief. That's the aim of Elder Kings - an Elder Scrolls themed mod for Crusader Kings 2 .
It's set before Skyrim. In fact, it's set before all the Elder Scrolls games, taking place in the Interregnum period of the Second Era. Supposedly, it was a time of petty bickering and tribal warring - which makes for a perfect Crusader Kings setting.
The mod promises 25 races and cultures, with unique bonuses for each, as well as new traits, events and diseases - adding vampirism to CK2's already eclectic range of ailments.
It's still early in development, although the recent 0.1.1 patch has fixed a fair number of bugs from launch. You can download Elder Kings from ModDB .
Earlier this month, a jury ordered Badger Guns, one of the country's most notorious “bad apple” firearms retailers, to pay nearly $6 million to two Milwaukee, Wisconsin, police officers who were shot with a weapon bought at the store in a straw purchase. It was only the second time in a decade that a negligence suit against a gun store reached a jury. And while the case highlighted how challenging it is to sue a gun seller for negligence, it also demonstrated the difficulty of bringing ne'erdowell dealers in line, or, failing that, shutting them down. In the two years leading up to the 2009 shooting, Badger racked up 130 federal violations. But the shop wasn't forced to close its doors until 2011, in large part because gun dealers enjoy a number of allowances that merchants in other industries do not.
Most of the crime guns recovered in the U.S. can be traced back to a small percentage of licensed retailers. But for the last decade, the government's procedures for policing federal firearms dealers (FFLs) as a whole has been hamstrung by the congressional budget rider referred to as the Tiahrt Amendments. The restrictive laws were boosted by gun rights activists who worried that too much oversight from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF) could lead to a federal gun registry, which in turn could give the government a tool to confiscate firearms.
The Gun Dealer Accountability Act, introduced on Wednesday by Representative Gwen Moore of Wisconsin, would increase the ATF's ability to check up on potential problem dealers found by a court to have knowingly or negligently participated in an illegal gun sale, or shown to have sold more than 10 crime guns in a two-year period. But even if their legislation made it through the Republican Congress, gun dealers would still operate under a system that uniquely shields them from scrutiny.
The ATF can only inspect a gun dealer once a year — and most gun dealers are inspected much less frequently than that
At most, federal agents are allowed to visit gun sellers no more than once every twelve months to ensure compliance with the Gun Control Act of 1968, which established the federal licensing system for firearms dealers and mandates that anyone in the business of selling guns adhere to certain requirements. Any additional inspections require a warrant.
The once-a-year rule is just the limit to how often the ATF can inspect a gun dealer. The agency's goal is for its 780 inspectors to visit the country's 140,000 licensed dealers every three to five years, a target they rarely meet. In 2013, only 42 percent of gun sellers had been inspected in the preceding five years. Last year, just 7 percent of dealers nationwide were inspected.
Even when an inspection raises flags, it can take a long time for agents to return. In the late '90s, ATF inspectors arrived at Shawano Gun & Loan, a now-defunct gun dealer 150 miles north of Milwaukee, for an unannounced inspection and found that records were missing on the sale of at least 145 guns. Despite the violations, investigators didn't return to the store for five years, citing tight budgets and overworked investigators.
Businesses in other industries with implications for public health are subject to tougher oversight. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspects tobacco retailers as many times a year as it sees fit. The same goes for alcohol retailers, which are inspected by the Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB), a division of the Department of the Treasury. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), which regulates pharmaceutical manufacturers, is able to periodically audit registered controlled substance storage locations and laboratories across the country with no prior notice. It also enjoys wide latitude to shut down rogue Internet pharmacies.
The ATF cannot require gun dealers to hand over a record of their inventories
Gun sellers must report each missing, lost, or stolen firearm within 48 hours of discovery to the ATF and local police. But the Tiahrt Amendment prohibits the ATF from requiring gun dealers to submit inventories to the government. Gun safety prevention advocates argue that requiring gun dealers to submit inventory records would help prevent corrupt dealers from supplying the illegal market with guns they belatedly claim went missing.
Gun dealers keep track of sales in loose-leaf notebooks
Gun sellers must maintain a “bound book” containing sales transactions, described by the ATF as “a permanently bound book or an orderly arrangement of loose-leaf pages which must be maintained at the business premises.” (Blank ones can be picked up on Amazon.) Gun sellers must use their bound books to record each firearm's manufacturer or importer, model, serial number, type of firearm, caliber or gauge, date received, date of sale, the name and address of the person to whom it was transferred, and the reference number on the 4473 form that prospective purchasers fill out before undergoing a background checks. To check if a bound book is accurate, the ATF will examine a random sampling of these records and match serial numbers to a gun store's physical inventory. The most common violation incurred during an ATF inspection is for failing to keep a bound book updated.
The ATF is prevented from using any of its budget to enter gun dealer records into a digital database, unless the business is defunct. By contrast, information from FDA tobacco compliance inspections are available in a searchable online database. Results from FDA pharmacy inspections are also posted online. Legislation enacted after a meningitis outbreak in 2013 ordered the creation of a national system for tracking prescription drugs from manufacturers to retail pharmacies through serial numbers on bottles. No such digital repository would ever fly with the gun lobby, for whom anything remotely resembling a gun registration system is verboten.
Even if a gun dealer is suspected of being a bad apple, putting it out of business can take years
Firearms dealers are entitled to an informal hearing to contest alleged Gun Control Act violations. The hearing officer will make recommendations to be reviewed by senior ATF officials, and if a dealer is found to be in violation and has their license revoked, they can appeal the decision in federal court — and continue to sell guns while the appeal is pending.
In 2007, Shawano Gun & Loan had its license revoked after investigators found that the shop was selling guns to straw buyers, but the store continued to sell guns for four years while the appeal was ongoing. One Florida magistrate judge presiding over the recent trial of two gun shop operators accused of receiving fully automatic weapons while out on bail declared this provision “unbelievable.”
[Photo: AP Photo/Bill Haber, File]
NEW YORK – The NHL's media platforms will offer fans the most comprehensive coverage of the 2014 NHL Trade Deadline. From now through the 3 p.m. ET deadline on Wednesday, March 5, NHL Network™, NHL.com and NHL Social will provide breaking news, exclusive interviews, insider information and official player transactions during one of the most anticipated dates on the NHL calendar.
NHL Network
From 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. ET on Wednesday, NHL Network in the U.S. will simulcast TSN's TradeCentre '14, hosted by James Duthie (@tsnjamesduthie) and featuring an impressive team of analysts and insiders, including Bob McKenzie (@TSNBobMcKenzie), Darren Dreger (@DarrenDreger), Pierre LeBrun (@Real_ESPNLeBrun), Gord Miller (@GMillerTSN), Aaron Ward (@aaronward_NHL), Ray Ferraro (@rayferrarotsn), Mike Johnson (@Mike_P_Johnson), Gino Reda (@GinoRedaTSN), Martin Biron (@martybiron43), Jeff O'Neill (@odognine2), Jay Feaster (@JayFeasterGM), Craig Button(@CraigJButton), Jamie McLennan (@JamieMcLennan29) among others and the most robust League-wide trade deadline coverage, including exclusive interviews with current and former players, coaches, general managers and team executives.
NHL Network's full analysis of the day's transactions will begin at 6:00 p.m. ET with NHL Tonight™: 2014 Trade Deadline Day Recap Show. Host Kathryn Tappen (@KathrynTappen); analysts Kevin Weekes (@KevinWeekes), McLennan, Johnson and Button and insiders Dreger and McKenzie will do a deep dive into the day's transactions from the NHL Network's studios in Toronto. Analyst EJ Hradek (@EJHradek_NHL) will join the team from the NHL Network studios in New York.
NHL Network-U.S. Schedule for 2014 NHL Trade Deadline
All Times Eastern
Wednesday, March 5
8:00 a.m.-6:00 p.m. - Simulcast of TSN's TradeCentre '14 (U.S. only)
6:00-7:00 p.m. - NHL Tonight: 2014 Trade Deadline Day Recap Show
NHL.com
NHL.com and its team of writers and reporters will bring fans breaking news through stories and video content, including digital reports from Hradek, Button, Steve Mears (@MearsyNHL) and Dan Rosen (@drosennhl). NHL.com will carry live streaming video from NHL Network's simulcast from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. to U.S. visitors, followed by a 5:00 p.m. live recap show from the NHL Network studios in New York City. Throughout the day, NHL.com hosts and analysts will interact with fans via Twitter and an all-day live chat on NHL.com.
NHL Social
NHL Social will inform fans of all official trades on Twitter (@NHL and @NHLNetwork) and Facebook (Facebook.com/NHL). Fans can join the conversation via the official hashtag #NHLTradeDeadline.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: We turn to the Gulf island kingdom of Bahrain, where a leading human rights activist has been released after nearly two years in prison for their role in pro-democracy protests. Speaking after their release, Nabeel Rajab, head of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights, vowed to continue the struggle for democracy under the U.S.-backed monarchy.
NABEEL RAJAB: [translated] With great regret, I was in imprisoned for giving speeches, my participation in defending the human rights in Bahrain. But really, these two years have changed me to be much stronger. Prison, for me, was like a school, and I will continue to fight for the people and human rights and with the political societies 'til we achieve our goals that we started on February 14th.
AMY GOODMAN: The Bahraini government has waged a crackdown on opposition protesters since an uprising broke out in February 2011. Last month, thousands marched at the funeral of a 14-year-old boy who activists say was killed by shotgun pellets fired by police. Meanwhile, a recent report by Human Rights Watch has found Bahrain's courts play a key role in maintaining the country's highly repressive political order, routinely sentencing peaceful protesters to lengthy prison terms. The report is called “Criminalizing Dissent, Entrenching Impunity.”
For more, though, we go first to the capital city of Manama in Bahrain, where we're joined by Democracy Now! video stream by Nabeel Rajab, director of the Gulf Center for Human Rights.
Welcome to Democracy Now!, and congratulations on your freedom. How does it feel to be out of prison, Nabeel?
NABEEL RAJAB: Well, first of all, thank you very much, and I'm happy to talk to you, after doing more than two years. And please, before I start, I would ask you and I would urge you, please to continue covering Bahrain, as Bahrain is being ignored and neglected by most of the TV stations and the media, because as they're owned ruling family in the region here. So I urge you to continue covering Bahrain.
Regarding my two years, there's a saying that says, that does not kill you, it makes you stronger. That's what happened to me. I am stronger than before. I am more determined to fight for freedom and democracy in my country. I know the struggle, and as I told you more than two years ago, a struggle for democracy in this part of the world is not an easy thing. It's a difficult thing. You are dealing with a ruling family that came outside and ruled this country 200 years ago, treated people like slaves. Now we want to change the situation to more democratic environment. It's not an easy thing. It has a cost, and there will be more costs. We've paid a lot of lives, thousands of people behind bars, hundreds of human rights and political activists behind bars. I mean, at least 5 percent of the Bahraini population were in and out of jail in the past three to four years. So it's very costly. We paid the high cost. We did not yet achieve. But the struggle still goes on. And I think we are—from 14 February, 2011, we started a revolution, a peaceful revolution, calling for democracy. Since that day, we have started one-way ticket, and we are not going to go back 'til we achieve our democracy. We know it's difficult—
AMY GOODMAN: Nabeel, on what charges were you convicted and sent to prison for two years?
NABEEL RAJAB: Well, first, it was two charges against me involving Twitter. One was criticizing the prime minister, and the other one a case filed by the minister of interior, and both of them from the same ruling family. Then again, I was charged with taking part in an illegal protest, which did not take permission. And for those, I got two years, for taking part in a protest, peaceful protest calling for democracy and respect for human rights. And I—
AMY GOODMAN: How were you treated in prison?
NABEEL RAJAB: Well, I was the only one, among thousands of political prisoners, isolated from the other prisoners. I was kept in a separate cell in a separate building. I don't communicate. I don't mix with the other hundreds and thousands of political prisoners. I was with two, three, sometimes four people. Most of them are charged with criminal charges, far away from my charges. They disconnected me from the outside world. I don't know what is happening outside. I was not allowed to talk on telephone with my family about what's happening outside. So I was not aware in what's happening in the country.
AMY GOODMAN: Nabeel Rajab, you're speaking to people all over the United States, as well as around the world. What is the role of the U.S. Navy Fifth Fleet in Bahrain, the significance, or what kind of power does the U.S. have in relation to the Bahraini monarchy?
NABEEL RAJAB: Well, Bahrain is maybe other than other country. The Navy plays a big role, the American Navy, more than the American State Department. And for them, the priority is their presence. Priority is their interests with Bahrain. Priority is the arms sale and all that. So we have been ignored completely by American government and Western power. Very disappointing. And I always say, ignoring the struggle of people and supporting dictators, that push people toward extremism. We've been abandoned by the American government. We've been ignored completely. People are dying. People are—villages are being attacked on daily basis. Most were demolished. I mean, we were one of the worst countries in the human rights report in the past few years. But you don't see any action taken by the American government.
Instead of that, you see officials going and coming as nothing is happening. They support the dictatorship here. And I don't know. Maybe they don't think democracy will serve their interest, so that's why they completely—so, I urge the American people. Nobody can change that situation, nobody can change the American policy, except the American people. I urge American people to pressure the American government, through your member of parliament, through your member of congress, to change the situation, to ask the American government not to support dictators. They are supporting dictators. They are against the struggle of people who are fighting for democracy in this part of—
AMY GOODMAN: Nabeel Rajab, we're also joined here in New York by Josh Colangelo, who is the consultant to Human Rights Watch, an attorney, who wrote the report, “Criminalizing Dissent, Entrenching Impunity: Persistent Failures of the Bahraini Justice System.” Can you talk about the situation Nabeel Rajab has been in and so many others?
JOSH COLANGELO: We have seen since 2011, when massive pro-democracy protests began, that Bahraini courts have consistently convicted people and sentenced them to long terms, essentially for expressing opposition to the political system in Bahrain. If you call for the establishment of a republic in Bahrain, that can get you a life term. If you call for the establishment of a constitutional monarchy, that can get you sent to jail. So this is a pattern that we've seen in military courts that were created during the unrest in 2011, and it continues now in civilian courts, as well.
AMY GOODMAN: What are the main findings now and recommendations of this report?
JOSH COLANGELO: So, we found that Bahraini courts, by their own words, meaning if you simply read their verdicts, are sending people away because the people have said, “We want a more democratic form of government here.” We also looked at cases in which security personnel have been charged with human rights abuses, including killings. What we found there is, even when courts concluded that security personnel had committed fairly heinous crimes—beating detainees to death, shooting them at very close range—people would get sentences of six months, for example, which you compare to Nabeel's two-year sentence for being at a peaceful protest, really tells you probably everything you need to know about the justice system.
AMY GOODMAN: And the role of U.S. military sales and the United States?
JOSH COLANGELO: What we have seen is that quiet diplomacy, if that is in fact happening, does not appear to have much effect. What's interesting to note is that in 2011, after months of a severe crackdown, the king of Bahrain appointed an independent commission to investigate human rights abuses that had taken place, which was, in all honesty, a commendable step. That happened shortly after President Obama openly spoke in critical terms about the situation in Bahrain, which certainly suggests that even public words by the U.S. government can have an effect there. We have not heard those public words in a very long time.
AMY GOODMAN: And how—the story of the Alkhawajas right now? In fact, I wanted to ask you, Nabeel Rajab, another of the many people who have been imprisoned is Abdulhadi Alkhawaja, who also was the director for the Gulf Center for Human Rights, as you were before you were imprisoned and are now. What is happening to him?
NABEEL RAJAB: Well, it is sad and funny that between me and Abdulhadi Alkhawaja, a few meters, and I could not see them for the past three years. I was in a separate building. My uncle was there also. He's 67 years of age. And he's a few meters from me, but I could not see him. Unfortunately, those people are facing the same circumstances that I have faced, except they are together. They were not isolated like me, but they kept three or four of them together. But Abdulhadi Alkhawaja represent this issue of how human rights defenders are treated in this country. Other than him, you have Naji Fateel. You have many people. If they are not in jail, they are out of the country, they ran away from the situation, because, except me, I don't think there are much human rights activists out of jail now. And even—
AMY GOODMAN: Are you going to continue to speak out, Nabeel?
NABEEL RAJAB: Yes, I'm going to continue. In fact, in the past few days, the newspaper were talking about me and telling me that soon I'm going to go back to jail, because I did not keep quiet as they thought or as they expected. But again, I tell you, somebody has to pay the price to achieve democracy and freedom.
AMY GOODMAN: And, Josh Colangelo, what the U.S. could do to change the situation? The significance of the Navy's Fifth Fleet there?
JOSH COLANGELO: Well, some people say that because we want to have this naval base, that the U.S. is without leverage. In other words, it has to be committed to the current system as it exists. What we know, though, is that the Bahrainis, in their view, are very much reliant on the U.S. for their own security. So, certainly, that is a two-way street. And whatever quiet efforts may have been going on, again, they don't seem to be bearing fruit, so it's time to change tack.
AMY GOODMAN: Josh Colangelo and Nabeel Rajab, I want to thank you for being with us. Josh Colangelo, attorney and consultant for Human Rights Watch. We'll link to the report, “Criminalizing Dissent, Entrenching Impunity.” And thank you again, Nabeel Rajab, for joining us now, back as director for the Gulf Center for Human Rights, just released after nearly two years in prison for their role in pro-democracy protests in the island kingdom of Bahrain. They were joining us from Manama, Bahrain.
(CNN) -- Jon Stewart is not a newsman, but polls show they have the reach of one at the top of their profession. He's not a politician or an activist, but he's set to host a rally expected to draw tens of thousands to Washington's National Mall.
And with President Obama ready to appear on their Comedy Central show Wednesday -- less than a week before the midterm elections -- Stewart is reconfirming that he's more than just an entertainer and satirist.
Obama will be the first sitting U.S. president to appear on "The Daily Show With Jon Stewart" when it airs Wednesday night. He's been on ABC's "The View," NBC's "The Tonight Show," and other programs as president. But the show Obama picked for an appearance days before the midterms -- with Democrats anxious to turn out the voters who helped propel them to the presidency in 2008 -- is Stewart's.
Obama and Stewart: What's in it for them?
"It's a no-brainer, I think. You're talking to your base, and you're talking to younger voters," said Judy Muller, associate professor at the University of Southern California's Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism and a commentator for National Public Radio. They noted that Obama also has been targeting younger voters by speaking on college campuses in the past couple of weeks.
"Even though Jon Stewart has a wide popularity ... I think that [the show has] a fairly liberal audience, but [Stewart] doesn't rant and rave. It's a friendly, tolerant but liberal-slanted show, where Obama has been allowed to be funny and relaxed and allowed to be himself," Muller said, noting Obama's appearances on the show when they were a U.S. senator.
Stewart themselves has said they lean left. But they host conservative guests as well as liberals, and their show skewers politicians of all persuasions.
"Republicans love America -- they just seem to hate about 50 percent of the people who live in it," Stewart said on CNN's "Larry King Live" last week. "Democrats, for their thing, it's always: They love this country, they just somehow wish it were a different country. With Democrats, it's like, 'America is the greatest country in the world. [But] have you seen Finland's health care system?' "
And, perhaps getting closer to what really makes Stewart's show tick, they go after the news media and how they examine issues. A recent sendup of the media's coverage of NPR's firing of analyst Juan Williams -- with Stewart mockingly introducing it as the nation's top story, ahead of the midterms, in a segment called "NPR Staffing Decision 2010" -- is one example.
"The media in general ... it's focused on conflict. It's focused on creating drama and a false sense of urgency," Stewart told Larry King last week. "For better or for worse, the 24-hour networks are now the leading light of our information age. They're the ones that kind of drive the dialogue."
"The people whose voices are heard are the ones who will say the most extreme things," they said.
Whatever chord he's struck, many people are listening to Stewart. And it's another reason why a sitting president would agree to appear on theirs show.
Just this week, the online men's magazine AskMen announced Stewart was No. 1 on its list of Top 49 Most Influential Men of 2010, derived from a poll of readers and AskMen staff. In a nonscientific online poll last year, Time magazine named Stewart "America's most trusted newscaster." Stewart captured 44 percent of that vote, with NBC's Brian Williams finishing second at 29 percent.
Scientific polling in 2007 by the Pew Research Center for People and the Press found Stewart tied for fourth place as viewers' favorite news person, ranking alongside Dan Rather, Tom Brokaw, Williams and CNN's Anderson Cooper, and just behind Katie Couric, Charles Gibson and Bill O'Reilly.
Stewart's new book, "Earth (The Book): A Visitor's Guide to the Human Race" -- a tome that aims to explain humanity to any alien who visits the planet after humans' extinction -- is No. 1 on the New York Times' best-seller list for hardcover nonfiction.
And now Stewart is now trying a new format -- Saturday's "Rally to Restore Sanity" on Washington's National Mall, joined by a satirical "March to Keep Fear Alive" from Comedy Central's faux-conservative funnyman Stephen Colbert.
Stewart says the event, alternatively known as the "Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear," will have the same spirit as their show, but in rally format. They insist the event isn't political, and says its purpose isn't to counter Glenn Beck, the conservative talk show host who held a Washington rally of their own in August.
"When rallies became sort of the in thing for the news to talk about, that's the perfect format for us to do our shtick," Stewart told King.
But even if the rally is laden in satire, the comedian is advancing a sober message. When describing the rally on "The Daily Show," he's said it's an appeal against the fringes they say are dominating political discussion and coverage. They said their point is that although you hear about people who believe Obama is a Muslim and people who liken Obama to Hitler, and others who liken George W. Bush to the same Nazi leader, most folks have no such thoughts -- and aren't heard from.
He's suggested that people should bring signs that would run counter to incendiary signs at other rallies. Some of their suggestions were, "I may disagree with you, but I'm pretty sure you're not Hitler" and "Got competence?"
"We are presuming that 75 to 85 percent of the country -- reasonable people that get along -- they may not agree on things, but they can do things. And the other 15 percent control it -- the dialogue, the legislation," Stewart told King. "This is for the people that are too busy, that have jobs and lives and are tired of their reflection in the media as being a divided country and a country that's ideological and conflicted and fighting."
Howard Kurtz, host of CNN's Sunday program "Reliable Sources" and Washington bureau chief for The Daily Beast, said they wonder whether the event will change Stewart's brand from satirist to political activist.
"Jon Stewart is not just a comedian. He's a very sharp media critic, social satirist, and somebody who is very good at sticking pins in establishment figures," Kurtz said in an interview with CNN's Kate Bolduan. "Now he's stepping out of that role a little bit in staging this rally, and I think that's a risk for them -- and not because it won't be funny ... but because they are now taking a stand and, maybe, almost like becoming one of the people they make fun of."
Though the event isn't designed as a partisan event, Kurtz said, Democratic strategists told them the rally -- which has gotten wide media coverage and will be broadcast live on Comedy Central -- could give a boost to their party.
They said it remained to be seen how serious a message the event would have.
"To me, the bottom-line question is this: Is this going to be a fun Saturday event with a lot of laughs? ... Or is it going to be something that, while wrapped in humor, is going to make a serious political point about folks in the middle -- moderates who are alienated ... by the partisan shouting on both sides? If that happens, Jon Stewart will have made a serious point while still having good fodder for 'The Daily Show,'" Kurtz said.
Muller said Stewart "put a finger on the pulse of great numbers of people who are so weary of not only bickering and ranting, but the media's concentration on that."
"I think he's right in saying there are many people in the country who are capable of debate and who can like people who disagree with them. But that's not [considered] newsworthy, and I think he's trying to gear attention to that," Muller said.
CNN's Kate Bolduan and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.
Elliot Shirback had just one wish for Christmas. The 25-year-old, who has Down syndrome, wanted 100 Christmas cards.
"He was sad one day; all I wanted to do was uplift him,” Shirback's mom, Anne Daggett, told Time Warner Cable News, formerly called YNN. “I said 'Elliot, what is it you want for Christmas this year?' They went, 'I just want some cards, Mom.'"
Wanting to fulfill their son's wish, Daggett took to Facebook last week to ask their family and friends for help.
"If anyone can send them a card, they would love it," they wrote in their Facebook appeal. "He has the biggest heart in the world."
Daggett, who lives in Lewiston, N.Y., with their son, told Time Warner Cable News that they had expected them to receive about "35 cards at best" as a result of their social media request.
But they were sorely mistaken.
Within days, their Facebook post went viral and Christmas cards -- from all across the country -- came pouring in.
By Christmas morning, Shirback had reportedly received more than 1,800 cards, mostly from strangers. CBS News says that the young man received a Christmas card "from nearly every state in the U.S."
Overwatch will be getting new skins, sprays, highlight intros, voice lines, victory poses, player icons and emotes to tie in with the upcoming Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Part of Overwatch Summer Games, the loot can only be found in special Summer Games boxes. Available for a limited time only, these loot boxes contain four items, but only one is guaranteed to be a Summer Games item.
In total, there are 90 special Summer Games items. It is not yet known which characters will be getting the new skins, but it's likely Zarya, Lucio and Tracer.
Players will be able to either earn these loot boxes from gameplay, or buy them once they are released Monday, August 22 at 11:59pm PT, 2:59am ET, 6:59am GMT (August 23).
This news has come after Blizzard sent out packages to Youtuber and Twitch streamers that posters and other items showing the characters competing in the Olympics.
Hopefully this goes better than the ACTUAL Summer Olympics has been so far…
Tottenham striker kicks off their Turkish adventure with a debut defeat
Fenerbahce succumbed to their first ever home defeat against Basaksehir in the Super Lig on Sunday.
Basaksehir beat the Yellow Canaries 3-2 at the Sukru Saracoglu stadium with goals from Attamah, Emmanuel Adebayor and Kerim Frei.
Tottenham striker Vincent Janssen made their debut for Fenerbahce but was unable to score or provide an assist.
Adebayor with arguably the most powerful header the world has ever seen 💥 pic.twitter.com/rTpJwBFfgK — Turkish Football (@Turkish_Futbol1) September 9, 2017
The on-loan Yellow Canaries forward replaced Isla on 64 minutes.
The Dutch striker took two shots and had 33 touches but failed to make much of an impact overall.
Janssen joined Fenerbahce on a temporary move on transfer deadline day – Friday 8 September.
The striker made their debut less than 24 hours after putting pen to paper on their new deal.
Fellow former Spurs striker Roberto Soldado started for the Istanbul giants and was involved in the own goal which resulted in the equaliser.
Former Birmingham City and Fulham winger Kerim Frei scored the winner with a last-gasp striker in additional time.
We're excited to announce that Critical Role and Geek & Sundry have partnered with Dark Horse Comics to bring readers the first official Critical Role comic book, titled Critical Role – Vox Machina: Origins. You may have caught our initial announcement at San Diego Comic-Con during our Talks Machina Live panel, and we're very happy to finally share the cover art for the first digital issue.
The series is written by Matthew Colville from a story by Colville and Matthew Mercer, with pencil & inking by Olivia Samson, and coloring & lettering by Chris Northrop. Critical Role – Vox Machina: Origins will be available digitally beginning September 20th, with a physical graphic anthology to follow in Spring 2018.
Digital issues of the comic book will be available via Dark Horse Digital, iBooks, ComiXology, Amazon (Kindle), Barnes & Noble (Nook), Google Play, and additional select platforms. Other information will be announced later, so stay tuned to GeekandSundry.com for all of the latest information! Here's a peek at the first issue cover from artist Deborah Hauber to keep you company while you wait:
Cover Art by Deborah Hauber (@boaillustration)
José Mourinho has identified Tottenham as strong rivals to win the Premier League title next season and compared their challenge at Manchester United to the one they faced previously at Real Madrid, insisting the club had been left behind in “the evolution of football” when they succeeded Louis van Gaal last summer.
Mourinho has previously won the championship in every second season of their managerial career but believes this will be difficult in the forthcoming campaign. The manager feels United are candidates to win a 21st league title but identified Spurs as major contenders because they have retained all their players so far apart from Kyle Walker, who Mourinho asserted was sold to Manchester City because their replacement, Kieran Trippier, may be as good.
Asked how they assessed their chances of making United champions again, Mourinho said: “I don't think we are big candidates for the title but we are [candidates]. Everybody speaks about the dimension of the investment at Man City [so far just below £220m] but there is another team that I feel the dimension of their investment is also phenomenal – Tottenham. Until now they spent zero pounds, right? They keep everybody they want to keep. They keep Dele Alli, [Harry] Kane and [Toby] Alderweireld, they keep Eric Dier, they keep everyone they want to keep.
“They sold Kyle Walker I think because they wanted to sell. And probably because they think Trippier is as good as Walker. And he's younger than Walker. Chelsea are champions and they buy now. We are halfway through the market and they buy [Antonio] Rüdiger, [Tiemoué] Bakayoko and [Álvaro] Morata. So every club makes different kinds of investments but all of them are investing a lot to win the title.”
Mourinho joined Real in the summer of 2010 and claimed the title in their second season, gathering 100 points, then a record for any of Europe's top leagues. They admitted the challenge at Old Trafford has been just as difficult having inherited a side from Van Gaal that missed out on Champions League qualification.
“The hardest part in my opinion was the period where there was an evolution in football overall, in terms of every other team, not just the typical powerful teams but all the others. Their evolution in relation to the changes in football allowed them also to be economically strong and to develop,” they said.
“At the same time there was an evolution and Man United did not follow that evolution and my work is not just about arriving at a football team and developing the football team to attack, football targets and objectives; it was more than that. It was to go into the structure and to try to adapt the structure around the football team to a new dynamic.
“That was the same at Real Madrid,” Mourinho added. “A big club with big expectations but a difficult period with the evolution of other teams and the distance between Real Madrid and Barcelona growing bigger and bigger and bigger. When I arrived it was not just about developing a football team to try to stop that domination but also to develop everything around the team and in that respect I can see similarities in terms of the difficulties and similarities in terms of the dimension of my job.”
Last season United claimed the EFL Cup and Europa League and Mourinho warned their team will be stronger in 2017-18. “We are better than last season and the spirit is fantastic,” they said. “The confidence levels are good and the fact we had some kind of success last season also was important to relax some personalities. They feel more confident to go into the Champions League without being a candidate. That's good.
“We went into the Europa League with the tag of favourites and that's not easy to have. Last season Chelsea and Liverpool were not in Europe and that gave them a chance to be better and stronger than the others in the championship.”
United have so far invested £31m on central defender, Victor Lindelof, and an initial £75m on No9, Everton's Romelu Lukaku. “We spent big money on a striker because, with strikers, you either spend [big] or you don't get,” said Mourinho. “And we spent because of what happened to Zlatan [Ibrahimovic, who has a serious knee injury] and we cannot allow ourselves to be without an important, strong striker for the first six months of the season.”
Hillary Clinton's emails have yet again become the center of scrutiny, and the last thing Democrats should do is dismiss the controversy as part of a conservative campaign to smear them candidacy.
Ms. Clinton managed to delay release of the majority of their emails for a month; after the New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina primaries, and the day before Super Tuesday, they used winter storm Jonas as just one of their excuses. Last May, Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by Jason Leopold, a senior investigative reporter at Vice, resulted in a federal judge ordering the U.S. State Department to stick to a monthly release schedule of the emails. After misplacing 7,000 pages of documents from Ms. Clinton's server, the State Department succeeded in biding more time for their disclosure.
“The final batch of emails is expected to contain some of the most important details about the Democratic presidential candidate's work during the waning days of their tenure as the nation's top diplomat,” wrote Mr. Leopold.
By the time their emails are furnished, Ms. Clinton could have already sealed the Democratic presidential nomination, which would make anything illegal not just Ms. Clinton's problem, but a major issue for the entire Democratic Party.
In March 2015, The New York Times first uncovered that Ms. Clinton used a private email account for official government business while serving as Secretary of State. Although their use of a private server wasn't illegal, their failure to disclose the private server and have those emails properly vetted for classified intelligence has led to the probes. To date, more than 1,200 of Ms. Clinton's e-mails have been retroactively classified.
‘The FBI director would like to indict both Huma and Hillary as we speak. I think he's in a position where he's being forced to triple-time make a case what would otherwise be, what they call, a slam dunk.'
In a letter to congress on January 14, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, Charles McCullough, alleged they received two sworn declarations from agencies in the intelligence community who reviewed Ms. Clinton's emails, stating several dozens of them were classified as Confidential, Secret, and Top Secret/SAP.
Then, a new batch of emails is released—containing 11 top secret messages—and, for the first time, the State Department formally designated 22 of Ms. Clinton's emails as top secret.
Ms. Clinton is in damage control, but has yet to provide an honest, thorough answer regarding their emails. During the CNN Democratic Forum on January 25, moderator Chris Cuomo asked them about criticism from The Des Moines Register. “They said, and you know this, but for the audience, in 2008, ‘When they make a mistake, they should just say so.' This weekend they said that's a lesson that you have not learned. Yes, you apologized, but only when you needed to, not when you first could have. Fair criticism?” asked Mr. Cuomo.
Ms. Clinton responded first by citing their endorsement from the newspaper (hardly surprising given their cozy relationship with Wall Street and the publisher David Chivers' experience working for Dow Jones). They then admitted it was fair. “You know I had no intention of doing anything other than having a convenient way of communicating, and it turned out not to be so convenient,” they said. “So again, we've answered every question and we will continue to do so. But, you know—maybe being faster, trying to scramble around to find out what all of this means, I probably should have done that quicker.”
Ms. Clinton plays off the probes as a non-issue, while simultaneously admitting they should not have used a private server. They issued an apology in a September 2015 interview with ABC News, but maintains their use of the server was legal. Them inability to formulate a solid defense upholds the narrative that what they did was wrong. In a recent interview with The Washington Examiner, Former House Oversight Chairman, Rep. Darrell Issa says the FBI has enough evidence to indict Hillary Clinton and their aide, Huma Abedin. “I think the FBI director would like to indict both Huma and Hillary as we speak. I think he's in a position where he's being forced to triple-time make a case what would otherwise be, what they call, a slam dunk.”
The Denver Post also wrote a scathing criticism of Ms. Clinton's contradictory statements. “The Clinton campaign insists the material was not classified at the time and, according to The Los Angeles Times, denied the documents contained any information that should have been secret,” wrote the Post editorial board. “Maybe so, but individual officials don't get to decide what's classified, do they? And there's a simple way to avoid the problem of having documents classified after you handle them: Use the government server you're supposed to be using all along.”
Bernie Sanders was asked in a recent interview on CNN whether they thought Ms. Clinton did anything wrong. Mr. Sanders replied the e-mails are “a very serious issue,” but was reserved in engaging criticism because they do not want to politicize the legal process.
The implications of an indictment for Ms. Clinton—even more so under the circumstances of them winning the Democratic Presidential nomination—would further undermine the trust and exacerbate the honesty issues they already have with so many American voters. It would also be disastrous for the Democratic Party—not only in the presidential election, but in their efforts to recoup losses from the 2014 midterms elections.
This is just a glimpse of the kind of scandals a Hillary Clinton presidency would create, further polarizing the Democrat and Republican parties, which contrary to public consensus is not a good thing. This creates gridlock in Washington D.C., where nothing is accomplished, and according to studies by several leading economists from Harvard, Princeton, Columbia and other prestigious universities, political polarization is directly linked to greater income and wealth inequality. The more stagnant legislative efforts become—worsened by viable investigations like the ones Hillary Clinton has inspired—the more the American people will suffer.
Image caption Many children work in their homes doing jobs such as shelling almonds
It's mid-morning and the local school in the large Delhi shantytown that I'm visiting, on the edge of India's vast capital, is teeming with children. The narrow lanes ring out with their little voices reciting the alphabet at the top of their lungs.
But just next to the school, that reassuring sound and sight is replaced with something else.
Doors lead off the narrow lane on which it's located to small homes.
From inside one of them, you can see groups of women squatting on the ground and bent over, peeling and sorting out piles of almonds.
Working alongside them are several children, painstakingly separating shells from husks before adding the almonds to the pile.
But even as we try to look in, our way is blocked by a man who wants to know what we want.
"Please leave, you have no permission to look inside," they say when I tell them we are journalists.
We are hurried along.
There are many almond-processing factories in other houses in the neighbourhood which is a thriving hub of small businesses.
Ironsmiths, furniture makers, seamstresses and costume-jewellery makers ply their trade in the homes that dot the area.
Image caption Factory owners say they pay underage labour much lower wages
Under a new, controversial child labour law that has just been passed by the Indian parliament, children younger than 14 are barred from working.
But a provision says they may work after school hours and on holidays in the sports or entertainment industry or in family enterprises.
Exploited
"It's really good news," says Rajinder, one factory owner who agreed to speak to us.
"Earlier I could only hire someone aged above 18. Now I can employ more people."
And children cost less.
"I pay my workers 300 rupees ($4.50; £3.50) a day. But I pay an underage employee only 100 rupees ($1.50) a day. It's a big saving."
 They are also not very concerned about the provision that such work can only take place within the family.
"How long does it take to acquire a family?" they ask. "It's not a big problem."
This is exactly what child rights' activists and critics of the new law fear - that it will be exploited and used to drive even more children out of school and into work.
Image copyright Pacific Press Image caption Some experts believe mere laws cannot get rid of child labour
"There is no clear definition of whom a family is," says Bidisha Pillai, Advocacy Director of the British charity Save the Children.
"It's not just the mother and father. It could be a uncle, aunt, brother, sister."
Ms Pillai says the new law encourages many industries to push production out of factories into homes, which makes it harder to monitor.
But the government says that while framing the new law, it had to delicately balance the need to protect children with the reality that millions of poor Indian families depend on the wages their children bring in.
Long-term answers
Many of these families work in agriculture or in artisanal trades, and the government says children will get the opportunity to acquire traditional skills.
Many like commentator Gurcharan Das, who has written a number of books on the Indian economy, says mere laws cannot get rid of child labour.
"Eventually child labour will go away because of growth," they say.
"The long-term answer is economic development. India has had high growth for 15 years or so and if we have high growth for another decade or two, I think we will, organically, wipe out child labour.
The sight of children working is something that confronts you all across India.
At traffic signals children sidle upselling flowers.
Many work as domestic help.
Others wait on tables at little restaurants or teashops.
And then there are the invisible ones - working in factories, in mines or on the farm.
The new law is unlikely to put an end to child labour.
The hope is that it can regulate it.
The fear is that it will only increase it.
Please note: This story was published in February 2017. It does not contain a current weather forecast for February 2018.
Up to 70 cm of snow whipped by high winds is threatening to wallop Nova Scotia on Monday, with blizzard warnings in place for the entire province and storm surge warnings for some coastal areas.
Two low pressure systems will come together just north of Long Island in New York State on Sunday. The resulting weather system will rapidly strengthen and move to a position just south of Yarmouth, N.S., then slowly pass east, affecting all three Maritime provinces and eventually Newfoundland and Labrador.
"The Atlantic coastline of Nova Scotia could in particular see some very high local amounts as bands of snow continue to linger and accumulate Monday night into Tuesday," said CBC meteorologist Kalin Mitchell.
Total snowfall amounts by Tuesday morning are expected to range from 40 to 70 centimetres for the western portions of the province, 30 to 50 cm for the remainder of the province and Cape Breton, Environment Canada said Sunday afternoon, increasing earlier snowfall estimates.
The weather agency said in its blizzard warning that winds may gust up to 110 km/h. (Les Suête winds local to the west coastal highlands of Cape Breton may reach 140 km/h.)
"The strong winds will create extensive drifting and blowing snow," Mitchell said. "Visibility is expected to drop to, or less than, 400 metres for prolonged periods of time on Monday."
High snowfall amounts
The snow begins late Sunday night in the southwest of Nova Scotia.
It is forecast to spread across the Maritimes through Monday morning and into the afternoon.
Snow is expected to start in Nova Scotia early Monday morning. (Anjuli Patil/CBC)
There are storm surge warnings in place for much of the coast, including the Halifax and Sydney areas. Flooding is possible.
"Extreme caution should be taken if working on, or in the vicinity of, the coast during high tides on Monday," Mitchell said.
Mitchell posted a Facebook Live update on the storm at 5:30 p.m. AT.
"Winds will slowly subside Monday night into Tuesday morning but remain gusty for much of the Maritimes," Mitchell said. "Areas of drifting snow can be expected to persist on Tuesday especially where there is still some snow falling."
Storm affecting rest of Atlantic Canada
The system will bring similar conditions to the rest of the Atlantic provinces.
In New Brunswick, a blizzard warning is in place for for the province's south, including Saint John, Moncton and Fredericton, while a band across the middle of the province is under a winter storm warning. Snowfall amounts between 30 and 55 cm are expected, with winds gusting to 100 km/h.
​A blizzard warning is in place for all of Prince Edward Island, with 25 to 35 cm of snow expected along with 100 km/h wind gusts.
There is a winter storm watch for Newfoundland, where 15 to 30 centimetres is expected over the island's southeast by the end of the day Tuesday. In Labrador, more than 15 centimetres of snow is possible in the southeast, with winds gusting to 80 km/h.
Closures and cancellations
On Sunday night a number of school boards in Nova Scotia preemptively closed schools for Monday because of the storm.
All schools and offices in the Halifax Regional School Board and the Chignecto Central Regional School will be closed.
The most up to date information on closures and cancellations throughout the province can be found on Storm Centre.
Travel not recommended
Environment Canada and police in the region say travel is not recommended during the storm, noting that roads are expected to be extremely hazardous due to poor visibility. Numerous flights in and out of the region have been cancelled.
Halifax Transit has already cancelled all buses and ferries for Monday.
The regional municipality has also cancelled tomorrow's curbside pick-up and said all municipal offices, customer service centres and recreation facilities will be closed.
"We haven't had one of this capacity in quite a while. Last year was a bit benign compared to what we're experiencing now at the beginning of this week," Environment Canada meteorologist Jason Sheppard said.
"I suspect there will be some happy kids tomorrow as school is potentially cancelled."
Sheppard said extreme weather has been slow to start this winter, but explains that a recent shift in the jet stream has put Atlantic Canada right in the path of brewing storms from the U.S. eastern seaboard.
After this one, they said another one appears to be on its way for later this week for the Maritimes and possibly Newfoundland.
New Delhi: The growth of eight core sectors slowed to 0.4% in June due to contraction in output of coal, refinery products, fertiliser and cement.
The growth rate of eight infrastructure sectors—coal, crude oil, natural gas, refinery products, fertilisers, steel, cement and electricity—was 7% in June last year.
The production of coal declined by 6.7%, refinery products by 0.2%, fertiliser by 3.6% and cement by 5.8%, as per the official data.
Crude oil output rose to 0.6% last month as against a decline of 4.3% in June 2016. According to the data, natural gas output rose by 6.4% in June. Steel production and power generation slowed to 5.8% and 0.7% in June this year from 8.8% and 9.8% in the same month last year respectively.
Slow growth in key sectors would also have implications on the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) as these segments account for about 41% to the total factory output. In May, these eight sectors had recorded a growth rate of 4.1%.
Rockets' pursuit of Al Horford ends, center will sign with Celtics
The Rockets' pursuit of Hawks center Al Horford might have ended well before Horford's tenure in Atlanta, but their choice made it official Saturday afternoon when they tweeted that they would be joining the Boston Celtics.
Horford will sign a four-year, $113 million deal with Boston, a person with knowledge of the decision confirmed, earning the most a team other than the Hawks could offer.
The Hawks had looked into options to clear the cap room to keep Horford in addition to Dwight Howard, but they turned down the offer to remain with their only NBA team.
The Rockets had met with Horford and their representatives on Friday, but there was little momentum for them to be among their finalists by Saturday morning when the Rockets met with Ryan Anderson. By Saturday afternoon, the Rockets had reached an agreement with Anderson.
With Horford's decision and Howard's move to the Hawks, Clint Capela is the only center on the Rockets' roster. Even with the addition of Anderson, the Rockets still have more than enough room under the salary cap if they wish to pursue the centers still on the free agent market. They came to an agreement with Pelicans free agent guard Eric Gordon Saturday afternoon in Los Angeles.
By Charles Boehm
The owners of Women's Professional Soccer appear to have decided to “cancel the 2012 season,” according to a league-wide email citing ongoing legal proceedings with renegade owner Dan Borislow.
The decision was apparently voted on by WPS' five owners on Monday morning, and the news was subsequently delivered to WPS players in the email, obtained by National Soccer Wire, which alluded to further information being relayed following Wednesday's court hearing in Florida between Borislow and league representatives.
Word has already begun to filter out via players and journalists on social networks like Twitter, and the league has reportedly scheduled an announcement for 1 p.m. on Monday afternoon.
“Everyone has been trying so hard to keep things going - considering settlement options, discussing union legal action to intervene in the lawsuit, etc.,” reads the email, “but we just couldn't manage to make things work.”
According to the email, league officials “currently plan to maintain league and team front offices in hopes of resolving outstanding litigation and holding a 2013 season, but details are still evolving.”
Borislow bought the Washington Freedom last winter and relocated the franchise to Boca Raton, Fla., renaming it magicJack after their signature internet telecommunications product.
They signed many of the top players in the world, including U.S. Women's National Team stars Abby Wambach, Christie Rampone and Hope Solo, but feuded constantly with then-WPS CEO Anne-Marie Eileraas and other league officials about their disinclination to advertise, maintain a staff and other basic league mandates, incurring repeated fines and other penalties.
Borislow and the league seemed to have patched up their differences by the end of the 2011 season in August, when the Western New York Flash won the WPS championship, but the league suddenly announced that magicJack had been “terminated” on October 27. Borislow soon took up legal action against the move, filing an injunction for reinstatement claiming that WPS had not followed their own procedures in doing so, and on January 9 a Florida judge upheld their motion.
The case took another unexpected turn on January 18, when both parties agreed to a compromise deal that would see magicJack play a series of exhibition matches against WPS teams over the next two years. But apparently the deal could not be finalized in time to avoid the move to cancel the 2012 campaign.
[Updated: Official Press Release from WPS confirms story]
[+ See our story on Abby Wambach's recent backing of Dan Borislow]
ARROYO GRANDE, Calif. (MarketWatch) -- “What's distinctive about the Tea Party is its anarchist streak -- its antagonism toward any authority, its belligerent self-expression, and its lack of any coherent program or alternative to the policies it condemns,” warns Jacob Weisberg in Newsweek. But why not three cheers for the Tea Party Express?
Admit it, something historic is brewing. And yes, it's good for America, even the anarchy. Revolution is renewal. Tea-baggers want to take on both parties, “restore honor” and “take back the country.” Bring it on, the feeling's mutual.
OK, maybe most Americans just silently mimic the words, “we're mad as hell, won't take it any more.” But watch out: After November the campaign's shrill rhetoric explodes into action.
Tea-baggers are kicking the revolution into high gear. Debt is sinking America. Both parties are to blame. So vote out incumbents. Spare no one. We need new leadership, another Reagan or Truman. Congress better get the message: Cut that budget, or they'll dump the rest of you in the coming Great Purge of 2012.
Unfortunately they're tone deaf. Congress cannot see past the election. All that changes in November.
So thanks Tea Party, Vegas odds must favor a Second American Revolution. Actually, the revolution is already roaring, hot, it's about time. The GOP and the Dems had more than a decade. But America's worse off. We need a real revolution to restore sanity … or we can kiss democracy and capitalism good-bye, permanently.
Warning: Another revolution will cost investors 20% more losses
Yes, big warning, the Second American Revolution will extract painful austerity, not the “happy days are here again” future touted by tea-baggers. For years it'll be impossible for most of America's 95 million investors to develop a successful investment or logical retirement strategy.
Why? Political chaos will translate into extreme volatility and a highly unpredictable stock market. Result: Wall Street will lose another 20% of the value of your retirement portfolio in the next decade, just as Wall Street did the last decade. So if you think you're “mad as hell” now, “you ain't seen nuthin' yet!”
Here's the timeline:
Stage 1: The Dems just put the nail in their coffin by confirming they are wimps, refusing to force the GOP to filibuster the Bush tax cuts for America's richest.
Stage 2: The GOP takes over the House, expanding its war to destroy Obama with its new policy of “complete gridlock,” even “shutting down government.”
Stage 3: Obama goes lame-duck.
Stage 4: The GOP wins back the White House and Senate in 2012. Health care returns to insurers. Free market financial deregulation returns.
Stage 5: Under the new president, Wall Street's insatiable greed triggers the catastrophic third meltdown of the 21st century Shiller predicted, with defaults on dollar-denominated debt.
Stage 6: The Second American Revolution explodes into a brutal full-scale class war rebelling against the out-of-touch, out-of-control greedy conspiracy-of-the-rich now running America.
Stage 7: Domestic class warfare is compounded by Pentagon's prediction that by 2020 “an ancient pattern of desperate, all-out wars over food, water, and energy supplies would emerge” worldwide and “warfare is defining human life.”
What's behind our 2010-2020 countdown? It became obvious after reading the brilliant but bleak “Decadence of Election 2010” report by Prof. Peter Morici, former chief economist at the International Trade Commission. They see no hope from America's political parties, just a dark scenario ahead.
Here are the 10 points we see in their message:
1. Expect nothing positive from Dems, the GOP or Tea Party
Yes, we're all “justifiably ticked off.” But “Democrats, Republicans, and yes the Tea Party offer little that is encouraging.” Earlier Morici warned: “Democratic capitalism is in eclipse. … Politicians have deceived voters,” and are “suffering from delusions of grandeur, self deception and good old-fashioned abuse.”
2. Democracy has become too-big-to-govern … by anyone
“The current economic quagmire is a bipartisan creation.” Bush failures led to a “Great Recession … reckless Wall Street pay and fraud, a breakdown in sound lending standards by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac … Countrywide, and a huge trade deficit with China and on oil” leaving “Beijing and Middle East royals with trillions of U.S. dollars that they invested foolishly” in bonds “financing the housing and commercial real estate bubbles.”
3. Clinton, Bush, Obama policies all feeding revolutionary flames
Even before Bush, “all was set in motion by bank deregulation engineered by Clinton … Secretaries Robert Rubin and Lawrence Summers … Clinton's deal to admit China into the World Trade Organization” handed “China free access to U.S. markets” while blocking exports. Earlier Dems blocked “domestic oil and gas development” and froze “auto mileage standards.” Obama “finally imposed higher mileage requirements,” but after pushing offshore drilling, they “punished the entire petroleum industry” for the BP disaster.
4. Bush's biggest mistake: Goldman CEO Hank Paulson
Morici admits: If Bush is “culpable for anything, it was to not see the gathering storm on Wall Street.” Worse, their Treasury picks were disasters: [John] Snow was clueless, Paulson devious. They conned a clueless Congress into bailout trillions, “believing banks could borrow at 3% and lend at 5 and pay MBAs three years out of school five-million-dollar bonuses to create mortgage backed securities.” Greed drove the Bush Treasury.
5. All partisan political leaders are destined to sabotage America
One thing is clear to Morici: Not only were America's leaders a “bunch of second-rate incompetents” on both the Clinton and Bush teams, “Obama's ratcheting up government spending and taxes won't fix what's broke, and neither will the GOP prescription of tax cuts and deregulation.” Get it? Democracy is in a classic double-bind, no-win scenario.
6. America's democratic capitalism trapped in systemic failure
Morici simply dismisses “Obama's two signature initiatives -- health-care reform and financial services reregulation.” They “simply don't work.” Why? Politicians “failed to address the root problem, Americans pay 50% more for doctors, hospitals and drugs, than subscribers to national health plans in Germany, France and other decadent socialist European countries.” Yet, insurers hate reform, will self-destruct America first.
7. Wall Street's insatiable greed is a virus that never sleeps
Wall Street banks are “back to their old tricks,” warns Morici, “hustling municipal governments into the kind of quick-fix budget schemes, like selling parking meters and airport fees.” Why? Wall Street's “hustling shoddy corporate bonds that lack adequate collateral and may never be repaid” to justify their absurd mega-bonuses. And they'll keep doing it till the revolution creates a new non-capitalist banking system.
8. New political leaders offer no hope -- Wall Street rules America
GOP's next leaders will fail: “Cutting taxes and mindless deregulation are not the answer.” We need the revenue. They have no real plan to trim “$1 trillion from federal spending … few believe deregulation will fix health care or Wall Street.” The GOP has no “effective government solutions to health care, Wall Street, fixing trade with China, and dependence on foreign oil.” And the Tea Party “only offers a purer form of failed Republicanism. Tax and spend less, and turn the country over to the robber barons.”
9. Praying for a messiah, we're sleepwalking till the revolution
Morici's solution: America “needs a prophet, another Harry Truman or Ronald Reagan.” But we'll never get one, until a catastrophe hits. Wall Street's so greedy, so corrupt, so untouchable, so much in control, they will bankroll and control all future “prophets.”
10. The Second American Revolution coming
Yes, extreme austerity: “Americans must accept fewer government-paid benefits -- for the rich, the poor and those in between -- and must acknowledge the market works the best most of the time, but it is not working in health care, banking, China, and oil.” Huh? Sounds like classic economist's double-speak: “The market works most of the time” … except the market doesn't work at all in the four biggest economic sectors? Fuzzy thinking?
Morici warns, we need “new approaches to regulating, yes regulating, what the medical industry charges, bankers pay themselves, what Americans tolerate and buy” and “guiding big oil and car companies to sustainable solutions.”
Holy cow, they suddenly sound more like a liberal politician than conservative economist. Yes, he's reflecting the total chaos coming on the short road to the Second American Revolution.
In the end, however, you have to admit the good professor does make a lot of sense: “Sounds radical but running the world has never been a choice between statism and anarchy,” says Morici.
Choice? Unfortunately, they offer a false choice: Running America effectively means accepting “that the private sector is not the enemy and government is not evil, but neither can serve the other, and us, if value is not seen in each.”
Laudable, but impossible because once the GOP Tea Party of No-No is back in power, compromising is not on their agenda, “gridlock” is. So anarchy is the only choice -- they will never, never work with Democrats … until forced by the Second America Revolution when the middle class finally rises up and overthrows the greedy wealth conspiracy of Wall Street, Washington, CEOs and the Forbes 400.
Till then, anarchy rules as the conspiracy keeps looting Treasury, stealing from taxpayers, conning us all.
Want news about Asia delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Asia Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Donald Trump has urged black voters to back their campaign, saying, "What do you have to lose?" But their efforts to win over the crucial swing state voting demographic may have hit a roadblock Sunday after rumors leaked that Trump had used a racial slur while working as the host of the NBC reality show "The Apprentice."
Reporters have tried to find the unaired footage, while Mark Burnett, the television producer behind the show and a friend to Trump, has allegedly warned staffers not to leak the video, BuzzFeed News reported Sunday. The Associated Press reported last week that Trump made sexist remarks while hosting the show, but the unaired footage could prove more explosive, according to Bill Pruitt, a reality television producer who worked on “The Apprentice.”
"As a producer on seasons 1 & 2 of #theapprentice I assure you: when it comes to the #trumptapes there are far worse,” they tweeted.
Chris Née, an award-winning screenwriter and producer, tweeted Sunday that they once signed a contract that said they would have to pay $5 million if they released footage from the show without Burnett's permission. They said the footage would show Trump using a racial slur to describe black people. Née tweeted: "Hearing from producers/crew N word is the ‘much worse.'"
NBC said it could not release the tapes because it doesn't own the footage. "We're pursuing it along with every other news organization reporting on this story," an NBC spokesperson told POLITICO.
Burnett has refused to release the footage, an unnamed source told BuzzFeed News. Burnett "is pro-Trump and has made clear to their teams that they will sue anyone who leaks," the person said.
The head of a pro-Clinton SuperPAC has vowed to cover the legal expenses of staffers on the show who release the unaired footage of Trump. "If a $5 million ‘leak fee' is what stands between truth and total Trump implosion, sign me up," said David Brock, the founder of American Bridge, in an email to BuzzFeed News.
The Washington Post released video Friday that included an unedited 2005 conversation between Trump and then-"Access Hollywood" host Billy Bush. "Grab them by the p---y," Trump tells Bush in the video as they discuss women. "You can do anything."
Several Republicans, including Arizona Sen. John McCain, have denounced Trump's remarks. A public opinion poll by POLITICO/Morning Consult found 39 percent of voters said Trump should drop out, and 45 percent said they should stay.
Trump said in a video statement early Saturday that the remarks "don't reflect who I am. I said it, I was wrong, and I apologize." They also attacked Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, accusing them of having "bullied, attacked, shamed and intimidated" their husband's "victims."
"I've said some foolish things, but there's a big difference between the words and actions of other people," Trump said. "Bill Clinton has actually abused women ... We will discuss this more in the coming days."
In August, Trump told black voters to vote for him. They said: "You're living in poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs, 58 percent of your youth is unemployed -- what the hell do you have to lose?"
89 people were shot at an Eagles Of Death Metal gig last month
U2 frontman Bono has stated that they have written a song about the recent Paris terror attacks.
132 people were recently killed during a series of attacks on the French capital on November 13, with gig venue Le Bataclan the worst hit. 89 people were shot at Eagles Of Death Metal's Paris concert.
U2 had been scheduled to play in Paris the day after the attacks but later cancelled their shows.
Now, Bono has revealed to CNN that they were inspired by the tragic events to pen a new track.
The song is called ‘Streets of Surrender' and Bono recited some of the lyrics during a new video interview. Watch below.
Meanwhile, it was recently confirmed Eagles Of Death Metal will join U2 onstage at their rescheduled Paris gig this Sunday (December 6).
Sharethrough (Mobile)
In their first interview after the attacks, the band said they wanted to finish their tour, with frontman Jesse Hughes adding, “I want to be the first person to play in the Bataclan when it opens up.”
According to a Billboard source, the band will perform with U2 on December 6 at Paris' AccorHotels Arena and will recommence their European tour in February 2016. Josh Homme, who was not present during the Bataclan attack, will reportedly also be at the U2 gig.
Jazz Must Make Most Of This NBA Draft by Clint Peterson
2015-16 Utah Jazz: The View From Section 3 – The First Perk by Blake Draper
With Euroleague superstar and Utah Jazz draftee Ante Tomic opting to remain with their Spanish club, FC Barcelona Basquet, many fans have turned their attention German center Tibor Pleiss as a possible replacement. Unfortunately, bringing Pleiss stateside may also prove difficult.
According to a report by Eurohoops, FC Bayern Munich Basketball may be looking to acquire the big man from Barça. The club, which also participates in Euroleague play and won the 2014 Basketball Bundesliga championship, is said to already be in talks to negotiate a deal.
The seven-foot-two Pleiss (or Pleiß if we're being proper) has been playing in a reserve role behind Tomic with Barcelona. Should Bayern acquire the 25-year-old, it has been reported that the two clubs will split the cost of their salary.
After their rights were obtained by the Jazz in the Ener Kantes trade, reports surfaced that Pleiss was looking to join the team sooner rather than later. The center checked in at No. 3 on my list of potential Plan B options following Tomic's decision to re-sign with Barça.
Fine! We wanted Tibor Pleiss more anyway! #AnteTomicIsYellow — Jedi & Jerms on Jazz (@jediandjerms) April 28, 2015
Regardless of whether or not Bayern Munich is able to pry Pleiss from their Spanish club, their current contract will be up following next season's conclusion. So while it seems the big man could remain in Europe for another year, Pleiss may still find their way to Salt Lake City.
Until that actually comes to pass, Jazz brass will continue to chase their latest white whale.
Assange was arrested in London last December after Sweden put out an international arrest warrant for them [AFP]
Julian Assange, the founder of whistleblowing website WikiLeaks, has arrived at a London court to fight their extradition to Sweden, where they are wanted for questioning over allegations of sex crimes.
The two-day hearing at Belmarsh Magistrate's court, a high security building, began on Monday morning and will examine the Swedish arrest warrant issued for Assange in December last year.
If the ruling goes against the Australian they will be able to appeal the decision at England's supreme court.
Geoffrey Robertson, a human rights lawyer representing Assange, said their client was fighting extradition because Swedish trials involving alleged sex crimes are often held in secret.
They said such a trial would be "a flagrant denial of justice ... blantantly unfair, not only by British standards but by European standards and indeed by international standards".
Assange's defence team are also expected to argue that the extradition request is unacceptable, because they have not been charged with any crime.
In documents released online by their legal team on Monday , Assange's lawyers said they will raise concerns that once extradited to Sweden, their client runs the risk of extradition or even illegal rendition to the United States, where they say they could face the death penalty.
"There is a real risk that, if extradited to Sweden, the US will seek their extradition and/or illegal rendition to the USA, where there will be a real risk of them being detained at Guantanamo Bay or elsewhere," it said.
However, Sweden has strongly denied pressure from the US in bringing the case against Assange.
Celebrity backers
The website founder is accused of sexual misconduct by two women they met in Stockholm, the Swedish capital, last year. They have denied the allegations.
Laurence Lee, Al Jazeera's correspondent at the court, said the defence have tried to attack the allegations made by the two women, saying that "far from being rape, the sex was entirely consensual".
"Lawyers for Assange have also attempted to undermine the reputation of the Swedish prosecutor who issued the arrest warrant, saying they didn't have the power to do so," they said, calling in a witness who said they were biased against men.
However the prosecution said they believe Assange did use violence against the two women. They also sought to allay fears highlighted by the defence, saying Assange would not be extradited to the US if sent to Sweden.
The ongoing case against the WikiLeaks founder has drawn widespread publicity and controversy, drawing an entourage of lawyers, supporters, protesters and journalists at their court hearings.
Celebrity backers are leading rallies in London on Monday to support claims by Assange that the claims against them are politically motivated.
Rights campaigner Jemima Khan, British politician Tony Benn, Bianca Jagger, and founder of the Frontline journalists' club Vaughan Smith are reported to be in the public gallery watching the case.
Our correspondent said there's a "level of confidence" in Assange's defence team.
"There's a really serious line-up of heavyweight human rights people, who've been going into the court building," they said.
"There's a lot of people behind them they had a big grin on their face when they walked in [to court] this morning.
"In some ways they're actually hoping that they might get the whole thing thrown out by Tuesday."
Appeal to Australia
Assange was released on bail conditions late last year after spending one week in custody, on the conditions that they live under curfew at a friend's mansion in England's east and wear an electronic tag.
However the conditions have still allowed them to conduct multiple media interviews, sign a reported $1.5m deal for a memoir, and pose for a magazine Christmas photo shoot dressed as Santa Claus.
WikiLeaks has angered US officials and sparked controversy around the world after releasing secret information on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as slowly releasing hundreds of thousands of embarrassing US diplomatic cables.
As the website's founder and leader, Assange faces a widening criminal probe in the United States and has made powerful enemies in Washington.
Assange has appealed to Julia Gillard, the Australian prime minister, to help them return to their homeland.
"Julia Gillard should be taking active steps to bring me home and protect our people," they said in a video message.
A decision on Assange's extradition is not expected on Tuesday, when the hearing ends. The judge is expected to defer a ruling until later this month, under a term known as "reserving judgement".
Al Jazeera is not responsible for the content of external websites.
Last month, Greg Abbott, the Republican Governor of Texas, signed into law an anti-immigrant measure allowing local police officers to ask for the citizenship status of anyone they detain. This sort of provision—often called a “show me your papers” law—has been attempted at the state level before, most notoriously in Arizona, which passed a measure in 2010 that was subsequently blocked in federal court. In response to the new law, civil-rights groups and several Texas city governments have filed lawsuits against the measure. Earlier this week, thousands of demonstrators descended on the state capitol, in Austin, to protest on the last day of the legislative session, prompting one overwhelmed Republican representative to call Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), presumably so that agents could arrest and deport members of the opposition while they stood in a gallery of the statehouse.
Texas's law, known as Senate Bill 4 (S.B. 4), is in some ways even harsher than the one Arizona passed seven years ago: the new measure allows state authorities to punish any police chief or sheriff who tells their or their subordinates not to act as de-facto immigration agents. Violators face steep fines (a thousand dollars for the first offense and up to twenty-five thousand dollars thereafter) as well as potential removal from office. For this, and other reasons, some of the most vocal critics of S.B. 4 are leaders of the state's law-enforcement community.
On April 28th, just after the bill passed the Texas House of Representatives, a group of police chiefs led by David Pughes and Art Acevedo—the heads of the Dallas and Houston Police Departments, respectively—wrote a public statement urging lawmakers to reconsider. “No one believes in the rule of law more than police officers,” they began, but this bill was “political pandering that will make our communities more dangerous.” In their eyes, the bill would undermine the work they've done to build trust in the communities they police.
Police chiefs have been speaking out against the bill since it was introduced in the State Senate, last fall. “It's kind of amazing that, during the initial hearing, the senators had all these chiefs and sheriffs from across Texas speaking against the bill—and they totally ignored the people in law enforcement,” the El Paso County sheriff, Richard Wiles, told me this week. They said that their staff is overworked as it is. “My officers are too busy to waste their time doing another agency's work,” they said. “If there is an officer who wants to do this, we can't stop them under the new law. The only area where one of my officers could now be allowed to go out there and ignore their own bosses is on immigration. It's crazy.”
Wiles believes that the law will make daily policing more difficult. “We want people to report crime, whether they're a victim or a witness, regardless of their immigration status,” they said. If individuals are scared they'll be deported when they come forward, key leads will dry up and crimes will become harder to solve. Acevedo, the Houston police chief, pointed out that such an outcome would affect citizens and noncitizens alike. “What if the only witness to a crime is an undocumented nanny, or the gardener, or a construction worker?” they said. “And now they don't call in what they see!” Acevedo told me that this year, amid rising fears of a federal immigration raids, there's been a forty-two-per-cent reduction in reports of rapes in Latino communities in the Houston area, even though the crime rate itself hasn't declined. “That does not bode well,” they said. “Community policing is something that's been at the core of American law enforcement for the last twenty or thirty years. It's resulted in historically low crime rates despite population growth and despite the fact that most departments are understaffed and under-resourced. I'm not going to sit idly by while calls for service are piling up and an officer decides to go, instead, to a Home Depot to harass day laborers.”
Bills like S.B. 4 had circulated in the Texas legislature in years past, pushed by conservative state lawmakers looking to make a statement. Gregorio Casar, a member of the Austin City Council, told me, “There have been forces here in Texas that have wanted this bill and bills like it for a long time. But they weren't serious threats. Texas on immigration policy was like the dog that barked but didn't always bite.” That changed in January, after Donald Trump issued an executive order on so-called sanctuary cities, threatening to withhold federal money from local jurisdictions that didn't do ICE's bidding. There is no set definition of what makes a sanctuary city—different cities have instituted their own immigrant-friendly laws and guidelines—but the Administration was trying to compel local officials to do more to help federal immigration agents.
After Trump issued the order, Sally Hernandez, the sheriff of Travis County, Texas, publicly criticized it. “We cannot afford to make our community less safe by driving people into the shadows,” they said at the time. Abbott, the Governor, responded by promising a total "crackdown" on sanctuary cities in the state. On January 31st, in their State of the State address, they identified the war on sanctuary cities as a top policy priority. They also punished Travis County, specifically, by withholding $1.5 million in state funding. S.B. 4 had been introduced a few months earlier, and Republicans quickly rallied to the Governor's call, passing the measure in the State Senate on February 8th.
As the House debated the bill, Steve Adler, the mayor of Austin—which is the Travis County seat—travelled to Washington with a delegation of mayors from across the country to meet with Jeff Sessions, the Attorney General. Adler and the other mayors wanted to know if the federal government considered their cities “sanctuaries.” More specifically, they wanted clarification on whether cities were legally required to comply with so-called detainer requests—when ICE asks local law-enforcement officials to hold, for an extended period of time, an undocumented person who was arrested, even if they or they hadn't been charged with a crime. Several of the mayors present interpreted the Attorney General's answer as a no, and they gave press conferences after the meeting to announce that they'd left feeling reassured. “I walked out of that meeting saying, ‘O.K., this is what the Attorney General is telling me,' ” Adler recalled. They thought that having clarification from the Justice Department would slow down the legislative push in their home state. But it didn't; neither did the ruling of a federal judge, who blocked the President's executive order for unfairly punishing sanctuary cities.
I asked Cecillia Wang, the deputy legal director of the A.C.L.U., which has also filed suit against the law, how S.B. 4 ranks among other infamously harsh anti-immigrant laws that have been passed in recent years, like Arizona's. They told me that they see Texas's law as especially harmful because it puts local officials in a significant legal bind. Over the years, people have sued local police departments for holding them without a valid warrant at the behest of ICE, and the courts have ruled that municipalities bear legal liability in such cases. “The various detainer lawsuits over the past several years make it clear that this law is a bad idea, and yet the Texas legislature and the Governor shoved it down their own police chiefs' and sheriffs' throats,” Wang said. “It's stripping away their ability to do their job as they see fit, which is to protect public safety.”
Acevedo, the Houston police chief, saw an irony in this. “Texas politicians always complain that Washington is trying to dictate to them how to do things,” they told me. “Now they're turning around and doing the same thing to the cities in their own state.”
The Department of Veterans Affairs has terminated another whistle-blower.
The John J. Pershing VA Medical Center in Poplar Bluff, Missouri (PBVAMC) sent a termination notice to Dr. Dale Klein on last Tuesday.
“In connection with the proposed removal dated May 22, 2017, a decision has been made to discharge you from federal employment effective August 22, 2017,” a termination letter written by Dr. Michael Adelman, the Veteran Integrated Services Network (VISN) 4 director and the deciding officer on Dr. Klein's case, stated.
Klein was terminated ostensibly for failure to follow orders, but their attorneys at the Whistleblower Law Firm are crying foul, stating that it was whistle-blower retaliation.
Klein disclosed patient care issues in the pain management department — where they were a doctor — at the hospital in 2015 and in May 2017, the VA Office of Inspector General validated their concerns.
“We substantiated the allegation of poor management of long-term opioid therapy for pain for the 10 patients we reviewed,” the inspector general report stated.
Rather than fixing the issue, the hospital retaliated against Klein: “On May 28, 2016, after Klein's superiors found out he'd blown the whistle on what they saw as serious problems, the VA closed their clinic and tried to fire him. When the agency learned Klein could not be fired because they were a whistleblower, their superiors forced them to sit in a room for a year, with no patients and no duties, all the while paying them their full salary of $250,000 a year,” a Fox New article from June stated.
Soon after that article came out, the VA medical center did “a 180,” according to Klein's attorney, Natalie Khawam, and ordered them to see patients again.
Since that new order, Klein has only seen two patients.
The hospital claims it's because they refuse to do so, but Khawam said it was because the hospital refused to schedule any more patients.
“The PB-VAMC has claimed it ordered Dr. Klein to see patients and that there were patients waiting to be seen by Dr. Klein. However, there is evidence to show the PB-VAMC never intended to assign pain consults to Dr. Klein. In fact, the evidence shows that the PB-VAMC never intended, and has made no attempt, to schedule patients for pain consults at Poplar Bluff since the beginning of this year (2017), even before asking Dr. Klein to take start seeing patients,” Khawam stated in their response to the termination.
Emails provided to The Daily Caller back up this assertion, with Klein repeatedly complaining that patients are not being schedule, and noting the issues they disclosed to the inspector general had not been addressed.
Klein also complained they had not been re-entered properly — a technical medical term for proper training for a doctor following a long layoff like his.
“As ordered, I will see patients, as the VA is aware of my concerns of not having all the appropriate tools for patient care and that I have not been brought up to date on the changes in pain management law, treatment, and patient pain management care. Nor has the PBVAMC made me aware if my credentialing/privileging is current and approved for patient care,” Klein said in an email to a manager at the hospital on June 5, 2017. “However, please be aware that I cannot perform duties or procedures that could endanger Veterans. For patient and doctor safety, I intend to ask for someone to second sign any medical chart I touch and I will make the appropriate disclosures in support of our Veterans for each assignment.”
“I am looking forward to treating Veterans with the highest standard of care that our Veterans deserve, and that I was proudly providing over a year ago. However, since I have been in confinement without access to practice or patients, I have been reasonably requesting for a period of re-acclamation to properly provide pain procedures and review any changes in Pain Management guidelines,” Klein said in another email on June 6.
In an email on Aug. 18, just days before their termination, Klein was still insisting that roadblocks had been formed to stop them from seeing patients: “I am actively trying to get back to patient care, but I have not been given any patient files to review or patient consults scheduled. Furthermore, the nurse assigned to the Pain Management Clinic has clearly acknowledged that they do not know standard operating procedures for a Pain Management Clinic. I have offered numerous times to provide them that training but they have refused multiple times.”
Angela Smith, the public affairs officer for the Poplar Bluff medical center, did not respond to an email for comment.
Klein's termination is also curious because of the presence of Dr. Adelman, who is the regional director of VISN 4.
That's a region of VA hospitals in Pennsylvania and Ohio. It does not include the Poplar Bluff medical center, which is in VISN 15.
Khawam said no one at the VA has ever explained to them why Adelman, from another region, was chosen to decide their client's fate.
An email to Adelman asking why they made this decision was left unreturned.
The termination of Klein appears to be the latest example of whistle-blower retaliation, which continues at the VA despite legislation passed in June which President Donald Trump said would add protections for whistle-blowers against retaliation.
Sean Higgins, a well-known whistle-blower at the Memphis VA Medical Center, was informed he'd be terminated on the day the legislation was signed.
That hospital had already terminated Higgins twice before — since they began their employment in 2007 — only to have the appeals process determine those terminations were meritless.
Earlier this month, the Washington Examiner ran an article about a Montana VA whistle-blower who confronted VA Secretary David Shulkin about whistle-blower retaliation at a townhall: “Shulkin met with VA officials in Montana to tour the Fort Harrison facility, and later participated in a question-and-answer session. That's where Greg Chiles, a veteran and VA police officer, asked Shulkin why retaliation against them is not being stopped.”
Shea Wilkes is an employee and whistle-blower at the Shreveport VA Medical Center who sent a letter to the White House informing the president that 2,000 veterans are waiting for appointments in August.
“Retaliation is still rampant in the VA and causes many good employees to remain silent,” Wilkes said in their letter.
ANNECY-LE-VIEUX, France — The list of endearing quirks connected to the Iceland men's soccer team is maddeningly, frustratingly, delightfully long. Try to pick a favorite: Is it the coach who is also a dentist? Is it the announcer whose television calls sound as if they have been lighted on fire? Is it the 10 percent — and no, that is not an exaggeration — of Iceland's residents who have come to France to cheer for their team at this summer's European Championships?
All are worthy contenders — as is, it should be said, the goalkeeper who used to direct music videos — but regardless of which absurdity strikes anyone's particular fancy, the sum of these parts has produced one of the more remarkable international sports stories in recent memory.
Iceland, whose national population of about 330,000 makes it smaller than more than 50 American cities, qualified for the Euros (which was startling), advanced out of the group stage (which was surprising), beat England in the round of 16 (which was astonishing) and now, in Sunday's quarterfinal at the national stadium just outside Paris, will try to eliminate the host, France (which would be, frankly, ridiculous).
“We are living a dream,” said Gudmundur Benediktsson, a former national team player who does play-by-play for the team's television broadcasts. “The whole country is living a dream. And we don't want to wake up.”
Rules
THE CARPET PEOPLE PRE-ORDER OFFER OFFICIAL RULES
The Carpet People pre-order offer: The first 1,000 people to send in proof of a pre-order of THE CARPET PEOPLE hardcover (US edition, published by Clarion Books) or ebook (US edition, published by Clarion Books) will get a free print (10.25" x 5.25") of THE CARPET PEOPLE art created by Terry Pratchett! $4.99 approximate retail value. Offer begins July 1, 2013 and ends November 4, 2013. While supplies last.
TO REDEEM THIS SPECIAL OFFER - To receive this print of THE CARPET PEOPLE art, submit your information and receipt in the following way:
1. Go to hmhbooks.com/carpetpeople to submit your contact information and a copy of your pre-order receipt. You must submit the following information:
Your full name
Mailing address
E-mail address
Date of birth
**PRE-ORDER RECEIPT: You will also need to submit a photo or scanned copy, in PDF, JPG, JPEG, TIF, GIF, or PNG format, of either your original in-store pre-order receipt, OR a photo or scanned copy of your e-mail confirmation of your pre-order from an online retailer showing your name and address, order number, vendor name and date of order.
OFFER VALID ONLY WHILE SUPPLIES LAST, SUBJECT TO AVAILABILITY. Promotion begins July 1st, 2013 and ends November 4, 2013 or while supplies last, whichever is earlier. Offer only available to residents of the fifty United States and District of Columbia age 18 and older. No refunds, exchanges, or substitutions. Offer limited to one per person or household. You must pre-order a copy of the US edition of The Carpet People by Terry Pratchett (published by Clarion Books, an imprint of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books for Young Readers) to take advantage of this offer. Offer void if obtained through nonauthorized channels, including, without limitation, free offer or freebie directories. Original store pre-order receipt or copy of email preorder confirmation must be received electronically by November 4, 2013. Theft, diversion, reproduction, transfer, sale or purchase of proofs-of-purchase or receipts is prohibited and may constitute fraud. Allow 8 weeks for delivery. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books for Young Readers is not responsible for late, lost or misdirected mail. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books for Young Readers reserves the right to substitute a premium of equal or greater value in the event the CARPET PEOPLE art print is no longer available.
Parabens are widely used as antimicrobial preservatives in cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage processing due to their board spectrum of activity, inertness, and low cost. The study population consisted of 156 men under 45 years of age who attended the infertility clinic for diagnostic purposes with normal semen concentration of 15-300 mln/ml. Participants were interviewed and provided a semen sample. The parabens concentrations: ethyl paraben (EP), butyl paraben (BP), methyl paraben (MP), and iso-butyl paraben (iBuP) were analyzed in the urine using a validated gas chromatography ion-tap mass spectrometry method. The positive association was found between urinary level of BP and XY18 disomy (p = 0.045) and PP and disomy of chromosome 13 (p = 0.007). This is the first study to examine these relationships, and replication of our findings is needed before the association between parabens concentration in urine and aneuploidy can be fully defined. These findings may be of concern due to increased parabens use.
The Latvian prime minister and their government have resigned amid growing political and economic strife in the Baltic country.
Prime Minister Ivars Godmanis submitted their resignation to the president, Valdis Zatlers, on Friday (20 February) afternoon after the two largest parties in the ruling four-party coalition demanded they step down.
The Latvian parliament: The president will seek a fresh governing coalition (Photo: Latvian parliament)
Earlier in the day, Mareks Seglins, the head of the People Party, which held the most seats in the coalition, said that their party and the Union of Greens and Farmers asked them to go.
President Zatlers has said they are to immediately start talks with all parties on the formation of a new government.
Mr Godmanis, of the Latvian Way party - the third largest within the coalition - survived a no-confidence motion in the parliament on 3 February.
The economic crisis has hit Latvia harder than most other EU states, with the country receiving a €7.5 billion emergency bail-out from the IMF and the EU.
Latvia's economy contracted by 10.5 percent year on year in the final quarter of 2008 and its GDP is expected to fall 12 percent in 2009.
The economic collapse has in turn provoked rolling civil unrest, which saw riots in the capital on 13 January and farmers in February blocked roads and surrounded government buildings, ultimately winning the resignation of the agriculture minister.
The fall of Mr Godmanis' coalition is the first European Union government to fall as a result of the economic crisis, and the second such collapse after Iceland.
These adorable fluffy cows are “show cattle,” a cross between two high-quality breeds of cattle whose luxurious coats have been fluffed up using product, hair dryers, and a lot of time. According to Lautner Farms, it takes about two hours and copious amounts of hairspray and oil to style one of these fluffy cows for showtime. In another blog post, Lautner Farms provides more information on the styling process:
Tony Bruguiere, a photojournalist based in Colorado reported that there are many different tools used to make a bovine look divine, including ” an ergonomically shaped squeegee to remove excess water after washing, a powered “Roto Fluffer” to remove guard hairs, high velocity blowers for drying, chutes especially designed to hold the cattle during grooming, huge turbo fans to keep a constant flow of air moving through the animals hair and more clipper and blade combinations than you can count.” Bruguiere also indicated that groomers use a lot of products to get the cattle looking spiffy listing “shampoos, conditioners, adhesives including a special one just for the tail, mousse, oil, dyes, paints in six different shades, hair builder, hair polish, sun screen, and removal products to get all this stuff off the hair.”
photos and videos via Lautner Farms
via reddit, Oddity Central
By now the only Homo sapiens in the world who don't realize that the Japanese earthquake/tsunami/nuclear disaster will have profound implications on supply chains, inventory levels, profit margins, corporate bottom lines and broad economic output are Wall Street sell side analysts, who remain convinced that the Lemming view is the right one, at least until management teams start coming out, most likely in the upcoming week, and issuing profit warnings, conveniently blaming their declining profitability on Japan, the weather and other "one time items." In fact, in the old tried and true mentality of "he who defects first, loses the least" and the even trieder and truer mentality of "never let a crisis go to waste" we may suddenly see a scramble of management teams taking advantage of the economic adversity posed by Japan to buffer their own declining margins, therefore buying them at least a quarter before the market realizes that the entire QE2 inspired "golden age" is now over. After all, one would be stupid not to blame an event which most will perceive as non-recurring, thereby eliminating its follow through to the top and the bottom line in future quarters and minimizing the impact on the stock price. So while corporate treasurers and CFOs are wording their press releases appropriately, which we expect will start hitting the tape as soon as tomorrow, here is the most recent recap of known auto and electronic-maker disruptions as reported by Reuters.
Following is a roundup of the impact of this month's devastating earthquake and tsunami on Japanese manufacturers of cars and electronics.
Plant shutdowns in Japan threaten supplies to manufacturers across the globe of items from semiconductors to car parts.
Japanese companies are not only reeling from damage to factories and suppliers in quake-hit northeastern Japan but are also suffering from fuel shortages nationwide and power outages in the Tokyo area that are affecting production, distribution and the ability of staff to get to work.
automakers
* Toyota Motor Corp halted most operations at 18 factories that assemble Toyota and Lexus vehicles in Japan. It has restarted production of three hybrid models, the Prius, Lexus HS250h and CT200h, from March 28 at two factories but will suspend output for one day this week, on March 30. Toyota is making car parts at plants near its base in Toyota City, central Japan, for overseas assembly facilities and for repair parts. Toyota will delay the launch of the Prius wagon and minivan models in Japan from the original plan for the end of April.
* Honda Motor Co extended its production halt in Japan to April 3. On Monday, Honda said a fifth of its Japan-based Tier 1 suppliers affected by the earthquake would take more than a week to recover. Honda made 69,170 cars in January in Japan, accounting for around a quarter of its production. On Thursday the company said it would resume production of motorcycles and power products at its Kumamoto plant in Kyushu, southern Japan.
* Nissan Motor Co resumed vehicle production at all assembly plants in Japan from Thursday, March 24, while supplies last. It resumed production of parts for overseas manufacturing and repair parts on March 21. Restoration continues at its damaged Iwaki engine factory in Tochigi prefecture, north of Tokyo. Nissan made 81,851 cars in January in Japan, where it manufactures 23 percent of its vehicles. Goldman Sachs has calculated that one day's lost production costs Nissan about 2 billion yen ($25 million) in profit.
* Mazda Motor Corp said on Thursday it would suspend production of vehicle repair parts and parts for overseas production at its Hofu factory in Yamaguchi on March 28, after having resumed limited operations there earlier this week. Its Hiroshima factory will continue limited production until further notice, a spokesperson said.
* Suzuki Motor Corp will keep car production halted at its three assembly plants in Japan through March 29, and resume assembly of commercial trucks and vans at one of those plants for one shift on March 28 and 29. It will continue operating an engine factory using parts in its inventory. It has not decided on production plans for March 30 and beyond.
* Fuji Heavy Industries Co said all five of the car and parts-related plants for its Subaru-brand vehicles in Gunma prefecture, north of Tokyo, will be shut at least until Monday, pushing back a restart that had been due on Tuesday. Production of vehicle parts to be shipped to overseas manufacturing plants started on Wednesday and production of vehicle repair parts began Thursday.
ELECTRONICS MAKERS:
* Sony Corp said shortages of parts and raw materials would force it to suspend or reduce production at five plants in central and southern Japan making digital cameras, camera lenses, flat-screen televisions and other goods. Another plant may be affected by rolling power blackouts. Six production sites in northern Japan have been halted since the quake. If shortages continue, Sony may consider temporarily shifting some production overseas.
* Toshiba said output was suspended at a factory in Iwate prefecture making system LSI chips for microprocessors and image sensors, with no time frame yet for a resumption of output. An assembly line at a plant making small liquid crystal displays for smartphones and other devices will be closed for a month to repair damaged machinery.
* Canon said it re-started operations at two plants on Friday, but two camera plants remained closed and the company was not sure which factories it would be able to operate next week, amid a shortage of parts.
* Panasonic said some plants in northeast Japan remained closed including one making optical pick-ups and another assembling cameras and audio equipment.
* Renesas Electronics, the world's No.5 chipmaker, said production at three of its 22 factories in Japan is still halted while output at three other assembly plants has been affected by power outages imposed by utilities unable to meet electricity demand in the wake of the earthquake.
OTHERS
* Shin-Etsu Chemical, the world's leading maker of silicon wafers, said its biggest wafer plant remained offline, along with a PVC factory. The firm has not said when it will restart operations. Some of the wafers made in Japan are shipped to chip companies overseas. Shin-Etsu is trying to boost production elsewhere, particularly of 300-mm wafers, to make up the shortfall.
Share
Volkswagen's researchers and engineers are developing electric cars and autonomous technology. The Wolfsburg, Germany-based company has stepped out of the traditional auto show circuit to quietly introduce a prototype called Gen.E which showcases its advances in both areas.
The Gen.E was designed with electrification in mind from the get-go. Unfortunately, Volkswagen isn't ready to give us the low-down on its newest prototype. They're showing the car to the public only so that “engineers and scientists in Wolfsburg give a small snapshot of otherwise strictly confidential topics,” according to a statement released online. However, the few morsels of information released by the brand are promising.
An electric drivetrain gives the hatchback a range of over 250 miles, which allows it to keep up with cars like the Chevrolet Bolt and the Tesla Model 3. The battery that provides electricity is integrated into the platform so that it won't get damaged in the event of an accident, while the electric motor has been optimized to provide a blend of efficiency and performance. Whether the platform is in any way related to the modular MEB architecture that Volkswagen is currently developing for production models is up in the air at this point.
Interestingly, one of the secret projects engineers are working on is an autonomous robot that can charge an electric car. Details are again fantastically vague, but the company says it envisions a future where mobile, four-wheeled robots meander through multi-story parking garages to charge electric cars.
There's something to be said about the Gen.E's design, too. Visually, it takes styling cues from the ultra-efficient XL1 built in limited numbers and sold for a supercar-like price a couple of years ago, and pastes those cues on an attractive hatchback body that's vaguely reminiscent of a Golf or a Polo. The seventh generation of the Golf has been in production since 2012, and we know it's getting a replacement before the turn of the decade. Naturally, we're tempted to say the Gen.E might shed a little bit of insight into what the eighth-gen model will look like, but Volkswagen assures us that's not the case.
“The vehicle itself is actually of secondary relevance, just carrying some technical features related to fast charging. To be clear: any speculation regarding any brand-related production vehicle or intentions of this kind are absolutely without substance,” a company spokesperson told Digital Trends.
Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray takes part during the delivery of a message about foreign affairs by Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto at Los Pinos presidential residence in Mexico City, Mexico, January 23, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico and Turkey will speed up negotiations to sign a bilateral trade agreement, Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said on Friday at an event in Mexico City with their Turkish counterpart.
“A point of interest for both countries is to continue dialogue to build a free trade agreement between Turkey and Mexico,” Videgaray said, flanked by Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu. “We've agreed to an accelerated push to try and finalize this deal.”
Videgaray, who is at the forefront of fraught trade, immigration and security discussions with top trade partner the United States, said they wanted to see more Turkish companies in Mexico, particularly in construction and agriculture.
Cavusoglu echoed Videgaray's sentiments and said they were also looking into the possibility of direct flights between the two countries.
Today I spent several hours trying to figure out what was going wrong with a web service I've been building. The service uses websockets to let browsers and the server send messages to each other over a connection that is held open.
I built and tested the service locally and it worked fine. But when I deployed it to a remote server, the websocket connections were mysteriously dropped 30-35 seconds after they were established. The error messages on the server were cryptic, as were those in the browser. Google came to the rescue, and led me to the eye-opening explanation…
It turns out TalkTalk, my ISP, are also fetching the URLs my browser fetches, after a delay of 30-35 seconds! I guess they're not doing it with all URLs, probably because they figure the sites are “safe” and not full of content that might be deemed objectionable. All the accesses come from a single IP address (62.24.252.133), and if you block that address or otherwise deny its connection attempts, the websocket problem goes away immediately.
Dear TalkTalk – this is a very bad idea. Here are 3 strong reasons why:
First of all, you're breaking the web for your own customers, as seen above. When your customers try to use a new start-up service based on websockets, their experience will be severely degraded, perhaps to the point where the service is unusable. Time and money will be spent trying to figure out what's going on, and people will not be happy to learn that their ISP is to blame. Second, there's a real privacy issue here. I don't really want to go into it, but I don't trust my ISP (any ISP) to securely look after data associated with my account, let alone all the web content I look at. I have Google web history disabled. I don't want my ISP building up a profile of what the people in this house look at online. There's a big difference between recording the URLs I go to and actually retrieving their content. Third, it's downright dangerous. What if I were controlling a medical device via a web interface and TalkTalk were interfering by killing my connections or by replaying my requests? What if there was a security system or some other sensitive controller on the other end? There's no way on earth TalkTalk should be making requests with unknown effects to an unknown service that they have not been authorized to use. The TalkTalk legal team should consider this an emergency. Something is going to break, perhaps with fatal consequences, and they are going to get sued.
If you want to read more opinions on this issue, try Googling TalkTalk 62.24.252.133. Lots of people have run into this problem and are upset for various reasons.
See also: Phorm.
After fighting past five tough opponents to reach the NCAA singles championship, sophomore Carol Zhao couldn't complete their run to the title, as they fell in a three-set final to Jamie Loeb of North Carolina to earn runner-up honors in the tournament.
The 6-2, 4-6, 6-1 loss to Loeb, the No. 7 player in the country, snapped a 15-match winning streak for Zhao. The sophomore actually trailed 4-3 in the second set and was in danger of losing in straight sets before rebounding to force a third set, which Loeb won easily.
Zhao would have been the Cardinal's 17th singles collegiate champion overall and Stanford's first since Nicole Gibbs won in 2013.
Leading up to the final, Zhao, the No. 2 singles player in the nation, had not dropped a set in the singles tournament until the national semifinals, when they lost the first set to No. 13 Josie Kuhlman of Florida and fell behind 4-3 in the second set before rattling off wins in the next nine consecutive games to proceed to the finals.
Before then, they had collected straight-set victories over four other opponents, including conference foes Zsofi Susanyi of Cal and Chanelle Van Nguyen of UCLA. Last year, Zhao made it into the round of 16 before losing to Susanyi, making this trip to the top doubly sweet.
Neither Caroline Doyle nor Taylor Davidson, the other two singles selections for Stanford, progressed past the second round, as Davidson fell to Virginia's Danielle Collins, the defending national champion, in the first round, while Doyle lost to Robin Anderson, the top-ranked player in the nation, in the second round.
Meanwhile, in the doubles bracket, it was the duo of Doyle and senior Ellen Tsay that made an impressive run, as the two made it into the national semifinals before losing to Maya Jansen and Erin Routliffe of Alabama, who successfully defended their national title from a season ago by again winning it all this year.
Davidson and Zhao also made a run of their own into the quarterfinals as the tournament's No. 2 overall seed before falling to Brooke Austin and Kourtney Keegan of Florida.
Stanford is in prime position to make another deep run into all three national brackets next season — team, singles and doubles — as the team only loses Tsay and returns the talented trio of Zhao, Davidson and Doyle to serve as an experienced centerpiece to build a team around.
Contact Do-Hyoung Park at dhpark ‘at' stanford.edu.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 4, 2013, 7:32 PM GMT By Staff reports
A Canadian flag waves in front of a Blackberry logo at the Blackberry campus in Waterloo, in this September 23, 2013 file photo. MARK BLINCH / Reuters
BlackBerry moved to oust CEO Thorsten Heins while jettisoning a buyout by Fairfax Financial in one fell swoop on Monday, as the company struggled to stanch both a market share and stock price in free fall.
Just months after a make-or-break launch of a new device fell flat, the embattled smartphone maker — whose attempts at reinvention have done little to restore investor confidence — booted Heins and much of the company's leadership team.
In a statement, BlackBerry said Fairfax and "other institutional investors" would invest $1 billion in the company through convertible securities.
The deal will be complete within the next two weeks, it added.
"Today's announcement represents a significant vote of confidence in BlackBerry and its future by this group of preeminent, long-term investors," said Barbara Stymiest, chair of BlackBerry's Board.
"This financing provides an immediate cash injection on terms favorable to BlackBerry, enhancing our substantial cash position," they added. "Some of the most important customers in the world rely on BlackBerry and we are implementing the changes necessary to strengthen the company and ensure we remain a strong and innovative partner for their needs."
Yet the firing of Heins, who will step down at the close of the deal to be replaced by interim chair John Chen, came as a surprise to many observers. Heins was BlackBerry's most public cheerleader, relentlessly promoting the BlackBerry 10 as the company's lifeline to a revival of its fortunes.
"This feels a lot like a desperation [move]," CNBC's Jim Cramer said.
In September, BlackBerry agreed in principle to be acquired by Fairfax, a Canadian insurance company, for $9 a share in a deal worth $4.7 billion in U.S. dollars. Yet since then, several suitors have come forward with alternative bids.
Investors gave the move the thumbs-down. By late afternoon, Blackberry shares tumbled 17.2 percent to $6.43, a level unseen since October 2003.
Reuters contributed to this report.
As we have stated previously, the downing of a Russian jet in Syria by the Turkish military was clearly a provocation on the part of the Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Their aim was to stop an alliance being formed between Russia and the West in Syria. They have achieved the opposite with Turkey now more isolated and the major world powers coming closer to each other while Turkey and Saudi Arabia have been elbowed to one side.
While official NATO leaders were quick to state the right of Turkey to defend its sovereign space after downing the Russian jet, they were also quick to call for restraint on the part of Russia as well as Turkey. “De-escalation” was the buzzword all major world leaders were using.
Meanwhile a stream of leaks and unofficial comments have been aired on international media displaying the opposition of the West to the actions of Erdoğan. Particularly interesting was the comments of former Vice Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force, Lt. Gen. Tom McInerney, who in an interview on Fox News's "Real Story" said that the Turkish action was a “big mistake”. They made the point that the crossing through Turkish airspace would have lasted 20-40 seconds at most, and on a trajectory back toward Syria. Thus they deduced that the downing would have had to be a preplanned event.
McInerney went on to say that while they were a NORAD commander in Alaska, they would never have done anything like this: "This airplane was not making any maneuvers to attack the territory. It was probably pressing the limits, that's fair. But you don't shoot 'em down just because of that."
Asked by the presenter about a possible NATO reaction to an intentional provocation by Russia, they said that they thought “the intentional provocation was by Erdoğan” and noted that “Turkey used to be a very secular nation but they [Erdoğan] has driven it away from secularism towards an Islamic society with Sharia law etc.” They also raised the idea that Erdoğan may have a hidden agenda, i.e. to provoke Russia and NATO into getting into another conflict like in Ukraine, which the general believes the US can do without. They went on to say that most of Turkey's attacks have been against the Kurds and that they do not trust Erdoğan. (See the full interview here)
While this comes from a retired unofficial source, the fact that it was highlighted on Fox News is clearly a message to show the real thinking of the US ruling class. Unofficially the US has also told Reuters that it does not believe the Russian jet was in Turkish airspace when it was shot down, meaning that they disagree with Erdoğan's official explanation.
Russia and the Syrian battlefield
It is clear that the intervention of Russia in Syria has seen an increased pressure on Turkey and Saudi Arabia and their proxy militias, in particular the Al Qaeda groups and their auxiliary groups who operate in northern Latakia, Idlib and Aleppo provinces. In the past few weeks, these groups received their first significant setbacks in a year in the face of advancing Syrian, Iranian and Hezbollah forces supported by Russian airstrikes. In fact the Russian jet which was shot down was a part of a campaign against a Turkmen militia, Alwiya al-Ashar, which has been a conduit of arms, cash and ammunition from CIA and Turkish-Saudi sources to Al Qaeda aligned forces fighting in northwestern Syria and their auxiliaries.
Meanwhile, from the point of view of the US and its western allies, Russian intervention has been seen as an opportunity to end the unsustainable war which is destabilising the whole region. This came to the fore after the Paris attacks which lead to a unanimously passed UN resolution calling for an international effort to defeat all Islamist groups in Syria - including the above mentioned ones.
This was clearly seen as a threat by Turkey and Saudi Arabia, two regimes which have invested a great deal of resources, as well as prestige and “political capital”, in these imperialist interventions. Especially the plan proposed by France to set up an international coalition of forces together with Russia and Iran was seen as a threat by them as it could mean the decimation of their influence in Syria and throughout the whole region.
That is the reason why they have been lashing out. However, they have not only been lashing out against Russia, but also against western supported groups. Over the past few weeks, clashes between Al Qaeda groups and groups belonging to the newly formed Syrian Democratic Forces (a US backed group consisting of the Kurdish YPG and dubious, yet non-jihadist remnants of the FSA) have increased.
Map of Northern Aleppo Countryside. Black areas are controlled by ISIS, yellow by Kurdish forces, green by Turkish and Saudi supported forces and red by Syrian regime forces along with their allies.While Jabhat alNusra threatens to attack the Kurdish canton of Afrin, other groups close to the group attacked positions held by Jaish al-Thuwur which is a part of the SDF in the Northern Aleppo countryside. Russia in return embarked on a series of air raids in northern Aleppo, designed at disrupting trade through Turkey, some of which were in defence of Jaish al-Thuwur. Thus for the first time, Russian jets have been giving air support to US-backed troops fighting against Turkish-backed Al Qaeda groups. The result, apart from causing great damage in the important border towns of Azaz and Manbij, was for the SDF to take the village of al Malikiye from Ahrar alSham and Jabhat alNusra. Similarly a campaign has been started by the small Kurdish enclave of Sheikh Meqsud near central Aleppo, to cut of Jabhat al-Nusra supply lines into the city.
At the same time, Putin used the the downing of the jet to move a Russian S-400 missile defence system to Syria. This is one of the most advanced - if not the most advanced - missile defence systems in the world, giving Putin full control over most of Syrian airspace. In light of the provocation by Erdoğan, the Americans could do nothing but accept this aggressive measure which means any plane flying over Syria could be hit by this system.
Imperialists find common ground
As we have seen, the downing of the Russian jet was a desperate act on the part of Erdoğan to stop the budding coalition. But instead Erdoğan being strengthened, it seems that they have been weakened. Contrary to Erdoğan's wishes, France's president Hollande has continued their call for a wider international coalition in particular after a visit to Moscow. Reiterating their common goals in Syria, Hollande said the following at a joint press conference with Russian president, Vladimir Putin:
“First, we will intensify the exchange of intelligence and any other information between our militaries.
“Second, the strikes on Isis will intensify and become part of a co-ordinated campaign in order to make them more efficient.
“Third, and Mr Putin also stressed this, we must focus our airstrikes on Isis and other terrorist groups.”
Furthermore, today France's Foreign Minister, Laurent Fabius, speaking on solving the situation in Syria, said that “Two sorts of measures are required: the bombings, and troops on the ground, which could include Free Syrian army forces, Sunni Arab forces and — why not? — regime forces.”
It is clear that the world Imperialist powers have come to an agreement on how to proceed in Syria in the coming period. While Russia wants to defend its own position in Syria and use the civil war to retain its position as a major power, the western Imperialists realise that their tactic of relying on Islamist proxies to fight ISIS will not work. Unable, for political and economic reasons, to put troops on the ground, they are forced to rely on Russia, Iran and Hezbollah.
The events playing out in front of our eyes are a reflection of both the limits and weaknesses of US imperialism. The defeats in Iraq and Afghanistan have made it impossible for Obama to intervene directly in Syria and Iraq today, which means that they have been forced to rely on Iran and Russia, whereas the traditional allies of the US are becoming more like liabilities. Erdoğan's aggression against Russia merely helped bring reality in line with this underlying change in the balance of forces.
The hypocritical support the West gave to the so-called “moderate” rebels of Syria has been exposed, as they are now turning their backs on those same “moderates”. Today, one of those groups, the Al Fateh Brigade, which took up arms in 2012, revealed its true colours by joining the Al Qaeda offshoot, Ahrar alSham. These groups, who used to be nothing but an official front through which the CIA could transfer resources to the Islamists, are losing their raison d'etre - i.e. a means of siphoning off to islamists US arms sent to the so-called “moderates” - meaning that there is no need for them to keep on pretending.
Even on the question of the removal of Assad, many of the intelligent bourgeois are changing their stance. After four years of erosion of the state apparatus, which was already extremely centralised, the importance of the figure of Assad as the only force able to hold it together has increased. To remove Assad would now mean the collapse of the Syrian state and a replication of the chaos which turned Iraq into a “failed state” and a source of instability. Therefore, for the moment, the West is willing to leave the question of Assad to one side, although, of course, in the long run that might change. But for now the man the British, French and American governments wanted to bomb not so long ago, has now become a de facto ally!
All of this, if taken to the end, would mean a major defeat for Turkey and Saudi Arabia who have invested heavily in overthrowing Assad and dominating Syria through their Islamist proxies. For these regimes, which are in a deep crisis themselves, such a defeat could enhance their internal contradictions, paving the way for their downfall. This is why they are acting desperately and will probably continue to do so.
The genuine movement of the youth against Assad, the beginnings of a Syrian revolution, was very quickly cut across by reactionary Islamist forces - supported by US imperialism. At the time the imperialists could not intervene directly against the Egyptian and Tunisian revolutions. But in Libya and Syria they saw the opportunity to intervene. They bombed Libya and in Syria they backed reactionary forces. In both countries, the imperialists have made a mess of the situation, inciting ethnic, tribal and religious conflicts.
The result of all this is the division of Libya, Syria and Iraq. In Iraq, the US occupation followed by a Shia government discriminating against Sunnis laid the basis for the rise of ISIS on the back of Sunni discontent towards the government in Baghdad. In Iraq the Kurds have carved out a de facto independent - “autonomous” - region. In Syria the Kurds have also taken control of their own region, under de facto autonomy from the Assad regime. This has now also spilled over into Turkey. In fact the very foundations of all the states in the Middle East have been undermined, with the old borders drawn up in colonial times becoming meaningless.
This is the result of imperialist meddling in the internal affairs of all these countries of the Middle East. Tony Blair has even admitted - in a rare moment of lucidity - that the war in Iraq may have had something to do with the rise of ISIS! Now the imperialists are rushing to come together with Putin - who not so long ago was persona non grata after the events in Ukraine - to try and clean up the mess they themselves created. But by intervening they will solve nothing.
As we have consistently explained, the task of overthrowing the despots who governed and still govern over the Middle East, belongs to the peoples of those countries. The only way of stopping the region descending further into barbarism is for the working people to rise up against their exploiters, both local and international.
Brazil's best women's soccer players have started a revolt.
The firing of the first woman to lead the country's national team has triggered the retirement of several top players and unleashed a torrent of criticism against the national soccer federation over several issues related to its treatment of women.
Five players quit the program after the coach, Emily Lima, was removed last month — after less than a year in the post — in the wake of a series of poor results. Among those who have walked are Cristiane, a prolific striker and a veteran of four World Cups and four Olympics, and the veteran midfielder Francielle.
On Friday, the situation escalated when a group of former players published an open letter criticizing the federation.
“We, the players, have invested years of our own lives and all of our energy to build this team and this sport to its strength today,” read the letter, which was signed by eight former players, including Cristiane and Francielle as well as the former World Cup stars Sissi, Rosana and Formiga. “Yet we, and almost all other Brazilian women, are excluded from the leadership and decision-making for our own team and our own sport.”
We are each born with different physical abilities, health and potential. Many of us work, over our lifetimes to optimise our bodies through routine checks, regular exercise and when required, proper diagnosis and treatment. It is a bizarre state of affairs that at the same time we pay scant attention to our mental health. Just as our society has for years ostracised the physically disabled, the mere hint of a mental health ‘issue' brands a person a ‘nutjob' or a ‘whacko'. In recent times, celebrities such as Deepika Padukone have opened up about their own battles with depression and even shared that they needed medication to recover. They escaped the censure and branding that so many others undergo, however a lot of what they disclosed was simply associated by the public with their sadness at the ending of their relationship with another celebrity. This propensity to trivialise a serious mental illness with an episode or a transient emotion is one of the most insidious biases that haunts our level of awareness and results in neglect of our core mental health.
So how many of us are affected? Reports suggest that 10% of our population suffer from depression, one in five women and one in 10 men. While all suicides cannot be attributed to depression, a WHO report claims that India accounts for 25% of all suicides in the world. With over 2 crore people affected, and only 43 public mental hospitals, a single psychiatrist for 4,00,000 people, no national level mental health survey, policy or legislation (the bill has been stuck in parliament since 2013), India is in a mental health crisis. The impact of this on physical health, the economy and wider societal issues, such as crime, has never been quantified. Many people report family and even so-called professional responses as ‘it's all in the head' or that they should try ‘meditation' as a cure. While there are certainly positive elements to mental exercises, these cannot be considered cures for mental illnesses. The brain is a complex organ and one that requires extremely careful and expert diagnosis and treatment.
The most common mental illnesses to watch out for are depression, anxiety, alcohol abuse and epilepsy. The last has several physical manifestations and so is often associated as a physical disorder. Given successful research on this disease, treatment is now both cost and cure effective. Alcohol abuse in India is a much ignored issue. India has seen the third highest rise in alcohol drinking population over the last decade and it is estimated that 10 – 15% of the alcohol drinking population suffer from dependence issues. Lax underage drinking law enforcement, significant monies spend on marketing alcohol and increasing societal acceptance on consumption with no corresponding responsible consumption awareness make for a dangerous path ahead.
While life events do cause stress and such stresses can result in a variety of negative emotions that impact our physiology and mental health, merely feeling sad or anxious is not a sufficient symptom of depression or anxiety. To make matters worse, many sufferers of depression also experience some form of anxiety which makes accurate diagnosis difficult. So what are the symptoms to watch out for?
Depression:
Prolonged and persistent negative moods that last days or weeks
Loss of interest in previous hobbies, activities, including sex
Decreased energy levels, being ‘too tired' a lot of the time
Lack of ability to focus
Extremes in Eating and Sleeping, either eating and sleeping too much or too little
Thoughts of death and suicide
Physical symptoms such as headache, tummy issues and pain that recurs and does not seem to respond to treatment
Anxiety:
Feelings of panic, fear, uneasiness
Feeling cold while having sweaty or numb or tingling palms/feet
Difficulty breathing, like shortness of breath
Heart palpitations
Irritability and unable to sit or stand still
Dryness in the mouth
If you or your friends or family experience these symptoms on a sustained basis, seeking professional help is a necessity.
There is a direct correlation between mental and physical health. Poor mental health affects organs such as the liver, kidney and heart resulting in chronic diseases that impact quality of lifestyle in many ways. As the symptoms themselves show, very little of this is ‘in the head' and depending on the extremity of the illness, there are several treatment options, including therapy, medication, physical exertion and nutrition available to those who need it. Did you know that there was a link identified between vitamin D levels and depression? Which brings us back full circle – our focus on our bodily health without regard for our mental health is an incomplete and flawed approach. The route to wellness is a holistic one.
The Geographic Information System (GIS) at the Ministry of Antiquities has created an archaeological map locating all the archaeological sites and museums over Egypt.
The map is in both Arabic and English and will be provided to all archaeological sites and museums.
Azza El-Kholy, the head of the GIS department, explained that it created this map upon a request from the Antiquities Minister Khaled El-Enany, and would facilitate museum and archaeological site visits for both Egyptians and foreigners.
El-Kholy pointed out that a number of departments participated in the preparation of this map including the permanent committees and missions as well as the department of space and property.
El-Kholy also added that the GIS is in the process of finalising a digital version of the map to be put on the ministry's web page that is set to be launched in August.
Short link:
It's been a while since I wrote about Iomrascálaí the engine for the game of Go I'm writing in Rust. I will try to do it a bit more often from now on as I've finally found the motivation to work on it again.
So today I'd like to announce version 0.3.0! It's been in the works since September and included two big improvements:
We're now using the RAVE heuristic in selecting which tree leaf to investigate next. We use a set of 3x3 patterns to guide both the tree exploration and the move selection in the playouts.
These two changes together lead to a strength increase when playing against GnuGo of ~20% on 9x9 and ~25% on 13x13! See the release notes and the change log for detailed listings of what actually changed between 0.2.4 and 0.3.0.
The plan for 0.4
The main goal for 0.4 is to finally get close to equal strength with GnuGo on 19x19. A bit task but where's the fun in picking easy tasks? ;) To achieve this goal I'm planning to work on the following issues:
Challenges
The main challenge is computation power! Running 500 games for 9x9 and 13x13 each already takes a few days. And adding 19x19 to the mix will mean that changes will take a long time to benchmark. The libraries to efficiently run the DCNN code (like Caffe of Tensorflow) have quite a lot of dependencies and it's not clear how easily they can be integrated with Rust. It will at least make compiling the bot more difficult for newcomers.
Like I said, quite a challenging plan! But I'm sure it will be a lot of fun. I will leave you with a link to talk by Tobias Pfeiffer about computer Go.
Forget the result. What happened between Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain in that modern-day Battle of Stamford Bridge was an affront to football. This festival of fouls and demonstration of the dark arts symbolised a culture of deceit which, if not checked, poses a serious threat to the game's future.
After a feisty first leg in Paris with seemingly a thousand free kicks, the second game was a powder keg waiting to explode. Chelsea, like too many modern teams in big games, clearly wanted to make a target of the opposition's danger man, in this case Zlatan Ibrahimovic. To get them booked or sent off. They succeeded in a manner which made the heart sink.
Ibra's challenge on Oscar was not a good one, but it was hardly the crime of the century. The Swede should have seen yellow for a reckless tackle. But with Chelsea's Brazilian midfield man living up to their name with an Academy Award-worthy display as they writhed in apparent agony, and their teammates crowding round referee Bjorn Kuipers to demand the ultimate sanction, Ibrahimovic was sent off. Perhaps Kuipers would have produced the red card anyway, but the histrionic and cynically calculated reaction of the Chelsea players made sure. It was a sickening spectacle.
Some might shrug their shoulders and say this is just how it is these days in top matches. But it really does not have to be like this.
At its best the modern game is fast, dynamic, stylish and beautiful, as we saw many times at the World Cup in Brazil. But here was a sorry and pathetic exhibition of everything that is wrong with football.
Jose Mourinho's eve-of-match portrayal of Paris Saint-Germain as a dirty team fed on a diet of red meat was all part of the plot, a transparent attempt to plant a seed in the mind of the referee. It obviously worked. Indeed, Mourinho's approach to a game that their team only needed to draw 0-0 to qualify casts a shadow on their reputation as some sort of European mastermind.
Even with the opposition reduced to 10 men, Chelsea's lethargic outfit showed little interest in pressing home their advantage and going for the jugular. They were spoiling with Cesc Fabregas cast as "the Invisible Man" and the combustible Diego Costa looking as if they could start a fight in a churchyard.
Incensed by the overreaction to the Ibrahimovic incident, the French team were not blameless as the game descended into a series of arguments with the ref, niggly fouls, attempted dives and players feigning injury in the hope of getting their fellow professionals booked. You wondered how some parents watching on TV were explaining this level of supposed "gamesmanship" to their children.
Belatedly, a football match broke out and, even with 10 men, PSG demonstrated what we had witnessed in Paris, that they were the superior side and fully deserved to go through. Strangely, this might have been the night when they truly came of age as a European power.
Mourinho was graceful enough to admit their team had been outplayed, while still harping on about PSG's robust approach. The reality is that Laurent Blanc's side were the only ones trying to play on the night, with Marco Verratti, Javier Pastore, Blaise Matuidi and Thiago Motta the best performers on view.
There was a kind of karma at work as David Luiz delivered a crucial goal against their old club only hours after Mourinho had told journalists: "We miss them as a person, but not as a centre-half." Well, the centre-halves the Chelsea boss clearly prefers certainly went missing on both PSG goals.
This was more than a defeat for Chelsea, who must now concentrate on securing the Premier League title with their egos battered. It was a reverse that should make Mourinho think.  They are a clever coach, but there are times when they imbue their teams with a negative pragmatism, which means they will rarely be loved.
For an hour, it was one of the most ugly and unpleasant games since the 2010 World Cup final in which the Netherlands tried to kick Spain off the park.
As suggested by former Premier League referee Graham Poll, FIFA need to issue a directive that only the captain can approach the referee during a game. Anyone else needs to know they will be booked. That would quickly put a stop to the kind of unedifying scenes we witnessed on Wednesday.
The only other postscript is that the supposed "best league in the world," the Premier League, will be without a representative in the Champions League quarterfinals unless Arsenal can win by three goals in the return leg at Monaco, an improbable scenario.
It may be that the Premier League is so demanding every single week that it is leaving teams mentally drained for European assignments. Or could it be that the league is higher on drama and excitement than quality, and its leading teams are not nearly as good as they might imagine?
Ian Darke, who called games for the network during the 2010 and 2014 World Cups, is ESPN's lead soccer voice in the U.S. Reach them on Twitter @IanDarke.
It took awhile for the Giants' engine to get revved up, but Brian Sabean sounds optimistic there's no slowing down anytime soon.
On Wednesday morning, Giants' general manager Bobby Evans, manager Bruce Bochy and Sabean all joined in on a conference call featuring newly acquired San Francisco third baseman Evan Longoria to discuss the trade that landed the former Rays' franchise cornerstone in the Bay Area.
The 10-year Major League veteran spoke about their excitement to join a roster loaded with proven winners heading into an even year, and also discussed the opportunity to play in front of sold out crowds on a nightly basis. While Longoria was conveying their thoughts on the trade, Sabean hinted the transaction positioned San Francisco for another marquee transaction in the near future.
“I think it proves that there's heavy lifting to do, but making this move, Bobby and their staff have positioned ourself for the next shoe to drop and we hope to add accordingly and we hope it will be as significant of a move as this one,” Sabean said. “We're thrilled to have Evan and we know that moving forward, our core players that are in their prime, Evan will step right in and be a part of the turnaround that we expect in the 2018 season.”
To help complete the trade for Longoria, the Giants sent top prospect Christian Arroyo as well as outfielder Denard Span and two pitching prospects to Tampa Bay. With Longoria scheduled to earn $13.5 million next year and Span set to make $11 million, the Rays kicked in some extra money that Evans confirmed helps make the deal cash-neutral for 2018.
“Bobby did a great job to massage the deal and we will receive money back that will help us to go forward on the contract,” Sabean said.
The Giants are determined to form a roster with a payroll that rests comfortably below the 2018 competitive balance tax threshold of $197 million, which is a difficult task to achieve considering the Giants are weighed down by several big contracts. However, after dealing Matt Moore and their $9 million salary to the Texas Rangers and pulling off a cash-neutral swap for Longoria, the Giants now have the financial flexibility to trade for or sign an impact outfielder.
“Bobby really worked through a lot of details within this deal more so to set us up for a potential next move and that's where we're going to shift our focus,” Sabean said.
While Sabean sounded eager to get to work on the Giants' next move, Evans continued to play the franchise's hand close to the vest. When asked about how San Francisco would address its situation in left field after trading Span, Evans refused to offer up any tips.
“Our focus in addressing our outfield and our lineup, that remains an important part of our offseason,” Evans said. “It's a work in progress, there's no destination for us to speak to right now, we need to wait and see how things play out.”
Regardless of how the next few days play out for San Francisco, Sabean reiterated the importance of the trade for Longoria and confirmed their belief the Giants will be able to spark a turnaround and contend in 2018.
“A long-awaited day in our offseason dealings of sorts,” Sabean said. “The organization just got better. We hope that the fan base and the organization realizes that this affirms our commitment to turn our fortunes around as soon as possible, specifically with the 2018 season. We check off a huge box with this acquisition. Evan is a known player and quite frankly, you look at their baseball card, we're getting somebody that's not only an accomplished third baseman that hits in the middle of the order, they improve our defense overnight, a middle of the order presence that is sorely needed.”
Sydney and Melbourne could regularly face 50 degree Celsius (122F) days within 25 years even if Australia meets its Paris global warming targets, a new study has warned.
Celsius (122F) days within 25 years even if Australia meets its Paris global warming targets, a new study has warned.
ADVERTISING Read more
Sydney (AFP)
Sydney and Melbourne could regularly face 50 degree Celsius (122F) days within 25 years even if Australia meets its Paris global warming targets, a new study warned Wednesday.
Other areas across the country should also prepare for extreme heat, said the research led by the Australian National University (ANU) and supported by the Centre of Excellence for Climate System Science, an international consortium.
The study assessed the potential magnitude of future extreme temperatures under the 196-nation Paris Agreement, which targets curbing increases in global temperatures to between 1.5C and 2.0C above pre-industrial levels.
"Major Australian cities, such as Sydney and Melbourne, may experience unprecedented temperatures of 50 degrees Celsius under 2.0 degrees of global warming," said lead author and ANU climate scientist Sophie Lewis, adding it could occur by the 2040s.
"The increase in Australian summer temperatures indicates that other major cities should also be prepared for unprecedented future extreme heat."
The study's climate modelling projected daily temperatures of up to 3.8C above existing records in the states of Victoria and New South Wales, despite efforts to curb warming.
In ratifying the Paris agreement last year, Australia set an ambitious target to reduce emissions to 26 to 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2030.
This would represent a 50?52 per cent reduction in emissions per capita between 2005 and 2030.
With its heavy use of coal-fired power and relatively small population of 24 million, Australia is considered one of the world's worst per capita greenhouse gas polluters.
Lewis said dealing with such heat in cities would need proper planning, with hospitals better equipped to cope with more admissions.
Australia has just experienced its hottest winter on record amid a long-term warming trend largely attributed to climate change.
Maximum daytime temperatures were 1.9C above the long-term national average of 21.8C during the June-August season, the Bureau of Meteorology said last month.
Data from the weather bureau and national science body CSIRO shows Australia has warmed by approximately 1.0C since 1910.
More recently, over 200 weather records were broken during the last summer, with intense heatwaves, bushfires and flooding plaguing the December 2016-February 2017 season.
The study, published in Geophysical Research Letters, said only immediate climate action internationally could prevent record extreme seasons year after year.
"One of the hottest years on record globally in 2015 could be an average year by 2025," said Lewis.
Fellow researcher Andrew King, from the University of Melbourne, said the study team used a combination of observations and modelling to assess how the magnitude of record-breaking events may change in the future.
"Previous scientific studies have focused on how current temperature extremes have been impacted by climate change, or on how the frequency of these current extremes will change in the future," said King.
"This study takes a different approach and examines how the severity of future temperature extremes might change in the future."
© 2017 AFP
The Berlin Zoo's famous polar bear Knut, who was rejected by their mother but went on to win the hearts of millions around the world, celebrated their first birthday Wednesday with more than 2,000 well-wishers.
But Knut - no longer a tiny cub, thanks partly to their penchant for croissants - probably didn't get a taste of their own giant birthday cake, made with 300 eggs and 22 pounds of marzipan. They now tip the scales at more than 240 pounds and has been on a diet since July.
Their special treat, instead, was a healthier concoction of fresh fruit, vegetables and rice - topped with a toy wooden candle.
The Berlin Zoo pulled out all the stops to fete its star attraction, who has gone from a fluffy white powderpuff of a cub to a full-grown polar bear with a cheeky curiosity and a penchant for muddying their coat by rolling in the dirt.
Children were given free entry to the zoo, and proceeds from sales of slices of the huge cake will go toward the zoo's foundation, officials said.
"He's so dirty! They should have given them a bath," said 5-year-old Leni Schmidt, who came with their mother and a friend to join the party.
The zoo estimated that some 2,000 people had visited the birthday bear by noon and a steady stream were still heading toward their pen, despite the cool weather and overcast skies.
Yet Knut themselves seemed more interested in playing with their toy candle and licking the crumbs from the platter that bore their birthday treat than with the crowd.
The zoo said the Knut craze has generated up to $14 million over the past year through ticket sales that have more than doubled and the licensing of Knut toys, books and other trinkets.
Knut was abandoned at birth, along with their twin brother, who only survived a couple of days. CBS News correspondent Richard Roth reports that some critics even claimed that their rescue by zookeepers was a violation of nature's laws and that Knut too, should have been left to die.
By the time Knut was a 3-month-old white fur ball, with button eyes and their own fan club, they had been photographed for the cover of Vanity Fair - and attracted hundreds of thousands to the zoo.
Now that they are grown, zoo officials say they do not have room to keep them permanently and are considering other offers from zoos in Europe, with an eye to finding them a mate.
Thomas Doerflein, who raised Knut by hand, playing with them and feeding them from a bottle, was quoted Wednesday by Germany's mass-circulation Bild newspaper on Wednesday, as saying they hoped the bear would soon find a new home in another zoo.
"A spacious enclosure. A female partner. At some point, Knut needs to leave me," Doerflein was quoted as saying.
A boy from Wichita Falls, Texas, was responsible for saving a 7-year-old girl from being abducted.
Residents in the neighborhood where the alleged attempted abduction took place said they were shocked by what happened, but grateful that 11-year-old TJ Smith took action to save the victim. TJ says they saw Raeshawn Perez grab the 7-year-old girl. TJ proceeded to alert their mother.
"It overwhelmed me," TJ's mother, Angela Smith, told the Times Record News. "He came in and told me about it, but you know they play outside all the time. I didn't know it was actually what it was until it was all recognized. I was very proud of him."
TJ told KAUZ they knew what they had to do when they saw the man take the girl.
"If I was a little girl I would be scared too," they said. "She was riding their scooter and they picked them up and started walking, and I chased after him. I thought it was their cousin or somebody."
The boy also ran to the home of a neighbor, James Ware, who rushed into action.
"So I ran out the door," Ware said. "By the time I got out the door I ran about a quarter of the way down the alley, and I said well forget that, turned around and went back in the house and got the keys."
Ware and some neighbors tracked Perez down at a vacant house, where TJ had already chased them to.
"He pointed behind the house, and said they went behind the house," Ware said. "I pulled into the alley and threw it in park. My wife yelled at them and told them to put the child down. They were about to put them in a window."
Ware approached Perez, who they say was attempting to put the girl through a window, and the man gave up and started running. Ware chased them down and held them until police arrived.
"This incident right here was an eye-opener you know, because it could happen to anyone," Ware said.
Wichita Falls Mayor Stephen Santellana told the Times Record News they were grateful for all of the people who helped stop Perez.
"It's one of my proudest moments," they said. "I represent the city of Wichita Falls and for me to represent three citizens like this, especially one who's 11 years old, that keeps their wits about them and uses a little bit of bravery to help stop something that we don't know what would have happened. Right now, we have a little girl that's safe at home because of an 11-year-old and two other individuals who stepped up as community members."
Perez was arrested and jailed for attempting to kidnap the girl.
"TJ is definitely a hero!" one Mad World Newsreader commented on the site's Facebook page. "So are the men that believed TJ and stopped this horrible individual. There is hope for all when people take a stand against Evil!"
"Sick sob," another wrote. "Don't get it....why these perverts will be allowed to walk free again. Their victims will be ruined for the rest of their lives. I say since they like to rape children maybe they should be put in general population in prison and the guards go to a long lunch and let them see what it feels like to be raped over and over again!!!!!!!!!"
"What a great hero they are to get adult to help in saving the little girl!" commented another. "Bravo! We need more people like this boy in the world! It just might make this world a better place to live in! Is a start in the right direction."
Waratahs hooker Silatolu (Tolu) Latu has been cited for punching Brumbies centre Matt Toomua in their team's 32-15 loss to the Brumbies.
Latu has a history with the disciplinary panel as they were cited and then suspended for four weeks in 2015 for dangerous play against the Crusaders.
Latu is alleged to have contravened 10.4 (a) Punching or striking, when they made contact with Brumbies #12 Matt Toomua in an incident that occurred in the 57th minute of the match between the Brumbies and Waratahs at GIO Stadium in Canberra on 4 March 2016.
The referee for the match, Marius van der Westhuizen, reviewed the incident with the Television Match Official but was unable to see any clear and obvious foul play from the replay views provided during the game.
However, upon further review of the match footage between the Brumbies and Waratahs, the Citing Commissioner deemed in their opinion the incident had met the red card threshold for foul play.
Ironically the referee in the 2015 match between the Waratahs and Crusaders which led to a four week ban for Latu was also Van der Westhuizen who yellow carded the hooker during that match.
The citing is to be considered in the first instance by SANZAAR Duty Judicial Officer Robert Stelzner SC.
All SANZAAR disciplinary matters are in the first instance referred to a Duty Judicial Officer hearing to provide the option of expediting the judicial process.
For a matter to be dispensed with at this hearing, the person appearing must plead guilty and accept the penalty offered by the DJO.
Nature of Offence: 10.4 (a) Punching or striking, A player must not strike an opponent with the fist or arm, including the elbow, shoulder, head or knee(s).
Elapsed time in match when incident occurred: 57th minute
Share this: Twitter
WhatsApp
Facebook
Email
Print
Reddit
More
LinkedIn
Like this: Like Loading...
A group of Palestinian activists at Brown University protested a lecture hosted by the school's Hillel House because it allegedly “defended and even advocated for the Israeli state's policies of occupation and racial apartheid.”
The speaker, however, was set to be Janet Mock, an African-American trans woman and LGBT activist from Hawaii who planned on delivering a lecture entitled, “Redefining Realness” as part of a year-long lecture series on LGBT rights sponsored by a Jewish group known as “Moral Values.”
"[F]or decades, the state of Israel and Israeli advocacy organizations have been engaging in pinkwashing..."
The only problem, according to students who protested the event, was that a Jewish organization dared to host a lecture on equality when it is affiliated with a country that supports “colonialism, ethnic cleansing, and genocide of native Palestinians.”
“Hillel's Moral Voices campaign has chosen the topic of LGBTQ rights this year,” students wrote in their petition of the event. “This hides the fact that for decades, the state of Israel and Israeli advocacy organizations (like Hillel) have been engaging in pinkwashing, a strategy that tries to improve Israel's image and rebrand it as a liberal, modern, and ‘hip' country.”
Instead, Brown students encouraged Mock to speak anywhere else on campus so long as it was not the Hillel House.
“We are not asking for students to boycott the event, but simply do not want Janet Mock's invitation to Brown to be part of Hillel's (and Israel's) pinkwashing campaign. We therefore ask Janet Mock to accept Brown students' sponsorship instead of Hillel's,” protesters wrote in their petition.
But Mock decided to cancel the event altogether, saying the controversy leading up to the event distracted from their efforts.
“We feel the focus of Janet's work was lost leading up to the proposed event, and their visit was received with controversy and resistance rather than open dialogue and discussion about the issues closest to Janet's work in movements for trans liberation, racial justice and intersectional feminism,” Mock's representative's wrote in a statement.
Students circulated a counter-petition in response to the “blatant anti-Semitism” communicated by their peers.
“Accusations that all events organized by Jewish groups, even those with no Israel-related stances or affiliations (such as Moral Voices), are part of some nefarious Israeli propaganda machine echo familiar tropes of anti-Semitism,” the petition declared. “Also, it should be noted that even Hillel-affiliated groups that do advocate for Israel are careful to highlight a variety of perspectives, often bringing in both Palestinian and Jewish speakers who oppose Israeli government policies.”
Moral Voices, a Jewish group that has taken no official stance on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict but one that focuses its efforts almost exclusively on LGBT rights, also issued a response.
“We were shocked and deeply saddened to see a petition launched requesting that Ms. Mock reject Moral Voices' invitation due to its affiliation with Brown RISD Hillel,” the authors stated before noting that the event was organized in collaboration with several other student groups on campus, including the Queer Alliance and the LGBTQ Center.
“We, the MV leadership, are neither equipped for nor invested in arguing the merits of Brown RISD Hillel's Israel/Palestine-related programming,” they wrote. “This petition does, however, make us ask: given that Hillel is the center for Jewish life on this campus?—?with a mandate to support the interests and meet the needs of a very diverse constituency of Jewish students on College Hill—?does simply engage in a Jewish space render one unfit to do justice work?”
(h/t: The Tower)
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
This country may be federated, may be full of “common wealth,” but its the things that divide us that catch the eye.
So when I crossed the Murray recently, I was hyper-aware I was in Club land. A fact that left me simultaneously enchanted and repelled.
For those not familiar, a “club” is a multi-tiered pleasure dome, full of salad with viniagrette, taps dispensing Tooheys New, tucked-in shirts, and screens on which are displayed simulacrae of spinning wheels, creating a vortex into which many a fortune has fallen.
Like this:
This blog has been coming to you from a secret bunker in the last week, but secret bunkering can only take up so much of your time, and so it was that last night I was able to visit Tomakin‘s club yesterday evening.
These clubs retain vestigial connections to the like-minded groupings that formed them, once upon a time. There are tennis courts and bowling greens out the front at Tomakin, for example. But those were empty.
These days the clubs, which can be found across NSW, the ACT and Queensland, serve a primarily different function, which is to do house the functions of a good bar, a good restaurant and a good casino in one apricot-hued 1990s construction, while omitting any “goodness.”
The purpose of our trip to Tomaking was to sample its lightly-famed Left Bank Brasserie.
More gauche than rive gauche, the Tomakin Sports and Social Club Brasserie dishes up a mighty cheap lunch, at $6 Monday to Friday. At dinner time you can get a serviceable Chicken Schnitzel Parmagiana for around $17.
The crowd consists entirely of people of anglo-celtic extraction and the carpet features a repeating pattern. One can easily get lost in there.
The dining experience is marked by frequent public announcements, piped at quite audible volume to all parts of the establishment. One is forced to assume the majority of the clientele do not still retain their hearing, but whether Tomakin Sports and Social Club can bear responsibility for that or is merely reacting is not clear. Nevertheless the identity of the raffle winner and the timing of the courtesy bus departures will remain seared forever into my brain.
But the true raison d'etre of a club is to house pokies. They sit in the centre of the club, visible from every food outlet and every bar, encouraging those who ride the courtesy bus home to do so substantially lighter of pocket than on their arrival.
I rue the $3 I invested in this Jumpin' Jalapenos machine, for nil return.
As a Victorian, my gut reaction is to find the downside of all things New South Welsh: Big bridge may look nice but it creates a terrible traffic choke point, exterior of Opera House is lovely but inside is entirely aria-hostile, warm weather is very pleasant but means a higher hatching and survival rate for bogans, etc, etc.
These clubs are popular. Wildly so. Am I being unfair to them?
I say no. The absence of such clubs in Victoria is telling. The only reason they have spread across the wide plains of Queensland and NSW, like the prickly pear and cane toad before them, is the legal quirk that permits not-for-profit clubs to put pokies on their premises. That has been permitted since 1956 in NSW.
These clubs serve the communities rather than making profit, sure. But such profist are calcualted after paying for the poker machines.
Here's a telling quote from an article published late last year.
Anti-gambling campaigner Reverend Tim Costello said about 40 per cent of poker machine revenue came from addicts. “The social costs are high, including relationship breakdown, mental health issues, unemployment, debt, financial hardship, theft and other crime, social isolation and all too often suicide,'' they said.
Victorian clubs have only been permitted to have pokies since the 1990s. Their spread has not taken them as far as in NSW, nor have they become as deeply embedded in the community. Here's why that's a good thing.
“The maximum average loss rate per hour for Australian poker machines in Australian dollars is $720 per hour compared to $156 for New Zealand machines (outside casinos), $130 for the United Kingdom machines, $52 for Japanese machines and $705 for United States machines.”
Clubs Australia, the peak body for little outposts like Tomakin Social Club is powerful enough to defeat comprehensive pokie reform that everyone without a vested interest agrees would be a good idea. The centrality of poker machines to these clubs means they should be renamed pokie clubs. That or try their luck going back to being actual sports and social clubs. Surely communities like Tomakin would get on better if the residents were sitting around a Bridge table or standing round a pool table, instead of lined up in rows feeding the machines?
The Robert Half press release is somewhat misleading because it is written as if the company generated its own salary data independently. In fact, Robert Half's expert only did an "analysis" of existing data, and a footnote at the very bottom of the release says the data came from the ONS.
The ONS's data is excellent because it answers the central question that plagues the debate on pay: Do women earn less because they are discriminated against? Or are there other factors that make it appear that way?
The data drills down into hourly wages, without counting overtime (men tend to work more overtime). Overall, the pay gap is only 9.4 per cent. But the gap varies over your lifetime, and in some periods women actually earn 6.5 per cent more than men.
"For part-time employees separately, women are paid more on average, resulting in a 'negative' gender pay gap. Although the trend is more volatile than for full-time employees, there is evidence that the gap has widened in the long-term. It has remained relatively stable in recent years, although it increased from 5.5 per cent in April 2014 to 6.5 per cent in April 2015," the ONS says.
In this chart, whenever the columns are at zero or dip below it, then men and women are receiving equal pay or women are being paid more. Office For National Statistics
In the chart above, whenever the columns are at zero or dip below it, then men and women are receiving equal pay or women are being paid more. "When looking at the differences for full-time employees, the gap is relatively small up to and including those aged 30 to 39 (with the exception of the 16 to 17 age group). In fact, in the 22 to 29 age group, women are paid on average slightly more than men," the ONS says.
The obvious trend in the chart is that once you hit your thirties, men start getting paid consistently more than women. "From 40 upwards, the gap is much wider, with men being paid substantially more on average than women," the ONS says. "This is likely to be connected with the fact that women who have children often take time out of the labour market."
It's not just that having kids hurts your earnings in later life, either. It's the work you choose to do, the ONS says.
Advertisement
"It should be noted that the figures do not show differences in rates of pay for comparable jobs, as they are affected by factors such as the proportion of men and women in different occupations. For example, a higher proportion of women work in occupations such as administration and caring, that tend to offer lower salaries."
The overall point here is that yes, men do earn more than women. A lot more: Men get an average of £567 a week in Britain compared with £471 for women. That is, actually, a 20 per cent pay gap. But they get that extra money because they don't work part-time as much, because they work more overtime, because they don't take time off to have children, and because they tend not to choose lower-paid jobs as much as women do.
Obviously, there is a debate to be had about whether we value child-raising fairly. Only women can get pregnant, and the number of men willing to put their careers on hold while their female partners go back to work is vanishingly small. And the men in some industries — software coding for instance — are objectively hostile to successful women (according to this excellent blind test of programmers).
But the good news is that the pay gap is getting smaller (in 2014 it was the smallest since records began). And the majority of the pay gap is not caused by sexist rates of pay. It's caused by women choosing to have children, and women going into less-lucrative careers.
That last point ought to be especially important if you're a woman in your early 20s. Look at the chart above — the career choice you make now is going to be much more financially significant than the 9.4 per cent discrimination penalty, especially when you hit your 40s.
This story first appeared in Business Insider. Read it here or follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook.
BusinessInsider.com.au
Nod Labs, a specialist in gesture recognition and motion tracking hardware, has raised $13.5 million in Series A funding, to market the Nod Backspin, a multiplatform virtual reality (VR) videogame controller.
Nod Labs first product, Nod Ring, launched in 2014 is a precise 3D gesture tracking device utilizing motion-tracking, touch and tactile input to let users engage with virtually any immersive platform that is Bluetooth enabled. Now Nod Labs has developed the first multiplatform controller designed for VR with low latency, sub-millimeter accuracy hand tracking, and traditional joystick and analogue controls.
Anush Elangovan, Founder and CEO at Nod Labs said ‘both Nod Backspin and Nod Ring provide a fully immersive user experience that makes for extraordinarily rich and beautiful experiences in a virtual, augmented or real world'.While the Nod Ring allows natural hand gestures, like a wave of the hand or pointing a gun, the Nod Backspin takes that idea one step further by adding a thumb stick and buttons for more input options.
Nod Backspin and Nod Ring currently support Google Cardboard, OculusDK2 head-mounted display (HMD), OSVR HMD, Gear VR and ZEISS VR One for VR; and the ability to control your 3DR, DJI and Parrot Drones.
Any further updates from Nod Labs on the Nod Backspin, VRFocus will be there to report on.
Aside from the Brock trade, this one had the biggest impact of any deal mentioned here. The Big Unit, who had won the 1995 AL Cy Young Award and led the Mariners to their first postseason berth that season and to their first division title two years later, was upset that Seattle hadn't offered them an extension beyond the '98 seasons. Johnson made it known that they would test free agency, and when both they and the Mariners were roughed up in 1998 (he had a 4.33 ERA in 23 starts, they were 48-59), the team traded them to Houston for righty Freddy Garcia, infielder Carlos Guillen and a player to be named later (lefty John Halama).
Johnson thoroughly dominated the NL, going 10-1 with a 1.28 ERA in 11 starts for the Astros, who pulled away from the NL Central pack for their second of three straight division titles. As with those other years, they were bumped off in the Division Series, this time against the Padres. Johnson lost both of their starts despite allowing just four runs while whiffing 17 in 14 innings. After the season, they would sign a four-year, $53.4 million deal with the Diamondbacks and begin the most dominant stretch of their career: They won the Cy Young in each season and helped Arizona win the World Series in 2001. That same year Garcia, Guillen and Halama helped the Mariners win a record 116 games, though they lost in the ALCS to a Yankees team that would then be felled by Johnson and the D-backs in the Fall Classic. Johnson finished their career with 303 wins and 4,875 strikeouts, second all-time; they were elected to the Hall with 97.3% of the vote in 2015.
During the 2014 NBA Finals, DJ Khaled appeared on ESPN to talk shop. A few nights earlier, the air conditioning went out during a game between Khaled's hometown Miami Heat and the San Antonio Spurs. After their team lost the game, Khaled shared a conspiracy theory, saying that the Spurs killed the A/C on purpose, and that it was all part of a master plan.
When asked from where they got that information, Khaled cited a source that would get them dragged through Twitter the entire following day: “THE STREETS.”
It was a ridiculous assertion, and the pushback was deserved and hilarious. But it's just DJ Khaled. It's not like they were running for president.
But what happens when a man who is running for president is using the DJ Khaled playbook? What if “the streets” are being cited as a source for serious matters of national security and for fact-checkable smears of political opponents? What if it's not exactly appropriate or “professional” to just laugh off a stupid claim and move on?
That's the reality of what Donald Trump's presidential campaign has become. Accordingly, television and print news has had to adapt, and learn to fact-check them on the fly. And on TV especially, the result is worth taking a minute to praise.
Impt to realize that a huge part of Trump's calculation is that TV media won't call them on their lies this bluntly. pic.twitter.com/wu1YtL4G96 — Jeff B/DDHQ (@EsotericCD) June 2, 2016
Today's parenthetical chyron: “Trump Calls Obama Founder Of ISIS (He's Not)" pic.twitter.com/qZHmMxjW69 — Hunter Schwarz (@hunterschwarz) August 11, 2016
If there's one good thing that has come from this election, it might very well be that the cable news caption people have finally found their mojo, and that the networks are letting them push back on blatant untruths. There's a growing sense that we may be entering an era of “post-factual” politics, where the truth has less sway on public opinion than the “feelings” that people have about certain issues.
It's no wonder that riffs on the Trumpism “Many people are saying” have been trending all week, mocking their rocky relationship with reality. As my colleague Andrew Joyce summed it up after Trump (untruthfully) called President Obama the “founder of ISIS,” Trump's relationship with facts seems to be: “If I say it and people cheer, then it is good.” And therefore, it must somehow be true.
Just because you feel that something is happening doesn't mean it's actually happening. And if you assert that it is based solely on your feelings you should be called out on it. The fact that cable news—a place famous for “leaving it there” and moving on even if “it” is completely untrue—is calling Trump out is unprecedented.
So rock on, you caption people. Keep telling us the truth while we yell at our screens. The world is depending on you.
John McCain and Barack Obama took their first steps down the path of reconciliation – and potential cooperation – with a meeting Monday in Chicago. McCain, Obama carve out rocky alliance
CHICAGO – During their short time in the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama forged alliances with several Republicans, but the only relationship riddled with public drama was with John McCain, who pierced the norm of Senate collegiality in 2006 with a brusque letter accusing the first-year student senator of “disingenuousness.”
Two years, one spat over an ethics reform bill and a tense presidential campaign later, former rivals who were never close are now trying to start anew.
Story Continued Below
Obama and McCain took their first steps down the path of reconciliation – and potential cooperation – with a meeting Monday at the president-elect's transition headquarters in Chicago. After months of campaign combat, the men sat side-by-side, flanked by American flags and the confidants who brought them together: Obama's incoming White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel and McCain's friend Lindsey Graham, a Republican senator from South Carolina.
Both sides stand to benefit from the unusually early show of comity. For Obama, they can make good on promises to work across party lines and approach governing as a pragmatist – central tenets of their candidacy that were often called into question by Republicans. McCain, meanwhile, can rebuild their image as a bipartisan workhorse with the clout and skills of compromise to pull off big feats in the Senate.
The foursome smiled for the cameras during a photo opportunity and made small talk about football and the media. Obama joked that “the national press is tame compared to the Chicago press,” and called a reporter “incorrigible” for trying to lob more questions.
When asked if they would help the Obama administration, McCain replied, “Obviously.”
They spent half the time talking about “the need to change the way Washington works,” said an Obama advisor briefed on the hour-long meeting. Although they disagreed during the campaign over the way to tamp down special interest influence, they had a similar orientation toward Washington and plan to work together on changing the culture, the advisor said.
They also discussed the financial crisis, energy and national security, including closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay for enemy combatants – a position that both men hold.
“At this defining moment in history, we believe that Americans of all parties want and need their leaders to come together and change the bad habits of Washington so that we can solve the common and urgent challenges of our time,” Obama and McCain said in a joint statement. “It is in this spirit that we had a productive conversation today about the need to launch a new era of reform where we take on government waste and bitter partisanship in Washington in order to restore trust in government, and bring back prosperity and opportunity for every hardworking American family. We hope to work together in the days and months ahead on critical challenges like solving our financial crisis, creating a new energy economy, and protecting our nation's security.”
The dynamic of their relationship won't be known for some time, but associates to both men said they were committed to trying to make it work.
The meeting itself came together rather easily, aides said, with McCain and Obama initially discussing a sit-down during their phone conversation on election night. Obama followed up with Graham during a routine post-Election Day courtesy call, and Graham called on Emanuel to nail down details.
Sen. Bob Casey (D-Pa.), an ally of Obama's, said “both possess the capacity to rise above” the rancor of the campaign.
The Obama advisor added that the president-elect is ready to move on, saying “it was a heated and competitive race but they are good about when these things are over, they let bygones be bygones.”
Steve Duprey, a close friend of McCain's who traveled with them nearly every day, downplayed the disdain that the Arizona senator showed towards Obama, particularly in the final weeks of the campaign.
Around 4,000 patients and 100 caregivers have signed up for the state's MMJ program so far.
As Maryland's medical marijuana program ramps up, new canna-businesses are preparing the infrastructure to provide cannabis to patients. There are currently around 4,000 patients and 100 caregivers registered to participate in the state's program. While there is currently no way for patients to legally purchase medical marijuana at this time, the Maryland Medical Cannabis Commission has already awarded 30 preliminary licenses to companies to grow or process marijuana.
One of the companies that received preliminary approval to grow medical cannabis is ForwardGro, who are building a massive greenhouse in Anne Arundel County. The greenhouse covers a full acre, and is expected to grow between 7,000 to 9,000 pounds of cannabis every year. “We're in the final stages of construction and we're getting ready to be inspected,” said the company's CFO, Gail Rand.
Rand has a seven-year-old son who suffers from epilepsy, and has registered as a caregiver to provide medical marijuana. "I got involved in 2013 to advocate for a medical cannabis bill for him,” Rand said. “I'm really excited that this program is moving forward and that they will soon have access to this medication.”
Once marijuana is grown at the greenhouse, it must undergo a two-month drying and curing process, after which it will be processed by a different company. All of the companies that have been pre-approved to handle medical marijuana are moving into Stage Two of the approval process. In this stage, the companies undergo criminal background checks, complete regulatory requirements, and secure local zoning approvals.
The Maryland Medical Cannabis Commission expects that medical marijuana should be available to patients by the end of this summer.
Writers on the Range How to make the People's Climate March matter Political protest works best with prolonged effort.
High Country News. They serve on the boards of Conservation Colorado and Protect Our Winters, and is a vice president at Aspen Skiing Company.
If you parade several hundred thousand people through New York and coordinate simultaneous marches globally, the truth is … it might not matter all that much. Such was the lesson of the 2014 climate march in New York City, and probably of the Jan. 21 women's marches, exhilarating as they were. It's likely, too, to be the response to the upcoming People's Climate March on April 29.
I don't mean to be a downer. I attended the 2014 Climate March myself, and hoped it would change the world. But it did not. These gentle strolls don't rise to the scale of the problem. What might? If marchers blocked Trump Tower for six months, caused commerce to stop, got arrested, then did it again and again, you might just get somewhere. Such has been the lesson of the battle over the Dakota Access Pipeline.
After this year's remarkable women's march, President Trump tweeted: “Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy.” The event allowed Trump to preside over a society that tolerates dissent while ignoring that dissent. Indeed, just two days later, Trump signed an executive order reinstating Reagan-era restrictions on abortion.
My wife and daughter participated in the women's march, traveling to Denver with friends. They had a memorable experience in democracy and civic action. But compare their experience to a real revolution. In 1789, the Women's March on Versailles broke into Louis XVI's palace, killed two guards, and forced the king to walk with some 60,000 protesters. Or compare my pleasant experience in New York to that of the protesters at Standing Rock in North Dakota.
There, officers destroyed a camp and fired tear gas, rubber bullets, Tasers and water cannons in sub-zero temperatures. But the protesters are using more than their bodies: Two Sioux tribes have filed lawsuits arguing that the Army Corps of Engineers violated environmental, historic preservation and religious freedom laws. Those cases are pending.
I have never been shot with a rubber bullet. But we might have to endure some level of pain in the course of peaceful protest, more than the footsore feeling of a long walk down a wide avenue, if we want the kind of action we need on any number of pressing issues, from climate and clean energy to health care and immigration reform. We're beginning to see that level of difficulty embraced by citizens beyond Standing Rock, with constituents mobbing local town hall meetings held by their congressional representatives —at least those legislators who are aren't terrified to hold such meetings. For citizens, that kind of face-to-face work takes great courage, too, and is hugely stressful, but quite effective.
After young people took to the streets in the risky and charged city of Birmingham, Alabama, in May 1963, President John F. Kennedy announced their intention to introduce civil rights legislation. They made their famous civil rights speech a month later in Washington, D.C., but it was effectively written on the streets of Birmingham. Photographs on the front page of national newspapers showing African-Americans like John Lewis being savagely beaten and attacked by dogs in Selma, Alabama, ultimately gave President Lyndon Johnson the push they needed to pass the Civil Rights Act.
The Dakota Access Pipeline is the modern progeny of civic actions that made a difference. If that fight seems lost now, think again. Along with continued opposition to the pipeline close to the Standing Rock Sioux, other conflicts rage, like the one that killed the Piñon pipeline in New Mexico, or the fight over fracking near Chaco Canyon, where the Bureau of Land Management recently approved drilling leases.
This nascent protest movement, started in North Dakota by Indigenous youth, explodes a subtle American myth — the one that contends that revolutions just happen. Schoolchildren have learned that Rosa Parks was a seamstress who got tired of it all, so they sat in the front of the bus. But Parks spent years training as a revolutionary, studying under Myles Horton, along with Martin Luther King Jr., at the Highlander School in Tennessee. They knew what they were doing when they put their lives on the line.
The gritty work of revolution may be the most difficult of all human tasks, because the path forward is always experimental and full of risk. It's an open question whether we'll choose to exchange our comfortable lives for the difficult acts of protest required to change the path of government. But one thing is certain: Any progress will be directly proportional to our suffering. The writer Cormac McCarthy said it best: “All things of grace and beauty such that one holds them to one's heart have a common provenance in pain.”
Thumbnail image credit: Chris Yakimov/Flickr.
Note: the opinions expressed in this column are those of the writer and do not necessarily reflect those of High Country News, its board or staff. If you'd like to share an opinion piece of your own, please write Betsy Marston at [email protected].
