Transcript
Today video chatting on a phone seems natural, yet for years the public resisted video chat. The device in this photo -- its from 1964 -- shows the Bell System's PicturePhone. Although you see grandma enjoying a chat with their daughter and granddaughter very few people -- let alone grandparents -- used the device. Bell lost a half billion dollars. Here's the amazing story of the failure, but more importantly near revolutionary success, of the very first mass-manufactured phone for video chatting.
This device was meant to be the most revolutionary communication medium of the century, but failed miserably as a consumer product. In 1964 the mighty Bell System, the great monopoly that solely owned the telephone system, introduced the PicturePhone. They hoped that everyone would replace their voice-only phone with a PicturePhone, even though Bell charged one-hundred and sixty dollars a month for the phone and its service -- about a thousand in today's dollars.
Technically, it was an amazing achievement: Bell used the existing twisted-pair copper wire of the telephone network -- not broadband lines like today -- to produce black and white video on a screen about five inches square. And, amazingly for the time, it used a CCD-based-camera, which had size and height controls so the image could be adjusted without moving the PicturePhone itself.
To spark interest in the PicturePhone, Bell created “PictureBooths” in New York, Chicago, and Washington DC to introduce the phones to the public -- at cost of about twenty bucks a minute, over one-hundred and fifty in today's dollars. Bell hoped for a billion dollar business with a million phones set up by 1980, and twelve million subscribers by the year 2000, but in 1964 only seventy-one patrons used the PictureBooths in the first six months, and six years later the number of users fell to zero.
The PictutrePhone itself limped along with a handful of customers until Bell withdrew it in 1978, after investing some five hundred million dollars.
The truly interesting aspect isn't the failure. The PicturePhone had the problems of any new invention: attracting users and producing enough to lower the cost.More fascinating to me than the failure is how close PicturePhone came to being the internet.
In the 1950s and early 1960s the Bell System engineers who designed the PicturePhone followed the speculations about a new coming media revolution, so they thought of an interconnected world. They knew that as long as customers used telephone lines only for voice calls, they had little reason to pay for broadband lines to the home -- copper would work well enough. But with PicturePhone they could justify the cost of upgrading local lines.
So, they designed the PicturePhone to spark consumer interest, and to generate cash, to build an all-digital switched network to “provide”, in their words, “a wide spectrum of customer services, including Picturephone.”
In fact, PicturePhone did deliver data in a proto-internet way. The phones connected mainframe computers. And an add-on let users share 35 mm slides and a flip-out mirror captured documents placed on a desk. The PicturePhone didn't quite do its job well-enough: The video, although cutting edge for the time, was still choppy, and sharing documents on a 5 inch by 5-inch screen was less than ideal. The root of the failure lies in Bell's monopoly powers.
It could not cross subsidize the PicturePhone -- introduce it at low rate to build demand -- because this would leave them open to charges of monopoly abuse.
So, in a way the PicturePhone fit in nowhere: Too expensive for home, too limited for business. But it does remind us when looking at failure to look carefully at the details because in them is often the path to the future.
I'm Bill Hammack, the EngineerGuy.
DETAILS
EVENT SCHEDULE
12:30pm – VAA Early Entry/Check-in
1:00pm – General Admission GATES OPEN
2:00pm – Rockers International
4:00pm – 1st VAA Guided Tour and Tasting (Meet in the Taproom at the Indoor Stage)
5:00pm – 2nd VAA Guided Tour and Tasting (Meet in the Taproom at the Indoor Stage)
5:00pm – Medisin
6:00pm – 3rd and FINAL VAA Guided Tour and Tasting (Meet in the Taproom at the Indoor Stage)
8:00pm – Lusine
9:30pm – Tipper
11:05pm – Push/Pull (Late Night Indoor Stage)
TIPPER
A year after tearing it up at New Mountain, Tipper returns to Asheville only this time to Black Mountain just outside of town for a Day/Night event outdoors on the beautiful wooden stage @ Pisgah Brewing Company. Kicking off the afternoon will be Radio Free Georgia's own Rockers International DJ's featuring the very best Caribbean music past and present. Local favorite Medisin will present an extended set, bridging the gap from psy dub to glitch hop into idm/trip hop maestro Lusine offering a special Twilight Set prior to Tipper.
Tipper is bringing visual manipulation wizard Johnathan Singer with them this time, and together they will weave one of their highly regarded Journey Sets in one of the most beautiful settings on offer. The fun and festivities will continue into the wee hours, with another local favorite Push/Pull spinning inside the Brewery on their indoor stage. There will be Very Awesome Area tickets which include a guided brewery tour and tasting, early entry, preferred parking, private viewing area, private bar/port-a-lets and an event poster. Artist Jeff Wood will be painting live and adding their own special flair to this fun gathering. Things could get a little Weird… see you there.
ARTIST WEBSITE
LUSINE
J eff McIlwain has been producing their visceral, melodic strain of abstract electronic music as Lusine for over 10 years now. Originally a Texas native, McIlwain met Shad Scott while living in LA and put out their self titled debut on Scott's imprint, Isophlux. They relocated to Seattle in late 2002 and began steadily releasing their music on Ghostly International. McIlwain has also contributed tracks to various compilations and remix releases on Mute, !K7, Kompakt, Asthmatic Kitty, and Shitkatapult. Their last, critically acclaimed album, A Certain Distance, was released in 2009, and a follow-up compilation of 12” tracks and remixes, Lucky Numbers, was released soon after in 2010.
With even "free" countries like the United Kingdom and Australia imposing Internet censorship on certain types of of online content and specific Websites (often in wildly inappropriate and overreaching ways — I'm talking about you, Oz), clever means for accessing verboten Websites are of interest to more than a few of the world's Web users. Enter Pirate Bay, that storied gateway to shared media and information government officials don't want you to have, which has introduced the PirateBrowser, specifically designed to bypass censorship.
At Pirate Bay, the PirateBrowser is described thusly:
PirateBrowser is a bundle package of the Tor client (Vidalia), FireFox Portable browser (with foxyproxy addon) and some custom configs that allows you to circumvent censorship that certain countries such as Iran, North Korea, United Kingdom, The Netherlands, Belgium, Finland, Denmark, Italy and Ireland impose onto their citizens.
Despite the use of Tor in the browser, PirateBrowser is designed to bypass Internet blockades of Websites, not to guarantee anonymity. That means users who risk legal penalties for accessing restricted Websites will want to look for another solution. But for Web surfers in countries, like Australia, that secretly force ISPs to block seemingly legal Websites, or the U.K., where people may have to go on record to opt out of Internet restrictions, Pirate Browser could prove very useful. (Pirate Bay recommends, "If you are looking for something more secure you may want to try a VPN like PrivacyIO.")
Pirate Bay itself is a frequent target of online censors, and a likely beneficiary of any tool that bypasses such controls.
According to TorrentFreak, PirateBrowser was downloaded more than 100,000 times in the first three days of its launch this past Saturday, as part of Pirate Bay's celebration of its tenth anniversary.
Get PirateBrowser here.
Image copyright Peter Cairns Image caption Scotland's last lynx are thought to have died out in the Middle Ages
Efforts to "rewild" parts of Scotland could involve the reintroduction of Eurasian lynx, according to some conservationists.
Trees for Life said the predator could "play a crucial top-down regulatory role in ecosystems" by helping to control red and roe deer numbers.
The charity's Alan Watson Featherstone and author George Monbiot are due to speak to MSPs on "rewilding".
The men will later address a conference at Edinburgh University.
Rewilding is an effort, supported by various conservation groups, to encourage native species of fauna and floral to flourish.
In a statement, Forres-based Trees for Life said the reinstatement of lynx could help to better control wild deer, which feed on young trees.
The charity said the main impact of lynx would likely be in disturbing deer populations, causing these animals to move more frequently so that their grazing was less concentrated in specific areas.
Trees for Life added: "The lynx - already reintroduced to areas of Europe such as the Alps and Jura mountains - offers little threat to sheep.
"It is a specialist predator of roe deer, a species which has multiplied in Britain in recent years and which holds back the natural regeneration of trees through intensive browsing."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Lynx could affect red deer grazing, Trees for Life said
Mr Featherstone and Mr Monbiot, a columnist for The Guardian and author of the book, Feral, are to speak to the Scottish Parliament's cross-party group on international development.
Later, the two men will take part in Rewilding the World, an event organised by the University of Edinburgh's Department for Social Responsibility and Sustainability as part of Edinburgh World Justice Festival.
Mr Monbiot said: "Rewilding offers us a big chance to reverse destruction of the natural world.
"Letting trees return to bare and barren uplands, allowing the seabed to recover from trawling, and bringing back missing species would help hundreds of species that might otherwise struggle to survive - while rekindling wonder and enchantment that often seems missing in modern day Britain."
Mr Featherstone said Trees for Life was working to restore Scotland's last remnants of native Caledonian Forest.
They said: "In the Highlands we have the opportunity to reverse environmental degradation and create a spectacular, world-class wilderness region - offering a lifeline to wildlife including beavers, capercaillie, wood ants and pine martens - and restoring natural forests and wild spaces for our children and grandchildren to enjoy."
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Featherstone said rewilding involved supporting reintroductions of once native species, such as beavers
Earlier this year, landscape conservation charity the John Muir Trust said there was "no ecological reason" why wolves could not be reintroduced to Scotland.
In an edition of its journal, JMT said the animal had been demonised in the UK.
It raised the issue of bringing back the wolf as part of a wider discussion on rewilding the UK.
Where the wild things were
Image copyright AFP
The Cairngorms may have been the last stronghold of Scotland's native lynx.
They could have survived in the mountainous area's forests, one of the last places in Scotland to suffer deforestation, into the late Middle Ages.
The wolf was hunted to extinction in Scotland in the 1700s with some of the last killed in Sutherland and Moray.
Wolves were driven to extinction by persecution and hunting. Chieftains and royalty led some of the hunting parties.
One attended by Queen Mary in 1563 employed 2,000 Highlanders and ended in the deaths of five wolves and 360 deer.
Animals killed near Brora, in Sutherland, in 1700 and another at Findhorn, in Moray, in 1743 were among Scotland's last.
JMT said it hoped to stimulate debate on returning areas to more natural states.
In the John Muir Trust Journal, chief executive Stuart Brooks said the charity wanted to help develop a practical vision on rewilding.
Their comments accompanied an article by the charity's communications chief Susan Wright and head of land and science Mike Daniels.
In the article, they said wolf ecotourism was growing in other parts of Europe, but also noted a cull of wolves in Sweden.
However, there has been opposition to talk of reintroducing apex predators such as wolves and lynx.
NFU Scotland said Scotland no longer had suitable habitat for the animals, and warned that they would go for the easiest kill - domestic livestock.
'Over 130 children die each day' in Yemen's war as calls to end blockade intensify
'Over 130 children die each day' in Yemen's war as calls to end blockade intensify
A girl with cholera receives treatment through a drip in a centre in Sanaa, Yemen
More than 130 children are dying each day from extreme hunger and disease as the civil war rages in Yemen, according to a charity.
Save the Children says more than 50,000 youngsters are believed to have already lost their lives so far this year.
The organisation has said a blockade by the Saudi-led coalition fighting Iran-backed Houthi rebels will almost certainly make things worse.
The alliance stopped all air, land, and sea access to Yemen more than a week ago after a rebel missile attack near the Saudi capital Riyadh.
Saudi Arabia intercepted ballistic missile
The coalition said it closed the ports and borders to stop the flow of arms from Iran to the Houthis.
It comes as three agencies said thousands of civilians will die, including many children, unless the blockade which has "choked off" aid supplies is fully lifted.
The World Health Organisation, UNICEF and the World Food Programme said seven million people are on the brink of famine.
Saudi Arabia 'trying' to bring Yemen peace
Unless all ports are reopened, that number could rise by 3.2 million, they warned.
The agencies said in a statement: "Together, we issue another urgent appeal for the coalition to permit entry of lifesaving supplies to Yemen in response to what is now the worst humanitarian crisis in the world.
"The supplies, which include medicines, vaccines and food, are essential to staving off disease and starvation. Without them, untold thousands of innocent victims, among them many children, will die."
More than 10,000 people have been killed in the conflict since March 2015 and three million have been displaced.
Fatalities at Yemen hotel after airstrike
The coalition has carried out bombings targeting rebels but civilians have also been among the casualties.
It has partially eased some restrictions on ports controlled by the Yemeni government, which is Saudi Arabia's ally.
But rebel-held entry points, including the crucial Red Sea port of Hodeidah, remain shut.
UNICEF said: "Without fuel, the vaccine cold chain, water supply systems and waste water treatment plants will stop functioning.
"And without food and safe water, the threat of famine grows by the day."
Yemen cholera outbreak kills 1,500 people
The coalition intervened in Yemen two and a half years ago to try to oust the Houthi rebels who control the capital Sanaa, and restore President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi's government to power.
The above video has been making the rounds since New York-based comedian Tyler Fischer posted it on Twitter yesterday, and whether you're a Bill Burr fan or just appreciate a solid impersonation, the 2-minute clip is well worth the watch. Recorded during The Bell House's 10th annual Schtick or Treat comedy show on Sunday, the clip shows Fischer pulling off a flawless take on Burr's voice and mannerisms and delivering material – in this instance, a takedown of Brooklyn hipsters and coffee shops – that would be right at home in any real Burr set (“Fuck you. Brutal!”). The real Burr has not yet responded to the video, but hopefully that changes soon. “Bill has not reached out yet,” Fischer told us, “but I am a big fan and hope they see it!”
Episode 474: The North Korea Files
Office of Foreign Assets Control
U.S. citizens who want to buy stuff from North Korea have to write a letter to the U.S. government asking for special permission. As regular listeners know, we're sort of obsessed with North Korea. So we decided to try to get those letters.
Several months ago, we filed Freedom of Information Act request. It worked! We recently got a stack of heavily redacted letters.
On today's show: we try to figure out who sent the letters, why they wanted to do business with North Korea, and what that tells us about the North Korean economy.
We posted all of the letters here.
Music: Duran Duran's "Notorious." Find us: Twitter/ Facebook/Spotify/ Tumblr. Download the Planet Money iPhone App.
The Republican establishment is in a dither — who are all these tradesmen and petit bourgeoisie who are planning to vote for this Donald Trump fellow? Do such people really exist?
And if they do, how many of the great unwashed are actually going to vote for this person with the ?outer-borough accent?
We're going to get answers to all these questions shortly, aren't we? Not that anybody really has any idea what's going to happen in Iowa tomorrow night.
The only thing we know for sure about Iowa is who the media are going to declare as the winner, even if they finish a distant third.
The declared winner will be Marco Rubio, whom the media were shamelessly touting even before the debate Thursday. Marco Rubio, the RINO flavor of the month.
But that's just the GOPe/National Review spin. In New Hampshire nine days from now, I predict Trump is going to enjoy the kind of evening Boston City Councilor Dapper O'Neil used to forecast for himself.
“They won't be countin' my votes,” the Dap would say. “They'll be weighin' 'em.”
And yet, the nominal leaders of the Granite State GOP don't even know anybody who's voting for this … this Trump parvenu?
Remember John Sununu, the one-time governor of New Hampshire and later Bush 41's White House chief of staff? Their son and namesake was a U.S. senator. Junior is now backing John Kasich, a clue as to just how far removed the Sununu family has drifted from the GOP grass roots.
A few days ago in New Hampshire, reporter Byron York ran into Mr. and Mrs. Sununu Sr. at an event and asked them if they personally knew anyone who supported Trump.
“They looked at each other for a minute, thinking, and finally said yes, there's a guy down the street from them who does.”
But Sununu wasn't the only GOP bigfoot York found who claimed not to know any Trump voters. Friday night, I asked U.S. Rep. Frank Guinta if he'd seen the story about Sununu.
“Yeah, and I didn't know what to make of it,” they said. “I go to events and the only candidate anybody wants to talk about is Trump.”
It's not just New Hampshire, either. Right now in Massachusetts, 3,000 new voters are registering ?every day.
These new voters are not Republicans. This week, the state had to send out 21,000 postcards to people who have registered as members of the “United Independent Party” — Evan Falchuk's third party. The new voters saw the word “independent” and immediately checked the box.
They didn't understand that the designation for independent is “unenrolled.” To prevent chaos on primary day, the state is warning members of the UIP they only have until Feb. 10 to re-register as “unenrolled.”
Here's another of what Deval Patrick used to call “anecdotes.” Last week on my show, Ann Coulter told me she'd run into a billionaire at a cocktail party who expressed Sununu-like consternation about the Republican race.
“We're all for Jeb Bush, of course,” they recounted the billionaire telling them “But it's the strangest thing — most of the ‘help' appears to be for Trump. And they're all Hispanics!”
Neither Sununu nor Ann Coulter's billionaire saw the story about the roundup of the MS-13 illegals in Boston. Check out the nicknames of all of Jeb Bush's valedictorians:
“Psycho … Violento … Terrible … Crazy … Muerto … Animal … Renegado … Violento (again) … Sangriento … Demento.”
I read all those names over the air Friday night. A texter from the 603 area code responded:
“The only nickname any of them should have is ?‘Deporto.' ”
A Trump voter, I'm going to guess. And I'll bet he's never met John Sununu Sr., either.
Sick of all those treacly columns tailored to the cotton-candy emotions of the season?
Feel like you're trapped in a world of elevator music and the off-gassing of baubles made in China?
Here, for your pleasure, are some Christmas catcalls from the nearly-empty bleachers of 2017 politics.
Let's start with Justin Trudeau, who now owns a quadruple violation of ethics guidelines, as established by Mary Dawson on their way to retirement — and not a moment too soon.
It wasn't very middle-class of Justin to holiday on a billionaire's private island at taxpayer's expense. It was also dumber than a bag of hammers.
The Aga Khan Foundation gets stuff from the Canadian government — and everyone knows who gives the stuff out. Of course this wasn't lobbying; this was just old friends continuing their intimate and longstanding relationship. Intimate enough for the Aga Khan to call Trudeau personally in 2016 to pass on an environmental complaint about a Canadian mining subsidiary — an incident detailed in Dawson's report. No lobbying there …
Someone in the inner circle of fan boys and girls who run the PMO — Gerald Butts, Katie Telford, Ryan Dunn and Mathieu Bouchard — should be out of work right now. The PMO is supposed to be a place where serious work gets done. It's not supposed to be the PM's private treehouse where everyone has a nickname and a favorite Justin story. No one in that office protected the PM from their own bad judgment. What else are they there for?
True, some key PMO staffers recused themselves from nominating the new ethics commissioner, Mario Dion. But questions remain.
Before they tried to cover up Justin's glitzy trip, what was their advice to him? Did any of them see the obvious breach of the rules and say so?
If they did not, why are we paying them? If they did, how could they be part of the same PMO team that subsequently tried to defend the PM's tainted trip to Aga-Land? Justin may soon discover that the cruelest way to go in politics is death-by-acolyte.
As for Justin himself, their apology for their now documented transgressions (the penalty for which is a meaningless sound bite on the news) sounded like those recordings that tell you how important your call is. It was as heartfelt as the welcome of a medicated Walmart greeter. Justin needs to work on their sincerity skills.
Before Dawson applied Canada's toothless ethics regulations to Justin, the PM said that there was no other way to get to the Aga Khan's island other than to take their private helicopter. They could have hoofed it, of course — but after Dawson's report, the polls will show that Justin's water-walking skills are fading fast.
The PM would be well advised to brush up on their human resources instincts, too. There has to be more to picking a cabinet minister than geographical balance and loyalty. Cabinet ministers need vision — 20/20, if possible. They need to be savvy, smart people who anticipate problems — and not the sort who walk into propeller blades in public.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau has 19/20 vision — blind enough not to see that they needed a blind trust, particularly after their ample fortune stood to grow even larger based on decisions they were making as finance minister.
Yes, Morneau should be fired — or at the very least demoted. No one is buying the retroactive Robin Hood bit, any more than they bought the Good Samaritan fable Nigel Wright told during the Duffy Affair. And the guy doing the demoting ought to be the prime minister — not the new ethics commissioner after they take on this bundle of dirty laundry in the new year.
I hope Nikki Haley's party was nicely catered, because Canada just kissed goodbye any chance of joining the Security Council any time soon. Who needs two UN delegations from the United States? I hope Nikki Haley's party was nicely catered, because Canada just kissed goodbye any chance of joining the Security Council any time soon. Who needsUN delegations from the United States?
Then there is Trudeau's awful approach to Donald Trump — snuggling-up with Trumpy Bear in a sad effort to win a few bonbons in the NAFTA renegotiations. (There really is a Trumpy Bear product on the market this Christmas, complete with an American flag stored in a hidden, zippered pocket. It's made in China.)
Although Justin has been praised in some quarters for not becoming a negative obsession for Trump, the president remains a menace to the planet, as their recent decision to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem shows. Never mind those puerile tweets about incinerating Little Rocket Man.
The world needs to stand up to this bloviating bully who reeled off a thousand lies in their first term in office. The Jerusalem issue was the perfect issue over which to shun him.
After all, the UN resolution that sent Trump off their head was merely reaffirming that organization's longstanding position — that the issue of Jerusalem is a final-status matter that has to be negotiated between the Israelis and Palestinians. Trump barged in before those negotiations took place and didn't just put their thumb on the scales, but their ample butt.
Through their UN ambassador, Nikki Haley, Trump threatened financial consequences for any country that voted against the United States. Despite this thuggish attempt at blackmail, one hundred and twenty-eight countries stood up for the basic principle that Jerusalem's status must be negotiated. Only nine voted with the United States.
Those calling Trump out included key allies like the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Japan. They all realized that any chance of a two-state solution went out the window with Trump's reversal of long-standing U.S. policy.
The United States' prospects of acting as an “honest broker” in Middle East peace talks — always fictitious — are now completely exploded. VP Mike Pence's pending trip to the region will put that message up in neon for all the world to see.
Canada was one of 35 countries that abstained from the UN vote. That exercise in craven self-interest earned Canada's Ambassador Marc-Andre Blanchard an invitation to Nikki Haley's “friendship party.” It was Ambassador Haley's way of thanking those compliant countries that did what they were told.
I hope Nikki's party was nicely catered, because Canada just kissed goodbye any chance of joining the Security Council any time soon. Who needs two UN delegations from the United States?
As for the political opposition in Canada, they remain Justin Trudeau's best asset. While it may be true that good things come to those who wait, Andrew Scheer apparently has forgotten that you need to show signs of life for that approach to bear fruit. Stephen Harper was bad enough. Canadians don't want their wax effigy.
NDP leader Jagmeet Singh had the guts and good sense to call Trump's Jerusalem decision “counter-productive” and “divisive.” But would Singh have voted with the rest of the world, or played economic small ball the way the Liberals did? Would they have stood up to Trump, or hidden behind the bar?
Finally, as we approach Christmas, a few thoughts on the two most dangerous men in the world: Trump and Kim Jong-un, two tubby, tyrannical twins separated at birth.
It could be that these two just haven't spent enough quality time together to develop a relationship. How about a camping trip for just the two of them — no aides, no media, no near relatives?
They could pitch their tent on the slopes of Mt. Vesuvius, Mauna Loa or Mt. Merapi in Java. Like the two prospective campers, these locations are all the sites of live volcanoes.
What could be more perfect?
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
Four Americans died in the jihadi attack on our consulate in Benghazi. Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods, two retired SEALS who were working as civilian security specialists in Benghazi, learned that Ambassador Stevens and nine other people at the consulate were under attack and rushed to their defense . The fourth man was Sean Smith, father of three, an Air Force veteran, working for the State Department in Libya.
They fought for their lives for seven hours. 9/11/ 2012. Benghazi. The White House watched. No help was sent and they died.
The White House, the Pentagon, the State Department, and our military monitored the battle in real time starting with the first phone calls directly from Benghazi.
A small military force from Tripoli was dispatched and was able to rescue some personnel hiding in other buildings. Ambassador Stevens remained missing, as did these three men. The fire-fight raged on.
The shocking news of October 22 was that a drone ordered in from Tripoli sent back images of the attack in real time. The battle was sent on streaming video direct to the Situation Room in the White House. Within two hours, emails from Benghazi reported that Al Qaeda in Libya was claiming responsibility.
President Obama, our Commander-in-Chief, had military options available to try and save our men. They could have had the drone armed with Hellfire missiles. They could have scrambled fighter jets from Sicily to drive off the attackers. They could have dropped in Special Forces. They had seven hours to take action.
They did nothing. Doherty and Woods died in the last hour of the attack.
RUSH: It's so devastating you can't find it anywhere. You can't find it outside of a little blurb on CBS. You can't find it anywhere after Reuters publishes it. Fox has got it. I've got it. Fox had it last night. This whole Benghazi thing is blown wide open, and nobody's talking about it.
The U.K. Daily Mail, unlike most of our politically corrupt media, is not working for Obama's re-election, so it is still reporting news:
It is the latest development on the deadly attack on September 11 after it was revealed that American drones were in the skies above the U.S. consulate in Benghazi. Defense department officials considered sending troops in to rescue the ambassador and staff, according to CBS News, but ultimately decided not to. They would have been able to watch the attack on-screen as it unfolded.
Sharyl Attkisson of CBS: "Sending the military into another country can be a sensitive and delicate decision. CBS News has been told Secretary of State Hillary Clinton did seek clearances from Libya to fly in their airspace, but the administration won't say anything further about what was said or decided on that front."
Former Assistant Defense Secretary Bing West told America Live:
For the United States military to say that they were 480 miles away and they couldn't do anything, and they couldn't move one aircraft in 8 hours? I'd say it's time to relieve a lot of people in the chain of command... If your ambassador has been either killed or captured, and is missing at the hands of terrorists, you do not ask any country for "Mother may I?" before you come across the border to save your own.
Bing West has more to say, on the pages of National Review:
At 5 p.m., President Obama met with Vice President Biden and Secretary of Defense Panetta in the Oval Office. The U.S. military base in Sigonella, Sicily, was 480 miles away from Benghazi. Stationed at Sigonella were Special Operations Forces, transport aircraft, and attack aircraft - a much more formidable force than 22 men from the embassy.... Fighter jets could have been at Benghazi in an hour; the commandos inside three hours. If the attackers were a mob, as intelligence reported, then an F18 in afterburner, roaring like a lion, would unnerve them. This procedure was applied often in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. Conversely, if the attackers were terrorists, then the U.S. commandos would eliminate them. But no forces were dispatched from Sigonella. By about two in the morning, the American embassy received word that the ambassador was dead....The fight began at 10 p.m. and petered out at dawn when the Libyan militia came to the aid of the Americans.
Bing West concludes: "It is bewildering that no U.S. aircraft ever came to the aid of the defenders. If even one F18 had been on station, it would have detected the location of hostiles firing at night and deterred and attacked the mortar sites. For our top leadership, with all the technological and military tools at their disposal, to have done nothing for seven hours was a joint civilian and military failure of initiative and nerve."
At some point, President Obama went to bed. Whether it was before or after the last men died, we don't know. They had a fundraising trip to Las Vegas to get up for the next morning. In the morning, President Obama skipped their national security briefing, as they had skipped so many others, forty percent of them to be exact. Then President Obama flew off to do their primary job - fundraising.
In the second Presidential debate, Obama tried to silence Romney's questions on Libya by a show of outrage. How dare Romney question their leadership on Libya?
The U.S. Military does not abandon our men, but they would not act in these circumstances without an order from the Commander in Chief.
Did Obama stay up into the night in the Situation Room, watching the attack in Benghazi in real time, as they were proud to boast they had watched the take-down of Bin Laden? Who did they confer with about how to intervene to save our people? Why did they decide to do nothing?
Military sources tell CBS News that resources at the three bases include fighter jets and Specter AC-130 gunships, which the sources say can be extremely effective in flying in and buzzing a crowd to disperse it.... Add to the controversy the fact that the last two Americans didn't die until more than six hours into the attack, and the question of U.S. military help becomes very important.
Maybe Obama wasn't in the Situation Room. This is how Obama described events that night during the second Presidential debate:
I know these folks, and I know their families. So nobody's more concerned about their safety and security than I am. So as soon as we found out that the Benghazi consulate was being overrun, I was on the phone with my national security team, and I gave them three instructions. Number one, beef up our security and - and - and procedures not just in Libya but every embassy and consulate in the region.
Why was Obama on the phone with their national security team instead of in the Situation Room with the highest levels of the CIA, Defense, State and our military? Why did they fly off to fundraise in Las Vegas the next morning?
As former U.N. Ambassador Bolton said on Greta van Susteren:
But I tell you, one thing I've not understood about the way this played out on September the 11th and the day after, is why the entire top levels at the administration weren't on red alert over this. I can't speak for what happens inside the Obama administration, but I tell you, any administration I'd have been in, the president and their top advisers would have been on this immediately around the clock.
"They made zero adjustments in this. They stood and they watched and our people died, "said an outraged retired CIA officer, Gary Berntsen on CBS, who led missions targeting bin Laden and responding to the Kenyan embassy bombings.
Sean Smith
Glen Doherty
Tyrone Woods
The details of the Benghazi 9/11 attack have been inexorably emerging despite White House efforts -- supported by the disinterest of the mainstream media -- to delay their report to the public until after the Presidential election. The Senate Intelligence Committee has been badgering Obama for information for weeks, and getting nothing but stonewalling.
According to the vice chair Senator Chambliss:
We got pushback, both from the White House and the intelligence community, early on. We couldn't figure it out. I mean, that was really strange - because they never do that.
Former CIA agent Claire Lopez told Glenn Beck, "They saw it in live time. They knew what was happening...Only local assets ...were sent to help them."
Based on their twenty-year career as an operations officer, Lopez believes James Clapper, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, and General David Petraeus are all aware of what really happened in Libya.
Lopez told Glenn that they had seen agents come under heavy fire in the past, but there were always people and assets who assembled to come to their aid. "I have never seen a situation where a facility was under attack like that and nothing happens."
Former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton told Greta Susteren on Fox News:
Bolton: We know that the security guards at the compound in Benghazi were in cell phone contact with the State Department in real time. VAN SUSTEREN: Well, according to what we can piece together, at 4:05 local time in the United States ... there was.. an e-mail, ...said, U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi under attack. What we have been told is that during that time is that President Obama, Vice President Biden and Secretary of Defense Panetta at some time that evening or that afternoon were in the Oval Office together.
Obama reportedly canceled the operation to kill Osama bin Laden three times before saying yes, because they got cold feet about the possible political harm to themselves if the mission failed.
Some lawmakers are asking why U.S. military help from outside Libya didn't arrive as terrorists battered more than 30 Americans over the course of more than seven hours. The assault was launched by an armed mob of dozens that torched buildings and used rocket propelled grenades, mortars and AK-47 rifles. CBS News has been told that, hours after the attack began, an unmanned Predator drone was sent over the U.S. mission in Benghazi, and that the drone and other reconnaissance aircraft apparently observed the final hours of the protracted battle...
Why did we send an unarmed drone to observe and send back streaming video instead of arming it with Hellfire missiles? Or if it was armed, why weren't the missiles fired?
Rush Limbaugh thinks it was politics. President Obama's re-election campaign has few accomplishments to point to, so Rush believes they felt it imperative to keep up the myth that Obama had destroyed Al Qaeda by killing bin Laden. Keeping up the myth meant ignoring the real and growing expansion of Al Qaeda. A full blown military intervention doesn't go with their preferred story that an insulting video inflamed a spontaneous mob.
Rush:
I heard K. T. McFarland on Fox this morning. She's the former national security adviser for George W. Bush. They said that Al-Qaeda is in 30 countries now. They're not decimated. They're not on the run. ... the people on the ground in Cairo were shouting, "We're all Osamas, Obama, we're all Osamas." Meaning, Obama, like you say, was bragging about getting bin Laden. Twenty-one times they mentioned it and bragged about it at the Democrat convention. And these protesters in Cairo were saying, "Yeah, well, we're all Osamas, Obama." So, you know, Obama's crowing has come home to roost.
Everything was sacrificed to the goal of acting as if the jihadi war against America was inconsequential. Libya was to be 'normalized.' Not by doing the actual work of stabilizing the country, but by our Administration refusing to station Marines there to protect our ambassador. The attack on our embassy was normalized by treating it like a spontaneous demonstration, nothing you would scramble a Specter AC-130 for.
Ambassador Bolton thinks Obama is blinded by their ideology.
BOLTON: Some say, of course, there's a cover-up going on and that the administration's lying. I'm afraid there's actually a more disturbing explanation. The president's ideology has put a screen over their consciousness. And when the real world tries to intrude on it, it can't get through. Because after all: The War on Terror is over, Al-Qaeda's been defeated, the Arab Spring has brought democracy to Libya. And a terrorist attack that brutally kills four Americans is wildly inconsistent with that ideology and worldview. The president can't process reality, and their aides can't get through to him.
Perhaps our President truly believes Islam is a religion of peace, and only provocative American behavior causes attacks on us. There is no danger, because there is no resurgent jihadi movement at war with western civilization, just some criminal fanatics that can be dealt with on an individual basis. If you truly believe that, then it almost makes sense to note the Libyan dislike of armed Marines guarding our ambassador and use unarmed locals instead. Forcing Stevens to do without military protection was apparently the State Department's idea of diplomacy. According to State Department Regional Security Officer Eric Nordstrom, testifying at the October 11 congressional hearings on the Benghazi cover-up, "In deference to sensitivity to Libyan practice the guards at Benghazi were unarmed."
Yet Rush's theory that the lack of security in Libya was about electoral politics is supported by Republican Congressman Darrell Issa, chairperson of the U.S. House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
Congressman Issa believes that Clinton and Obama were directly involved in operations in Libya. 'These critical foreign policy decisions are not made by low or mid-level career officials -- they are typically made through a structured and well-reasoned process that includes the National Security Council and the White House,' Issa wrote in a letter to Obama.
The letter claims that Obama had a political motivation in rejecting Stevens' security requests, since the president was eager to show improving conditions in Libya after the U.S.-led international operation that toppled Libya dictator Moamar Gadhafi.
The scandal now has erupted far beyond why our Libyan embassy was left so vulnerable to a jihadi attack on 9/11/12.
Our President chose to let these four men fight for seven hours and die alone in that Benghazi compound. How and why did Obama decide not to help them?
This Kickstarter is for all of you ski tourers who care about the numbers: the slope angle, amount of kick turns, the temperature, distance, speed, and time of your backcountry trip. Called the Pomocup, it's the Fitbit of the backcountry world, and it's made by Swiss ski enthusiasts who have been studying human movement for the past 15 years. "A simple and practical tool to measure the data that matters, providing realtime feedback during ascent," CEO Benoit Mariani said.
RELATED: Rossignol Ski & Snowboard Gear Preview 16/17
Attaching to the front of your ski, it displays the current information much like a treadmill does. The screen also uses an OLED display that's easy to see in snow or sun. This little device also has the capacity to store 800 hours of ski touring information.
The app accompanying the Pomocup can allow users to see their daily stats. Picture taken from video above.
Mountain guide Denis Trento said the Pomocup helps them guide their guests in the backcountry by being able to keep better tabs on the cadence and security of their trips. "With Pomocup, it's easier for me to teach my guests how slope and temperature can increase the risk of avalanches," Trento said.
By bringing metrics to the judgment calls made in the backcountry, it is believed a device such as this one can help people make smarter decisions in terms of the risks they take.
The first Pomocup prototype was also used in 2015 by the Swiss Ski Team preparing for the World Race Championship.
The kickstarter ends on February 29 and shipping of the Pomocups will happen in September and October of 2016, according to their.
SCP-000
Ittëm # ŚČР-000
ØbjectX_XClas§: #NULL
SpecïÅl ςόЛţДĬЛΜ$%#ll to undefined function PROCEDURES(): Error: Field CONTAINMENT_PROCEDURES does not exist.
Ðєš5(rĬρţĬό0n: Internal system error: Field undefined. Please contact system administrator. Internal system error: Field undefined. Please contact system administrator. InteRиαl Sуѕtєм ERяяσя: FïëlÐ ünÐëƒïnëÐ. ρĿєДšє ςόЛţДςţ šΫšţєΜMMMMMMMMMMMM^@#$@!^&&%**$*%^*%^%^
Alright, I'm sick of this shit. The system keeps kicking out repair tickets for this spot in the database, and I don't want to bother with it anymore. I'm going to put suppression on any tickets involving the 000 slot of the database, because it's disrupting work flow for actual problems, and generally just pissing me off. I don't know why it keeps fucking with the syntax, but the fact of the matter is that it's only happening here, and considering that the only thing here is just a giant pile of junk data, it's more than likely the database pissing itself over the lack of proper information. If anything changes, I'll definitely look into it, but as of right now this issue is closed.
- Technical Researcher Rosen
This cage is vast, it has no walls. While I stand still all I see is a white plain stretching across an equally blank sky. There is no life in this place. I can move for as long as I choose but should I stop even for a moment I am snapped back to this spot, forever damned to be tethered to my prison. Despite this, I have wandered far, exploring the purgatory I have known for countless years. In my travels in this wasteland of white I have seen flashes of things, horrible things that simply should not be. Grotesque abominations that appear for moments at a time only to disappear as if they had never been there at all.
My memories of these creatures continue to lead me back to one memory specifically. A black shapeless being, a formless thing that could not have been created by any God in this or any other reality, appeared ahead of me as I walked and stared at me with dead crimson eyes. As I drew closer to it in my mind I could feel its hate, its rage, and its fear, emotions I know well but have never experienced with such intensity as I felt from this entity. As quickly as it came, it disappeared, and for a brief moment I swore I could see its twisted maw speak a word, an utterance I have yet to understand in content and context.
"Foundation".
I have puzzled over the meaning of this word, this final message of a nightmare creature whom I have not seen since. I have tried to approach the other flashes in hopes of learning more about this word, but I am barely able to comprehend their appearance before the creatures disappear back into the void from which they were spawned. It has made me wonder…what are these creatures? Where do they come from? Where do I come from? How did I get to this place? How do I get out of this place? These questions remain unanswered, and I fear they may never be answered, the thought of which serves only to drive me mad.
It is curious that the other effect of the chance encounter has proven far more productive. Prior to this, I was unaware that I possessed a mouth, or vocal cords, or any mechanism to make noise. Though I knew I drew breath, the emptiness around me provided surprisingly little auditory feedback when the air rushed into my lungs. Despite this, sound was not only possible, but now almost inviting. After hearing the wretched words spoken to me out loud, I felt it was my duty…no, my right to destroy the silence I had known for so very, very long.
What began as a whisper barely audible grew and grew as I became more and more emboldened by my newfound abilities. Soon, I was shouting nonsensical words to the skies, laughing in my mind as the silence was broken by me. And even more surprisingly, the world listened. Ripples of energy appeared in the air, controlled solely by the weight and volume of my voice. Should I whisper, they would be soft and light, floating whimsically for a few seconds before disappearing. Should I yell, they would be sharp and heavy, angrily stabbing themselves at the useless oblivion around me.
This pleased me greatly, for it gave meaning to the chaos, gave me purpose. I was no captive! I was a god! This was not my prison, but my realm! My words were law, my voice my weapon! Through these powers I would recreate this realm into one of life, one of joy that I controlled, that I would rule justly! This is how it would be, for I had decided it would be so! I grinned as I focused all my energies, all my hopes and all my ambitions into one tumultuous, deafening bellow, the roar that would begin my reign as lord of the hollow nothingness.
But it did not change anything. The ripples my effort created, though incredibly violent in nature, vanished only a few seconds later leaving no trace of any impact they may have made on this damned abyss. I tried again, with no change to the outcome. Over and over I shouted, my angry yells eventually devolving into screams of fear and horror at the prospect of being trapped endlessly in the damned empty silence that pervaded this abominable place. I screamed and screamed until I could not scream any more, at which point my only other option was to weep. It was not fair. It was not fair! IT IS NOT FAIR!
I did not do anything to deserve this fate, why am I here?! Who or what would be so cruel as to trap someone in a blank nothingness for eternity?! "Foundation", did it do this to me!? Is "Foundation" my captor?! Or is it my creator? It does not matter! I will howl and shriek at the emptiness and until the waves of force I create rips open an exit from this hell, and then I may be able to find the truth, the one fragment of logic and reason in this unending sea of madness and despair that is my existence!
…I will not stop screaming until I am free.
A year ago, if you were to make a bet on whether or not legendary South Korean player Kang "Ambition" Chan-yong would make their first World Championship or retire, the odds would have most likely sided with the latter. Today, however, Ambition has not only made the World Championship on their new club, Samsung Galaxy, but he's possibly playing some of the best League of Legends of their career, captaining these upstarts from SSG to the quarterfinals as the top seed coming out of the "Group of Death."
ESPN spoke to Ambition following the team's 5-1 group stage run that was capped off by a 23-minute blowout of Europe's Splyce. Editor's Picks League of Legends World Championships schedule and results SK Telecom T1 prevailed over Samsung Galaxy in the first five-game series in League of Legends World Championship finals history. Check out all the Worlds coverage here.
'Uzi' to 'Forg1ven': 'I want to meet you at the final' After barely getting out of the Worlds group stage to the quarterfinals, Royal Never Give Up's ace "Uzi" has their eyes set on a finals matchup with H2k Gaming's "Forg1ven."
Worlds: RNG survives, advances vs. TSM Royal Never Give Up took an early lead advantage all the way to the end to advance to the quarterfinals and oust NA's Team SoloMid from the 2016 Worlds. 2 Related
"Generally speaking, coming into the tournament we first thought that the group stage was going to be really difficult," Ambition said. "But we finally made it through, and we're hoping to reach the semifinals, at least."
Ambition has been a part of some of the most talented teams in South Korean League history. They were famously the mid laner for the MiG/Azubu/CJ Entus Blaze squad that won the first domestic league in South Korea and were always considered a threat to make a deep run in a tournament. Unfortunately, through their four years of playing on the Blaze/CJ Entus roster, they were never able to make it to the pinnacle of international competition.
"Looking at the record we've been making, I think Samsung Galaxy is the strongest team I've been on [in my career]," they said.
Transitioning has been a key part to Ambition's renaissance in 2016. Not switching teams from CJ Entus to Samsung Galaxy, but switching positions, too, as Ambition was a mid laner for the first few years of their career before becoming a jungler in the 2015 season on CJ Entus. After having a limited champion pool and so-so play through their first year as a jungler, he's come into their own, taking over the responsibilities of being Samsung's veteran leader this year.
"There are a lot of factors that made me change to [becoming a] jungler," they said. "The [number] one thing was that I was pretty confident to play as a jungler. I was confident I could become a really good jungler, and from a longtime perspective, I thought I could perform better as a jungler [than a mid laner]."
When asked if they feel whether they are one of the best junglers in the world currently, they said yes.
Samsung's road to Worlds wasn't an easy one. After being terrorized by KT Rolster throughout the entire year without picking up a single map win, KT once again thwarted SSG by eliminating them in the summer domestic playoffs in a one-sided sweep. In the Korean Regional Qualifiers, however, Ambition & Co. were able to strike back with a best-of-five victory that pried the KT Rolster monkey off their back, opening the doors to the World Championship.
"Samsung [started] from the bottom," Ambition said. "People could watch us grow, and I think that's why [they] think we're such a fun team [to watch]."
"Honestly speaking, I don't care who we meet in the [quarterfinals]," they said. "But I think Edward Gaming is the strongest out of the second-place teams from groups."
A domestic champion, IEM world champion, and on the road to a Summoner's Cup title, Ambition has nearly completed everything possible. However, one moment still sticks out: Lee "Faker" Sang-hyeok's debut game in the spring of 2013, where they solo-killed Ambition in the mid lane and almost instantly took the title of the world's best mid from that second forward. Three years later, they might finally have a chance to make amends.
"Of course I want to get revenge against Faker," they said. "But I think it's more important to win the game than focusing on [revenge]."
"I think it's not just luck [we're here]," Ambition said. "I think Samsung is one of the top teams among the 16 teams here. We're proving ourselves by our performance."
Michael Carrick has admitted finishing outside the top four is 'not unthinkable'
Michael Carrick says Manchester United players will not celebrate anything other than finishing top of the Premier League.
United have not won the top-flight title since Sir Alex Ferguson's final year in charge in 2013, and failed to qualify for the current Champions League campaign after finishing outside the top four last season.
The club is sat sixth in the table under Jose Mourinho this time around, 14 points behind leaders Chelsea, but Carrick remains adamant their United team-mates will not be popping champagne bottles until they are champions.
"It's not something we'd celebrate, if we finished third, fourth or even second," Carrick told the Mirror.
"You only celebrate when you win, but the Champions League is a big part of this club. It's where you want to play, it's where the best players want to play.
"So in terms of attracting players and all that type of stuff, the club is geared up for that, of course it is, but you can only celebrate winning, really, and finishing top."
2:37 Highlights as Manchester United beat champions Leicester City 3-0 in their last Premier League fixture Highlights as Manchester United beat champions Leicester City 3-0 in their last Premier League fixture
United could leap-frog rivals Liverpool and Arsenal if they beat Watford on Saturday, depending on other results, before turning their attention to their two-leg Europa League tie against St Etienne and an FA Cup fifth-round match against Blackburn Rovers.
Although Carrick is focused on steering United back up the Premier League table, they have warned the club may have to contemplate another season without Champions League football.
"In terms of the top four, you can't say it's unthinkable not to make it because it's there," said Carrick. "You've got to achieve it, you've got to earn it.
"We've certainly got everything there to give us the best chance of reaching that goal, but the top four has got to be the bare minimum, really."
The video you see above shows a couple Uruguay players haranguing the referees immediately after their 3-1 loss against Mexico in the Copa America on Sunday. You might imagine that the fervor of the players' protestations was piqued by the pregame national anthem gaffe, plus the shellacking Mexico just put on them, plus any of the numerous arguably questionable decisions the refs made during the game, and you'd probably be right. But it's actually oh so much deeper than even that.
Recall Mexico's go-ahead goal late on in the match, in which the Mexicans took a short corner, piddled around with the ball inside the box, before old man Rafa Márquez hammered it into the goal from a tight angle:
During the brief moments when you can see the Uruguayan players following the goal in that video, you can tell they—most notably keeper Fernando Muslera—are already upset with the linesman. Judging from their behavior, the players seem to think that the play Mexico scored on should've been blown dead seconds before, when the ball might have popped up and hit Márquez on the arm.
Advertisement
A missed handball that potentially cost your team a point would be reason enough for a player to yell at the refs after the game, but as Muslera laid out in their postgame comments, they were particularly peeved by how the offending linesman responded to their complaints about the handball. Yes, Muslera didn't take too well when, by their recollection, the linesman taunted the keeper by grabbing their nuts, Marshawn Lynch-style:
[Muslera] also explained the reasons why they lashed out at the second assistant referee, the Paraguayan Milciades Saldívar. According to the goalkeeper himself, after they appealed for the alleged handball by Márquez, the linesman responded by clutching their genitals, which provoked the reaction of the Uruguayan players, including Edinson Cavani and José María Giménez. “I know that as we are going over to complain to the assistant, they were obviously not in the game, and they respond with one hand on their genitals, saying ‘This is a handball.' They stood there, with nothing happening on our part, but they will be judged by the 450 cameras have to have been at the stadium” [...]
Advertisement
Basically, Muslera shouted at the ref, “Hey, that was a handball!” and the ref responded by cupping their nuts and replying “I've got your handball right here.” The shamelessness. The audacity. The impropriety. It's amazing. If it's true.
Muslera was wise to point out all the cameras in the stadium as the linesman's ultimate judge. According to one report, the Uruguayan soccer association has indeed found footage of the gesture in question and has sent it to the Refereeing Committee. If the images back Muslera's account, Saldívar is probably in some big trouble. Hope it was worth it. (It probably was.)
[Goal]
Last week, World Congress of Families spokesperson Don Feder joined Rick Scarborough on a Tea Party Unity conference call, where Feder got to talking about how liberals “intimidate” conservative pastors into not speaking out against gay rights.
As luck would have it, Scarborough was ready with a “very fresh and very real” anecdote to illustrate that this “threat” comes not just from gay rights activists, but from parishioners who don't want to hear about anal sex in church:
Well, let me give you a perspective that's very fresh and very real. When pastors speak on this issue, it's not just a threat that comes from the left that they fear.
I spoke in a church the last four days – I don't recall the name of the church, so maybe somebody on the line listening from that church, if they are, they're going to be very familiar with what I'm about to say – but in the second service out of five, I mentioned the word ‘anal sex' illustrating what homosexuality actually is. And I know that that's a repulsive expression, I know that nobody likes to think about it, but Christians need to understand what we're talking about. This is not a gay activity, it's a perversion. And it does carry consequences because of the nature of the act.
The one thing that the homosexual community doesn't want us to talk about is what they actually do. They love to disguise their activities with euphemisms. And the presentation they always give is some handsome, erudite young man that's a gift to society, when in fact he's committing indecent acts with consequences.
But the firestorm that one, two-word expression caused among the Christians in the church was just palpable, and consequently a segment of the church didn't come to another service of revival and just basically boycotted because they found what I said to be reprehensible. In other words, the church families don't find what they're doing reprehensible, but they put such pressure on the preachers not to even mention it that a lot of preachers have gone silent.
So, it's not just the fear of the left, it's the fear of the right, because Christians are more concerned about what their sensitive ears have to listen to than what's taking place at the high school that may be perverting their own children.
So, we've got a real challenge. Will the pastor be forced to speak to it? I sure hope so. But the reality is, a lot of the problem is in the pew as well as the pulpit.
Image caption French wheatfields, like this one near Lyon, are parched
Farmers in northern Europe are finding themselves caught between a hard place and a rock-hard place as an unusually dry spring turns to summer.
France, the EU's top wheat producer, has formed a national "drought committee", limiting water consumption in many regions and lifting curbs on the use of fallow land for grazing.
The European Commission has just approved in principle France's request for an advance on the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) payments its farmers are due to receive in December, bringing them forward to 16 October.
With parts of Europe seeing less than 40% of their long-term average rainfall between February and April, fellow EU states may follow suit.
A bad year for wheat - second only to wine as the EU's largest agricultural product - would hurt not only the farmer, but could well hit the consumer, driving up the cost of Europeans' pasta and pretzels.
"You see the root, how it's dry, how short it is?" asked rapeseed grower Pascal Seingier this week, speaking to a Reuters TV crew that came to see them on their farm near Lumigny in northern France.
"There is nothing. And the whole top of the field is like that. Fortunately that's not the case lower down. But where the earth is very shallow, where there are no water reserves, well - there you go."
'No real rain'
Cracked earth and browned leaves are visible across the Ile-de-France region, according to Reuters.
On a family farm in another part of the region, l'Essonne, Nicolas Dufour and their father Jean-Marc have also been struggling to grow rapeseed as well as wheat and barley.
Each time a shower looks like coming on, the weather turns and there isn't a drop Nicolas Dufour , French farmer
"We began to get concerned at the beginning of April after seeing March go by without any real rain," the son told France's Le Monde newspaper this month.
"There were some storms actually but the ground was too dry to benefit from them."
On the farm, they have stopped believing in rain, Nicolas said. "Each time a shower looks like coming on, the weather turns and there isn't a drop."
Ironically, Jean-Marc acquired the farm in 1976, the year of northern Europe's great drought, which they managed to survive with the aid of a loan and "a lot of elbow grease".
"When you're young and full of ambition, you tighten your belt and hang on in there," they recalled.
According to French Agriculture Minister Bruno Le Maire, the dry spell may hurt livestock farmers just as hard, as they face both a shortage of feed and rising feed prices.
And France's neighbours are having their own share of the pain:
Farmers in the south-west German region of Rhineland-Palatinate were fearing "serious financial losses" from crop failure and mounting irrigation costs, the country's Deutsche Welle website wrote earlier this month.
In the English county of Hertfordshire, cereals sown this spring have been practically wiped out, according to a Daily Telegraph report this week
France's agriculture minister declared a "significant victory" in their request for early CAP payments, while admitting they might have to ask Brussels for more emergency aid eventually.
But one official close to the European Commission was "very surprised" to hear the minister talking of a victory so long before the advance payments could be made.
Grain of comfort
Asked by BBC News Online whether the EU was facing one of its worst drought crises, the official replied it was "far too early to say".
Grain farmers can take some comfort in better prices for their produce due to high demand for EU produce after last year's crop failures in Russia and the flooding in Australia.
A warm spring has also been a boon to some fruit farmers, such as strawberry growers in the English county of Nottinghamshire, who saw their earliest crop in living memory.
But for others, the worrying thing is that this year's dry spell started early, as it did in 1976 for Jean-Marc Dufour and their generation.
Image caption The Taf Fechan reservoir in Wales was almost dry during the 1976 drought
The disastrous drought that year culminated in a heatwave during which England, for example, saw a sustained period of temperatures above 30C. Could this happen again in 2011?
The UK's Met Office avoid issuing long-term predictions, saying the public do not find them useful.
However, Meteo France is predicting above-average temperatures for that country from May to July, a pattern predicted by others across northern Europe.
"There is a good chance of temperatures significantly above normal this summer in Europe," one UK-based weather forecaster told BBC News Online.
"But 1976 was so exceptional, I wouldn't be making any parallels at the moment."
Even if the spectre of '76 recedes, much damage has already been done.
France's soft wheat output is forecast to fall by 11.5% this year compared with last, as a direct consequence of the lack of rain over the past three months, while in Germany the wheat harvest is now expected to be down 7.2% on last year.
"As time goes by the impact on crops grows stronger," a European grain trader told Reuters. "We need water, period."
Q: Rodney McGruder is just a very solid player. I think they are much better than Justise Winslow right now. -- William.
A: First, what Rodney is or isn't is a separate issue from Winslow. But Justise also is just 21, still developing. The difference is Rodney's development has come outside of the glare, in places like Hungary and the developmental league. Minutes invested in Justise at the moment are minutes invested in the future. And it's not as if the Heat are in championship mode. So the real question here, and perhaps the only question, amid this scrutiny should be this: Has Justise Winslow reached their ceiling? If you truly believe that, you move on. If not, you take last season for the wash that it was and consider this their second NBA season, or what in the old days would have been their third collegiate season. I get it, the scoring part of the game has been very, very difficult to this stage. But like a stock purchase, do you sell as soon as it goes down fearing the worst, or do you still hope to cultivate that investment? There certainly is risk-reward involved here, but this is an investment that hardly has reached maturity. Amid the rough patches, it is important to repeat this, "Justise Winslow is only 21." So for now you take the assists, the rebounds, and you, work, work, work on the shot. Which is exactly what they have been doing.
Q: Why does Erik Spoelstra have such a man crush on Rodney McGruder? I don't get it.  They are taking up minutes that should be used for developing Justise Winslow and Josh Richardson. -- Ryan, Denver.
A: And then you get questions like this. While there certainly still is a chance that Josh Richardson evolves into the opening-night starting small forward, sometimes you can have too many alphas. Moving Winslow into the starting lineup could similarly complicate the mix, with their need to handle, as they did at the end of Wednesday's exhibition Again, don't overstate someone with the Heat being a starter. Erik Spoelstra is known for their token starters. Just ask Luke Babbitt. But Rodney McGruder has been playing well enough to merit minutes somewhere in the rotation. Even Wednesday there was a quiet nine points on 4-of-8 shooting with five rebounds in 25 minutes.
Q: Bam Adebayo is playing better than Kelly Olynyk. -- Shyra.
A: Actually, playing different. Bam showed Wednesday how active a presence they can be on the block, making themselves available in the lane. Their skill set is overt. You see what you're getting. With Kelly it is a bit more subtle, but this rotation also needs that type of subtlety in the power rotation to as a balance to the force of Hassan Whiteside. Basically, Olynyk is polished, Adebayo is intriguingly raw.
CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson CAPTION Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says their team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says their team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. CAPTION Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says their team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt their team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says their team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt their team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. CAPTION Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns.
iwinderman@sunsentinel.com. Follow them at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
For daily Heat mailbag go to sun-sentinel.com/askira
Do you think tournament paintball in the united States is going towards limited paint?
Raney Stanczak of Edmonton Impact
Like everyone when I heard about limited paint, I was a bit skeptical. But then I remember when I started playing paintball they had hopper ball for a local league called Pan Am (also called Great Western). It made sense to have locals tournaments use limited paint to make it more affordable for the younger teams. Our game hasn't really messed around with the limited paint idea until now. I think it is getting out of hand with 12-13 pods and just taking away from the game. We had to set a cap for rate of fire, why not paint?
Tim Montressor of Tampa Bay Damage and Five-Star Lleida
Limited paint was a surprise to me. I thought I would really hate it. But after playing it for a week in Spain and practicing it in France. I'm not opposed to it. I do think it makes the game better in that it eliminates the "bounce" shots that are often random luck and it helps to reduce stagnant points in the game where people shoot lanes for 10 pods, creating no opportunities for movement.
Axel Gaudin of TonTons and Russian Legion
If the US goes to limited paint, I hope they will do it the same as we have in Europe to finally get the same rules everywhere. This 1st year of limited paint in Europe will give us all a good picture of what it is like with 500 paintballs (2 pods + big loader), and i think (continuing to dial it in) it will be open for discussion. But in my opinion, the amount of paint we have at the moment in Europe is perfectly fine for a good intense match of paintball.
Bobby Aviles of the LA Ironmen and Dornbirn Daltons
I enjoy shooting my marker so for me unlimited is ideal. Although I really enjoyed playing in the Millennium event with the 2 pod rule.
Ryan Smith from Houston Heat and Five-Star Lleida
Noooooo idea, but I hope so! Millennium was nice being able to move and shake, NOT just shoot bounce shots and zones. Playing games is fun, having comebacks is fun, not these 1-2 point games that have 7-10min long points. Hockey would be boring if they said “no body checks”… LET THE BOYS PLAY! People want fast aggressive action.
Chad "Yaya" Bouchez of Houston Heat
Yes, it will eventually. Give or take 2-3 years.
Blake Yarber of San Diego Dynasty and Ramstein Instinct
The U.S. Is the only country that i have notice unlimited data on phones.... So no.
Marcello Margott of San Diego Dynasty and Rangers Warsaw
Yes, I have heard that is the plan.
Kyle Spicka of San Diego Dynasty and the ML Kings
Ya as much as i don't think that paintball should head that way i feel like the league owners will motion towards that.
Greg Siewers of Houston Heat
I don't think US paintball will go to the limited paint format. I don't think the benefits would out weigh the desire or ability of the sport to change. Everything in the industry would require a complete overhaul (packs, pods, loaders, paint, etc.) Besides, like I said before, shooting your gun is one of the most fun parts of paintball. Why would we take that away from people?
Chad George from Houston Heat
I honestly can't say for sure if we will adopt limited paint in the US. I think having the millennium trying it out this year is great to see if it will help or hurt the flow of the game.
Ryan Moorhead of Houston Heat
I would say that the US leagues are obviously keeping an eye on the ongoing experiment in the Millennium series, but I don't think that there have been any solid decision on that matter yet.
Zachary Yachimec of Edmonton Impact
I think it's an idea to be flirted with. The point of limited paint is to make the game more accessible to more players, which is key to grow the sport. However, I think there are other ways to make the game more accessible right now. For example, creating a better system of regional tournaments where teams don't have to travel as much. I believe travel costs (hotels, rental cars, and flights) are a huge expense for a lot of teams.
Ryan Greenspan of San Diego Dynasty and ML Kings
The limited paint thing is also tricky. Is it beneficial? That is hard to say right now because we are still testing the waters. There has only been one major tournament in Europe that has implemented the format and a handful of regional events. This will have to take some time to test more. I do know that teams will shoot approximately 30% less paint per event, which is good for the teams. However, the tournament operators and the subsequent paint sales are going to be affected quite a bit if they are taking a cut in sales of 30%+.
In the Millennium series, they have subsidized that decrease in paint sales by increasing the entry fee. So while you think you are saving money on the paint consumption side of things, you are still spending a bit more on the entry fee. Which actually affects every player more, rather than just the teams who consume more paint. Again, that benefits only one group of people, the tournament organizers. Time will have to tell on this subject as well.
Brandon Cornell of the LA Ironmen and Comin at Ya
I do think the U.S. is heading towards a limited paint system. I believe the Millennium Series was a trial run for the rest of the leagues.
Fabrice Colombo of Tontons and Russian Legion
I think the US need to apply the limited paint for two main reasons.
First of all the bounces shots. It's not playing Paintball to shoot 5 pods on a bunker because you can shoot a guy with the bounces shots. There is any technical talent or fun to do that. Limited paint erase that huge negative point!
Secondary, no more players leaving with 9 pods in the back and shooting in a windows in cross to hold a line. This is also a huge step to improve the game to stop this.
And just because of these two big weak points, the limited paint has to come in US. The games will be faster and nice to watch. Like everyone when I heard about limited paint, I was a bit skeptical. But then I remember when I started playing paintball they had hopper ball for a local league called Pan Am (also called Great Western). It made sense to have locals tournaments use limited paint to make it more affordable for the younger teams. Our game hasn't really messed around with the limited paint idea until now. I think it is getting out of hand with 12-13 pods and just taking away from the game. We had to set a cap for rate of fire, why not paint?Limited paint was a surprise to me. I thought I would really hate it. But after playing it for a week in Spain and practicing it in France. I'm not opposed to it. I do think it makes the game better in that it eliminates the "bounce" shots that are often random luck and it helps to reduce stagnant points in the game where people shoot lanes for 10 pods, creating no opportunities for movement.If the US goes to limited paint, I hope they will do it the same as we have in Europe to finally get the same rules everywhere. This 1st year of limited paint in Europe will give us all a good picture of what it is like with 500 paintballs (2 pods + big loader), and i think (continuing to dial it in) it will be open for discussion. But in my opinion, the amount of paint we have at the moment in Europe is perfectly fine for a good intense match of paintball.I enjoy shooting my marker so for me unlimited is ideal. Although I really enjoyed playing in the Millennium event with the 2 pod rule.Noooooo idea, but I hope so! Millennium was nice being able to move and shake, NOT just shoot bounce shots and zones. Playing games is fun, having comebacks is fun, not these 1-2 point games that have 7-10min long points. Hockey would be boring if they said “no body checks”… LET THE BOYS PLAY! People want fast aggressive action.Yes, it will eventually. Give or take 2-3 years.The U.S. Is the only country that i have notice unlimited data on phones.... So no.Yes, I have heard that is the plan.Ya as much as i don't think that paintball should head that way i feel like the league owners will motion towards that.I don't think US paintball will go to the limited paint format. I don't think the benefits would out weigh the desire or ability of the sport to change. Everything in the industry would require a complete overhaul (packs, pods, loaders, paint, etc.) Besides, like I said before, shooting your gun is one of the most fun parts of paintball. Why would we take that away from people?I honestly can't say for sure if we will adopt limited paint in the US. I think having the millennium trying it out this year is great to see if it will help or hurt the flow of the game.I would say that the US leagues are obviously keeping an eye on the ongoing experiment in the Millennium series, but I don't think that there have been any solid decision on that matter yet.I think it's an idea to be flirted with. The point of limited paint is to make the game more accessible to more players, which is key to grow the sport. However, I think there are other ways to make the game more accessible right now. For example, creating a better system of regional tournaments where teams don't have to travel as much. I believe travel costs (hotels, rental cars, and flights) are a huge expense for a lot of teams.The limited paint thing is also tricky. Is it beneficial? That is hard to say right now because we are still testing the waters. There has only been one major tournament in Europe that has implemented the format and a handful of regional events. This will have to take some time to test more. I do know that teams will shoot approximately 30% less paint per event, which is good for the teams. However, the tournament operators and the subsequent paint sales are going to be affected quite a bit if they are taking a cut in sales of 30%+.In the Millennium series, they have subsidized that decrease in paint sales by increasing the entry fee. So while you think you are saving money on the paint consumption side of things, you are still spending a bit more on the entry fee. Which actually affects every player more, rather than just the teams who consume more paint. Again, that benefits only one group of people, the tournament organizers. Time will have to tell on this subject as well.I do think the U.S. is heading towards a limited paint system. I believe the Millennium Series was a trial run for the rest of the leagues.I think the US need to apply the limited paint for two main reasons.First of all the bounces shots. It's not playing Paintball to shoot 5 pods on a bunker because you can shoot a guy with the bounces shots. There is any technical talent or fun to do that. Limited paint erase that huge negative point!Secondary, no more players leaving with 9 pods in the back and shooting in a windows in cross to hold a line. This is also a huge step to improve the game to stop this.And just because of these two big weak points, the limited paint has to come in US. The games will be faster and nice to watch.
Your questions are answered in the PbNation FAQ. Ask a Mod.
We deserve better villains.
"I have not seen an automag shot in anger in 10 years." Tom Cole
Most of my current guns. | Pro Player Jersey Sale. | 3rd Party Services. __________________
WASHINGTON: NASA's Mars rover, Curiosity, is parked at a sandpit and ready to scoop up soil to clean and test its geological sampling hardware, NASA says.
These will be the first solid samples put through Curiosity's collection and processing tool set - a task central to determining whether Mars ever harboured life, NASA officials said.
This image provided by NASA shows shows a Martian rock outcrop near the landing site of the rover Curiosity thought to be the site of an ancient streambed, next to similar rocks shown on earth. Credit:AP/NASA
Project team members said they were excited to get started, but planned to proceed with caution. ''Because this is such an important capability, kind of the keystone of the rover mission, we're being deliberately, incredibly careful,'' said the lead systems engineer, Daniel Limonadi.
Step one will be to use sand to scrape off the earth-born film that would taint any future testing.
The following list contains 33 of my favorite inspirational and motivational YouTube videos. Each video clip tells a different tale, a unique story conveying subtle lessons about life, love, happiness and success. I've been bookmarking these slowly over the course of a year or so. Each one is certainly worth watching at least once. Enjoy.
1. Life and Music
Life Lesson: Don't sacrifice your life for someone else's idea of success.
2. Commencement Address by Steve Jobs
Life Lesson: Find what you love, trust in your instincts, and follow your heart.
3. Ninja Almost Defeated by a Bug
Life Lesson: Change your thoughts to change your world.
4. Randy Pausch's Last Lecture
Life Lesson: Be honest, be tolerant, and lead a life you are proud of.
5. Amazing Shadow Puppets
Life Lesson: Genius is found in simplicity.
6. Al Pacino's Inches Speech
Life Lesson: Short consistent steps in a positive direction will eventually lead you to victory.
7. Organized Laughter Yoga
Life Lesson: Laughter and happiness can be contagious.
8. Autistic Anthem Singer Gets Help in Boston
Life Lesson: Genuine kindness and hope exists in humanity.
9. Mind-Movie for Success
Life Lesson: It's up to you. Take the first step. Do it.
10. SPIN of Life
Life Lesson: You may fail several times before you succeed. So always be aware, and learn from your mistakes.
11. Love vs. Fear
Life Lesson: Fear is a short-term fix. Love is a long-term solution.
12. Disabled Athletes
Life Lesson: No disability is an excuse for not trying.
13. Michael Jordan Motivational
Life Lesson: In order to succeed, you must be willing to fail.
14. Patrick Henry Hughes Inspires
Life Lesson: Everyone has a gift, it just needs to be found and unleashed.
15. Elite Skateboarding Tricks
Life Lesson: Practice DOES make perfect.
16. Braveheart Freedom Speech
Life Lesson: There is no greater gift than that of freedom.
17. Motivation Magic
Life Lesson: The secret to personal success is personal passion.
18. Frozen in Grand Central
Life Lesson: Great things can be achieved if we work together.
19. Elements of Greatness
Life Lesson: You must answer certain questions for yourself if you are to realize your dreams.
20. One in a Million Shot
Life Lesson: Small miracles can occur.
21. Turn a Paperclip into a New House
Life Lesson: A big heart and a little persistance goes a long way.
22. 212 Degrees – The Extra Degree
Life Lesson: One extra degree of effort is the difference between good and great.
23. Hoosiers Motivational Speech
Life Lesson: When you truly strive to be the best you can be, you are a winner regardless of what the scoreboard reads.
24. The Don't Quit Poem
Life Lesson: Never quit. You are probably closer than you think.
25. Yes We Can
Life Lesson: The first step is believing.
26. Woman With No Arms
Life Lesson: Passion and determination can allow anyone to overcome their physical limitations.
27. J.K. Rowling A&E Biography Part 1
Life Lesson: It is possible to start an empire with nothing more than a dream.
28. A Good Cop
Life Lesson: There are sincere human beings in law enforcement who truly want to help you.
29. Baboon Escapes Death
Life Lesson: No matter how hopeless it seems, never give up!
30. Paul Potts Sings
Life Lesson: You cannot judge someone's talents just by looking at them.
31. Body Over Mind
Life Lesson: The health of your body is equally important as the health of your mind.
32. Autistic 3 Pointers
Life Lesson: Sometimes all someone needs is to be given a chance.
33. Blind Painter
Life Lesson: Tragedies can open new doors of vision.
BONUS: The Awareness Test
Life Lesson: It's quite easy to overlook the obvious.
A couple of weeks ago, I got an e-mail asking if I'd like to go to a butchering class. Really? Of course I would! And more importantly, I could pass this off as a Valentine's Day present for Lon. Lon loves butchery!
It get's better. Jeffrey's Meat Market 120 Essex Street, New York, NY 10002 (inside Essex Street Market) holds a class every weekend, rotating through pig, beef, lamb, fowl, and I got to choose.
First Jeffrey Ruhalter ushers the class over to Tra La La Juice Bar 120 Essex Street, New York, NY 10002, insisting we try the muffins (included in the cost of the course). The muffins were as wonderful as they promised, rustic with random large chunks of pear in mine, banana in Lon's. I would never have thought of not chopping the nuts in the muffin but these whole pieces worked. It tasted natural and fresh. They were still warm from the oven and a steal at $2. Not to be missed.
With the snow, this was a small class of four: me and Lon, Mike who received this class as a present from their wife, and Andrew who is contemplating a career in butchery. Lucky for us, that meant we would get some hands-on cutting. (Usually it's just watch-and-learn)
This is a two minute re-cap of a 3+ hours class.
*If you're squeamish about animal parts, do not watch the video!
The video doesn't show all of the tastings, so don't plan on eating lunch after this class. We tasted from:
a huge platter of cold cuts and cheeses;
roasted Boston butt with Latin flavoring and crispy skin;
roasted neck bone;
dry-aged porterhouse steak; and,
pork chops in olive oil
Following Emeril Lagasse's lead, sanitation is thrown to the wind, but what Jeffrey lacks in cross contamination prevention, they make up for in generosity.  They are determined to make sure you leave with more than you could have imagined. In fact, looking at the price of $75 per person, and counting the tastings and portions you take home (seems like each person got at least 5 lbs), we figure there is no way Jeffrey can even break. What is this, a charity?
I wouldn't be surprised. Jeffrey was giving samples to all that passed, including vagrants, and it started becoming apparent that these stragglers knew them and came to them regularly.
As Jeffrey finished up the class, they decided to do more than just give me some pork, they were going to prepare the rack of pork for us. They took it off the bone, filleted it, and layered it with proscuitto, sweet and hot peppers, and gruyere. They rolled it up and tied it back onto the rack, finishing off with garlic, parmesan, and paprika. Beautiful and we had never seen this before.
The next day, we covered the bones with some aluminum foil and put the rack on top of some carrots, and roasted it at 300 degrees F for about 60 to 70 minutes, or until it reached 140 degrees F. I let it rest for 1o minutes (as it carries to 145 degrees F) before slicing it. It was perfect with some roasted potatoes.
While the class is fairly disorganized (at various times the four of us weren't sure what to do or where to go), and Essex Street Market can be a bit of a circus, overall it was a unique experience that we both enjoyed. So even though we were invited to join this class gratis, it's an easy decision to gladly pay for the next one. The only hard decisions are lamb or cow?
posted by jessica at 11:45 AM
Filed under American and New American, Restaurants, Shopping, Video. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Milk, eggs and bacon have expiration dates and so, delightfully, does debt.
Creditors and third-party debt collectors typically have around six years to track down consumers and sue them. They don't typically go that far when the magic date arrives, but if they do, consumers can ask a judge to dismiss their cases based on their state's statute of limitations.
Pat O'Connor wasn't aware of the timeline until their husband, John Miller, received a letter recently from a debt collection agency asking them to pay a "settlement offer" of $68.19, graciously cut down from a $136.38 balance once owed to AT&T Broadband.
The problem, O'Connor ranted to The Desk, is that they'd never been customers.
The Desk suggested O'Connor ask the collector, Credit Bureau Collection Services Inc., to attach a date to the account. The year, 2000, it turns out, was a debtor's equivalent to a darn stinky pint of sour cream.
In Oregon and Washington, the statute of limitations on debt from written contracts is six years from the account's last activity. Statutes vary state to state; for instance, the limit on credit card debt is three years in Washington and six in Oregon.
O'Connor might be dealing with what folks in the credit counseling community call a zombie or scavenger debt collector. These bill collectors buy up old, typically charged-off accounts for a fraction of the original amount and try to track down the debt -- often after it has or is about to expire and sometimes, even after it's already been paid.
Receive a collections letter that doesn't compute? Jog your memory with a look at your credit reports (access free reports from Equifax, Experian and Transunion yearly at annualcreditreport.com). If the debt isn't listed, that's an indicator that something may be fishy, said Jan Safley, director of Consumer Credit Counseling Services of Southern Oregon.
<div style='border-style: solid; border-color: #333; border-width: 4px 1px 1px; margin: 0pt 0pt 15px 15px; padding: 15px; font-family: Georgia,serif; font-size: 13px; line-height: 16px; color: #333; width: 150px; float: right; background-color: #f1f1f1;'><div style='font-size: 17px; font-weight: bold; color: #900;margin-bottom:12px;'>Questionable mail?
</div>
If you receive something suspicious in the mail — say an offer for an auto warranty or mortgage insurance — contact the U.S. Postal Inspection Service. The federal agency accepts consumer complaints and can provide the complaint history of a mailing that's potentially fraudulent: Details: postalinspectors.uspis.gov/ or 877-876-2455.</div>
If the debt is listed, check the date noted as the account's last transaction.
"This is just a huge issue right now," said Safley. They note that consumers feel particularly vulnerable in this economy and that people who have good credit or who are attempting to repair a low score may pay off an outstanding account just to be safe.
"That just encourages these guys who buy up all this debt real cheap," they said. "If they can get just a few people to send them money, it's pretty lucrative."
And, like in the movies, zombies can be tricky.
Debt collectors may be able to reset the timeline if they can get consumers to admit the debt is theirs or persuade them to pay some small amount of it.
Safley and others recommend that you write -- don't call -- to dispute a claim and ask for proof of the debt. For a sample of what such a letter might look like, search online for "debt validation letter."
If consumers know the debt is theirs and decide to pay a portion of it, make sure to get the deal in writing, they said. Sometimes another collector will buy up the remaining debt and come back asking for the full amount. Also, they said, know that paying partial amounts will hurt your credit score and means you must report the gift -- yep, that's the wording for the difference between what you owed and what you agreed to pay -- to the IRS.
To be sure, in O'Connor's case, CBCS simply may have gone after the wrong person for a valid debt. The Desk's calls to CBCS to get at why it was looking to collect on a nine-year-old bill were not returned.
O'Connor informed the firm in writing within 30 days of receiving the letter that CBCS had the wrong person and that the contact should end there. If not, a tweak to the state's debt collection laws will allow the Oregon attorney general to follow up with the company if it makes repeated attempts to contact O'Connor after being notified it had the wrong person.
Although the Columbus, Ohio-based company is legitimate, it has racked up a raft of consumer complaints in recent years.
The Ohio attorney general's office has collected 516 consumer complaints against CBCS since September 2004, while the national Better Business Bureau has received 652 in the past 36 months, of which 586 pertained to billing and collection issues.
Oregonians have filed 16 complaints with the state's AG office, all with similar issues as O'Connor's. Online, dozens of consumers compare stories about receiving similar letters -- all with balances from companies with which they've never done business.
Have your own consumer complaint? Contact Laura Gunderson at The Desk: 503-221-8378 or Read The Desk online at blog.oregonlive.com/complaintdesk
Although there is no such thing as a curse, it would be fair to say that some people involved with Team USA will be starting to feel slightly uneasy about their passage to the FIBA Basketball World Cup, taking place in Spain later this month and September. There have been numerous injuries and problems with the squad, which has seen many key players being removed from the squad in the lead up to the event. The latest blow to hit the American team in their preparations has been the fact that DeMarcus Cousins has picked up an injury which could see them sitting out of the warmup match versus Brazil.
At this moment in time, there is nothing to suggest that Cousins has suffered an injury that would force them out of the tournament. However, there is no doubt that picking up an injury with the squad still to be finalised could see Cousins struggling to make the final cut. At the moment, this is still very much up in the air but when you think about the amount of injuries and call-offs the American squad has already suffered; you have to wonder where it will all end?
Another blow to Team USA, albeit one that is slightly more psychological as opposed to physical is the news that FIBA will not allow Team USA to wear patches commemorating Paul George, in official matches. It has to be said that the decision to wear patches seems over the top, players get injured all of the time, and it is not as though George is the only US player to have suffered an injury in the run-up to the tournament which has seen them ruled out. If Cousins was unable to recover from their injury, would Team USA also want to mark the player's absence with a patch.
The reaction of the Brazil squad to Neymar's injury at the World Cup, akin to the reaction you would expect after a player had passed away, and the Paul George reaction, shows that sporting stars are becoming too embroiled in the need to show their respect at moments like this. It is part of modern culture, with social media leading to a lot more grief and outpouring of emotions, but at times, it can be questioned whether this is the right thing for athletes to do.
Brazil suffered at the FIFA World Cup with the same attitude
The Brazilian team at the semi-final of the World Cup looked far more focused on creating a tribute to Neymar than they were on playing the actual game. Germany took advantage of this and provided the host nation with a football lesson that has left them reeling. It is not as likely that any team will hand out a mauling of Team USA in Spain but there is a growing sense of the American attitude not being right for this summer tournament.
It can both work ways. The American player may be very motivated to go out and win the event to mark the effort of their fallen comrades, or they could be too motivated or not focused enough on tactics to go and play their proper game. Anyone looking to bet on FIBA World Cup games will have to focus on the motivation aspect of players and whether they are in the right frame of mind to play.
Team USA remain the favourites for the 2014 FIBA World but with every passing day, it seems as though there is something else getting in their way.
by DAVE MARTINEZ
The New York Red Bulls may have dropped their last match against the New England Revolution, but they woke up winners on Sunday morning.
Whether looking at the race for the top spot in the Eastern Conference or the Supporters' Shield race, the Red Bulls chances have been buoyed in both arenas thanks to several helpful results this weekend
As it currently stands, a win over the Portland Timbers Sunday afternoon will put them atop of both the Eastern Conference and Shield races.
In the Eastern Conference, both DC United and New England suffered defeat on Saturday. DC fell to the resurgent Columbus Crew 2-1 at RFK Stadium while the red-hot Montreal Impact downed the Revolution 3-0 at Stade Saputo. With the victory, the Columbus Crew now hold the top spot in the East (13W, 9L, 8D 47 pts.), with the Revolution in second place (46 pts.), followed by the Red Bulls and DC United at 45 pts. a piece.
A major advantage for the Red Bulls? They have three games in hand on all three Eastern Conference powers heading into Sunday's encounter against the Portland Timbers. A victory this weekend propels them into first in the East — with two games in hand.
As for the Supporters Shield race, the asupervisorstioned DC and New England fell, as did the LA Galaxy, FC Dallas and the Vancouver Whitecaps. A win over Portland puts New York at 48 points — tied with the Vancouver Whitecaps for the Shield lead.
One of the things the bitcoin ecosystem lacks is transactional privacy. It is nearly impossible for users to maintain their privacy while using bitcoin. For most people, that is anything but a problem, though. The Stratis team, on the other hand, feels the time is now to introduce additional privacy features. To do so, the team announced the Breeze Wallet, which is quite an ambitious blockchain project.
To put this news into perspective, Breeze Wallet will offer multiple benefits. First of all, it will provide financial privacy through the TumbleBit protocol. Secondly, it introduces scaling benefits as a payment hub. This entire project is compatible with the bitcoin protocol in its current form and offers some intriguing development progress, to say the least. Stratis Group acknowledges the project is quite ambitious yet vital to the future of blockchain technology.
Breeze Wallet Offers More Bitcoin Privacy
Breeze Wallet will be the first solution to bring a graphical user interface to the TumbleBit protocol. Up until now, this has not been available in a convenient manner. TumbleBit is in a prime position to introduce financial privacy to bitcoin and other blockchain-based projects. Stratis will enjoy these features as well, as privacy enhancements are more than welcome to the project as well. All of this is made possible thanks to the Full Block Secure Payment validation system.
Stratis brings more competition to the world of bitcoin wallets with this new project. Breeze Wallet will be the first to address privacy features without requiring hard or soft forks, according to the Stratis team. Moreover, the Stratis blockchain will be extended to support their iteration of TumbleBit as well. Adding more privacy to any blockchain – public or private – can only be seen as a positive development, all things considered.
Some people may wonder why the Stratis team chose TumbleBit specifically. With its unlinkable transactions and no central party to trust, it is one of the premier tumbling services in the bitcoin world. Moreover, TumbleBit is compatible with the bitcoin protocol, which makes it the only viable choice for this type of purpose. Development of Breeze Wallet is underway as we speak, although no ETA has been provided at this time.
Moreover, the team is hopeful the integration of TumbleBit benefits the trustless bitcoin-to-Stratis exchange protocol. This will expose Stratis to millions of BTC users around the world. Enhanced privacy is in great demand among bitcoin users and Breeze Wallet may be the solution a lot of people have been looking for. Only time will tell if this project can gain any major traction moving forward.
For a time on Friday afternoon it appeared the website of Vice President Mike Pence had been hacked. Alas, this was not their official website—officialmikepence.com appears to be an imposter made to play on recent reports that Pence is privately eyeing the presidency as the pressure mounts on President Trump. MikePence.com redirects to Trump's website. Nonetheless, the imposter is hilarious:
someone hacked mike pence's official website and it is a work of art pic.twitter.com/VccQB3lCxq — 🌚 (@suzaaaaaaaaa) August 11, 2017
The references to Pence's retrograde views on LGBTQ+ rights, as well as their horrifying habit of (allegedly) addressing their wife as "Mother," are very much appreciated. Unfortunately, though, this is a distant second among this year's greatest website scams. The trophy goes to the Harvard Crimson takeover that went down when Mark Zuckerberg swung by the university to give a commencement speech this year. The stories placed on the homepage were fairly legendary:
In the meantime, let's not think about the prospect of the vice president saying, "Mother, mother, who prepared our meal this evening?" to their wife across a crowded dinner table.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story said Vice President Mike Pence's official website had been hacked. This was not the case. We were duped. Sorry for the confusion.
WASHINGTON — Roger Daltrey would do nearly anything for their teen cancer charity — even sit through an hour of Congress-speak about how to pass a medical cures bill.
The lead singer for The Who came to Capitol Hill Wednesday as the star panelist in a discussion of efforts by the House and Senate to pass legislation that might lead to faster medical cures. Daltrey joined the House Republicans and Democrats at the event, hosted by the House Energy and Commerce Committee, to urge the Senate to pass its own medical cures bills now that the House has passed its version. “Pull your finger out, Senate,” Daltrey said.
But Daltrey was also there to promote Teen Cancer America, the charity they started with Pete Townshend, The Who's songwriter and guitarist, to encourage hospitals to build special wards specifically for teenage cancer patients.
advertisement
Daltrey, now 72, sat down with STAT after the panel discussion to explain their interest in teen cancer — which started with their involvement in a British charity, Teenage Cancer Trust — and their views on the biggest medical initiatives in Washington, including the House-passed 21st Century Cures Act and Vice President Joe Biden's cancer “moonshot” effort.
They even acknowledged one casualty of their years of high-decibel stadium shows: They asked to do the interview in a corner of the briefing room so they could hear better. “It's my hearing — I'm in a rock band,” they explained with a laugh.
The transcript of the interview has been lightly edited and condensed.
What got you interested in teen cancer in the first place? It's such a specific situation with cancer.
The whole charity movement was started by my doctor, and when they told me the idea, I just thought, it just makes so much sense. I remember my teenage years, and I remember how isolated I felt as a teenager. You know, you didn't quite fit anywhere. And I was into music, no one else was, you know, all those things. You get all those paranoid insecurities that teenagers have.
And I couldn't have dreamt of a worse situation than being diagnosed with cancer at the age of 15 and then being stuck in a room with 3- or 4-year-olds and isolated. Because isolation for that age group is one of the worst things you can do to them.
Today, all the dreams that they're dreaming for their future … when they're diagnosed with cancer, all of that comes to a halt in this system. And it shouldn't be. You know, if a child deserves a teddy bear to keep them happy, then facilities can be provided quite easily for treatment to make this experience for teenagers going through these dreadful experiences a lot better.
So how does that help research into better treatments for teen cancer?
Because it will isolate them and make it easier to focus on them as a group. At the moment, they're all treated as children, or when they're over 18, they're heaped with the adults. … As soon as you've got them isolated within the hospital system, it will be much easier to focus. And the medical practitioners of both camps, adult and pediatric, they will be, you know, working side by side.
And just by that thing alone, things develop. They just do. It's the way we are as people. You say something by accident, or you do something by accident, and something happens. And then that pushes energy on somewhere else. And who knows what the possibilities will be?
You know, they had to fight to get the children's hospital. And we've started with cancer because it's much more common than you realize in teenagers. About every hour, there's one diagnosed. And they do get the rarest, most aggressive cancers. I mean, horrible cancers. And they're very, very hard to treat because they're not physiologically the same as children or adults.
So everything has to be fought for in the system, and I just think we'll make it a lot easier if they start to now.
So what do you think of the Cures bill in general? Do you think they're going about it the right way?
I think they're going about it the only way you can in your system. I think, you know, the process of government now and legislation, especially when it comes to drugs, is so complicated. You're in a “sue” culture. All of those components make any legislation so difficult.
Realistically, they're doing an admirable job. And to see the two sides of the House together, I just think it's so needed in America. There's too much division. America needs to come together. It's a very dangerous world out there. And this is one area that they are. And it's great to see, and I applaud them for it.
What do you think about Vice President Biden's cancer moonshot effort? They say their ultimate goal is to end cancer.
It's really complicated. It's a great idea. I don't know realistically whether they'll ever find a silver bullet [for cancer], because it's so malicious, it changes … I think the main thing is to improve the lives of people with it.
And let's be honest — do we really want to keep people alive until they're 150? Can you imagine what kind of world that would be? We're already in the way at my age group — we're already in the way of this young age group. No, it's true. As long as you've got good health … we shouldn't be so worried about dying. It's not an exit — it's an entrance.
You raise the money for Teen Cancer America through a portion of the ticket sales, and you sell your microphones?
I sell my microphones after every show. … They go for anything from $5 to $10,000 each. And it all helps. You'd be surprised what you can get done when you put your mind [to it]. Maybe we'll start selling the ground we walk on. (Laughs)
Split director M. Night Shyamalan has taken to social media to finally announce their long-awaited Unbreakable sequel with the movie's official title and a 2019 release date! Come take a look!
Unlike their most recent release, Split, which, due to its brilliant marketing campaign, managed to successfully fly under the radars of many superhero movie aficionados, director M. Night
Shaymalan
is being a lot more forthcoming with their next directorial venture, which they themselves have confirmed will be a sequel to both Split and their 2000 cult classic Unbreakable.
They took to Twitter earlier this afternoon to announce that they have completed the first draft of the film's script and revealed that Golden Globe-winner Bruce Willis (Die Hard), Academy Award-nominee Samuel L. Jackson (Avengers: Infinity War), Golden Globe-nominee James McAvoy (X-Men), and Anya Taylor Joy (Thoroughbred) will all be back for the sequel, reprising their roles from the previous two films.
Shaymalan
Getting the license agreements in place to sell content such as music and apps seems to be the greatest hurdle for a digital store in South Africa.
While many have blamed organisations such as the Recording Industry of South Africa (RiSA) and the Film and Publications Board (FPB), both organisations have offered good answers to the allegations made against them when it comes to digital content.
Video games on digital content delivery systems
For example, the FPB is responsible for giving age restrictions to not just movies and books, but video games as well. As such, the lack of games in the Apple App Store was laid at their feet.
However, the FPB explained that no game developer or publisher, nor Apple had approached them to express concerns with South Africa's ratings system.
Curious about why platforms such as Steam and the Android Market don't seem to have any qualms about delivering content in South Africa, we asked Nicholas Hall from Michalsons Attorneys for their take on the issue. According to Hall, there is an argument for online stores like Steam to be exempt from FPB ratings requirements if they deliver their content through a network provider with an ICASA license.
Considering that many Internet service providers have their own Steam servers and ECNS licenses, Steam could be considered exempt from needing FPB ratings for the games it sells.
Digital music
Another oddity in South Africa is the lack of music on a large online store such as iTunes while Nokia's Ovi Music and DStv's OMusic sell music from international and local artists.
RiSA's operations director, David du Plessis, said that they don't enter into the picture at all when it comes to license agreements for online stores to distribute content. Negotiations between aggregators like Nokia and rights holders are not conducted on a collective basis, but individually, du Plessis explained.
Such licensing agreements, conducted across most creative industries, are usually quite an in-depth and involved process, said Nokia service manager, Dominique Silva.
Silva explained that to get local artists on the store we have structured agreements with a few key local digital content distributors; sometimes key labels, sometimes a company with a collection of labels and independent artists.
“We do this so our local artists can come as direct to us as possible and so local labels and artists make as much money from the deal as possible,” said Silva. “If an artist is keen to get on the store, we usually guide them to a selection of content distributors, both local and international, so they can investigate and then select a distribution deal that suits them. This is usually this quickest and most effective way of getting them on to the store.”
If getting content available through international digital stores is just about licensing agreements, then perhaps something else has hamstrung the process.
Something like South Africa's 33 year old copyright act, for instance.
So what is holding back digital music distribution?
Not so, according to both RiSA and Nokia.
Du Plessis said that in their personal opinion, the digital divide in the country is more likely to make investors think twice, than any perception that may exist about South Africa's copyright legislation, and that our copyright legislation as it currently stands, does not serve as any barrier of entry.
Nokia's Silva also said that getting the rights to sell music locally is not more complicated, but similar to other license agreements.
Silva went on to list three hurdles to digital content distribution that apply to SA:
Globally, music licensing is a difficult process. Education of both the artists and labels: When a new album is released, everyone in the chain needs to be much more aggressive in pushing and promoting the digital channels for music – from the retailer to the artist. Cost of data and bandwidth.
To the first barrier, Silva said that getting the license agreements is always tricky, but that they have tried to make sure that they streamline it as much as possible and make sure as much money goes to the local label, and hopefully therefore the artist, as possible.
Secondly, Silva said that online retailers can push as hard as they like, but the artists and labels themselves need to push their digital releases as hard as their physical releases to make sure customers buy their music legally.
Finally, cheaper data and bandwidth would go a long way to increasing the consumptions of digital music, “As with so many other digital businesses in South Africa,” Silva said.
Related articles
Illegal digital distribution in SA analysed
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A woman in Sacramento, California who this week carried a human skull on a stick through the streets has prompted an investigation into the identity of the deceased and the cause of death, police said on Friday.
Sacramento Police Department officers on Wednesday responded to the 2900 block of Connie Drive after receiving reports of a woman walking down the street with the skull.
When stopped by police, the woman led them to a nearby abandoned homeless camp where they found the skull. Police soon discovered a decomposed body in the vacant lot, they said.
“Detectives have not released the name of the woman who was in possession of the skull and they have not been charged with anything at this time,” the police department said in a statement.
“Foul play has not been determined, therefore we are awaiting the Sacramento County Coroner's report for further information.”
The coroner's report is expected to be released next week.
This year's awards were dominated by "Get Out," which pulled in three big wins, but "Call Me by Your Name" prevailed as Best Feature.
And we're off to the races! The Independent Filmmaker Project (IFP) officially kicked off the 2017-18 awards season with this evening's 27th Annual Gotham Awards, which took place at Cipriani Wall Street in New York City and were hosted by John Cameron Mitchell.
Jordan Peele's “Get Out” proved to be the night's biggest winner, with three wins, including Best Screenplay, the Audience Award, and Breakthrough Director. Luca Guadagnino's “Call Me by Your Name” proved victorious in the Best Feature category, winning out against a stacked list of competitors. Earlier in the night, star Timothee Chalamet won the Breakthrough Actor award for their star-making turn in the romance.
The ceremony's nomination list was studded with some of the year's most beloved indies, including “Get Out,” “Call Me by Your Name,” Greta Gerwig's “Lady Bird,” Kogonada's “Columbus,” and Sean Baker's “The Florida Project.”
In addition to the competitive awards, Gotham Award Tributes were given to actors Nicole Kidman and Dustin Hoffman, director Sofia Coppola, producer Jason Blum, cinematographer Ed Lachman, and a Gotham Humanitarian Tribute to Al Gore. This year's nomination jury included IndieWire's own Jude Dry, David Ehrlich, Eric Kohn, and Liz Shannon Miller.
Check out all of the winners of the 2017 IFP Gotham Awards below (and indicated in bold and underlined font).
Best Feature
“Call Me by Your Name”
“The Florida Project”
“Get Out”
“Good Time”
“I, Tonya”
Best Documentary
“Ex Libris – The New York Public Library”
“Rat Film”
“Strong Island”
“Whose Streets?”
“The Work”
Audience Award
“Get Out”
Bingham Ray Breakthrough Director Award
Maggie Betts for “Novitiate”
Greta Gerwig for “Lady Bird”
Kogonada for “Columbus”
Jordan Peele for “Get Out”
Joshua Z Weinstein for “Menashe”
Best Screenplay
“The Big Sick,” Emily V. Gordon and Kumail Nanjiani
“Brad's Status,” Mike White
“Call Me by Your Name,”James Ivory
“Columbus,” Kogonada
“Get Out,” Jordan Peele
“Lady Bird,” Greta Gerwig
Best Actor
James Franco, “The Disaster Artist”
Willem Dafoe, “The Florida Project”
Daniel Kaluuya, “Get Out”
Robert Pattinson, “Good Time”
Harry Dean Stanton, “Lucky”
Adam Sandler, “The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected)”
Best Actress
Haley Lu Richardson, “Columbus”
Melanie Lynskey, “i don't feel at home in this world anymore.”
Margot Robbie, “I, Tonya”
Saorise Ronan, “Lady Bird”
Lois Smith, “Marjorie Prime”
Special Jury Award For Ensemble Performance
“Mudbound,” presented to Carey Mulligan, Garrett Hedlund, Jason Clarke, Jason Mitchell, Mary J. Blige, Rob Morgan, and Jonathan Banks
Made in NY Honoree
Michael K. Williams
Breakthrough Actor
Mary J. Blige, “Mudbound”
Timothée Chalamet, “Call Me by Your Name”
Harris Dickinson, “Beach Rats”
Kelvin Harrison, Jr., “It Comes at Night”
Brooklynn Prince, “The Florida Project”
Breakthrough Series – Long Form
“Atlanta”
“Better Things”
“Dear White People”
“Fleabag”
“Search Party”
Breakthrough Series – Short Form
“555”
“Inconceivable”
“Junior”
“Let Me Die a Nun”
“The Strange Eyes of Dr. Myes”
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Stats based on all the characters currently released in the Japanese Version.
Level 65 Image
Character Realm HP Attack Defense Magic Resist Mnd Acc Eva Spd Tyro JOB 5504 107 106 106 106 106 24 24 120 Warrior of the Light FF1 6439 163 165 97 113 91 24 24 109 Wol FF1 5594 164 116 98 121 110 24 31 167 Echo FF1 4117 75 86 183 162 91 24 24 140 Sarah FF1 4169 79 79 165 163 172 24 24 123 Garland FF1 6069 173 130 124 116 88 23 24 108 Maria FF2 4592 128 95 172 152 140 24 24 130 Leon FF2 5819 158 163 136 103 113 23 24 132 Firion FF2 5469 168 116 118 110 118 23 24 126 Minwu FF2 4697 101 83 133 142 178 23 24 136 Luneth FF3 5542 165 157 95 89 98 24 24 134 Refia FF3 5275 163 99 103 116 118 24 24 159 Arc FF3 4222 101 96 160 160 168 23 24 136 Ingus FF3 6228 156 173 95 124 110 24 24 111 Rydia FF4 4169 98 85 182 158 133 24 24 136 Cecil (DK) FF4 6526 177 125 95 98 118 23 24 112 Cecil (Paladin) FF4 6254 158 175 95 121 118 23 24 112 Porom FF4 4117 75 93 188 164 183 23 24 136 Palom FF4 4117 91 83 121 160 133 24 24 136 Lenna FF5 4220 101 83 143 137 179 23 24 136 Galuf FF5 5957 160 137 128 128 124 24 24 159 Bartz FF5 5589 170 125 118 110 118 23 31 138 Gilgamesh FF5 6484 160 169 150 124 116 24 24 159 Faris FF5 4906 152 98 98 113 110 24 30 174 Terra FF6 5278 110 95 182 158 121 24 24 136 Locke FF6 5806 167 112 98 121 110 24 31 174 Celes FF6 5546 163 115 158 182 121 24 24 136 Shadow FF6 5542 167 106 133 128 110 24 30 174 Relm FF6 4222 96 83 160 154 174 23 24 136 Cyan FF6 5647 169 129 107 107 121 24 24 137 Edgar FF6 6053 164 170 98 121 118 24 23 126 Sabin FF6 6254 168 137 95 95 118 24 24 151 Gau FF6 5568 165 110 140 98 133 24 27 160 Sephiroth FF7 5982 186 127 121 124 121 23 23 143 Cloud FF7 5438 170 125 95 121 118 23 24 139 Tifa FF7 5356 169 133 121 121 118 24 28 167 Aerith FF7 4222 98 83 146 125 175 23 24 136 Zach FF7 5448 173 113 118 128 113 26 28 161 Red XIII FF7 5438 149 143 146 118 118 24 24 156 Reno FF7 5372 148 120 156 140 85 24 24 151 Yuffie FF7 5138 160 106 156 103 110 23 30 174 Vincent FF7 4486 158 67 178 76 73 29 24 157 Barrett FF7 5627 152 119 85 107 121 24 24 112 Cid FF7 5574 165 138 116 110 113 24 23 144 Cait Sith FF7 5101 133 123 163 146 172 23 27 134 Squall FF8 5492 170 113 118 121 118 23 24 126 Quistis FF8 4750 135 95 157 140 121 24 24 136 Selphie FF8 4645 98 89 146 148 174 23 24 136 Rinoa FF8 4750 117 95 175 128 121 24 24 136 Zell FF8 5438 163 118 107 114 118 24 26 173 Edea FF8 4486 101 86 188 133 49 24 24 118 Irvine FF8 Seifer FF8 Laguna FF8 5438 168 109 100 121 113 23 24 134 Zidane FF9 5568 168 116 98 110 110 24 31 174 Eiko FF9 4169 79 79 165 163 172 24 24 123 Garnet FF9 4750 95 85 179 150 163 24 24 136 Vivi FF9 4117 75 86 188 174 91 24 24 129 Steiner FF9 6492 162 168 95 113 121 24 24 111 Beatrix FF9 5784 173 154 95 113 140 24 24 114 Kuja FF9 4649 73 95 183 133 158 24 24 145 Amarant FF9 Freya FF9 Quina FF9 Tidus FF10 5438 168 113 118 110 118 23 31 167 Wakka FF10 4750 146 100 118 118 121 28 24 137 Yuna FF10 4750 83 91 169 152 169 24 24 136 Auron FF10 5710 173 142 107 98 107 23 24 112 Lulu FF10 4486 75 86 188 158 91 24 24 118 Kimahri FF10 5492 165 118 149 133 142 23 24 139 Rikku FF10 5359 158 113 98 110 110 24 30 174 Jecht FF10 5581 172 105 95 97 109 24 27 146 Braska FF10 4759 87 85 179 148 161 24 24 136 Balthier FF12 5542 164 110 100 116 121 24 30 167 Vaan FF12 5628 168 115 98 110 110 23 30 167 Fran FF12 5384 147 111 113 89 118 23 24 139 Penelo FF12 4697 110 81 121 130 178 23 24 136 Ashe FF12 Basch FF12 Lightning FF13 5384 168 111 118 124 118 23 24 167 Sazh FF13 Snow FF13 Vanille FF13 4486 96 83 164 140 169 23 26 136 Hope FF13 4486 120 95 172 133 163 24 24 136 Fang FF13 Serah FF13 4486 101 86 184 133 133 24 24 136 Y'shtola FF14 4486 110 96 158 148 172 23 24 136 Thancred FF14 5571 165 116 116 121 110 24 30 174 Papalymo FF14 4486 110 96 158 148 172 23 24 136 Yda FF14 5475 165 118 95 101 118 24 28 166 Agrias FFT 5806 173 152 95 115 128 24 24 113 Ramza FFT 5595 168 121 140 116 116 24 24 142
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The bridge connected two small islands off Bali's south-east coast
A bridge connecting two small islands near the Indonesian resort island of Bali has collapsed, killing at least eight people, officials say.
People were passing over the suspension bridge for a religious ceremony when the accident occurred, a police officer told Reuters news agency.
The water was not deep but many of the victims were crushed by debris, they said.
Thirty other people were injured. All were reported to be local residents.
The bridge, which carries pedestrians and motorbikes, connects the islands of Nusa Lembongan and Nusa Ceningan, which lie off the south-east coast of Bali.
The collapse occurred around 1830 local time (1030 GMT). The bridge was busy because people were taking part in a Hindu ceremony at a nearby temple.
"Before the bridge collapsed it was already shaking," disaster agency spokesperson Sutopo Purwo Nugroho told AFP news agency.
"Some motorcyclists and people fell into the sea, and people in the area immediately tried to save them."
Three children were reported to be among the dead. Earlier reports had put the death toll at nine but this was revised.
Officials said it was not clear whether anyone was missing. A fresh search would begin at daybreak, one said.
Andrew Sutherland, a British expatriate and tour operator in the area, told the BBC the bridge was the only one connecting the two islands.
"It's been there for about 30 years and it is quite a rickety bridge," they said. "It's only used for a few people to cross at the same time, normally motorbikes, nothing more than that.
"Unfortunately today was a very large ceremony for the local population and a large amount of people were crossing the bridge when it did collapse."
Best Operas Ever is a new podcast from Saturday Afternoon at the Opera on CBC Radio 2. In each instalment, host Ben Heppner talks to one of the major opera figures of our time about a particular opera recording that they especially love. You'll find each episode here on cbcmusic.ca, and you can tune in to CBC Radio 2 at 1 p.m. any Saturday from now until the end of November to hear these classic recordings in their entirety — along with extended conversations with our esteemed guests.
Best Operas Ever No. 2 - Gerald Finley Ben Heppner talks to the Canadian baritone Gerald Finley about their favourite opera recording: James Levine's classic interpretation of Verdi's Otello. Audio
Gerald Finley isn't just a top-tier opera singer; he's also a top-tier opera geek. The renowned Canadian baritone is the sort of musician who, when they really loves a piece, will dive deep. So when they say that James Levine's 1978 recording of Verdi's Otello — featuring Plácido Domingo, Sherrill Milnes and Renata Scotto — is the best ever, that's an opinion with some real weight. Plus, Finley is a spectacular Verdi interpreter himself. Here's evidence:
Finley first encountered this recording of Otello when they were an aspiring singer, just starting to wonder if they might be able to hack it in this business. They heard Domingo and Milnes singing the famous duet from the end of Act 2 on the radio.
"I thought wow, if that's what the human voice can do ... I've got to get this album." They bought it while studying singing in England. "I practically wore out the needle of my turntable, and certainly wore out the record."
In this instalment of Best Operas Ever, Finley tells Ben Heppner about how this recording encouraged them to scale the operatic heights. They discuss the brilliance of Sherrill Milnes's sinister Jago (a role that Finley has sung and recorded), and Ben reflects on singing the role of Otello in the long shadow of the great Plácido Domingo. Hit the play button above to hear their full interview with Finley, and tune in to Saturday Afternoon at the Opera on Sept. 17 to hear more from this conversation, plus James Levine's 1978 recording of Otello in its entirety.
Subscribe to Best Operas Ever on iTunes!
Explore more:
Best opera ever? Adrianne Pieczonka chooses Strauss's Der Rosenkavalier
What's the best recording of Mozart's Marriage of Figaro?
Save Tovan the Great Dane!
by: Supporters of the equal treatment, rights, and respect of animals that we are taught to give our fellow humans
recipient: Animal officers and officials/animal activists
Information came from this link: http://ireport.cnn.com/docs/DOC-567997 (just copy and paste links into your browser!)
you can also follow Tovan's fight on their facebook fan page: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Save-Tovan-the-Great-Dane/103416456406618#!/pages/Save-Tovan-the-Great-Dane/103416456406618?sk=wall
This is Tovan, the beautiful great Dane who found their way into my front yard. This dog did not walk here- they staggered, stumbled and wobbled their way to my driveway, where they then collapsed.
It was immediately obvious this dog needed some serious help. They were so emaciated, you could see every bone in their body. They could not walk, could barely stand.
Our first instinct was to give them something to eat. Unfortunately in their condition, this just made them vomit.
We rushed them to an emergency veterinary clinic in town, where they gave us the option to either hand them over to Sarasota Animal Services, where they would not receive emergency treatment (From our understanding of what we were told, they would receive miminal treatment, just enough to get them strong enough to be taken to the Animal Services shelter), or to take responsibility for them personally and get them immediate care. We chose the latter. In our understanding, of what we were told at the Emergency Clinic, they would only receive minimal care unless we assumed financial responsibility- which we gladly did. We did this to get them extensive care including x-rays, parisite tests and oncology tests. We also paid for their prescriptions.
Upon examination from the vet, they were found to be 30lbs underweight. They had open, bleeding sores on their legs. The vet said that these were "pressure sores" indicative of possible confinement or laying on cement all day and night. They also had calluses from more sores that had healed over, showing this could be long-term neglect.
They were also found to have arthritis, hip dysplasia, a heart murmur, parisites, and possibly cancer (the oncology reports are still pending).
We agreed to take care of him. We paid for all of their medical bills. We set up a cozy room in our house for him, gave them their medication, took them out for frequent bathroom runs because they have to go very often. We were, and are, very willing and capable to take care of him. To give them all the care they need and let them live the rest of their life in a home where there is someone home 24/7 to care for him.
Fast forward 2 days, and an owner came forward to claim him. We offered to help the owner care for them if they were unable. We offered to pay for their medical expenses and care for them while they aren't home. They wanted no part in it. We then contacted Sarasota Animal Services and asked them to do an investigation to ensure the safety of the dog before returning him.(Note: We became highly concerned when the vet told us that the owner had told them that the dog was only missing for about 24hrs; which means the emaciated state was not due to a long time missing in the wild... this information suggested that the emaciated condition emerged from care in their original home environment- and that is when we asked them to please investigate before returning them to the owners.)
To our amazement, they said no. They told us to return the dog as they were "stolen property". This dog came to us on the brink of death, and the authorities would do nothing to help him.
I called both the local Humane Society and SPCA, only to discover that in this county, Animal Services, HS and SPCA are all one organization. They still refused to help this poor dog.
I called our local news station. I spoke with a man on the tipline who said they would "see what they could do" to get Animal Services to open an investigation.
When I called back to follow-up, I was told by a woman that there was nothing they could do.
I called the National Humane Society in Washington, D.C. They were heartbroken, but could not do anything for them because there are no federal animal cruelty laws, and how these things are handled is at the discretion of local authorities.
Meanwhile, the woman was demanding their dog back, yet they would not give us an address to take them to. We received a call later in the day that they would be coming to get the dog with a sheriffs deputy because we "refused" to give them back. Again, they never gave us an address to take them to, or even their last name.
We printed off the photos of their condition, and got a copy of their medical records from the vet, and took this down to Sarasota Animal services in the hopes that they would reconsider opening an investigation.
They would not even look at the photos.
They continued to insist we must give the dog back.
Why? Because the vet put on their record that they were a "lost dog", not an "possibly neglected orabused dog" (which the people at the clinic said was a possibility). At the time, the vet could not determine if they had been neglected because we had no idea how long they had been on the street. Only when the owner revealed they had only been missing one day, could we confirm they had gotten into this state at their hands.
Animal services returned the dog to their owners, with no investigation in the conditions they will be living in, or the other dogs at the residence. They will not help him.
We will be returning to Animal Services in the morning.
We will not give up the fight for this dog's life.
Local law enforcement has failed this beautiful animal, with the excuse of a trivial detail. We need to save Tovan.
Tovan's life lies in the hands of Sarasota Animal Services. These are the people who returned them to their owner without even inspecting their living conditions or reviewing their medical records. Hopefully we can convince them to open a case.
SAS
8451 Bee Ridge Rd
Sarasota, FL
(941) 861 9500
For anyone making calls to SAS, this is all the info I have to identify this story:
 They are a 10yr old grey harlequin great dane. Or so the owner says, the vet thought they were about 5.
Their owner's names are Mike and Angie. They would not give us a last name.
They provided a Bradenton, FL address, though this is very suspicious as that is 30 miles from us.
There is no case number as of yet, because they refused to even open a case to FIND OUT what happened to him.
If we get them to open a case, I will share that info ASAP.
I'm now hearing that SAS claims they know nothing about this dog. We went in there IN PERSON twice yesterday! The first time with photos and vet records, and the second time with the dog himself! What is wrong with these people?!?!
UPDATE as of around 5pm on March 9th: SAS, of Sarasota, Fl decided to open up an investigation on Tovan and their "owners." This is a pending investigation and we won't know the outcome until they are done investigating, but it's progress and with this petition it could be more progress. Maybe we can make places where officials don't take these animal abuse cases so seriously, even more serious then ever. There needs to be a national animal abuse law in place instead of city or state laws. This is a national crisis that needs to be taken seriously. These animals need to be seen as individuals instead of just someones property. Anyways Thank you for signing Tovan's petition and please spread their story and this petition!
The state of Utah is defending its ban on discussing homosexuality in schools by declaring there's nothing anti-gay about the restriction.
In a lawsuit brought about by Equality Utah, attorneys for the state are arguing that the case against the school board should be dismissed because the state laws and school rules don't contain the words “anti-gay laws.”
Activists are fighting the rules, which state that teachers are prohibited from positively discussing or presenting basic facts about homosexuality, saying they violate rights to free speech and equal protection and explicitly stigmatize queer students.
In one example of the effects of the homophobic law, a high school in central Utah was unable to buy psychology textbooks for its classes because they were couldn't find any that didn't discuss homosexuality.
The law is actually part of a larger sexual education bill that also prohibits talk about contraceptives and sex outside of marriage, both of which could now be affected by the the court case.
h/t: LGBTQNation
Even though a DNA test proved Carnell Alexander is not the father of a child a woman claimed was theirs on a welfare benefits form, the state of Michigan says they must pay $30,000 to settle the case — or go to prison.
“I feel like I'm standing in front of a brick wall with nowhere to go,” Alexander told Detroit news station WXYZ.
Alexander's troubles began all the way back in 1991 when Detroit police arrested them during a traffic stop.
“You're a deadbeat dad. You're a wanted man. You're coming with me,” the arresting police officer said, Alexander recalled.
But the man was baffled.
“I knew I didn't have a child, so I was kind of blown back,” Alexander told WXYZ.
It turned out that an ex-girlfriend of Alexander's had put their name down as the father of their child — born in 1987 — in order to receive welfare benefits.
Alexander unknowingly racked up $60,000 in unpaid child support because they did not know they are listed as a dad. Especially in cases involving welfare benefits, Michigan, like many states, typically deals aggressively with men listed as fathers on claims forms.
By then, it was too late for Alexander to do anything about the huge bill.
“They told me it was too late to get a DNA test,” Alexander told WXYZ.
But they got a test anyway, and the results showed that Alexander was not the father of their ex-girlfriend's child.
The judge was unsympathetic.
“She told me that regardless of what the DNA says, because I didn't contact them 24 years ago, it's gonna stick. Case closed. I gotta pay for the baby,” Alexander said.
Part of the hang-up stems from either a mix-up in court paperwork or a falsely signed court summons. Alexander says that they were never served with a court summons which would have informed them of the paternity claim and the debt.
According to WXYZ, a process server signed a form claiming Alexander refused to sign for receipt of the summons. But Alexander could not have refused to sign for the document. They were in jail for another offense at the time.
“I wasn't there so I couldn't refuse to sign,” Alexander said. “I had no knowledge that I had a child support case pending against me.”
According to WXYZ, Alexander will go to jail if they do not pay the $30,000. They were let off the hook for the amount they supposedly owed in child support. But the court still wants them to pay money doled out to their ex-girlfriend in welfare payments.
Alexander says they will continue to fight the bad rap.
The woman who falsely put Alexander's name down as the father of their child is now speaking out in support of him.
“I had to turn too welfare to get assistance to take care of them and had to put them down as the father. That was the only way I could get assistance,” they told WXYZ.
“Everything is my fault that I put them through. They shouldn't have to pay it at all. I want everything to go away for them so they can go on with their life.”
WATCH:
Follow Chuck on Twitter
CLOSE President Barack Obama names Merrick B. Garland to the U.S. Supreme Court. They will replace the seat vacated by Justice Antonin Scalia. USA TODAY
In this April 27, 1995, file photo, Merrick Garland, then the associate deputy attorney general, speaks to the media following the hearing of Oklahoma bombing suspect Timothy McVeigh in El Reno, Okla. (Photo11: Rick Bowmer, AP)
WASHINGTON — Here are five things you need to know about Merrick Garland, President Obama's nominee to fill the Supreme Court seat of the late Justice Antonin Scalia:
Long appellate tenure
He's served on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, a traditional steppingstone to the high court, for 19 years and is now its chief judge.
Past Republican favorite
Several times in the past, they have been touted by Republican senators as the most palatable possible choice (but now they say no chance). In 1997, they were confirmed by the Senate to the appellate bench on a 76-23 vote, which included the backing of 32 Republicans.
Roberts' résumé
Like Chief Justice John Roberts, they went to Harvard Law School, clerked for federal appeals court Judge Henry Friendly, served at the Justice Department, was a law firm partner and wound up on the D.C. Circuit.
Oklahoma City
They managed the 1995 investigation into the Oklahoma City bombing, which at the time was the deadliest terrorist attack on U.S. soil. A year later, they were named to oversee the “Unabomber'' inquiry following the 1996 arrest of Ted Kaczynski.
He's no Scalia
Friends and colleagues describe them as a low-key, unassuming person who does not seek the limelight, quite unlike the man they would replace, Antonin Scalia. (Good luck with that.)
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1po3ehv
The German acronym BAMF is short for Bundesamt für Migration und Flüchtlinge, the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees. It is the agency responsible for processing the asylum applications of the millions of “refugees” that are now pouring into Germany. It also handles the housing and maintenance for the migrants while they wait for their asylum cases to be processed, which can take years.
The following video features the reading of the words of an unidentified female BAMF employee as they describe the horrors and frustrations associated with their job. Notice that despite their extensive experience with the downside of cultural enrichment, despite their hard-bitten cynicism and realistic assessment of what is happening, they still express dismay that the right wing might gain political traction from the migration crisis.
Many thanks to Nash Montana for the translation, and to Vlad Tepes for the subtitling:
Transcript:
0:00 I arrive early every morning at the office. The asylum seekers are already sitting around in the hallway,
0:04 so first I lock the door on the inside. I need to see if there are new asylum packets,
0:08 a new safe country of origin, because of residence perspective.
0:12 Then it begins. Somehow, in German and in English, but most can speak somewhat,
0:16 I mean they didn't just arrive yesterday.
0:19 “Give my money”, “I am man”, “I f*** you”, You Nazi”.
0:24 After the 30th or so I myself began to talk like that, I was reprimanded,
0:27 so now I shut my mouth, it's going to be so “colorful” in Germany.
0:31 We could use a security service. These guys sit in front of me and masturbate,
0:36 fumble with the zipper, play with the pocket knife, whine, get grumpy, get loud.
0:42 Pure aggression. Not everyone, of course. That's important for me to say,
0:46 so I won't be suspected of being a racist.
0:49 But the majority, they are just like that.
0:52 They're young blokes, they're fit, they have an ego, they demand, they require.
0:55 Respect, they want. Reciprocally, there is none.
0:59 The phones run hot in our offices. Female colleagues from the initial admission places,
1:03 a lot of them give up the job. Even for me it just gets a bit too close sometimes,
1:07 and I'm almost 50, and we had a meeting about how to deal with this.
1:11 Yeah, how, then? The colleagues should wear high-necked clothes.
1:15 The next day, two female colleagues called in sick.
1:18 We would like to send Germans with migration backgrounds to the initial admission places,
1:22 but women especially don't want to do it.
1:25 Nobody asks us, are you Muslim, are you Christian,
1:28 because in Germany we have ‘tolerance'.
1:31 The refugees, however, they distinguish themselves precisely
1:34 according to their beliefs. In the camps Muslims are the majority,
1:37 very clearly so, and the people from the security service,
1:40 they're almost all Muslims from Germany,
1:43 so the Christians from Syria and Iraq have zero chance.
1:46 They get beaten, and the Security men just watch.
1:50 With the women it's the same.
1:53 At the washing machine the Christian woman gets attacked by the Muslim woman:
1:56 ‘You have to wait, you are haram'; with Muslims ‘haram' means unclean.
1:59 ‘You don't wear a hijab, you are not a human'.
2:02 ‘Your boy is unclean, they can't play with my boy'.
2:05 That's how it goes. In gyms, barracks, container camps, Islam reigns.
2:10 Many have speakers and then everybody has to listen
2:14 to what the Imam tells them and rams into their brains.
2:17 The German security people are not intervening. And what could they do anyway?
2:21 Razzias? And immediately afterwards, business will just continue as usual.
2:24 So one has to just take that, because there are so many of them.
2:27 They don't want it any other way. You can try to integrate as many as you want —
2:30 Germany can accomplish integration. But how then, exactly!?
2:33 This isn't dressage, or re-education. That's something the migrant would have to want for himself.
2:38 It's all men, men, men. Very young, most of them.
2:41 When at the office a woman tells them something,
2:44 or a woman may deny them a demand,
2:47 that just doesn't even exist for them, and they start talking to each other
2:50 in their own language. I'm not supposed to understand it.
2:53 But their sneer, I understand perfectly.
2:56 Sure, they're all under pressure, but that's not the problem.
2:59 They have no respect for females, and I sit there in front of them,
3:02 and I have power, and they develop hate, hate of us Germans.
3:05 Everything we have fought for here in Europe,
3:08 the equality of women and men, most of them despise it.
3:11 And that's why the Right gets new followers, they hate Muslims,
3:14 yet they profit from them, and on top they have a lot of commons with them
3:17 in terms of their subjugative culture.
3:20 And so the black African has to clean the toilets — the Arabs force them to,
3:24 and at night they get raped next to the toilets.
3:27 Most of the Muslims feel discriminated against when they're told to clean.
3:30 In the camp, even among the men, it's everybody's turn at some point.
3:33 Cleaning the community kitchen, sanitary areas,
3:36 but it's always the black guy first,
3:39 and after the black guy, the light skinned Christian, that is the reality.
3:42 We at the base, we know that, we can see it.
3:45 This job requires a lot of strength.
3:48 Those who are litigating right now, the Syrians and Eritreans,
3:52 because for over a year now they've been waiting for an answer from BAMF
3:56 whether they will finally be accepted as asylum seekers,
3:59 because they want to work, because they want to get out of the camp,
4:03 I'm okay with that, because when you, as a caseworker, say even the slightest thing
4:06 to the people above, it doesn't do any good. (…)
4:10 Syria, that's clear. There's civil war, it's difficult for them,
4:14 but a lot don't even come from there, and we have to verify that.
4:17 “So tell us, how does it look in Syria?”
4:20 Says he, “everything kaput.” The translator is being threatened,
4:24 right in front of my eyes, I don't understand anything anyway.
4:27 The young men from the Arab areas, they show us school report cards,
4:31 immaculate, 70% of them fake.
4:34 We know that, but one has to prove it. Presumption of innocence.
4:38 We are a constitutional state. So you just put these people on a waiting list.
4:42 There are some where you immediately notice that things are right,
4:46 so you like to help, and so a few crooks get through, oh well, we need them too.
4:52 But that's just not how it is. More than 75% are cheating us.
4:55 We know it; they know it.
4:58 The men have zero perspective where they come from,
5:01 especially the young guys. It is a mass emigration. The women have
5:04 to bear kids, even more children, and the sons emigrate.
5:07 They come to us and ask for asylum, because they have to,
5:10 because Germany is not an immigration country;
5:13 every demand for asylum is a single incident. That's basically our assignment.
5:17 Recording personal information, fingerprint and photo for the ID card.
5:21 If you receive a decision to deport, you go to your community,
5:25 get different papers, and see a colleague of mine.
5:28 We can't continually compare our individual records.
5:31 The refugees supply each other with apps full of information about us,
5:35 which are the most lenient offices, there are also apps from German Jihadists.
5:40 Eritreans, that's where lives have to be saved.
5:44 The women from there are totally intimidated, they look at you with sad eyes.
5:48 No energy, lifeless, but their integration, how is that supposed to go?
5:52 They are thrown into our offices and remain lost.
5:55 Their men sit down and wait until they get something.
5:58 I never once encountered one that had a plan.
6:01 Those from North Africa, they know what they want.
6:04 A better life. But asylum seekers they are not.
6:07 And there are already so many of them here, they are clogging the system,
6:10 and on top of that they're creating the most problems.
6:13 Some real cute lads among them, but incredibly disrespectful.
6:16 They send their youngest ones to steal, adolescent single offenders,
6:19 so they don't get punished, and they all know it too.
6:22 “Yeah, well,” it is then said, “we have to create incentives.”
6:25 Such rubbish. They should've never even been let into the country.
6:29 Most North Africans come from Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia and Libya.
6:33 They're losers who were gang members already back home.
6:36 Just what kind of work should they do here? This is a high-tech country.
6:40 They submerge themselves into their communities, get a monthly allowance
6:43 from us; that's fine with them. They get €143 every month,
6:46 There is concern from up high that the refugees might feel insulted
6:49 if the money were transferred to their refugee card.
6:52 That way they can't save money to send home,
6:55 and without cash, of course, they can't bribe anyone either.
6:58 But that would be important. There are many blacks who would accept it.
7:01 But not Arabs. They feel discriminated against. I keep being amazed at all their demands.
7:06 Again and again some disappear from the camps, and it's always young men.
7:10 Sometimes six of them, or ten, or twelve.
7:13 The camps are empty the next morning.
7:16 Of course they're free humans, and not prisoners,
7:19 so there are no indications to go look for them.
7:22 For them we also don't have fingerprints yet, no names, nothing.
7:25 They may have family and go there, which would be good because
7:28 at least then they'd be taken care of. Or not.
7:31 Where do they disappear to? Just recently there was another train of refugees
7:34 from Lower Bavaria northbound, 700 refugees, not yet registered.
7:39 20 of them pulled the emergency brake, took off, what're they going to do?
7:42 The young girls, often still children, are almost all pregnant,
7:46 raped while they fled.
7:49 So the predominant attitude is: we don't have to put them into school,
7:52 that isn't helpful for their integration at this point,
7:55 and anyway we don't have enough teachers.
7:58 I mean are we in Afghanistan and North Africa here so we can neglect girls?
8:01 I gained weight in the past months, chocolate treats against the frustration.
8:04 To my colleague this all is a question of fate. Germany has to help,
8:07 despite that we're basically importing jihad and IS into the country, they say.
8:12 I like that. That's just so constructive.
8:15 We need people, Germany has to become younger, they tell us from above.
8:20 Is that not a summons to immigrate?
8:23 The asylum seeker who isn't one, for months they squat in the initial reception center.
8:27 From there to the communal center, one more year, and another year.
8:31 Can't immigrate, can't work. It's obvious that one or the other would have bad ideas.
8:35 It is pure insanity. We need an immigration law.
8:38 We need quotas. And from above, they block it all.
Cover photo by Mike Koozmin.
You hear them every day. And if you don't hear them — if you've got your ear buds in and someone else's voice in your head — you still see them. Street musicians, or what some people (maybe on the East Coast) call buskers. The idea's been around forever, and certainly in a city once so dedicated to public displays of art, the street musician was even more a fixture of the urban landscape. Now that so many of us carry our own music in our pockets, the musicians seem strangely anachronistic, like ... well, like a cable car running through a city.
But play on they do, mastering their peculiar corners of the culture: a Nintendo savant on accordion, a guitarist playing hundred-year-old tunes, a man who can't abide a band and plays all the instruments himself. You'll be out more this time of year, doing whatever holiday thing you're doing, and they'll be out there too, of course. Unplug yourself and tune in.
Nick Albert
Accordion
Underground train stations, Fisherman's Wharf
The commuter was young. They wore a red cap. They flashed a massive wad of bills. And they probably spent a considerable portion of their youth around the Nintendo Entertainment System.
That would make sense to Nick Albert. The 25-year-old accordion player's repertoire is essentially tunes from 1980s-era Nintendo games. And it seems the kids who amassed coins playing Super Mario Bros. have gone on to amass their fair share in the wider world. The young man in the red cap peeled off a $100 bill and flicked it into the case of the accordionist squeezing out a Mario ditty.
They were long gone by the time Albert realized that he'd been tipped 100 times the going rate. It didn't earn them an extra life. It just paid for another day of this one.
Albert's life isn't so straightforward as those from the games they mine for material. Playing videogame music on a 70-year-old pawnshop accordion, in the subway, is not an end Albert achieved through meticulous planning.
He's only here because their hot dog stand failed.
After years of toiling at minimum-wage jobs, Albert socked away around $3,000. That bought them a foothold in the sausage industry: "I wanted to start my own business. And that's pretty much the smallest scale you can do it." But even small scales come with big costs. Purveyors of dirty-water hot dogs, Albert learned, need to store their wares at commercial kitchens. There's the matter of permitting. There are costs associated with renting refrigerator space, freezer space, and space for your hot dog cart. And hot dogs? Those aren't as inexpensive as Albert thought they'd be. "The hot dog market," they reflect, "is not what you'd expect."
Not unlike most videogames, it ended very quickly for Albert. They chuckle at the memory of rapidly burning through their life savings. "You know, I wasn't really good at running a business."
So, they were back to working at someone else's. Deep-frying potatoes. Sweating in kitchens. And then they aren't even doing that. The blue-pearl accordion they impulsively bought two years ago after hawking a guitar at a pawnshop has been their sole source of income this year. An epiphany that the music accompanying Mario's aquatic escapades "sounds like an old French waltz" provided them with their hook. He's only game-ready with eight or nine songs: a couple from Mario, a couple from Zelda, and "other stuff that sounds good on an accordion" like "Greensleeves" or "Fur Elise." It's an exclusive playlist. "But most of them are crowd-pleasers."
Not every red-capped man will drop a C-note out of nostalgia for a videogame starring a red-capped man. But it's a rare day that Albert can't amass 10 bucks an hour. This, they surmise, is as good as he's ever done and as good as they can realistically do.
They grew up in Menlo Park and graduated from the elite Menlo-Atherton High School; notable alumni include Bob Weir, Lindsey Buckingham, and Stevie Nicks — but Albert is, all but certainly, the school's first accordion-playing street musician. Life after high school hasn't gone according to plan; that would have required a plan. There were a litany of menial jobs, the hot dog escapade, nights staying in motels, nights crashing on couches, and, now, a house in the Outer Sunset subdivided into six rooms and shared with seven other guys. Rent is $650, a figure likely to induce Mario-like nostalgia for many San Franciscans. One roommate works at a bakery, which is never a bad thing.
The money tossed in Albert's case goes toward keeping their room in that house. And yet, there are rewards greater than amassing coins in this game. Not long ago, an artist knocked out a caricature of the accordionist and presented it in lieu of a tip. This is an experience most $10-an-hour workers do not share.
He's moved around a lot of late. They know the picture is in a drawer. They just doesn't know where.
But, one of these days, he's gonna find it. And then he's gonna get it framed. Joe Eskenazi
Larry Hunt
Drums
Market Street outside the Old Navy
Larry Hunt — the man affectionately known as "Larry the Drummer" or "Larry Bucket Man" — was not performing outside the Old Navy department store on Market Street last Monday afternoon. But all of their effects were there, piled haphazardly on a stack of milk crates, and strung together with cord. There were big unopened cans of tomatoes, and plastic recycling buckets, and a picture of actor Will Smith looking bright-eyed and mustachioed. A cardboard sign bore Hunt's plea to fans, penned in zig-zaggy blue marker.
"SF/City is banning Bucketman New Generation Band," the sign said. "Got $460.00 ticket for playing. Please help. I play in movie Pursuit Happyness Will Smith." Hunt left their phone number at the bottom, along with an apparently defunct website: LarryBucketman.com.
At 55, Hunt is warm and weathered. They have a wide, crinkly grin and a voice made chalkier by years of eating fire during their performances. They say they first tried eating fire in 1979, after a man in a redneck country bar bet a thousand dollars they couldn't do it. "I was drinking 151 Bacardi straight," Hunt recalls. "I didn't feel any pain until the next day." When they woke up, their mouth was caked in thick, papery sheets. "Like you know how those snakes be shedding their skin," they say. "But I had a thousand dollars, plus $360 for the gig, plus $200 in tips." To top it all off, they had a new trick in their arsenal.
Image copyright PA Image caption Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael said UK ministers were committed to delivering more powers for Scotland
The UK government has formally published plans on giving more powers to the Scottish Parliament, following the vote against independence.
The paper sets out plans from the pro-Union parties, including proposals for more financial responsibility.
Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael said the "No" vote in September's referendum showed people wanted a strong, devolved parliament.
The SNP said the proposals of its opponents were inadequate.
The five Scottish Parliament parties have already submitted their proposals for further devolution to the Smith Commission, which was set up by Prime Minister David Cameron in the wake of Scottish voters rejecting independence by 55% to 45%.
The commission aims to agree a way forward by the end of November, before the UK government puts forward draft legislative proposals in January 2015, with the bill to be brought forward after the 2015 UK election.
'Demand is there'
Mr Carmichael, who outlined the details of the Westminster government's "command paper" in parliament, said: "The referendum result made clear the majority of people in Scotland want to see a strong devolved parliament as part of the UK.
"We pledged further devolution and we will deliver on that promise. Today's command paper sets out the detail of the political positions from the parties."
In a statement to MPs Mr Carmichael insisted the timetable would not slip and legislative proposals would be in place by Burns Night - 25 January.
They added: "We should all move on from being part of being the 55% or the 45% to working for 100% of the people in Scotland.
"The timetable is demanding but that is because the demand is there in Scotland... it is a demand we shall meet."
Although the paper does not contain a great deal of extra detail, UK ministers see it as a statement of their intent to move forward with devolving further powers to the Scottish Parliament.
'Damp squib'
Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon dismissed the publication as "a bit of a cut-and-paste job" containing no new information.
"The SNP are going into this in good faith wanting to have a meaningful discussion that will lead to the substantial new powers that were offered," they told the BBC.
"What the other parties are offering right now is inadequate and they've got to go beyond where they are if that discussion is going to result in what people in Scotland want - which is powers that will give us the ability in Scotland to grow the economy and create jobs and tackle inequality."
Image copyright PA Image caption The Scottish Parliament parties have submitted their proposals to give more powers to Holyrood
Scottish Green co-leader Patrick Harvie described the command paper as a "damp squib", adding: "It simply repackages what the three UK parties put forward in the spring, since when public debate has moved on considerably and public expectations have been built up."
Shadow Scottish secretary Margaret Curran said Labour backed the process to deliver more devolved powers, telling MPs: "Following the referendum, we can say with confidence that devolution is the settled will of the Scottish people, and that we shall have a stronger Scottish Parliament."
The Scottish government called for full control over fiscal and tax policy from Westminster in its submission to the Smith Commission, as well as powers over other areas including welfare, energy and broadcasting.
The pro-independence Greens also said the Scottish Parliament should be given wide economic powers and control over most of the welfare system.
Labour said it was seeking powers which would allow the Scottish government to raise 40% of its own budget and increase the top rate of tax, as well as control over housing benefit and attendance allowance.
The Conservatives said Holyrood must be responsible for setting the rates and bands of personal income tax as well as a share of VAT, while the Liberal Democrats said Scotland must raise most of the money it spends.
Commons debate
Publication of the command paper came ahead of a Commons debate on Tuesday, in which Some English MPs are expected to call for more devolution for England, and for Scottish MPs to be prevented from voting on English-only matters.
In Parliament on Monday, Conservative Liam Fox - a Scot who represents an English Constituency - said more devolution to Holyrood should be accompanied by a "rebalancing" of the constitutional settlement, including English votes for English laws.
Crispin Blunt, Tory MP for the Surrey constituency of Reigate, said that the Scottish Secretary "has no mandate, from me or my constituents, to devolve further powers to Scotland whilst they expect my constituents to bankroll it and fails to address the issue of English laws for English votes".
Mr Carmichael said the process should "open the door" for change across the UK, but insisted the UK government would not delay the timetable for Scottish devolution.
Former prime minister and Scottish MP Gordon Brown will also lead a UK Parliament debate on the issue later in the week, in which they will say there must be no delay on more powers for Scotland.
On Sunday, Mr Brown accused Mr Cameron of being "unstatesmanlike" for suggesting Scottish MPs should be denied full voting rights at Westminster on issues which affected only England and Wales.
Mr Brown said this would turn Scottish MPs into "second class citizens at Westminster".
GREELEY, Colo. — When Sheriff John Cooke of Weld County explains in speeches why they are not enforcing the state's new gun laws, they hold up two 30-round magazines. One, they say, they had before July 1, when the law banning the possession, sale or transfer of the large-capacity magazines went into effect. The other, they “maybe” obtained afterward.
They shuffle the magazines, which look identical, and then challenges the audience to tell the difference.
“How is a deputy or an officer supposed to know which is which?” they ask.
Colorado's package of gun laws, enacted this year after mass shootings in Aurora, Colo., and Newtown, Conn., has been hailed as a victory by advocates of gun control. But if Sheriff Cooke and a majority of the other county sheriffs in Colorado offer any indication, the new laws — which mandate background checks for private gun transfers and outlaw magazines over 15 rounds — may prove nearly irrelevant across much of the state's rural regions.
Some sheriffs, like Sheriff Cooke, are refusing to enforce the laws, saying that they are too vague and violate Second Amendment rights. Many more say that enforcement will be “a very low priority,” as several sheriffs put it. All but seven of the 62 elected sheriffs in Colorado signed on in May to a federal lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the statutes.
Researchers have established how a protein called alpha-synuclein, which is closely associated with Parkinson's Disease, functions in healthy human brains. By showing how the protein works in healthy patients, the study offers important clues about what may be happening when people develop the disease itself.
Parkinson's Disease is one of a group of conditions known as “protein misfolding diseases”, because they are characterised by specific proteins becoming distorted and malfunctioning. These proteins then cluster into thread-like chains, which are toxic to other cells.
While malfunctioning alpha-synuclein has long been recognised as a hallmark of Parkinson's Disease, its role in healthy brains was not properly understood until now. The new study, carried out by researchers at the University of Cambridge and Imperial College London, shows that the protein regulates the flow of cellular transporters known as synaptic vesicles – a process fundamental to effective signalling in the brain.
Significantly, the researchers also tested mutated forms of alpha-synuclein that are linked to Parkinson's disease. This was found to interfere with the same mechanism, essentially by impairing the ability of alpha-synuclein to regulate the flow of synaptic vesicles, and hence compromising the signalling between neurons.
Giuliana Fusco, a Chemistry PhD student from St John's College, University of Cambridge, carried out the main experiments underpinning the research. “It was already clear that alpha-synuclein plays some sort of role in regulating the flow of synaptic vesicles at the synapse, but our study presents the mechanism, explaining exactly how it does it,” they said. “Because we have shown that mutated forms of alpha-synuclein, which are associated with early onset familial forms of Parkinson's Disease, affect this process, we also now know that this is a function that may be impaired in people who carry these mutations.”
The researchers stress that the results should be treated with caution at this stage, not least because much about Parkinson's Disease remains obscure.
Dr Alfonso De Simone, from the Department of Life Sciences at Imperial, and one of the study's lead authors, said: “It is important to be careful not to leap to conclusions. So much is happening in the development of Parkinson's Disease and its origins could be multiple, but we have made a step forward in understanding what is going on.”
The precise function of alpha-synuclein has been the subject of considerable debate, partly because it is abundant in red blood cells as well as in the brain. This implies that it is a rather strange, metamorphic protein that can potentially perform several different roles.
Establishing that it regulates the mechanisms that enable signalling to occur in the brain represents significant progress. “If you remove part of a machine, you need to know what it is supposed to do before you can understand what the consequences of its removal are likely to be,” De Simone said. “We have had a similar situation with Parkinson's Disease; we needed to know what alpha-synuclein actually does in order to identify the right strategies to target it as a therapeutic approach to Parkinson's.”
The study involved lab-based experiments in which synthetic vesicles, modelling the synaptic vesicles found the brain, were exposed to alpha-synuclein. Using nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, the researchers examined how the protein organised itself structurally in relation to the vesicles. To verify the findings, additional tests were then carried out on samples taken from the brains of rats.
The basic process by which signals pass through the brain involves neurotransmitters, which are carried inside the synaptic vesicles, being passed across synapses - the junctions between neurons. During signalling, some vesicles move to the surface of the synapse, fuse with the membrane, and release the neurotransmitters across the connection, all in a matter of milliseconds.
The researchers found that alpha-synuclein plays an essential part in marshalling the vesicles during this process. Two different regions of the protein were found to have membrane-binding properties that mean it can attach itself to vesicles and hold some of them in place, while others are released.
By holding some of the vesicles back, the protein essentially performs a regulatory function, ensuring that neither too many, nor too few, are passed forward at any given moment. “It is a sort of shepherding effect by alpha-synuclein that occurs away from the synapse itself, and controls the number of synaptic vesicles used in each transmission,” Fusco said.
The research suggests that in some familial cases of early onset Parkinson's Disease, because alpha-synuclein malfunctions as a result of genetic alterations, the protein's marshalling role is compromised. One of the trademarks of Parkinson's Disease, for example, is an excess of alpha-synuclein in the brain. In such circumstances, it is possible that too much binding will take place and the flow of vesicles will be limited, preventing effective neurotransmission.
“At this stage we can only really speculate about the wider implications of these findings and more research is needed to test some of those ideas,” De Simone added. “Nevertheless, this does seem to explain a large body of biochemical data in Parkinson's research.”
The paper, Structural Basis of Synaptic Vesicle Assembly Promoted by alpha-Synuclein, is published in Nature Communications. DOI: 10.1038/NCOMMS12563.
(Download this image to view it in optimal resolution 1200x1600)As a Scuba Diver, i wear wetsuits most of the time when i go for a dive, and it is especially needed up here in Canada's cold waters. And as it stands, i find myself in the need of a new suit since my old ones do not fit me anymore.So the idea came to me; Why not design my own in the hopes of getting it made? The first thing that came to mind in my design was Mass Effect; as an avid fan, i could see the N7 armour stripe pattern being put on a wetsuit quite easily, and funnily enough, the colour scheme matches that of the symbolic Diver Flag perfectly, so non-Mass effect fans would be none the wiser (I also integrated it in the design)I still have no idea who i could submit this to get it manufactured. Mass producing these could be... Problematic, as Bioware would need to license it or something. Most likely i could get a unique custom made model just for myself, doubt it would get mass produced... A normal wetsuit retails for anywhere around 200-350$ - but if it could, please supportThis wouldn't be exclusive to Scuba i guess. I heard Surfers, sailors, etc are interested in this.Tools : Illustrator CS5 + Photoshop CS3 for fancy background stuff
“Today, moms are 50 times more busy and don't have the cooking skills that women did when we introduced baby food 80 years ago,” Mr. Boutelle said. “But the category is so bad that they're going to the grocery and spending an afternoon boiling and cooking and filling jars and sealing them because they don't like what's on the shelf.”
Gerber has no plans to revise its lineup, said Wendy Askew-Johnson, head of corporate affairs at Nestlé Nutrition in the United States, which owns the brand.
“Women are breast-feeding longer and therefore introducing baby food sometime a little later,” Ms. Askew-Johnson said. “That may be resulting in fewer eating occasions — but Gerber offers baby food and toddler food in its wide portfolio.”
Food companies measure sales by dollars and by volume, which in the case of baby food is generally ounces. On a dollar basis, baby food sales are up, according to IRI, a data and research firm, but that is largely because new brands like Plum Organics and Ella's are more expensive, not because more baby food is being sold.
Measured in ounces, sales of baby food have declined more than 4 percent a year on average since 2005, according to IRI.
Parents say making food for their babies is not such a big deal. Devices like the Beaba Pro Baby Food Maker and the Baby Brezza, not to mention the stick blender, have made baby food a snap, they say.
“I'm not a cook, but I saw this thing on a shelf one day and was intrigued by it,” Ms. DeNeve, Dylan's mother, said of the Brezza. “You literally cut up vegetables, put it in this thing and it steams and purées it — I can do it in a half-hour at night.”
1 of 6 Begin slideshow What won't my credit card buy? Ryan Deberardinis / EyeEm/Getty Images You've probably heard this priceless slogan before: “There are some things money can't buy. For everything else there's Mastercard.” Well, it's not exactly true. It turns out there are some things credit cards won't buy. So you can leave home without them, to riff off of American Express' old catchphrase. While credit companies typically want you to pull out their credit card for a purchase, the payment networks — American Express, Discover, Mastercard and Visa — won't approve transactions that are treated as high-risk activities or run afoul of federal law, even if state laws allow it. If you're intent on buying one of these naughty things, “it pays to discover” they can't be bought with your credit card. Begin slideshow
2 of 6 Begin slideshow Marijuana Heath Korvola/Getty Images Cash is king when it comes to pot. Credit card companies don't make the distinction between those who want to buy marijuana for medical reasons and those who buy it for recreational purposes. “Most merchant services companies do not want to accept credit card transactions from cannabis businesses,” says Kristi Kelly, executive director of the Marijuana Industry Group, a non-profit trade organization for licensed cannabis businesses. Federal law still bans the sale of marijuana for medical or recreational purposes, even though 29 states and Washington, D.C., , and eight states and Washington, D.C., have OK'd recreational marijuana purchases. Discover and American Express confirmed they don't allow cardholders to buy medical or recreational marijuana. Visa did not respond to requests for comment. Mastercard pleads the Fifth, acknowledging the legality isn't clear-cut. “The federal government considers marijuana sales illegal, but is currently not challenging state laws that legalize marijuana sales,” says Seth Eisen, a company spokesperson. “Given this complexity, we continue to monitor the situation, seek guidance from regulators and inform merchant acquirers of any new developments.” Many banks won't extend basic banking services to marijuana dispensaries, meaning checks can't be used for payment either. Begin slideshow
3 of 6 Begin slideshow Online pornography Westend61/Getty Images If you're seeking some digital titillation, don't try to use your American Express card for the experience. “American Express' policy does not allow the acceptance of the card for digital adult content,” says Leah Gerstner, a company spokesperson. This rule has been in place since 2000, even though it's federally legal to use a credit card to purchase most online adult entertainment. One reason for the ban: AmEx says customer disputes with online adult-industry companies increased administrative costs. The ban extends to American Express gift cards and prepaid cards as well. Visa declined to comment, while Mastercard and Discover did not respond to inquiries about their online pornography purchase policies. Begin slideshow
4 of 6 Begin slideshow Gambling chips Adam Gault/Getty Images If you need chips for that high-stakes poker game, better bring cash. There aren't “any casino locations in the U.S. that permit customers to gamble directly with credit cards,” says Steve Doty, a spokesperson for the American Gaming Association. However, credit cards do allow cash advances from ATMs, they say. These funds can then be used to buy chips or inserted into an electronic gaming device like a slot machine. Keep in mind the high cost of a credit card cash advance. The average APR on such a transaction is 23.68 percent, according to a 2017 survey by CreditCards.com. That's nearly eight percentage points higher than today's average credit card APR. It's a pricey way to play because most credit cards charge interest on cash advances immediately after the advance is issued. In addition, you're likely to be charged an ATM fee from your bank plus a surcharge from the company that owns the ATM. With a cash advance, those fees plus the accrued interest charges on the cash advance can quickly add up. Begin slideshow
5 of 6 Begin slideshow Lottery tickets Bloomberg/Getty Images Think today might be your lucky day? You likely can't use your credit card to find out. Many card companies, and several states including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Iowa and Wisconsin, prohibit the purchase of lotto tickets with credit cards. Some state regulations specify that lottery products in that state can only be purchased with cash. Even in states that allow the practice, the retailer may turn you down. “Lotteries often leave the decision up to the retailers,” says Tom Tulloch, director of administration for the North American Association of State and Provincial Lotteries. “Often retailers are reluctant to accept credit cards for lottery purchases (because) their sales commission is reduced by the swipe fees they would have to pay on the transaction.” Even if you're in the right state at the right retailer, American Express and Discover won't be one of the cards you use to make that purchase. Both companies prohibit cardholders from buying lottery tickets with their credit cards. Visa and Mastercard declined to comment on their policies toward purchases of lottery tickets. If you do defy the odds, make sure you put your windfall to work so it continues to grow. Begin slideshow
Barack Obama warned on Saturday of a "ripple effect" through the US economy that would cost hundreds of thousands of jobs after they reluctantly signed an order to begin a huge $85bn (£56bn) programme of government cuts.
The president even called the act "not smart" on the morning after the cuts officially became government policy, in a move that has been dubbed "sequestration" and has plunged Washington into another political crisis.
"The pain will be real. Many middle-class families will have their lives disrupted in a significant way," Obama said in their weekly address. They added that up to 750,000 jobs could be lost and half a percentage point knocked off America's economic growth this year. "This will cause a ripple effect across the economy. Businesses will suffer because customers will have less money to spend ... These cuts are not smart. They will hurt our economy and cost us jobs," they said.
The sequester originates in a political crisis in 2011, when debates over deficit reduction almost saw the US government default on its debt payments. To avert that crisis, Democrats and Republicans agreed that, unless they struck a deal on shrinking the country's debt, then the cuts to federal spending would begin.
The idea was that the prospect of cuts to social services would motivate the Democrats and hurting military spending would do the same for Republicans. Instead, despite the looming deadline last week, no grand bargain was ever struck and the cuts – which neither side had intended to happen – are now coming into force and spreading throughout the federal government. Over the next 10 years they will represent $1.2tn of slashed spending.
The hardest-hit part of the government will be the Pentagon, which has to make $40bn of cuts between now and September – about 9% of its budget. Defence chiefs have already said that the move will delay deployments – such as a recent move of an aircraft carrier to the Gulf – and hurt national security.
But almost every government department, from aviation to the park service, will be hit, with cuts amounting to about 5% of their overall budgets. Only Medicaid and welfare benefits such as food stamps are exempted. The Federal Aviation Authority has said that it will have to close scores of air traffic control towers and the National Labour Relations Board has already given staff 30 days' notice that they could be suspended from their jobs. Over the next few weeks, more such letters will go out, threatening school services and the smooth running of scores of other government functions.
In their speech Obama blamed Republicans for inaction, saying that their hostility to any sort of extra tax revenues being generated from rich Americans was the root cause of the problem. In recent weeks, and since their victory over Republican challenger Mitt Romney in last year's election, Obama has not shied away from attacking their opponents as defenders only of the wealthy.
"It's happening because Republicans in Congress chose this outcome over closing a single, wasteful tax loophole that helps reduce the deficit. Only last week they decided that protecting special interest tax breaks for the well-off and well-connected is more important than protecting our military and middle-class families from these cuts," Obama said.
But Republicans only want cuts on welfare spending, rather than defence, and have insisted on no new taxes. Republican House speaker John Boehner, at the end of the White House talks on Friday, was adamant that they will not contemplate any new taxes: "The discussion about revenue is over." That hard line is popular with their party's rightwing base but has left the party vulnerable to being attacked as being too entrenched in its ideology – especially after Obama's resounding victory in 2012.
In seeking to lay the blame for the sequester at the doors of the Republicans, the Obama administration has run a carefully orchestrated image campaign aimed at focusing on the impact on middle-class American workers and their families. Obama continued that theme on Saturday, saying Republican leaders were out of touch with ordinary people and their own voters. "We just need Republicans in Congress to catch up with their own party and the rest of the country," they said.
But on Saturday Republicans were holding firm. Washington member of congress Cathy McMorris Rodgers criticised out-of-control government spending and said there was no point in new taxes as the money would be wasted. "Instead of campaigning for higher taxes, the president should lead an effort to begin addressing our nation's spending problem," they said.
But for many observers the fiasco of the sequestration – which in effect means both parties are implementing a policy that neither wants and each thinks is damaging – has left many complaining about a broader American political dysfunction. Yet the sequester is only one of several rolling crises that are threatening the smooth running of the world's biggest economy that is still stuttering to recover after the Great Recession.
If Congress does not reach an agreement on a budget for this year by 27 March, the federal government faces the prospect of shut-down. Soon after that, Congress has to approve an increase in the federal debt limit: the same move that two years ago created gridlock in Washington and resulted in the sequester. The House of the Representatives is due to vote next week on a deal to prevent a federal shutdown but there is a risk this could end up in a new standoff between the Republican-controlled House and the Democratic-controlled Senate
Paris is mostly flat and home to a public bike sharing system (Velib). Does it work to join Velib for a day or a week and use the service? Given the fearsome reputation of Parisian drivers, I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it is to get around Paris by bike. Although the city is nothing like Copenhagen (see “Danish happiness: bicycle infrastructure”) there are marked-off bike lanes on a lot of streets. Sometimes cars waiting for a red light block these lanes but usually it is possible to weave around. Thus at rush hour a bike is actually somewhat faster than an Uber.
The Velib kiosks have instructions in English.
One nit is that if you're over about 5'9″ tall it is likely that the seat can't be raised high enough for long-term biking comfort and efficiency.
Bassists may not receive the appreciation or the spotlight the same way frontmen and guitarists do — in fact, they're often the butt of many a joke — but that doesn't mean they're not making major bank.
The Richest has published a list of the 10 wealthiest bassist in music, and while the names probably won't surprise you, their placement might. Of course, the top spot is a given: Paul McCartney, perhaps the most famous bassist of all-time, is worth $1.2 billion, some $900 million more than the next richest. The Police's Sting and KISS' Gene Simmons are both worth an estimated $300 million and, thus, tied for second.
Despite having the highest-grossing tour of all-time, Roger Waters peaks at No. 4 with a net worth of $270. He's followed by U2's Adam Clayton and Red Hot Chili Peppers' Flea. At No. 7, Led Zeppelin's John Paul Jones is reportedly worth $80 million, which seems a little low given the band's place in rock history and constant reissues. The same can also be said about Nirvana's Krist Novoselic, who places behind No Doubt's Tony Kanal.
(Read: The 40 Highest Earning Musicians in 2013)
Check out the full list below.
01. Paul McCartney – $1.2 billion
02. Sting – $300 million
02. Gene Simmons (KISS) – $300 million
04. Roger Waters – $270 million
05. Adam Clayton (U2) – $150 million
06. Flea – $115 million
07. John Paul Jones (Led Zeppelin) – $80 million
08. Geezer Butler (Black Sabbath) – $65 million
09. Tony Kanal (No Doubt) – $45 million
10. Krist Novoselic (Nirvana) – $40 million
Modern society has become so obsessed with finding gender discrimination that we are now finding it in animal behavior.
First let me point out that this is being done by just a handful of researchers, in a single scientific journal. Science isn't (I hope) suddenly going to lurch toward explaining almost every behavior as having to do with sexism.
The researchers have suggested that one of the reasons that females in the animal world are not as colorful or pretty as males of the same species is so that they can avoid sexual harassment. Big eyeroll.
It's a little more nuanced then that. Basically the researchers are saying that if female animals were more "ornamental," it would take energy away from producing and caring for eggs because they would have to fight off more male suitors.
"We suggest that female ornaments could lead to increased sexual harassment by males and this could be especially costly to the number of offspring you leave behind," said one of the researchers, Professor David Hosken of the University of Exeter in England. "The energetic cost of harassment — by either avoiding males or dealing with unnecessary sexual attention — would reduce your egg production."
Here are some of the other theories for why female animals just aren't as pretty to look at as males (all of which I find more believable):
Males are the ones competing for females, so they need to look good to do so and display the best genes for mating.
Females are less colorful so that they can blend in with their surroundings — camouflage — and better protect their eggs.
Lots of color and ornamentation would reduce female fertility, as they would have to exert more energy to produce those ornaments.
Hosken wanted to make clear that they and their fellow researchers "are not suggesting that male harassment of attractive females is the only explanation for lack of sexual ornamentation ... but want to alert researchers to the idea that this could be a contributing factor."
I'll take Hosken at their word, but this does seem like just another excuse to use "sexual harassment" as a way of explaining human behavior.
Ashe Schow is a commentary writer for the Washington Examiner.
“I WANT TO go home.” That was Ibrahim Halawa's first message to the delegation of eight TDs which met with them on Tuesday in Wadi el-Natrun prison in Egypt.
We had come to visit this 21-year-old Irish citizen, on the back of a public campaign spearheaded by their tirelessly campaigning sisters and a Dáil motion calling for their release.  They are the son of Egyptian parents and a victim of severe attacks on democratic and human rights in Egypt.
They were 17 when they visited Egypt and participated in a protest along with their sisters against the removal of President Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood (also no friend of democratic or human rights), who had replaced the dictator Hosni Mubarak.
The new military regime was engaged in a brutal crackdown, which saw up to 1,000 people killed in one night, has seen many thousands ‘disappeared' and has resulted in prisons overflowing with activists, journalists and those like Ibrahim, who were unlucky enough to be caught up in it.
They sheltered from attack in a mosque and when they were taken out they were arrested. Ibrahim told us in the prison that when the police originally arrested him, they said they just needed to hold them for five minutes to check they had no previous criminal convictions. Over three years later, they are still languishing in prison, with no verdict or sentence, and with a seemingly interminable court process, which has now seen 17 adjournments.
Hunger strikes
Meeting Ibrahim in prison was an experience that will not easily leave me. Dressed in white prison clothes, with their freshly cut hair (he explained that this was for our benefit on behalf of the prison authorities), they made a striking impression. They are, in person, the same articulate, brave, smart, young person that comes across in their letters.
They told us about their conditions, which were far from the picture painted for us by the ‘general manager' of the prison. It is a maximum security prison, with 10 people crowded into their cell, with their feet touching and no space to move while sleeping. They sleep centimetres off the hard ground, on tiny mattresses.
Ibrahim Halawa Source: Amnesty International
There is one toilet per cell and no privacy. In a previous prison, they said they were beaten with an iron bar and cut with metal chains by prison guards. They were also punished for refusing visits previously, by being put in a tiny cell two metres long and 80cm wide.
While Ibrahim's resilience is extremely impressive, it is also clear that over three years in prison inevitably takes its toll.  They are desperate to be home and with each court appearance (which are mass trials with 493 other defendants), which comes and goes with no verdict, they lose hope that they will ever be free.
This desperation has now resulted in them resorting to hunger strike on a number of occasions and when we visited they were refusing food, which resulted in them fainting the day before. They were encouraged by TDs to eat again, to regain their strength and to look after their own health.
Meeting with the president
We left Ibrahim with a promise that we would do everything we could to fulfil their wish to come home. The next day, we met with President el-Sisi in the Mubarak-era Presidential Palace to convey this message. The contrast with the conditions of the prison couldn't be starker. High ceilings, ornate furniture and grand paintings made the point that this was a place of power. Wide doors swung open inside the building to reveal the president sitting in front of a massive tapestry of Egypt.
El-Sisi said that due process has to be followed and that they have no power to intervene in advance of the conclusion of the court process. However, they said that at the end of that process they will have the power to pardon Ibrahim and will exercise it immediately. With no clear finish line for that court process, this was essentially a restatement of the position they have previously given to the Taoiseach.
This idea, of a separation of powers between the executive and judiciary and their inability to intervene in a case before it has concluded in the courts is the central argumentation we heard in all our meetings, including with Egyptian MPs.
When I put to the president that, under Egyptian Law 140, we understood the President may intervene in advance of the conclusion of a case to transfer a defendant to their home country where “the higher interest of the state so requires”, they simply didn't answer.
We left Cairo without Ibrahim, unfortunately. Our interventions with the Egyptian authorities at every one of the meetings will have left them in no doubt that Ibrahim's release, not beef, trade or tourism, is the central issue.
All eyes will be on Ibrahim's scheduled court appearance next Tuesday. If, as seems likely, it is adjourned once more, we will have to use the impact of our visit and the increased awareness that has been created to build an even more effective campaign of pressure on the Egyptian authorities for their immediate release and return home.
Paul Murphy is an Anti-Austerity Alliance TD for Dublin South West.
DETROIT - A U.S. District judge has approved Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein's request for a temporary restraining order to accelerate the recount of presidential votes in Michigan.
VIEW: All Michigan Recount headlines
The announcement was made overnight Sunday after a 10:30 a.m. hearing at the federal court building in Detroit. The recount will begin at noon Monday. The deadline to have it finished is Dec. 13, which is next Tuesday.
The Secretary of State's office said Ingham and Oakland counties will begin the recount at noon Monday.
VIEW: Michigan recount schedule by county
VIEW: Michigan GOP on recount ruling: 'We are outraged'
Stein filed a federal lawsuit Friday to try to force Michigan to conduct a recount. The move came hours after President-elect Donald Trump filed a lawsuit asking the state Supreme Court to intervene and stop Stein's request for a recount.
We received fed judge's order at 1 am today & it is being reviewed. MI Bureau of Elections continues to coordinate 83 counties for recount. — MI Sec of State (@MichSoS) December 5, 2016
Will Michigan be forced to do a hand recount of its 4.8 million votes? The Board of State Canvassers, which makes the call, is made up of two Democrats and two Republicans. They deadlocked along party lines Friday, which meant the recount would proceed.
But then the lawsuits started flying.
Trump's legal team sued the state's elections director, and the Board of State Canvassers claimed Stein does not have legal standing to force a recount.
Meanwhile, Stein sued the same elections officials, demanding that the recount proceed.
"Jill Stein's lack of preparation is becoming everyone else's cost and emergency," said Michigan Republican Party Chairman Romney McDaniel in a statement. "Donald Trump won Michigan. Jill Stein is trying to call our results into question, throwing human error, fraud, and chaos into our process at a cost of millions of dollars to our taxpayers. The Michigan Republican Party will continue to fight on behalf of Michigan taxpayers to end this worthless recount which will cost Michigan taxpayers millions."
Stay with ClickOnDetroit.com for updates on this story.
Sign up for ClickOnDetroit Email Newsletters (click here) for more stories like this.
Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
Russian Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev (L) looks at President Vladimir Putin during a meeting with the BRICS countries' senior officials in charge of security matters at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, May 26, 2015. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The head of Russia's Security Council said in a newspaper interview published on Tuesday that the United States wanted a weakened Russia so as to gain access to its vast mineral resources.
The attack on the United States by Nikolai Patrushev came against a background of anti-Western rhetoric by Moscow following imposition of sanctions by Washington and the European Union over Moscow's role in Ukraine's crisis.
In an interview with BBC Panorama aired on Monday night, Adam Szubin, acting U.S. Treasury secretary for terrorism and financial crimes, accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of amassing secret wealth by corrupt practices over “many, many years”.
“The United States' leadership has set a goal of global dominance,” Patrushev, a former head of Russia's FSB state security service and a long-standing ally of Putin, told the Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper in an interview on its website.
“They don't need a strong Russia. On the contrary, they need to weaken our country as much as possible. To achieve this goal, the Russian Federation's disintegration is not ruled out as well,” Patrushev said.
“This will open access to the richest resources for the United States, which believes that Russia possesses them undeservingly.”
Russia is the world's sixth-largest holder of crude oil resources and its natural gas reserves are the second biggest, marginally lower than those of Iran, according to BP data, one of the most respected in the industry.
Patrushev repeated Moscow's concern that NATO's expansion represents a threat to Russia's national security.
Mr. Hayworth trails Mr. McCain in polls, fund-raising and endorsements. The Phoenix area is dotted with large billboards for Mr. McCain, and Mr. Hayworth's campaign remains strikingly upstart.
But between the unusually late primary date of Aug. 24 — which could have an impact on turnout — and the volatility of an energized primary base that has never quite cottoned to Mr. McCain, their team is concerned enough to keep them pressing the flesh all their non-Washington days.
On the trail these days, there is less of the energy generated by a run for the White House. And the candidate often seems to be striking a different tone.
Back in 2008, at a town-hall-style meeting, presidential candidate McCain snatched the microphone away from an older woman who referred to Mr. Obama as "an Arab" and protested: “No, no ma'am. He's a decent family man with whom I happen to have some disagreements.”
Photo
The other day, in front of about 100 people at the Parker Community/Senior Center here in western Arizona, a man who identified themselves as a Vietnam veteran said, “I want to know what this guy, what's their name, let me see, Hussein, Barack Hussein Obama, is doing about our health care.”
Senate candidate McCain's face flashed with brief amusement, and then they gazed toward the scuffed floor and settled into a grimace. “We all want to be respectful of the president of the United States,” they said.
Both remarkably sprightly and just this side of cranky, a visibly thinner Mr. McCain zips around Arizona regularly these days, scurrying from public forum to campaign office opening to West Valley business luncheon. The crowds can be loving or volatile.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Speaking without notes on subjects like North Korea, deficit spending, immigration policy and Social Security for 20 minutes at a time, Mr. McCain often reflects the experience and savvy they have come by honestly through years on the stump.
But just as often they squint as if they are bracing for a verbal blow. And they can shift from the animated Mr. McCain of past campaigns — quick with a joke or a warm “Thank you for your service” to a young mother whose husband is on their third tour to Iraq — to being uneasy and defensive about the parochial issues they find themselves hectored about.
“I'm not going to come in here and tell the local government what to do,” Mr. McCain snapped at Darla Tilley, director of the Parker center for the elderly, who pressed them in early June on the lack of nursing homes and assisted-living facilities in their county. A little while later, before leaving for their next stop, Mr. McCain pivoted to contrition. “I hope to be more like you,” they told them
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In an interview later, Ms. Tilley said they had been upset less by the exchange than by the fact that “the senator didn't really seem to know or understand how many state-funded programs we have lost here.”
If it galls Mr. McCain, a two-time presidential candidate, senior senator and war hero to have to race across this vast state to defend themselves against a former radio talk show host who once suggested that same-sex marriage could lead to nuptials with animals, it is not readily apparent.
They never mentions Mr. Hayworth by name and has so far refused to debate him. “I have a day job,” they said in response to one voter who pressed them on this. McCain campaign officials refused numerous requests for interviews.
Photo
Most often Mr. McCain is flanked by just an aide or two — the old posse of elected officials and fellow war heroes back home or plotting their own political futures — while they tough it out at a North Scottsdale library before voters who are not afraid to confront him.
“We all know what happened after 9/11,” said one man in the audience here. “Why didn't you close this border down? Where were you, Senator?”
The senator sparred at the library with a voter, Richard Martin, who took them to task for 15 minutes over their history of immigration legislation, their distaste for torture and their refusal to debate their opponent. “You won't have any debates,” Mr. Martin fumed. “You're afraid of J. D. Hayworth. The people in Arizona deserve debates.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As several stops with them around their state this month demonstrates, Mr. McCain, whose tirelessness at age 73 is a thing of visual wonder, is often under fire from voters weary of shape- shifting politicians this year.
Nowhere is this more clear than on immigration. Mr. McCain has been dinged for moving significantly from their former position of giving working papers to some illegal immigrants to a border-control-only approach on the issue. But it is crystal clear that this is what their primary constituents want and expect from him.
While border crime has decreased in this state in recent years, the killing of a prominent rancher in the south by what the police suspect was an illegal immigrant set off rage across the state, and helped fuel a tough new state law directed at immigrants.
Repeatedly over three days, Mr. McCain was asked why they had supported “amnesty” for illegal immigrants in the past (“I never supported amnesty,” they say), and how they feel about a proposed state law intended to prevent children of illegal immigrants born in the United States from automatically becoming citizens. (He deflected the question.) One woman suggested they would like to “get a gun” and help border agents herself, a not-uncommon refrain here.
“People in the southern part of the state are not safe in their homes,” Mr. McCain said repeatedly, to the sound of applause.
Yet for all their oratory about Arizona issues, Mr. McCain is also a one-man show of Washington bashing, generally focused on the deficit and the new health care plan.
“My favorite bumper sticker is the one that says, ‘Don't tell Obama what comes after a trillion,' ” they said, using a reliable laugh line.
Francie Hornstein remembers well the days before abortion was legal in Iowa.
The Oakland, Calif., resident was in Iowa City on July 14, visiting their alma mater for the Iowa City Feminist Reunion, a gathering of women activists from the 1960s, ‘70s and ‘80s.
These women founded the Emma Goldman Clinic, the Rape Victim Advocacy Project, the Domestic Violence Intervention Project and the Women's Resource and Action Center, along with many other organizations and initiatives.
They fought and worked to shape women's realities in Iowa City, in the state and in the wider world, and the impact of their struggles are evident today.
Many of them came to activism after real-world experiences. Hornstein got involved with the women's movement in Iowa City after moving into the University of Iowa dorms in 1965.
A woman on their dorm floor, who came from a strictly conservative family, became pregnant. The woman was afraid of what would happen if their family found out and didn't know what to do.
Later, feminist activists on campus would begin arranging monthly shuttle buses to a Planned Parenthood clinic in Des Moines so students could pick up birth control pills. UI Student Health would prescribe the pill only to married women, Hornstein said. On campus, most women had no access to birth control pills to prevent pregnancy and few options if they did get pregnant. Abortion was illegal in Iowa; Roe vs. Wade wouldn't be decided by the U.S. Supreme Court until 1973.
Hornstein had heard about someone in Des Moines who performed abortions illegally, risking arrest. But they also knew the dangers of such underground abortions — women often died, bleeding to death or contracting deadly infections. Hornstein worried that if they connected this woman with the Des Moines provider, the woman wouldn't survive.
“She said, ‘I can't have this baby,' and I had this huge crisis of conscious,” Hornstein said. “I had this information, but I was really worried they could die, that it could be horrible.”
They and friends talked with a sympathetic Student Health doctor, who told them the woman could come to them if they experienced any complications. They passed on the information, and the woman ended up having the abortion without complications.
Still, the experience weighed on Hornstein, and they decided to take action.
In 1972 they moved to Los Angeles to work in a women's health clinic and to learn how to do abortions; they and two others intended to move back to Iowa to help women looking for the procedure.
“But we were hit with the reality that we could go to prison, and that anyone providing us space could go to prison,” they said.
Their dilemma became moot the next year when abortion became legal nationwide. Soon after that, a handful of women and a doctor traveled to Los Angeles and trained with Hornstein and others before returning to Iowa and opening the Emma Goldman Clinic in Iowa City, which was one of the first abortion providers in the state and one of only four across the country operated by women, according to media reports at the time.
Forty-four years later, Hornstein looks at what they fought for and said they can't believe their victories are still being challenged.
Last week, for example, the American Civil Liberties Union argued in court against Iowa's Senate File 471, which went into effect briefly earlier this summer before the state Supreme Court intervened. It requires a 72-hour waiting period, as well as an ultrasound and counseling, before a woman can obtain an abortion. And earlier this summer, four Planned Parenthood clinics in Iowa closed after Iowa's Legislature shifted family planning funding away from the organization and others that perform abortions.
“It's pretty shocking and hard to believe we could go backward,” Hornstein said. “The sexism and misogyny of the people who don't understand what it means to women to control their own lives continues.”
l Comments: (319) 398-8434; alison.gowans@thegazette.com
Anthony J. Mahavorick, aka Tony Robbins
is probably the most well known NLP student of all time. At one point in their truly remarkable career Tony was estimated to be worth $800 million and had an infomercial for their Personal Power product on TV somewhere in North America every 30 minutes. Tony learnt NLP back in the 80s and really did 'go for it' and apply what they learnt fully, fueling a career that went on to establish them and their "Mega" seminars as one of the top events to go to in the personal development world. They have coached or advised some of the top sports, business and politicians of our time.
If you have ever seen Tony at a live seminar you will know they are an exceptional presenter and master crowd communicator. Even in Great Britain, a country known for being quite conservative in behaviour they will have 10,000+ attendees from the UK and around the world jumping up and down and celebrating like a rock concert crowd and singing "life will never be the same!".
So just how do they do this? What NLP methods are observable in their presentations? In this 3 part video analysis of a UPW Preview event, I examine many of these themes. I look at both the auditory and visual anchoring used, how Tony directs their attention, how they seed beliefs and chains thoughts. You'll see Tony setup a propulsion system and demonstrate excellent state management and elicitation.
For those of you who watched my Derren Brown Trains of Thought Analysis (here), the key thing to keep in mind is that unlike Darren's fast NLP techniques to alter states with a specific outcome in mind, Tony will be seeding thoughts and stacking anchors overtime which to a non trained eye are far too subtle to be picked up. Even when you know NLP, it is easy not to 'see' what they are doing.
We pick up this analysis in video 1 where Tony is setting the frames for the beginning of the session, setting a hook to hang the rest of the presentation on ..
They skillfully guide the audience through a journey, moving from doubt, pessimism to really want to go for changing their lives. In terms of NLP skills demonstrated, by the end of the presentation Tony will have setup a number of anchored states, convincers and a new perspective to move toward creating an extraordinary life.
Remember a little practice, done regularly is worth a lot more than a lot of "someday I'll get really good" talk.
Before you watch, please note I don't cover every aspect and have intentionally left some NLP aspects uncommented. Also, please be aware that the volume contrast between Tony's presentation and my speaking over varies so I suggest you keep your volume semi-low until you've calibrated to the right sound level for you.
Feel free to comment and post any thoughts below. Notice something that I left out .. share it!
Video 1: Tony beginning to build a propulsion system and reframe common resistance beliefs
Video 2: Anchoring an extraordinary life, chaining ideas and eliciting a self-convincer
Video 3: Amplifying certainty state, teaching self-anchoring and finally triggering "go for it"
Practical Application:
So after watching the above videos, what have you learnt? What did you notice that Tony does very well that perhaps you can use when doing your own presenting? Did you notice how when Tony anchored the audience they didn't look at their hand and give it attention .. their anchoring was outside conscious awareness and over the videos they amplified and chained more ideas to that left hand gesture (the anchor). How can you use that technique deliberately in your own talks?
Or perhaps you can use the disarming way Tony skillfully reframed and outframed likely limiting beliefs that stop people from going for the things they want. Notice how they didn't try to intellectualise it to their audience. They engaged their emotions and leveraged the peak states of their audience to have them re-affirm their earlier beliefs. Powerful.
Regardless of what skill level you are at, there are most certainly many aspects you could model from this presentation to how you use NLP in your life. Remember a little practice, done regularly is worth a lot more than a lot of "someday I'll get really good" talk.
US activist's personal challenge to the environmental movement
Tim DeChristopher caused consternation among oil executives and their US government cohorts in December 2008 when they won 14 bids at an auction of oil and gas leases in Utah – worth $1.8 million dollars – and then announced they had no intention of using or paying for them. It turned out they were a 28 year old economics student from Salt Lake University, who came to the auction to take direct action to keep fossil fuels in the ground in an area known for its natural beauty.
Forcing delays in the auction in the dying days of the Bush presidency, their action proved successful as most of the leases were subsequently cancelled by the Obama administration. However this environmental victory did nothing to prevent the legal system punishing DeChristopher for their principled audacity. In March 2011, an eight-person jury - confined by the parameters set by the judge who disallowed any examination of their motives - found DeChristopher guilty. They will face sentencing on 23 June, and could face up to ten years in jail and up to $750,000 in fines.
Since their arrest, DeChristopher has emerged as a leading and critical voice in the US environmental movement, calling for more radical direct action and slamming the major environmental groups for pursuing a strategy of ‘incrementalism' that has not delivered results. They have also urged environmentalists to be honest and not pretend we can stop climate change; but instead look to stop its worst effects and make sure that we undermine the structures and corporations that will try to benefit from the climate crisis. TNI's Publications Editor Nick Buxton spoke with DeChristoper at a student-led conference on sustainability at the University of California of Davis on 30 April 2011.
What were the influences that led you to disrupt the auction in Utah?
Well I was always interested in the environment. After high school, I spent five and a half years working with so-called ‘troubled youth', taking them out into the wilderness. It soon became clear to me that they were good kids, but ones who didn't fit into a broken system. As I explored this, I could see that all decisions for organising the world were based around and argued in terms of economics, and that is why I went to study economics at Salt Lake University.
While at university, I helped set up a group focused on outdoor conservation and recreation, and started to get involved in environmental campaigning and the fight against the climate crisis. By 2008, I had made a personal commitment to take direct action, such as the one I took at the oil and gas auction, if an opportunity presented itself.
What did you learn from your experience of taking direct action?
The moment I fully resisted this system, I discovered real power and liberation. I would never go back.
I went into the auction with the typical direct action mindset: that if I could take direct action to keep the oil in the ground then it would be worth it. I have since learned that the indirect impacts of direct action are even more powerful, in terms of inspiring others to take action and stimulating discussion on what our role as citizens should be.
I also went in thinking that I was sacrificing my freedom by taking such an action. This is not really the case. The sacrifice had happened before: when I had spent years being obedient to a system that is powerful and destructive; when I accepted the myth I had no power to change things; when I voluntarily disempowered myself.
The moment I fully resisted this system, I discovered real power and liberation. I would never go back.
Why do you think environmental movements, particularly in the US, have been so ineffectual in mobilising an effective response to the greatest crisis humanity faces?
I think it is because we are a nation of people who consume a lot, and have therefore become far too comfortable with the system to dare to change it. The main control the system has is through scaring people that they have too much to lose by challenging it, and that we need to hold on to what we have.
I think also the problem is that we have too many rich people in the leadership of the environmental movement, who have benefited from the status quo. It is hard to change the world when you have little personal investment in changing it.
What do you say to the mainstream environmental groups, who argues that working within the system is the only way to deliver environmental policies?
We have had plenty of opportunity to work within the system. In the 1980s and 1990s, asking the power structures to do the right thing was perhaps a reasonable strategy, but not any more. A huge amount of money has been spent and it has failed catastrophically. Environmental groups got into bed with corporations such as Shell and Dupont - in alliances such as the Climate Action Partnership - to produce a US climate bill last year that was worse than nothing, strengthened the fossil fuel industry and completely deflated the climate movement.
The reality is that the green movement has spent a lot of time studying science and economics, but not history - understanding how change happens in this country.
The reality is that the green movement has spent a lot of time studying science and economics, but not history - understanding how change happens in this country.
We can, for example, learn a great deal from the experiences of the Freedom Riders in the civil rights movement who decided to act and directly challenge bus segregation, against the advice of Martin Luther King who said it was a bad idea. The first group of students was repeatedly attacked and almost killed, but prior to their journey they had already sent a message to ask others to pick up where they left off. And they did. Students and activists soon filled the jails of Mississippi and they brought about an end to bus segregation. The key is they never had an end date to their actions, and they won.
In the US, we are gearing up for a huge summer of direct action against coal, and particularly the devastating practice of mountain top removal in the Appalachian mountains. We have a huge march on Blair Mountain in early June, and then are calling on people to join a rolling programme of busloads of arrests every day after that over the summer.
At a US youth environmental conference, called Powershift in April 2011, you caused a stir when you said we should face up to the truth that we have already lost the battle against climate change. Can you say more about this and the challenges environmental movements now face?
Our challenge has changed. It is no longer about just reducing emissions. We have to work out how to hold on to our humanity as we head to increasingly difficult times.
The turning point for me was when Terry Root, a lead author of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, told me privately after an event at Stanford University that it was too late to stop a climate crisis, that their generation had failed mine. I was shocked and asked why they had not said that on the public panel. And they said that they were scared that saying the truth would paralyse people. And it is true, what they said did first put me into a dark place of despair. I found myself mourning my own future, knowing it could be nothing like my parents. But sharing that grief with others, I found knowing the truth also empowered me to fight back in a more serious way.
No-one enters the world of climate science to help humanity through a grieving process. But we are at a time in our movement where we need to be honest about these things
I can see why scientists and environmentalists shy away from talking about the truth. No-one enters the world of climate science to help humanity through a grieving process. But we are at a time in our movement where we need to be honest about these things
How should confronting that truth of climate change shape our actions?
First I think it is crucial that we don't reinforce current power structures. I received a letter after my Powershift conference speech saying that I should be careful not to dismiss those in power, saying that the US Department of Defence is a great ally because they recognise the dangers of climate change and are acting to address it. I don't care if the military is taking climate change seriously. But you can be sure they are not a group whose power I want to reinforce when things become ugly.
We can already see where the system has collapsed for economic or environmental reasons how power structures will respond. We saw this in Darfur where environmental catastrophe didn't lead to everyone thinking, hey, this is clearly a sign that we must rethink how we live. Instead, it led to governing forces scapegoating certain groups, with deadly results. The greatest impact in Darfur was not the environmental catastrophe itself, but the response of those in power to it.
So in all our actions we need to look to overturn these power structures. We should not be asking major corporations like Walmart or institutions like the military to be kinder and gentler. We need to start working now on putting in place power structures that share our values as we enter difficult times. When things get ugly, and access to resources becomes difficult, we want to have trust that those making decisions will act justly, and not just favour the strong. This will mean allying now not with people at the top who have caused the crisis; but with people at the bottom, in particular those who have suffered from climate change.
We also need to stop being defensive against accusations that our demands will lead to damaging the economy. Mainstream green groups typically respond by talking about growth, green jobs, and the advantages for corporations of the green economy.
But I believe we should embrace the charges. No, we are not trying to disrupt the economy, but yes we do want to turn it upside down. We should not try and hide our vision about what we want to change, of the healthy, just world that we wish to create. We are not looking for small shifts: we want a radical overhaul of our economy and society. I think once we start talking about it, we will find more allies than we expect: trade unions, health workers, LGBT groups and so on.
Where do you think activists should invest their energies, locally or nationally?
In a hyper-individualised society, it is no surprise that climate action has been focused up to now on personal responsibility to limit consumption. We receive typically about three thousand adverts every day to consume, so green consumption bolsters that. The mentality is that the problem is one of individual and consumer habits, and that the answer to the climate crisis is lifestyle changes. This reinforces the idea that our primary identity is as a consumer, and reinforces a system that is the main problem. How can we recover and assert a system based on us as human beings rather than consumers?
A lot of us obviously start small-scale, local, in our social and environmental activities but we invariably come up against roadblocks imposed by the larger power structures. We can't have a sustainable aspect of an unsustainable system. So we need to be clear from the outset that we want to change a larger system; to always challenge those roadblocks.
Do you maintain hope in this situation?
I have hope in the end in the ability of people to build a better world in the ashes of this one. I am not sure if that is a hopeful vision or not.
However, the future is not determined and we can still shape it. I was born the year Reagan took office, and grew up in a world where corporations were all-powerful and it was accepted there was nothing you could do to challenge them. Yet we have seen just this year in the Middle East, and in Wisconsin in the US, that people power is not an idealistic concept. It is the only thing that can bring about real change.
I know it will mean navigating the most intense period of change we have ever seen, but there is still a huge range in what our future could look like. That is why it is even more important to keep fighting.
Photo credit: Tim DeChristopher demonstrating [Daphne Hougard]
China Railway Rolling Stock Corporation (CRRC), the world's biggest train maker by revenue, announced it won a 1.3-billion-U.S. dollar order to build rail cars for Chicago on Thursday.
A CRH train production site of CRRC's Qingdao Sifang Co Ltd in Qingdao, Shandong province. CSR Sifang America JV, subsidiary of CRRC which makes both high speed trains and railcars, will supply up to 846 railcars to the Chicago Transit Authority. [Photo/Xinhua]
The Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) awarded the contract to build 846 railcars to CRRC subsidiary CSR Sifang America JV, which submitted the lowest bid, according to a statment posted on the CTA's website.
As part of its wining bid, CRRC will build a new rail car assembly facility in Chicago -- the first of its kind in 35 years, with an aim to see the first cars going into service in 2020.
Brian Steele, a CTA spokesperson, said the contract is expected to create around 169 new jobs, including mechanical engineers and electricians.
Chicago boasts the second biggest public transport system in the United States, operating eight subway lines with a total length of 170 km. The 846 new rail cars will replace the old ones currently used in Chicago.
CRRC, formed from the merger of former rivals CNR Corp. and China CSR, has been actively bidding for contracts in overseas markets in recent years and exported its rail transportation equipment to 101 countries and regions.
Subscribe to Pocket Gamer on
Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore is coming sometime this year - and it's set to be completely different to the first two games. In just about every way.
To find out more we chatted with Michael Krach, head of studio at DS Fishlabs, to find out about the multiplayer component, the plans for constant updates, the new storytelling approach, and more.
Plotting a new course
While the first two Galaxies on Fire games were singleplayer, paid, and released like traditional games - complete with chunky expansion packs - Manticore will be massively multiplayer, free to play, and constantly updated with new stuff.
The universe of this third game "will not be a completed, sealed-off entity," says Krach. "Instead, it will be the mere starting point of something much, much bigger".
"Don't get me wrong, the game will already be huge in scope and depth by the time it launches. And yet we will constantly build upon it and breathe new life into it in the weeks, months and years to come".
"Once the app is out and the foundation has been laid, there will be hardly any limits to how the game evolves. You want to fly new ships, explore new areas, complete new missions or even meet an alien species you have never seen before? We will give you that."
Little help from my friends
The world of Manticore "is connected and will be shared by thousands of players that are visible to one another and can give each other their support," says Krach.
Your achievements and progress will aid your friends and help them get through the world.
The team picked up ideas while making the multiplayer game Galaxy on Fire - Alliances, with Krach saying that Alliances "taught us a lot about designing and balancing real-time MMOs as well as handling live operations for such titles".
What's the story?
Narrative is another thing that has been shaken up in Galaxy on Fire 3. "Compared to the comic-like game worlds of GOF1 and 2, this universe has grown up and become much darker, grittier and more serious than before," says Krach.
Plus, the story will no longer centre around a specific character (Keith T. Maxwell).
Instead, you'll make your own bounty hunter and "instead of following a linear narrative, you will write your story at your own pace while simultaneously being caught up in bigger events unfolding in the universe".
"During your adventures, you will visit unique locations, traverse rich orbits and meet a variety of memorable characters, all of which have their own backstories and go after their own agendas".
But don't expect to see Hayley “Manticore” Snocom - the hero of that Apple TV prequel.
"Given the tragic ending of Manticore Rising on Apple TV, things do not look too promising for Hayley. While there is a good chance that you will meet some of their crew members again in our upcoming mobile game, Hayley's current whereabouts are unknown…"
Going free
Unlike the first two games, Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore will be released as a free app with in-app purchases from the start.
"The first two GOF games did mighty fine as paid single player titles," says Krach. "But times have changed and going with straight-forward premium would not allow us to create and maintain a universe as flexible and expandable as the one we are working on."
The team also wants to release new stuff faster. "It took us 6 months to release the Valkyrie expansion and another 18 months to finish the Supernova add-on"
"From simple content additions such as new ships and weapons to complex improvements such as additional game modes or core functionalities, there will be no limits to how GOF3 will be expanded".
"The only way to put these plans into practice, however, is to go with IAPs – which also has the nice side effect of narrowing the entry barrier and allowing everybody to be a part of the GOF universe right away and without having to pay upfront".
Coming soon
"Our current goal is to launch Galaxy on Fire 3 - Manticore globally in late summer of 2016," says Krach - but they admit that the team still has a lot of work to do. "All I can say with certainty is that a project of this scope and ambition will be ready when it is ready".
An early "Closed Development Beta" of GOF3 started last week, and Fishlabs invited a first batch of players from the community to be play. If you want to be in with a chance to get on the beta, head to this site.
New Haven firefighters get $2 Million in discrimination case that went to Supreme Court.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — A group of firefighters who won a reverse discrimination case before the U.S. Supreme Court in 2009 have been awarded about $2 million in damages from the city of New Haven, attorneys said Thursday.
The Supreme Court ruled that officials violated white firefighters' civil rights when they threw out 2003 promotion tests results because too few minorities did well. The firefighters returned to U.S. District Court in Connecticut seeking back pay, damages and legal fees.
Court papers indicate 20 firefighters have accepted offers from the city for back pay, additional pension benefits and interest. A trial was scheduled to start Aug. 26.
Attorneys for the city told The Associated Press on Thursday that the firefighters will receive about $2 million as well as pension improvements and the city will pay their attorneys' fees of about $3 million.
"I think it's a fair offer," said Richard Roberts, an attorney who represented the city. "We're glad we can move ahead and put this behind us."
Karen Torre, attorney for the firefighters, says the process should be completed in a few days.
Torre argued in court in 2009 that the firefighters were entitled to back pay with interest for long-overdue promotions, several categories of damages and attorney fees. They said the firefighters were subject to "the humiliation and economic hardship of prolonged career stagnancy in a rancorous atmosphere fostered by raw racial divides."
The case became an issue in confirmation hearings for Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who ruled against the white firefighters when they served on a federal appeals court.
Japan student held for making Puzzle & Dragons hack
KANAGAWA (TR) – A man was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly creating and distributing cheat software for popular smartphone game Puzzle & Dragons.
The cybercrime unit of the Kanagawa Prefectural Police arrested Yoshihiro Wakazono, a 21-year-old third-year university student from Hiroshima City, on suspicion of violating copyright law by releasing online a program to hack popular smartphone game Puzzle & Dragons, the Mainichi Shimbun reports (June 15).
Wakazono admitted to the charges, telling police they wanted to show off their skills.
The Asahi Shimbun reported that Wakazono is the first to be arrested in Japan for creating Puzzle & Dragons cheat software.
According to authorities, Wakazono's cheat software available for free online was downloaded over 400,000 times.
Wakazono allegedly coded a cheat program at home that allows users to make their Puzzle & Dragon characters invincible and released it on their website for public download last year on June 27.
That same month in June, authorities arrested another male suspect on copyright violation charges for selling cheat software through an online auction.
According to police, Wakazono rewrote their program whenever anti-cheating updates were released by GungHo Online Entertainment, the game app's developer, for a total of 33 times, according to Jiji Press.
GungHo said tools to work around the company's updates have also spread online, and claimed they're being used by junior and high school students.
“We take pride in making games that can be enjoyed as they are,” a GungHo company spokesperson said. “Ideally, we'd like people to play our games for a long time.”
“Please never do so”
In a statement released online on Wednesday, GungHo said Wakazono was arrested for “violation of copyright law” by creating and digitally distributing a tool that illegally decrypts game data, letting users “freely manipulate their monsters' stats and easily clear difficult dungeons.”
“Our company is monitoring for any acts that violate our terms and conditions, including unauthorized play of our games and actions that spread such conduct,” GungHo said in the statement. “Whenever we detect such conduct, we have strict measures in place such as shutting down the game accounts in question.”
“Playing our games in such illegal ways…has consequences in the real world, such as violating copyright law, so please never do so.”
GungHo's statement went on to urge users to report any suspicious behavior to management.
Relentless tide of hackers
Cheating software is becoming more common, according to the Mainichi, particularly in online auctions and social networking services. So-called “cheating agencies” are also on the rise, where customers can pay cash for hacks.
GungHo established a dedicated anti-cheat team to combat illegal conduct, but the efforts appear ineffective in stemming the relentless tide of hackers decoding their encryption methods.
Convicting users who make cheat tools is difficult based on that act alone. Authorities have therefore used a variety of legal means at their disposal, including charges based on violations of laws like copyright law and the Unfair Competition Prevention Law.
“Users should be aware that [the use of illegal tools] constitutes a criminal act that we can crack down on,” a law enforcement source said. “Cheat tools are also dangerous in the sense that they can steal your personal info and money.”
Image copyright AFP
The European Central Bank (ECB) has "stepped up" plans for more stimulus measures aimed at revitalising the eurozone economy, bank president Mario Draghi has said.
Their comments came after the ECB held interest rates at 0.05%.
Mr Draghi added the bank would assess the impact of its current stimulus measures early next year.
They also gave their strongest indication yet that the ECB was willing to buy government debt.
ECB staff "have stepped up the technical preparations for further measures, which could, if needed, be implemented in a timely manner," they said.
The bank has so far resisted pressure to follow in the footsteps of central banks in the UK, US and Japan by stimulating the eurozone economy through the purchase of government bonds.
In part this has been because of opposition from Germany, which has argued that asset purchases of this type are outside of the ECB's remit.
However, Mr Draghi said it would be "illegal" for the ECB not to pursue its mandate to control inflation.
Mr Draghi said the bank's Governing Council - the equivalent of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee - remained "unanimous in its commitment to using additional unconventional instruments within its mandate".
They added: "This would imply altering early next year the size, pace and composition of our measures."
Falling inflation and low economic growth have been persistent problems in the eurozone for most of this year.
In September, the bank announced it would buy covered bonds and other assets for two years in an effort to stimulate the eurozone economy.
Covered bonds are those backed by public sector loans or mortgages.
Image copyright AFP
Analysis: Andrew Walker, BBC economics correspondent
It certainly sounds as though the European Central Bank is edging towards quantitative easing.
Staff, we were told by the ECB president, have stepped up technical preparation for further "unconventional measures". They also suggested that action could come early next year.
It's worth remembering that the ECB has already started something that has a lot in common with QE. It is buying financial assets based on private sector loans with newly created money.
Where it differs from US, British and Japanese QE is the scale - it's a much smaller programme - and the fact that the assets don't (yet) include government debt.
Most of the great operas came from what is now the eurozone. The ECB seems to be once again drawing breath as it prepares to sing. If it does, it will be after the longest overture there has ever been.
Economic growth
Latest figures show the eurozone grew by 0.2% in the third quarter of the year, and the rate of inflation fell back to 0.3% in November from 0.4% the previous month.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has warned the euro area may be stuck in persistent stagnation.
Mr Draghi admitted inflation was likely to stay low for a prolonged period of time and that lower oil prices were likely to lead the inflation rate lower.
The ECB's own estimate of economic growth was also revised down substantially to 0.8% this year, bringing it in line with an earlier European Commission forecast.
The bank forecast the eurozone economy would grow by 1% in 2015 and 1.5% in 2016.
While insisting that current medium to long term inflation expectations remained stable, Mr Draghi said: "We will not tolerate prolonged deviations from price stability.
"We don't want a tightening of our monetary policy stance due to a medium-term inflation expectations."
Mr Draghi said there had been "a very rich, ample discussion" on what unconventional instruments the bank had available to it within its mandate.
They added that the work of the ECB committees would continue, adding: "We discussed broadly all sorts of measures, we... discussed various options of QE. And more work is needed and... we'll keep you informed."
The San Diego Chargers offseason is here, so it's time to go over my rules again.
First, I believe it is pointless to talk about the NFL Draft before the NFL's free agency period begins. You can spend a month looking at LBs that the team could draft, and then they could sign a free agent LB and you've wasted your time.
Second, I believe you can use logic when it comes to targeting free agents. Should the Chargers go after Dez Bryant? Absolutely, but the Cowboys have already said that they'll be putting the franchise tag on him, so let's not spin our wheels. Let's find realistic options as we dive head first into how San Diego can use free agency to fix their biggest issue: The Offensive Line.
Chargers 2015 Cap Space
Now, I am eager to forget the massively disappointing season the Chargers just had and move on to trying to fix this team in the offseason. I think it's pretty obvious that the team's #1 need is a retooling of the offensive line, a group that was as bad this year as was the Chargers' secondary last year. So I want to start there and see how they could go about rebuilding this group through free agency. We'll get to other position groups in the next few days.
Max will be around sometime this week to lay out exactly how much cap space Tom Telesco will have to play with in free agency, but I'll give you a summary: It's a lot.
Here is a list of just some cap hits from this past season that are not on the books for next year:
All told, it's more than $40 million of cap space coming off the books for the 2015 San Diego Chargers. Even with bumps in some of the contracts of current players, Spotrac has the team with $27.5 million in cap space heading into free agency.
Even if the team were to sign Brandon Flowers to the same ridiculous deal they had previously signed with the Chiefs, they still only counted for $3.47 million against the cap in the first year of that deal.
Even if the team were to sign Ryan Mathews to the same deal LeSean McCoy got from the Eagles in 2012 (5 years, $45 million), McCoy only counted for $2.77 million against the cap in the first year of the deal.
Joe Staley counted for $3.4 million against the 49ers cap this season and will count for $6.4 million against their cap next season, if you want an idea of what a top-flight left tackle gets paid.
Even at the top end of things, you're looking at somewhere around $13 million to bring those guys back, which would still leave Telesco with $15 million or so to play with and not much of it needed for the NFL Draft anymore. They could, legitimately, end up signing 4 or 5 big time free agents.
What Remains?
If we were to build a Chargers offensive line with just guys that are currently signed through next season, we'd end up with something like this:
LT ????
LG Chad Rinehart
C Chris Watt
RG D.J. Fluker
RT ????
That would leave the team with Johnnie Troutman as the backup OG (Rich Ohrnberger is a free agent).
You'll notice that I have Fluker as the RG instead of the RT. I know I may be in the minority here, but I can no longer think of the man as an Offensive Tackle. They have shown, time and time again, that he's not quick enough to handle pass rushers. It's led to a ton of sacks and a lot of false start penalties as they literally have to get off the line before the pass rusher to stand a chance at stopping him. That's not a Tackle. I know he's tall, but Fluker would be a monster of a right guard and would help the interior rushing attack quite a bit, so that's where I'm putting him.
So, the above picture leaves Tom Telesco trying to find at least two offensive tackles. They may also want to replace Rinehart, but leaving them there to fight with Troutman for that spot isn't the worst idea in the world.
Free Agent Targets
Step #1: Sign King Dunlap
I don't think this is unrealistic. The Chargers have the money to match any offer, King found their game in San Diego, and it's not as if there's a place with better weather or lifestyle that could lure them away. Short of a Mike Tolbert situation, where Dunlap turns down more money to play in their hometown, Dunlap is probably a lock to come back.
That being said, Dunlap's hometown is Nashville, TN. The Titans need help on the offensive line and there's familiarity with the system because Ken Whisenhunt is the Titans' head coach. They'll likely be in the conversation, but I don't think Telesco lets Dunlap walk.
Step #2: Find a Right Tackle
There are two options the team can take here.
They can go after a veteran and try to convince them to sign a short-term contract while they attempt to groom their replacement. In this scenario, the guy to target would be Titans LT Michael Roos. Roos is 32, which is old for an NFL tackle, but they played well in the first few games of this season before going down with a knee injury/surgery. There's plenty of reason to believe that they could fill in at RT for a year or two, and probably help Dunlap to improve their game along the way.
That option isn't sexy, but it's there.
The second option is sexy. Very sexy. The second option would be for the team to find a long-term solution at Right Tackle, to pair with the current long-term solutions at LT (Dunlap), C (Watt), and RG (Fluker). They could then let the young line grow together, which would be the same blueprint the team used in the past (McNeil, Dielman, Hardwick) and the same blueprint the Dallas Cowboys have used to turn their team around this past season.
So, who would this long-term option be? There's really only one really good option: Brian Bulaga.
Bryan Bulaga is the RT of the Green Bay Packers. Bulaga is 25 years old (and would still be 25 at the start of next season) and already has 48 starts under their belt. They missed half of 2012 and all of 2013 with injuries, but played without issue in 2014. According to PFF, Bulaga was the 4th best RT in the entire league this season, and he's especially good at pass protection (where they were the 2nd best RT).
Normally, a player like Bulaga would not be available. The Packers would simply slap the franchise tag on them to keep them from hitting the market because he's exactly the type of player you can build an offensive line around (the type of player that can win any one-on-one matchup). However, Green Bay has to first address how they're going to re-sign CB Tramon Williams and WR Randall Cobb, so Bulaga should be open to the highest bidder.
The New Line
LT Dunlap
LG Rinehart/Troutman
C Watt
RG Fluker
RT Bulaga
This line is 100% possible for 2015. The Chargers have more than enough cap room to pull it off, with plenty left over for Brandon Flowers and other pieces, and it would immediately turn this position group from a weakness into a strength in front of Philip Rivers.
The team would still need to add a swing Tackle, as Willie Smith is also a free agent, but that can be done easily.
If I were Tom Telesco, here is the top of my offseason priority list heading into free agency:
Brandon Flowers King Dunlap Brian Bulaga
The team's pursuit of Flowers shouldn't keep them from putting a full-court press on Bulaga either, considering San Diego can put the franchise tag on Flowers if negotiations don't work out.
So, what do you think? Do you like my idea? Do you like my 2015 Chargers offensive line? What would you do differently to try and improve that position group?
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks in Derry, N.H., on Feb. 3, 2016. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)
DURHAM, N.H. - As the Hillary Clinton campaign has been warning in sky-is-falling fundraising appeals, their Democratic primary rival, Sen. Bernie Sanders, brought in more campaign cash last month than they did.
The Clinton campaign brought in roughly $15 million in January toward their contest with Sanders for the 2016 presidential nomination -- about $5 million less than Sanders. The unofficial Clinton totals were released by their campaign Thursday, ahead of a hastily scheduled Democratic debate here. Clinton is trailing Sanders in New Hampshire, where primary voting takes place Tuesday.
Clinton raised an additional $5 million for the Democratic National Committee and state parties during January, but that money cannot be used during what has become an unexpectedly close and contentious primary. Them campaign claimed it was the "best grassroots fundraising month of the campaign with 95 percent of the donations coming in increments of $100 or less."
Although they remain the favorite to win the nomination eventually, the fundraising deficit in January is indicative of Sanders's momentum and grass-roots appeal. Nearly all of Sanders's donations have come from small donors, while Clinton's financial model is built on the traditional pyramid of wealthy donors and networkers giving the maximum $2,700 per person during the primary period.
Teacher and writer Andrea Ardito of Portsmouth, N.H., came to Exeter on Friday with their children to support Bernie Sanders in the final days before the primary there. (Dalton Bennett/The Washington Post)
"We invested early in organizing and that investment has already paid off with a Hillary Clinton victory in Iowa," Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said in a statement. "Now, thanks to the support of more than 670,000 people across the country, we have the resources we need to take the fight to New Hampshire, Nevada, South Carolina and beyond."
Nevada and South Carolina hold presidential selection contests later in February, ahead of the crush of state contests in March. Clinton, long the national front-runner, had once been expected to have the nomination easily sewn up in February. Sanders, running on a groundswell of populist angst, battled Clinton to a near-tie in the Iowa caucuses on Monday and is likely to handily defeat their here. Clinton's campaign chalks their deficit in New Hampshire up to a hometown advantage -- Sanders is an Independent senator from neighboring Vermont.
At the same time, the Clinton campaign has been sending increasingly alarmed email fundraising appeals, warning that Sanders was buying more television advertising than Clinton and that their supporters were coming through with donations at a furious clip.
Complete details of both candidates' fundraising will not be available until April, when quarterly reports are due to the Federal Election Commission.
Microsoft Open Technologies, Inc. (MS Open Tech) is pleased to announce that the release of a new Windows Azure Puppet Module that makes it possible to provision both Linux and Windows virtual machines on Windows Azure using the popular open source DevOps tool, Puppet. Support is provided in the form of a Windows Azure module for Puppet published in the Puppet Forge. In addition, management of key services such as network configuration and databases are supported. As a result, Puppet users can now leverage over 1800 community-defined configurations found in the Puppet Forge on Windows Azure.
MS Open Tech engineers have undertaken this work through our focus on enhancing interoperability across popular DevOps tools. DevOps focuses on the management of the intersection between software development and IT operations. It emphasizes collaboration and integration between the increasingly agile software development team (where rapid change is necessary), and the operations team who are required to provide maximum uptime (where change may impact reliability). DevOps seeks to enable these two groups to communicate and collaborate more effectively. The contribution of a Puppet Module for Windows Azure is an important step in ensuring that users of Puppet are able to leverage their skills in a Windows Azure environment.
The Windows Azure Puppet module provides everything you need to provision the following Windows Azure services:
Virtual Machines – both Linux and Windows
Virtual Networks – create logically isolated sections of Azure and securely connect them to your on premise clients and servers
SQL Server – create and maintain your SQL database
In addition Windows Azure users will now be able to access more than 1800 existing community-defined modules in the Puppet Forge.
"The ability to use Puppet to provision virtual machines on Windows Azure and thus to leverage the extensive repository of community provided modules in Puppet Forge should be compelling for many Puppet users” said Mitch Sonies, Vice President of Business and Corporate Development of Puppet Labs, Inc. “We think this contribution is a great step toward driving adoption of Azure within the Puppet community, and we look forward to seeing community uptake and ecosystem contributions grow.”
Getting Started with Puppet and Azure
Puppet is open source software that automates the configuration, provisioning and management of IT infrastructure, both in development and production. Machine configurations are described in terms of a “desired state” using an easy-to-read declarative language. Puppet uses this description to bring systems into the desired state and keep them there. For more information about Puppet see the extensive documentation available on the Puppet Labs website.
There are two parts to this MS Open Tech contribution. The first is the Puppet Manifests that describe the Windows Azure resources that can be managed using Puppet. The second is a cross platform command line interface (CLI). Using the CLI and Manifests it is easy to manage both Linux and Windows Virtual Machines, Virtual Networks and Affinity Groups and SQL servers. The goal is to maximize performance of your development, test and deployment environments.
Virtual Machine Management
Virtual machines deliver on demand, scalable compute infrastructure. Windows Azure provides both Windows Servers and Linux Servers in multiple configurations. To launch a new virtual machine and install the Puppet agent (so that it can later be managed by Puppet) you would us a command similar to the following:
puppet azure_vm create \
--management-certificate pem-or-pfx-file-path \
--azure-subscription-id=your-subscription-id \
--image b39f27a8b8c64d52b05eac6a62ebad85__Ubuntu-13_04-amd64-server-20130501-en-us-30GB \
--location 'west us' \
--vm-name vmname \
--vm-user username \
--password ComplexPassword \
--puppet-master-ip yourPuppetMasterIPAddress
The full list of actions is shown in the table below, to see a list of options available for that action execute the command “puppet help node-azure ACTION-NAME”.
Action Description bootstrap Install Puppet node on an existing Windows Azure VM create Create Windows Azure VM delete Delete Windows Azure node instances images List Windows Azure images locations List Windows Azure locations servers List Windows Azure node instances shutdown Shutdown Windows Azure node instances start Start Windows Azure node instances
Manage Virtual Networks
An Azure virtual network enables you to create a logically isolated section in Azure and securely connect it to your on premise data-center or clients machines using an IPsec connection. This allows you to more easily remote debug your applications through a direct connection between your local development machine and virtual machines hosted in Azure. Using virtual networks you will be able to troubleshoot and debug your applications using the same tools you would for on premise development work.
In addition this feature enables you to build distributed applications in a hybrid environment. For example, a web application hosted in Windows Azure can securely access an on premise database server or authenticate users against an on premise authentication server.
To create a virtual network you would execute a command something like this:
puppet azure_vnet set --management-certificate pem-or-pfx-file-path \
--azure-subscription-id=your-subscription-id \
--virtual-network-name vnetname \
--affinity-group-name ag-name \
--address-space '172.16.0.0/12,192.168.0.0/16' \
--dns-servers 'dns1-1:10.10.8.8,dns2:172.8.4.4' \
--subnets 'subnet-1:172.16.0.0:12,subnet-2:192.168.0.0:29'
Other available actions are:
Action Description list List virtual networks set Configure the virtual network set_xml_schema Configure the virtual network using xml schema
Manage SQL database server
Many applications require a database server, we are therefore providing commands to create and configure a SQL database using Puppet. To create a server use a command such as:
puppet azure_sqldb create --management-certificate pem-or-pfx-file-path \
--azure-subscription-id=your-subscription-id \
--management-endpoint=https://management.database.windows.net:8443/ \
--login loginname \
--password ComplexPassword \
--location 'West Us'
Manifest Files
Manifest files are collections of definitions, references and commands that enable you to quickly and repeatably deploy virtual machines in a defined “desired state”. In addition to the CLI described above we are contributing manifest files that can be used by Puppet to configure Windows Azure services. These Manifests are available as part of the Windows Azure module in the Puppet Forge and can be further adapted to suit your specific needs. The manifests provided are:
bootstrap.pp – allows the creation of a new Puppet node
– allows the creation of a new Puppet node db.pp – create a new instance of SQL server
– create a new instance of SQL server init.pp – defines a Windows Azure class that will allow easy deployment to the associated Windows Azure account
– defines a Windows Azure class that will allow easy deployment to the associated Windows Azure account vm.pp – create a new virtual machine instance from a virtual machine image
– create a new virtual machine instance from a virtual machine image vnet.pp – create a new virtual network
What is next?
MS Open Tech is pleased to enable Windows Azure provisioning using Puppet. This is an important component of our ongoing commitment to ensure that users of DevOps tools can leverage their skills within a Windows Azure environment.
How to choose the best time of year to visit Australia
When is the best time to visit Australia? I often get this question from first-time travellers who want to make the most of their Australia Trip. Being Australia a huge continent, it is impossible to answer this question in one sentence.
Many factors have an impact on how to choose the best time for a trip to Australia. Before answering this question, I need to spend a few words about Australia's geography and Australia's map. With twice the size of Europe, the Australian continent stretches from North to South and from East to West covering a few thousands of kilometres and crossing different climate zones.
As climate and weather conditions change over the year, there are many answers to when is the best time to visit Australia.
On this page you can read about the various Australian climate zones and the Australian seasons, to give you an idea of how the weather will be like in the period you plan to travel to Australia.
Australia Climate zones and Australia Weather Map
Australia has three main climate areas:
The southern coastal regions stretching from the west coast to the east coast. The inner central areas defined as Outback areas. The Northern tropical areas in North Queensland, Northern Territory and North Western Australia.
Here below a recap of the Australian climate zones along with the seasons to help you identify the best time to travel to Australia, and the things to do in the period you plan to go.
Where to travel to Australia in Spring
From September to November, the Australian weather is good almost everywhere across the country. In Northern Tropical Australia in spring it's a transitional period from the dry winter months into the rainy months December to February. With pleasant temperatures around 20-30°C from South West to South East, this is the best time to go to Australia, especially to South Australia, South East Australia, Queensland and Western Australia.
South Western Australia, is best to enjoy it between September and November with wildflowers blossoming. Moreover, you can enjoy activities like whale watching, hiking, biking and more outdoor activities.
South Australia, Victoria and New South Wales. Spring and autumn have mild weather and this time of year is not as busy as in the summer months when locals take their Australian holidays.
Spring is the best time to go on road trips, biking and walking tours and any outdoor activities.
The best places to visit in Australia in Summer
December to February are the warmest months throughout Australia. Temperatures can reach 35-45°C all over the southern coastal areas. In the Outback areas (central Australia) temps can reach over 45°C. It is the peak season with regards to school holidays, it is the busiest time in Australia to travel, and the most expensive too. So if you do not like crowds, want to save money, try to avoid travelling to Australia from December to February.
However, travelling around Australia in the summer have benefits too. Here are some:
Summer is the best time for visiting Tasmania as temps are around 25-28°C and therefore very pleasant for hiking and enjoying the great outdoors.
Most outdoor events take place in summer in South West Australia as well as in South Australia and the East Coast of Australia.
Spending Christmas in Australia is also something extraordinary as it is different to celebrate the festive holidays on the beach and Australia Day.
If you are a beach lover and love all water sports, then the summer months of December through February is the best time for planning a trip to Australia.
Where to travel in Autumn from March to May
From March to May weather is still pleasant in most of Australia's regions. Temperatures can vary though. On average they are around 20-25°C, they gradually decrease towards the winter months. It is my favourite time of the year to visit Australia. Here are some excellent reasons why Autumn is the best time to visit:
Probably the ideal time of the year to visit most Outback Region, including the Uluru, as you have warm days and colder nights.
It is a great time to visit South Western Australia, South Australia with warm days. It's a great time of the year for tasting local produce, wine and see many great events too.
Another part of Australia worth visiting in March-May the Top End as well as and the Kimberley in North Western Australia.
April usually marks the end of the rainy season so this time of the year is great if you still want to see some of the lush green vegetation, gorges filled with water and enjoy active birdlife and wildlife in the beautiful Australian national parks.
How to plan your road trips in Australia For hiring a car in Australia I recommend this site >> I recommend this site >> DriveNow <
Where to go to Australia in winter from June to August
June to August are the coldest months in Australia as far as the Southern regions are concerned. Victoria and Tasmania winter can be pretty cold with temperatures around zero. For this reason, it is not ideal to visit these regions in winter. The winter months are suitable for the following areas:
The Australia Top End, with Darwin, Kakadu National Park. The largest top end events are held between July and August.
The North Tropical Queensland, with plenty of sunshine and dry weather.
Outback areas in Central Australia and North Western Australia. Here temperatures are around 20-25°C, ideal for best road trips in Australia and camping.
Winter in Northern Australia is a busy time of the year, in fact, everyone wants to escape the cold months of the south and spend a few days at the sunny beaches of the North. That's why I would plan a trip to Northern Australia to secure cheap flights and the best accommodation and tours.
So to recap the best time of year to visit Australia are March to May and October to December
Best time to visit popular Australian destinations
Apart from cities like Melbourne and Sydney that can be considered city hubs for most travellers coming to Australia, these are some of the most popular destinations that are on the trip itinerary of many visitors. I have experienced the following places with all kind of weather and can give you my best tips for making the most of these iconic places in Australia.
The best months to visit the Australian cities: Sydney and Melbourne
When you plan your trip to Australia to the central Australian cities like Melbourne and Sydney, make sure you consider all the following tips. Here below a breakdown for the best time of the year to visit Sydney and Melbourne.
When to visit Melbourne: according to my experience, I prefer visiting Melbourne from March to May and October to December. These are months with great festivals and fewer tourists. Temps are milder and therefore is more pleasant to get around.
according to my experience, I prefer visiting Melbourne from March to May and October to December. These are months with great festivals and fewer tourists. Temps are milder and therefore is more pleasant to get around. When to visit Sydney: March to May and October to December are the best months to visit Sydney. In Summer it is way too busy, and it can also be quite hot. If you plan a beach holiday, the summer months of January and February are probably the best. And if you love to celebrate New Year's Eve in style and don't mind the crowds, then Sydney is a top city.
Don't skimp on safety! Get travel insurance For travel insurance, check the plans from >> World Nomads << check the plans from >><
The best time of year to visit Cairns and the Great Barrier Reef
Being located on the North East Coast of Australia, the Great Barrier Reef is a tropical destination that attracts many Australians throughout the country in the cold winter months of June to August. They are also the busiest months for international visitors coming from Europe and US too. It is the busiest time for tropical northern Australia.
So, as a general rule try to avoid travelling during these months and prefer April to May which marks the beginning of the dry season. I visited Cairns and Cape Tribulation in September, the weather was just perfect and quite. I would also book at least 3-6 months ahead to secure accommodation and the best car rental deals too. December to February is the worst time of the year to visit North Tropical Queensland because these are the wettest and hottest months of the year.
The best time of year to go on road trips – Top End of Australia
As said, the best time to visit the Top End of Australia is winter but being August the peak season with the Darwin Festival, it is also costly, and it will be difficult to find accommodation at a reasonable price. As the main attractions, Kakadu National Park and Arnhem Land are located far 3 hours drive from Darwin; I found this region a bit tricky to plan. From December to February roads are closed in all national parks and from October to April tours are limited.
Local tour guides will tell you that the best time to visit Kakadu is March or April when waterfalls are still filled with water. While this is true, it is risky. You may end there in March and get stuck in town for days because of the rain (this is what happened to me). In my opinion, the best solution is to travel off-season and soon after the rainy season is over. May or June is the best time to visit Kakadu, in my opinion. If you want to go camping and explore the Kakadu National Park with its lush green and beautiful gorges, this is the best time to travel to the north.
When is the best time to visit Uluru and the Red Centre of Australia
Of all Australia travel destinations, a trip to Uluru represents for many travellers the journey of a lifetime. June to August is packed with loads of tourists; airfares are the highest and accommodation is limited. So if you cannot avoid travelling during this time of year, you need to book at least six months ahead to get a good flight deal. December to February is a no-go due to the excessively high temperature (up to 45°C or 115F).
I have experienced Uluru twice at the end of March and once at the end of April, and it was terrific. I can highly recommend a visit in April-May as this is, in my opinion, the best time to visit Uluru. Temps are around 25-27°C or 77-80F, making it perfect to walk around the Uluru base and enjoy its stunning settings and outdoor activities. When temps start going over 30°C or 86F, then you will be limited to morning explorations. Another benefit of planning a trip to Uluru between April and May is that these are the less busy time of the year this being cheaper and less crowded.
Be sure you don't plan your visit on 25th April which is a popular public holiday in Australia. This time of the year is busy with families and school children. June-August is also great for the weather but extremely busy regarding visitors.
Where to stay in Australia? For booking your accommodation browse through this top site for >> browse through this top site for >> hotel comparison <
When is the best time for a road trip to the Great Ocean road
One of the most famous drives in Australia is the Great Ocean Road. It is, however, a destination that you need to plan with good weather conditions. In winter it can get rainy and very windy, so I would recommend travelling on warm sunny days to make the most of this fantastic coastal drive.
From October to December and February to March it will be a good time when the weather is more predictable. Try to avoid the peak season and school holidays, between Christmas and January, as it will be difficult to find accommodation (including campsites) along your way. If you can only drive the Great Ocean Road over Christmas or public holidays make sure you book your rental car and accommodation a good time ahead.
The best months to visit Broome and the Kimberley in North Western Australia
Broome is a popular destination for southern Australians who want to escape the cold winter months. It is a beautiful destination and one of the most scenic landscapes you can see in Australia. Again the dry season from April to September is the best time to visit North West Australia. The hot and steamy weather makes it a no-go from December to March when it rains so heavily.
I have been there in February, many years ago, and couldn't even walk because of the high humidity. Being Broome the getaway to the Kimberley Outback you need to know that no tours will operate the Kimberley region from October to March. So my tip is to visit Broome in May when the dry season starts, landscape show all its splendour and the green vegetation, the red earth and the blue sky create a fantastic contrast. July and August is also an excellent time to visit Broome. August is less busy than other months. Nights are cooler with 15°C and lovely warm days with about 28-30°C. No matter when you go, book your accommodation in Broome ahead as it's an expensive destination.
Conclusion about choosing the best time to travel to Australia
Having travelled extensively around Australia on my own, by covering over 100Km from west to east, from bottom to top, I have established that March to May and September to November for me is the best time to visit Australia. It is, in fact, the milder months when you can travel almost anywhere around the country with warm days in the southern regions and dry, sunny days in northern Australia.
How to travel to Australia and organise your Trip
Resources I recommend for planning your Trip in Australia For self-driving tours check the latest deals from >> DriveNow no. 1 Site in Australia. For booking your stay book with free cancellation from this hotel comparison site. travel insurance check out the plans from World Nomads
Stay safe, never travel to Australia without Travel Insurance! Click to get a quote!
How to create a personalised Australia Itinerary
Your Australia Itinerary Want to learn how to create the right itinerary for your trip to Australia? Get my book for 19.90 USD
Share it on Pinterest for later!
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Is there anyplace in the world where Jeeps aren't at least a little bit cool? The coolest Jeep, the Wrangler, has long been sold overseas, and as such Jeep won't be sitting idly by during the 2015 Geneva auto show; instead, the automaker will unveil an all-new special-edition Wrangler, the Black Edition II.
Unsurprisingly, the Black Edition II—we aren't sure what the “II” stands for, as we can't find any record of a Black Edition I—has been attacked by a black paintbrush. The 18-inch wheels, grille trim, headlight surrounds, door mirror caps, spare-tire cover, and even the Jeep badge have been painted black; inside, the leather seats are—guess—black, and there is polished black trim. Based on the upmarket Wrangler Sahara, the Black Edition II is very well-equipped with navigation, the asupervisorstioned leather seats, a body-color hardtop, and—disappointingly for us—a five-speed automatic transmission.
Europeans can choose between the Wrangler two-door and the four-door Unlimited version, and both Chrysler's 2.8-liter diesel four-cylinder and the 3.6-liter Pentastar V-6 sold stateside are available. We'd take the diesel, of course, even without a manual option. Let us assure you we did not cover the Black Edition II solely so that we could publicly complain about the American-market Wrangler's lack of a diesel option—this is a genuinely cool-looking Jeep. But now that we've brought it up, we'll take a moment to remind everyone that we still think Jeep should bring the oil-burner to the U.S. With a manual transmission.
"Putrefaction: The first stage of the Fermentation operation; a digestion in which decomposing essences are reabsorbed. The process was represented by the symbol for the constellation of Leo."
"Multiplication: A process of Distillation in which the power of transmutation is concentrated; an increase in the amount of the Stone as obtained from its pristine form. It is represented by the sign for the constellation of Aquarius."
"Distillation: Distillation is the sixth operation in alchemical transformation. Denoted by the symbol for the constellation Virgo. It is essentially a process of concentration, no matter on what level (physical, mental, or spiritual) it occurs."
As many of you may know, the final evolutions of a generation's starters tend to have some kind of underlying theme to help tie them together more. I've recently been looking into a few possible themes for the Alola starters:Theory 1: RPG Classes ContinuedThis is probably the most common, widespread theory: The Alola starters simply continue the Kalo's starters' theme of RPG classes, which would be fairly self-explanatory given their designs and abilities.Theory 2: Greek ZodiacLitten's evo is the most iffy in this one. There wasn't really any other symbol that matched up with it as well, but lions and tigers are both big cats and the symbol also resembles a bomb, which would match up with Litten's subtle bomb motif. The greek zodiac is also of importance when it comes to alchemy.Disclaimer: at this point, I'm probably reading too much into it. Credit again to Alchemylab.com for the descriptions"Filtration: A kind of Separation, in which material is passed through a sieve or screen designed to allow only pieces of a certain size to pass through. The operation is represented by the sign for the constellation of Sagittarius, the Archer."It seems like Rowlet's evo can narrow its hood opening to a certain size to focus on a specific target and filter out distractionsA possible connection may be drawn between this process and whatever putrid green liquid Litten's evo spits outThe strings of bubbles holding together the hair of Popplio's evo can break apart, "multiplying" in a wayThe word "distillation" immediately makes me think of water. Distilled water is water with its impurities removed, somewhat like Popplio's evo and its apparent emphasis on beauty compared to its previous formTheory 3: Mind, Body and HeartThis is probably the most reaching of the three theories, but it's one I'm having more and more confidence in the more I think about it, and given the focal points of Litten3 and Rowlet3's designs specifically. Although, it's hard to determine anything for sure since we currently have no official descriptions of their behaviour or personalities. I also feel like the theme of 3 crucial parts being put together to make a being still fits nicely into an alchemy themeOk, that's enough pointless ramblings
Cyber Dimension Neptune Trailer Takes Us On A Dungeon Run And Boss Fight
By Sato . January 26, 2017 . 6:00am
Compile Heart shared the latest trailer for their upcoming PS4 action RPG, Four Goddesses Online: Cyber Dimension Neptune, featuring Neptune and gang taking on a dungeon and boss fight.
The video starts out with a look at some gameplay footage showing off the action RPG battles while Neptune has a little chat with Vert while it is playing. The idea here is that they, together with Noire and Blanc, are “watching” the footage along with the viewers.
At the 1:10 mark, they fast-forward to an area that looks like a cave-type dungeon, a little different from what we've seen in footage thus far. In this area, you'll find various skeleton monsters and more. Noire points out that the game seems pretty heavy on the action elements and after Blanc expresses their concern about being able to properly hit enemies, Vert reassures that you won't have any trouble by simply locking onto enemies.
They then talk about special skills, or the “Awakening” system, which you can read all about in full detail in our earlier report. As shown in the footage, you'll find all kinds of items and treasure in the dungeons. In addition to finding nice loot, even the simplest items can help you save money instead of buying them at the store.
At 2:43 we get to see what looks like a boss fight. It's important to keep attacking the boss to deal damage, but equally important to support party members with healing abilities and to protect yourself using guard when possible. There's also a step command to evade attacks, which can be followed up with some more hits.
Four Goddesses Online: Cyber Dimension Neptune releases in Japan on February 9, 2017 for PlayStation 4.
December 1st, 2017
Welcome back to Planning to build a dapp on Lisk. Today we are covering a pretty important section to think about in our business plan.
If you have a great idea and can build it yourself or with a small group of friends working for free, and the product is so great it can market itself, then awesome go and execute!
You don't need this section, however if getting this dapp to launch requires a bit more effort then you will need funds to get it going.
Great ideas can't fund themselves.
Here are the first steps to check when you first realize you need funding.
Write down the expected budget for each item you may need Server costs Development costs Marketing etc Create a contact list for the 3 Fs. Friends, Family & Fools (Ask these people for money first) Create a contact list for people that can introduce you to whales.
Once you get step 3 done, it's time to plan the funding and use of funds section of your business plan.
Visiting our Futuratum prediction engine example again:
5 SEED ROUND FUNDING
We are seeking a $500k seed round to help setup the Futuratum Foundation in a cryptocurrency friendly nation, obtain legal compliance and ICO advisement and marketing.
Legal compliance and Foundation creation in Switzerland or Singapore.
45k for ICO microsite design by Griflan Design .
Brand message, White paper design and ICO marketing by What.digital .
A percentage will go into Bitcoin asset holding.
Communications Lead 50k salary.
Data scientist initial salary 50k.
Travel to conferences as well as to meet with legal companies, and the Lisk Foundation/LightCurve for advisement.
In the event of a successful raise 4.6 million*, the initial investor will be gain a 20% return on investment.
6 USE OF FUNDS
The Futuratum foundation will store the Bitcoin in reserve to be used for future business and network development.
Lisk assets will be liquidated once a month to continue funding salaries and operational costs. Lisk liquidation can either be directly sold into USD, or into BTC which will then allow spending via Shift payment cards linked to the foundations Coinbase account.
* Minimum Viable Raise
A successful token raise must be a minimum of $4.6 million in assets. Which will allow Futuratum to pay the initial investor $600 thousand and keep $4 million for a 2 year run-way for development and operations.
In the event of an unsuccessful raise, less than $4.6 million, the Futuratum foundation will be dissolved and funds raised will be returned to all ICO participants.
It's important to state in these sections how the investor gets their ROI back. Again it is important at this stage to hire legal counsel to help with 1) registering the company/corporation and 2) creating, editing and reviewing the fund raising sections.
My delegate name is leon, and if you like my articles my tip address is 16811843780664295310L
Caves of Gaziantep become a museum
GAZIANTEP - Anatolia News Agency
The caves, which are situated at the Western entrance of the city, were used as barns during the animal trade of the 1970's. The caves will turn into a 10,000-square-meter museum depicting eras before and after Christ to the Ottoman period. AA photo
The caves of Gaziantep, spread over 10,000 square meters of land in the Çıksorut district and formerly used as a barn and storage area for kettles, will be turned into a history museum.Speaking to Anatolia news agency, Gaziantep Mayor Asım Güzelbey said the caves, which are situated at the Western entrance of the city, were used as barns during the animal trade of the 1970's.After the city developed and expanded, the animal trade lost its attraction and barns were relocated to outer parts of the city. “The image and the view of the city was very bad. Moreover, the barns have been a threat to human health. We got rid of the barns and built houses on their location.”Noting that they always wanted to recreate and restore the caves and use them as a cultural center, Güzelbey said: “When we entered the caves, we saw that they were all connected to each other. They have transitions between them in the 10,000-square-meter area. Our team will be going to France to see the history museum and later on we will start the project.”“We will also be looking at whether the caves are strong. If there is doubt we will do some strengthening work,” they said. In the event of additional strengthening measures, the work will begin in 2014, Güzelbey said, adding that the museum will spread to a very large area. “We will record every detail of the process,” they added.The museum will have many different parts, featuring such eras as the Stone Age, Paleolithic Age and Neolithic Age. “The museum will also span from the era before and after Christ to Ottoman Empire times,” said Güzelbey.“We will build an artificial lake in the middle and we aim to ferry people across this lake while they are wandering in the museum,” they said.Güzelbey added that they place significant importance on the culture in Gaziantep. More than 20 museums have been built in the city and four are in the works.The city also readies to open its new Toy Museum. It will be a more-developed version of the Toy Museum found in Istanbul's Göztepe district. The Gaziantep Toy Museum will not only exhibit old toys but will also exhibit how the development of civilization is reflected through toys. It will include a rich collection of rag dolls and wooden toys that will be used to tell the history of Turkey, as well as host events for kids to help them develop their imaginations.The Bath Museum will exhibit Turkish bathing culture through displays of Turkish baths. Güzelbey said they plan to transform an ancient Turkish bath into the museum.
In the latest Investor's earnings conference call Thursday afternoon, EA has claimed that they will take advantage of the Star Wars IP in continued work with Disney in the future on both consoles, PC, and mobile devices.
“Lots to come on Star Wars. We're very excited about the franchise.”
More Star Wars games to come — and likely another Star Wars Battlefront, however the continued work with Disney is making way for an even greater focus on the movie franchise in video game.
Very strong pre-order numbers post E3 and even higher pre-order numbers are expected after Gamescom in Cologne Germany.
The expectations for the return of the Battlefront franchise is as high as they can be and EA's reps spoke on how crucial the ties that the games will have with the movies. The continued envelopment of consumers in the Star Wars brand — especially during the immediate release of the movies — will surely help sales for the Star Wars games. With sales numbers already projected to be so high the game it's no surprise to hear of future work with the Star Wars IP.
While they didn't specifically mention another Battlefront, the promise for more Star Wars games coinciding with the movies makes the likelihood of a Star Wars Battlefront 2 almost a certainty.
The Fleur crew were rescued by the Overseas Yellowstone in strong winds An expedition team which set sail from Plymouth on a 5,000-mile (8,000km)carbon emission-free trip to Greenland have been rescued by an oil tanker. Raoul Surcouf, Richard Spink and skipper Ben Stoddart sent a mayday because they feared for their safety amid winds of 68mph (109km/h). All three are reportedly exhausted but safe on board the Overseas Yellowstone. Mr Surcouf, 40, from Jersey, Mr Spink, 31, and Mr Stoddart, 43, from Bristol, are due to arrive in the USA on 8 May. 'Heartfelt thanks' The team, which left Mount Batten Marina in Plymouth on 19 April in a boat named the Fleur, aimed to rely on sail, solar and man power on a journey to and from the highest point of the Greenland ice cap. The expedition was followed by up to 40 schools across the UK to promote climate change awareness. But atrocious weather dogged their journey after 27 April, culminating with the rescue on 1 May after the boat was temporarily capsized three times by the wind. In one incident Mr Stoddart hit their head and the wind generator and solar panels were ripped from the yacht. Ben Stoddart was hauled aboard after falling in during the rescue Water was also getting into the boat from waves breaking over it and the crew took refuge in the forward cabin. The crew were 400 miles (644km) off the west coast of Ireland when they sent a mayday to Falmouth coastguards who co-ordinated the rescue with Irish coastguards. The transfer from the Fleur to Overseas Yellowstone was achieved in 42mph (67km/h) winds. Mr Spink and Mr Surcouf were able to jump across to a rope ladder. But Mr Stoddart fell into the sea, was thrown a line by the crew and hauled aboard. Team spokesperson Jess Tombs said: "They are all overwhelmingly relieved to be safe. "They would like to give heartfelt thanks to the coastguards for their professionalism as well as to the outstanding captain and crew of the Overseas Yellowstone."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MELBOURNE: A newly-built gurdwara has become target of anti-Islamic slurs after it was vandalized and painted with obscene messages in Australia's Perth city.The multi-million dollar Sikh shrine in Bennett Springs was painted with the words like “Aussie pride” and “go home”, ABC reported.Security cameras of the gurdwara were also damaged. “We are from India, particularly from Punjab, we have got no relation with any other religion. We are Sikhs and our religion is totally different from any other religion,” said the pastor Satjit Singh.The treasurer of the gurdwara, Aman Deep Singh, said it was very hurtful. “Make the difference between Arabs and Sikhs and above all we all are here, we have left our businesses, jobs. They have done so much damage. They have not actually just done the damage to this temple, they have done the damage to the whole country,” they said.Labor MP Margaret Quirk said the racial slurs showed “complete ignorance”. “Most of the people that worship in this temple are in fact Australian citizens and this of all weeks; it's particularly shocking,” they said. The incident has occured few days after two Perth mosques and an Islamic school were vandalised and had been painted with slogans.
The first gay Eagle Scout has used their 18th birthday to issue a message to the Boy Scouts of America (BSA), asking for the organisation to start welcoming gay adult members.
Pascal Tessier turned 18 yesterday, 5 August. The current ban on adult members in the BSA means that after more than thirteen years in the organisation, during which they reached its highest rank, their position is now at risk and unclear.
In an open letter to BSA president Robert Gates published by TIME, they wrote: “In allowing the Boy Scouts' ban on gay adults to continue—not because they believe it is the right thing to do, but because they are afraid of the possible consequences of enacting a fair policy—Mr. Gates is knowingly sacrificing thousands of devoted Scouts who happen to be gay. Scouts like me.
“So today, I am hoping that you, Mr. Gates, will let me convince you to stop the sacrifices… Every day that you do nothing, more boys and parents struggle with their place in Scouting, in their communities and in their families.”
“Openly gay adults will eventually be allowed in Scouting, Mr. Gates. As support for equality continues to grow, Americans will soon demand it,” the letter concluded. “The question before you, then, is not whether the ban should end, but how many more young people like me will be a victim of your failed leadership if you do nothing.”
In 2013, following intense national pressure, the National Council of the BSA voted to lift the ban on gay youth members, although it retained the ban on gay adult leaders. The rule change came into effect on 1 January 2014.
Weeks later, Pascal became the first out member of the BSA to be awarded the Eagle Scout badge, the highest rank attainable, since the change.
In May, they delivered a petition calling on Amazon to drop its support of the Boy Scouts of America, following the dismissal of gay troop leader Geoff McGrath.
That petition came shortly after the announcement that Liam Easton-Calabria, who became an Eagle Scout with their twin brother August, would be forced to leave the BSA on their 21st birthday for being gay.
Pascal was also among the gay and allied past and present Boy Scouts who marched in the New York City Pride Parade for the first time this year.
Calling the ban on gay adult members “not only [a] very confusing and flawed message, but it's also just wrong, morally”, Pascal told MSNBC that they and their family “don't really know what will happen now”. Although they expect to take time away from scouting to go to college, they said: “Later in life I definitely want to be a Scout Leader.”
“I want to give back to scouting the way that they taught me when I was a kid,” they said. “I don't want to step back and abandon this fight that I've working so hard on and I don't want to abandon the people who've been helping me for so long.”
By Dave Rat • September 19, 2014
A while back I was pondering mixing live shows, as I strangely so often find myself doing, and I began to analyze the varying aspects of dynamics in live reverberant fields.
Is there something more legitimate than personal preference that would add credibility to using compression?
The studio humans and mastering labs use a ton of it, but comparatively, we live engineers use fairly little. I know it works well to control the variations in a band's playing, and also helps with smoothing the sound, but is there yet another advantage of compression that is not so readily apparent?
On the surface it's quite obvious that compression can be used on bass to reduce the differential between the louder and softer notes resulting in a more consistent sound. Same with vocals, and I put compressors on guitars as well.
I even take it further and run kick and snare into a subgroup that has a bit of compression on it to keep the two a bit more locked-in, volume-wise, to each other.
So what got me started (again) on this train of thought?
Not long ago I was listening to a super punchy horn-loaded sound system. Boom, crack, boom, crack, as the drums jump out at me – and they do sound cool.
But I also know from experience that the reverb decay time from the loud “on to” super punchy sounds blurs the intelligibility of everything else that immediately follows.
So if an uncompressed snare is 10 dB “on-top” of the mix, then the correspondingly loud roar of the room-reverb-decay-level from that snare will hurt overall intelligibility long after the original snare hit has been heard and ended.
Conversely, that means that if the instruments are all compressed to a fairly narrow volume range, they then would stay at an even level consistently above the room reverberation rather than the loud sounds setting off room reverberations louder than the following softer sounds.
What I'm getting at is that controlling the differential between the loudest and softest sounds not only improves intelligibility by reducing volume inconsistencies, it's also helpful in dealing with reverberant room acoustics.
The sacrifice? The loss of some of that “slam-hit eye-blinking” impact.
But hey, the upside is your mix will sound a bit more like an album, the audience will be able to hear the various instruments and vocals, especially in reverberant rooms, and you'll be able to get more overall volume from the PA with less clip lights flashing.
Just a thought…
Dave Rat heads up Rat Sound Systems Inc., based in Southern California, and has also been a mix engineer for more than 30 years.
About David
Virtual reality software used by scientists at the University of California, Davis, to study everything from earthquakes to molecular biology in a 3-D “cave” can now run on some off-the-shelf gaming VR headsets. Instructions and downloads are available online.
For more than 10 years, the Keck Center for Active Visualization in Earth Sciences (KeckCAVES) at UC Davis has allowed researchers to build 3-D, interactive models of places they cannot visit in reality.
A medical researcher can use virtual reality to walk around — or go into — a 3-D image of a skull from a patient's CT scan. A geologist can walk around the landscape of a massive landslide and make precise measurements. A seismologist can watch a sequence of earthquakes and take precise measurements of depth and distance.
Related: Augmented Reality Sandbox Brings Watersheds To Life The KeckCAVES team is always looking for new ways to interact with data. In an earlier project, Oliver Kreylos and colleagues built a sandbox enhanced with "augmented reality" that shows contour lines, water flows and even rainfall as you sculpt the sand by hand. Plans for the AR Sandbox are available on the KeckCAVES website, and versions have been built by a number of schools and museums.
These 3-D renderings of data come to life within a Mechdyne CAVE — a commercially available virtual reality system — on the third floor of the UC Davis Earth and Physical Sciences Building.
But now researchers are no longer limited to exploring virtual renderings of their data on campus. The game changers, so to speak, are the widely available virtual reality headsets made for gaming.
“We can now run our software on the gaming headsets,” said Oliver Kreylos, a software developer and research associate for the program. “That means that nonexperts can set up a full virtual reality system to use our applications the way they were meant to be used.” Currently, the software can run on the HTC Vive headset.
KeckCAVES founded with $1 million grant
The idea for the KeckCAVES originated when Louise Kellogg, then chair of the UC Davis Department of Geology, wanted to solve some of the challenges of working with complex three- and four-dimensional data. In 2004 they received a $1 million grant from the W.M. Keck Foundation to create the KeckCAVES. Kreylos, a postdoctoral researcher with the computer science department, was already developing visualization software and began working on the KeckCAVES.
The underlying computer operating system Kreylos developed to use with the hardware of the CAVE is known as the Virtual Reality User Interface, or Vrui. Some of the applications that use this operating system have names like “3D Visualizer,” “LiDAR Viewer” (a viewer for LiDAR data), and “Nanotech Construction Kit,” which can build models of molecules in midair.
Kreylos credits this open-source software — developed through an ongoing collaboration of UC Davis computer scientists and earth scientists — as being key to the success of KeckCAVES.
“CAVE hardware was relatively common, with maybe over a hundred systems worldwide, around a decade ago. But CAVE hardware by itself is pretty useless, which is why most of them were never successful,” said Kreylos. “It is the combination of CAVE hardware and our visualization software that makes the complete system work.”
With gaming headsets, researchers can now download the free Vrui software and applications and create their own virtual reality environments without the need for expensive projectors and screens.
“It's not quite like being in a CAVE but it works well. And it can be used anywhere,” said Kreylos. Instructions and software are available at Kreylos' blog.
Video: Kreylos uses a headset for virtual reality construction
The Government is experiencing an “inability” to find accommodation to house people caught up in the mass migration crisis and providing them with the necessary services is emerging as a “very significant issue”.
The Department of Justice's Irish Refugee Protection Programme (IRPP) is also having problems finding further facilities here to accommodate asylum seekers from Greece who are fleeing strife in the Middle East and beyond.
In a briefing document to Justice Minister Charlie Flanagan, the department said that 459 asylum seekers had arrived from Greece. Some 183 of these are children, comprising 70 aged 0-4, 82 aged 5-12, and 31 aged 13-17.
It said 38 had been housed in the community using both local authority housing and accommodation pledged to the Red Cross.
It said about 100 more were due to be housed over the next two months and a further 160 in the third quarter of this year.
Officials said 344 asylum seekers have been interviewed for relocation and 264 of those have been cleared for entry to Ireland.
“It is envisaged that Ireland will have met its commitment for 1,040 by September 2017,” it said.
But the department added: “The challenge for the IRPP is scaling up the programme sufficiently to deal with the unprecedented numbers arriving and to put in place plans to disperse arrivals in multiple counties.”
Two full pages in the briefing document are redacted, but it does publish what it says are the three “main issues” arising:
Difficulties in procuring further emergency reception and orientation centres (EROCs) in which to accommodate arrivals, which in turn slows the rate at which asylum seekers can be brought from Greece to Ireland.
Inability to find suitable accommodation in communities in a reasonable timeframe for those who are ready to move out of EROCs and into the community.
Difficulties with service provision to our arrivals whether in EROCs or in the community. This is emerging as a very significant issue.
Elsewhere in the 149-page briefing document, officials say that 4,000 people were refused leave to land at ports of entry last year.
The report said officials were “urgently examining” the impact of a Supreme Court judgement last May on the right of asylum seekers to work.
It said there were high-profile judicial reviews ongoing with “potentially significant impact” on the department, including a review seeking to prevent the enforcement of deportation orders and claims for damages in relation to delays in processing cases.
The report said €300m of inward investment had been attracted through the Immigrant Investor Programme — which grants Irish residence to “high net worth” people from outside the European Economic Area.
However, the report said despite an ongoing campaign by NGOs for an earned regularisation programme for undocumented migrants, government statements had said it “cannot engage in a general regularisation programme”.
In the policing division section, the department said that a recent report by the Policing Authority highlighted its concerns at the slow pace of civilianisation in An Garda Síochána.
“This presents a potential risk to the wider reform programme,” said the department.
“In view of the concerns raised, the minister requested the Garda commissioner for a response with a view to a meeting thereafter to discuss how any blockages can be overcome.”
At the date of publication of the briefing document, last month, it said that response was awaited.
While the department said that Budget 2017 provided funding for 500 civilians, the Policing Authority has approved 137.
It said the commissioner's five-year workforce plan, which was required by the authority by the end of 2016, was still “outstanding”.
Many of us get a feeling of satisfaction when we learn that governments or international bodies have issued regulations to protect imperiled wildlife. Such as whales. Then we encounter a paper like the one in the October Animal Conservation that snaps us out of our complacency. Its new data drive home once more that rules have value only if they'll be enforced.
The new paper by Vimoksalehi Lukoschek of the University of California, Irvine, and their colleagues involves minke whales living off of Japan and Korea. The smallest type of filter-feeding baleen whales with pleated throats, adult minkes typically reach a length of 26 feet and weigh in at 10 tons. But the stat that matters most is their market value — perhaps $10,000 (U.S.) per adult.
Although there has been a moratorium on hunting whales since 1986, caveats exist. For instance, the International Whaling Commission, former whaling nations that imposed the ban, allows for “scientific whaling,” a misnomer by any definition of science. Japan, the only nation that still carries out this practice, allows the harvest of up to 160 north Pacific minke whales per year. However, they're only supposed to come from a relatively healthy population known as the O stock. An already-hammered J stock has protected status under the IWC, meaning that its population should be totally off limits to whalers.
A second caveat involves whales that may be netted inadvertently by fishing fleets. When commercial fishers haul in nontargeted species — known as bycatch — those off-limits fish usually cannot be sold. Prohibiting their sale serves to discourage practices that foster bycatch.
Ironically, when that netted bycatch involves whales, some nations — notably Japan and Korea — allow their fishers to kill and sell the animals. Such a policy “provides an incentive to promote, rather than reduce, any net entanglement,” notes Lukoschek. “In this regard,” the marine ecologist argues, “the bycatch of whales in Japan and Korea is more like an unregulated commercial hunt than an incidental or illegal fishery.”
But that wouldn't be a big deal if the minke bycatch were small. Lukoschek and their colleagues now offer data indicating it's anything but.
For more than a decade, members of their team — including conservation geneticist C. Scott Baker of Oregon State University's Marine Mammal Institute — have been periodically sampling whale-meat products from stores, markets and restaurants in Korea and Japan. Both nations have a long heritage of eating whales.
In the new analysis, the researchers performed DNA fingerprinting on nearly 1,200 Japanese whale products that had been purchased between December 1997 and June 2004. Genetics confirmed that roughly 250 samples came from north Pacific minkes. (The rest came from 25 other species of whales and related cetaceans. And there was one woefully mislabeled product. Its contents: horse meat.)
Not only could the new genetic analyses identify whale tissue by species, but in some instances they could even differentiate which community of a particular species a landed whale had come from. For instance, J-stock minkes versus O stock animals.
And that's what these researchers homed in on for their new paper. In theory, there should be no J-stock whales, since Japan's scientific whaling had no permits for animals from this depleted stock. In fact, the new paper reports, 46 percent of Japan's marketplace minke meat has been coming from J-stock whales.
That reflects the coastal fishing and “scientific” whaling, Baker concludes, because the J stock tends to prefer coastal waters to living on the high seas.
“Until recently — literally until June — Japan had pretty much denied that J-stock whales were found along its Pacific coast,” Baker says. “But it's quite clear now, from their own work, which they've reported [at the IWC meeting's scientific sessions] — but not published — that they are taking a high proportion of J-stock in their large ‘scientific' hunt.” They add that despite this, Japan has not made any direct efforts to limit its coastal whaling.
One impetus for their team's new analysis was to see if a 2001 policy shift in Japan spiked J-stock harvests. Prior to that year, fishers could not legally sell to commercial firms any bycatch minkes. They were supposed to be destroyed or sold locally, and then reported to national authorities. Official figures indicated that through the 1990s, about 20 to 30 minkes were taken as bycatch in Japan. After 2001, however, bycatch whales could be marketed commercially — and suddenly yearly minke bycatch tallies jumped to between 89 and 137 animals.
The new Animal Conservation analysis reports finding no corresponding spike in the share of minkes — or the proportion of J-stock minkes — in commercial whale-meat products after 2001. Lukoschek's team now concludes that similarly large numbers of J-stock animals were harvested before Japan's shift in bycatch policy: Those earlier-netted animals were merely sold on the black market, Lukoschek suspects, where they “entered into the complex supply chain of commercial whale meat in Japan.”
An earlier analysis of the situation based on 81 products turned up evidence that just 31 percent of minke meat in Japan came from protected J-stock whales. At that rate, estimates had indicated this population of animals could go extinct within just a few decades. (Its current population size remains unknown, but probably is well under 14,000 — potentially far under that, Baker observes.)
The latest, far bigger study's finding that J-stock animals account for 46 percent of Japan's minke food products is, therefore, considerably more disturbing.
The Korean bycatch “is quite high too," Baker notes. "It's been as high as 160 a year.” And they point out that a five-year analysis of Korean whale harvests, which their team published two years ago, “suggested that the reported bycatch was about half of the true take. And that's almost certainly due to directed, illegal hunting.”
Which isn't good for a species that was ostensibly hands-off to all in the first place.
In a commentary that also ran in the October Animal Conservation, Andrew Read of Duke University Marine Laboratory in Beaufort, N.C., used polite language to lambast Japan's official whaling program. Its putative “scientific” activities — which have killed more than 10,000 minkes since the whaling ban went into effect — “do not conform to the basic norms of science, such as hypothesis testing," they say, "and are not necessary to manage whale populations.” Indeed, they argue, “There is no effective international or domestic oversight to ensure that these catches are either sustainable or necessary.”
So, we find, these toothless whales are being protected by regs that also lack teeth. What hope is there for them?
“We've been providing our data to the IWC every year,” Baker says, “and the Japanese didn't pay much attention — until they realized [the data] were going to be published in an international journal.”
“The Japanese are responsive to international pressure,” they observe. For instance, they say that their reporting of bycatch and landings by the so-called scientific whalers “appears to be getting closer to the true take. “ What's also needed, they argue, is official government collection — and international reporting — of regional J- vs. O-stock landings.
And, of course, ending altogether that pointless licensed whaling in the name of science or anything else.
In fact, Baker says, Japan's begun lobbying the IWC for permission to do commercial coastal whaling, perhaps in place of “scientific” whaling. And that rankles them and other conservationists, of course, because the hammered J stock would likely bear the brunt of this hunt.
Join us at Wokcano Santa Monica for a night of networking and drinking to celebrate the fall season! This event will be the perfect chance for you to wind down before the hectic holiday season. Whether you're looking to pitch that idea you have wanted to start for a while, network with others in the tech community to advance your career, or even to just get more involved in the LA tech community—this is your opportunity!
We will have drink tickets based on a first-come-first-served basis so come early to guarantee a free drink!
Big thanks to our gracious sponsors who have made it possible for us to host this event: Workbridge Associates (http://www.workbridgeassociates.com/), Jobspring Partners (http://www.jobspringpartners.com/) & Opoli (http://www.opoli.com/).
A generous thank you to our social sponsor, Opoli (https://opoli.com/):
Opoli is a next generation transportation service app that allows customers to choose the price, vehicle, and driver, as well as make pick up reservations from their smartphone, tablet or desktop. All Opoli drivers are commercially licensed and insured. Visit http://www.opoli.com .
Sign up for their service to activate a $25 Promo Code (https://opoli.com/techinmotion)!
--
Want to learn more about Tech in Motion?
• Visit TechinMotionEvents.com (http://bit.ly/1qDwKMK)
• "Like (http://on.fb.me/1gjxei9)" us on Facebook!
• Join the conversation on Twitter! Share and follow along with@Tech_in_Motion (http://bit.ly/1d2mMvB)
• Check out our Tech Job Board (http://bit.ly/1kRBVb5)
• Read insightful content from our speakers across the country onour blog (http://bit.ly/1iKIK9M)
• Want to sign up for our email list? Click Here! (http://bit.ly/1i8Gh7w)
• Interested in sponsoring a Tech in Motion event? Click Here (http://bit.ly/1nq8Kxr)!
Introduction to Brakeman
Brakeman is a security scanner for Ruby on Rails applications.
Unlike many web security scanners, Brakeman looks at the source code of your application. This means you do not need to set up your whole application stack to use it.
Once Brakeman scans the application code, it produces a report of all security issues it has found.
Advantages
No Configuration Necessary
Brakeman requires zero setup or configuration once it is installed. Just run it.
Run It Anytime
Because all Brakeman needs is source code, Brakeman can be run at any stage of development: you can generate a new application with rails new and immediately check it with Brakeman.
Better Coverage
Since Brakeman does not rely on spidering sites to determine all their pages, it can provide more complete coverage of an application. This includes pages which may not be ‘live' yet. In theory, Brakeman can find security vulnerabilities before they become exploitable.
Best Practices
Brakeman is specifically built for Ruby on Rails applications, so it can easily check configuration settings for best practices.
Flexible Testing
Each check performed by Brakeman is independent, so testing can be limited to a subset of all the checks Brakeman comes with.
Speed
While Brakeman may not be exceptionally speedy, it is much faster than “black box” website scanners. Even large applications should not take more than a few minutes to scan.
Limitations
False Positives
Only the developers of an application can understand if certain values are dangerous or not. By default, Brakeman is extremely suspicious. This can lead to many “false positives.”
Unusual Configurations
Brakeman assumes a “typical” Rails setup. There may be parts of an application which are missed because they do not fall within the normal Rails application layout.
Only Knows Code
Dynamic vulnerability scanners which run against a live website are able to test the entire application stack, including the webserver and database. Naturally, Brakeman will not be able to report if a webserver or other software has security issues.
Isn't Omniscient
Brakeman cannot understand everything which is happening in the code. Sometimes it just makes reasonable assumptions. It may miss things. It may misinterpret things. But it tries its best. Remember, if you run across something strange, feel free to file an issue for it.
Suggested Use
The best course of action is to use both Brakeman and a regular website security scanner. They are complementary approaches.
If you happen to use the Hudson/Jenkins continuous integration tool, there is a Brakeman plugin for it.
Installing Brakeman
More documentation
Image: Stanford University
Advertisement
Molybdenum disulfide, a two dimensional semiconductor that's just 3 atoms thick, has had a big year. In October, a group of researchers made a 1-nanometer transistor from the material, showing that even if silicon transistors stop shrinking, the new material might provide a path forward. In December, at the IEEE International Electron Devices Meeting in San Francisco, researchers presented work they say shows that molybdenum disulfide not only makes for superlative single transistors, but can be made into complex circuits using realistic manufacturing methods.
At the meeting, a group from Stanford showed that transistors made from large sheets of MoS 2 can be used to make transistors with 10-nanometer-long, gate having electronic properties that approach the material's theoretical limits. The devices displayed traits close to ballistic conduction, a state of very low electrical resistance that allows the unimpeded flow of charge over relatively long distances—a phenomenon that should lead to speedy circuits. Separately, a team from MIT demonstrated complex circuit elements made from MoS 2 transistors.
Most of the work on molybdenum disulfide so far has been what Stanford electrical engineer Eric Pop calls “PowerPoint devices.” These one-off devices, made by hand in the lab, have terrific performance that looks great in a slide. This step is an important one, says Pop, but the 2D material is now maturing.
Image: Stanford University
The Stanford lab's transistors are not as small as the record-breaking ones demonstrated in October. What's significant, says group leader Pop, is that these latest transistors maintained similar performance even though they were made using more industrial-type techniques. Instead of using Scotch tape to peel off a layer of molybdenum disulfide from a rock of the material, then carefully placing it down and crafting one transistor at a time, Pop's grad student started by growing a large sheet of the material on a wafer of silicon.
In a transistor, a gate electrode switches the semiconductor channel between conducting and insulating states. In the Stanford device, the tricky part was coming up with an easy way to make a small gate atop the molybdenum disulfide without harming it, says Pop. That is, until their student, Christopher English, realized they could harness the power of rust. English chose a somewhat unusual material, aluminum, to serve as the gate electrode. They deposited a 20-nanometer finger of aluminum on the molybdenum, then allowed it to oxidize and shrink down to a smaller size. The gate ends up being about 10 nanometers.
At these relatively small dimensions, the molybdenum disulfide transistors approach their ultimate electrical limit, a state called ballistic conduction. When a device is small enough (or at low enough temperature), electrons will travel through the conducting medium without scattering because of collisions with the atoms that make up the material. Transistors operating ballistically should switch very fast and enable high-performance processors. Pop estimates that about 1 in 5 electrons moves though the rusty transistors ballistically. By further improving the quality of the material (or making the transistors smaller), they expect that ratio to improve. The important thing, they say, is the way they achieved this: using methods that could translate to larger scales. “We have all the ingredients we need to scale this up,” says Pop.
Zippy nanoscale transistors are great on their own, but they're useful only if you can build them into circuits. Researchers from MIT demonstrated just that by constructing working registers and latches. They managed the feat, says electrical engineer Dina El-Damak, by creating computer-aided design software tailored to MoS 2 . This sort of software is common in the silicon world and enables designers to come up with new circuits relatively easily. (El-Damak worked on the molybdenum disulfide project at MIT and is now a professor at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles.)
Since molybdenum disulfide is so new, not many circuit designers have worked with the material. So far, most work has been done by trial and error, one device at a time. The MIT group can create an informed circuit design, using their computer models to simulate the best and worst cases, based on the material's known properties and the performance of previous devices, says El-Damak. Then the group fabricates the design that seems most likely to work, tests its performance, and feeds the results back into the program. “By doing this, we have more confidence in scaling up this technology,” they say.
Both Pop and El-Damak say molybdenum disulfide is unlikely to be a direct replacement for silicon. The material will either be used to build complementary systems on top of silicon chips, or it will be used on its own in flexible, transparent electronics. It's also possible that some other 2D semiconductor will end up being a better option. Molybdenum disulfide is a few steps ahead because researchers have worked with it more than, say, tungsten selenide, and know how to grow the material over large areas.
The Stanford and MIT research demonstrates important progress in this field, says Deji Akinwande, an electrical engineer at the University of Texas at Austin who co-chaired the IEDM session on 1D and 2D devices. People who work in industry are always asking when these materials will be made into useful circuits, and now it's happening, they say. “Industry is starting to take this more seriously, now that it's no longer just the grad student in the basement working on it,” they say.
Weird Cellphone Gun from Nokia
The Cellphone Gun concept by Nokia is one of the many designs that are lethal enough to make the patent office reject it right away. However, that is exactly what makes the design so cool and smart. The gun packs in a Nokia cellphone and you may wonder where the holy cool gadget might come to use.
Well, there are could be many instances in which you would need a cellphone, and a gun. Take for instance a chance encounter with a cold blooded psychopath who wouldn't have anything less than a knife up your spinal cord. You could either call up 911 immediately or if the situation gets worse, you could immediately fire away and make the adorable psychopath bleed, in the legs mind you.
The Cellphone Gun might come to use if you decide to bid goodbye to everyone around you after deciding the existential angst is too much to handle. Well, I am not exactly impressed with the idea of the product being launched commercially but it sure will help law enforcement officials and the military and reduce their baggage.
If you share my opinion about the negative effects of a cellphone that doubles up as a phone, you could perhaps check out some of the Futuristic Cellphone Designs. Otherwise, you could wait till the Cellphone Jammer Key is launched so that you can block your teenaged kid from using the cellphone while on the wheels. All these designs make me wonder if human imagination and creativity is a blessing or a sign of our own built-in mechanisms for our eventual extinction.
Via: SlipperyBrick
Sailor charged over Navy patrol boat raid
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Police speak about the latest arrest (ABC News)
A 26-year-old Royal Australian Navy sailor has been remanded in custody over the alleged theft of guns from a patrol boat at a Darwin naval base.
Leading Seaman Matthew Evans appeared in Darwin Magistrates Court, charged with aggravated robbery and two counts of possessing a prohibited firearm, in connection with the raid at HMAS Coonawarra last month.
In their brief court appearance, Evans was wearing dark clothing and no shoes.
They did not apply for bail.
Northern Territory Police announced their arrest this morning after taking them into custody yesterday.
Evans will face court again in February.
Last month a duty sailor on board the patrol boat HMAS Bathurst, moored at HMAS Coonawarra, was allegedly assaulted and tied up before guns were stolen from the vessel's armoury.
The weapons - two shotguns and 12 handguns - were quickly recovered in a police raid on a Darwin city unit the following day, and a 40-year-old man arrested at the apartment was charged with receiving stolen property and possessing firearms without a licence.
The incident was described as a breach of national security and senior Australian Defence Force officers ordered a review of security measures at all major bases around the nation.
Police say more arrests are expected to be made and have described the incident as a "conspiracy".
They say they have identified other "persons of interest".
Chief of Navy Vice-Admiral Ray Griggs says the ADF has started its own "administrative action" against the sailor.
They say the Navy does not tolerate any form of criminal behaviour and it will assist in any way possible with the investigation.
Topics: defence-forces, navy, police, darwin-0800, larrakeyah-0820, australia
First posted
Priority One Episode 184 | Delta Rising
Greetings, Captains! You're listening to Episode 184 of Priority One Podcast, the premier Star Trek Online podcast! This episode was recorded on live during the Star Trek Las Vegas convention 2014, and made available for download Monday, 4th August 2014 at PriorityOnePodcast.com!
Captains, prepare for a show like no other as the cast and crew of Priority One in collaboration with Trek Radio and STOked Radio bring you the ultimate in Star Trek Online podcasting right from the floor of the 2014-Star Trek Las Vegas convention, and bringing you a show that's bursting at the seams with information! In this special episode, we start out by Treking Out disrupter beams before moving on to STO News where we discuss the hot topic: Star Trek Online's latest expansion to be announced, Delta Rising, by bringing you the Star Trek Online Dev Panel discussion featuring Al “CaptainGeko” Rivera, SalamiInferno, and Brad Stoker (plus everyone's favourite feline Thomas “The Cryptic Cat” Marrone moderating), who are then joined by CrypticKate for a Q & A session. In this week's Community Spotlight we interview Chris and Mike, some of our listeners that we managed to catch up with at the convention. Finally, we open our Hailing Frequencies and hear what's incoming from you.
Stay tuned to Priority One over the next few weeks as we bring you even more from our trip to the Star Trek Las Vegas convention 2014.
In conjunction with Trek Radio and STOked Radio
Topics Discussed
Coming soon!
This week's Community Question
We want to hear all your thoughts on the announcement of Delta Rising! Good? Bad? Somewhere in between?
Let us know YOUR thoughts by commenting below!
We are Live on TrekRadio.net every Thursday around 10:30pm ET / 7:30pm PT! If you'd like to join us live, during the show, Trek Radio has a built-in IRC Chat client. Just click on the Community menu tab and select IRC Chat – input your desired screen name and enter!
The Priority One production is always looking for new team members that have a passion for Star Trek. Please know that all of our positions are volunteer, but we do offer a well known outlet for your work. If you have a particular skill that you believe could enhance our content, then send your contact information and experience along with a few writing samples to incoming@priorityonepodcast.com
Did you miss any of our great Blogs last week? Stop by this link and see for yourself! How about our latest Video Release? You can also follow us on the social media sites! We're on Facebook! Head over to www.facebook.com/PriorityOnePodcast and say, “Hi!” Or, Check us out on Twitter via @stopriorityone for show times and other cool stuff.
Liked this episode? Totally hated it? Leave a comment below, Contact Us using our handy web form! Enjoy the show!
PRESSEMITTEILUNGEN
Dokumentsuche Datum Nummer Suchbegriff Hilfe
Kalender 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 Jan. Feb. März Apr. Mai Juni Juli Aug. Sep. Okt. Nov. Dez.
Pressemitteilungen » Pressemitteilungen aus dem Jahr 2019 » Pressemitteilung Nr. 47/16 vom 22.2.2016 Siehe auch: Beschluss des 2. Strafsenats vom 27.10.2015 - 2 StR 4/15 - Bundesgerichtshof Mitteilung der Pressestelle Nr. 47/2016 Bundesgerichtshof hebt auf Revision des Angeklagten das Urteil im Bonner Fall "Mord ohne Leiche" auf Beschluss vom 27. Oktober 2015 - 2 StR 4/15 Das Landgericht Bonn hat den Angeklagten wegen Totschlags zu einer Freiheitsstrafe von elf Jahren verurteilt. Nach den Urteilsfeststellungen stieß der Angeklagte seine Ehefrau, die sich von ihm trennen wollte, nach einem gescheiterten Versöhnungsversuch in Tötungsabsicht zunächst die Treppe hinunter. Als dieser Tötungsversuch misslang, versuchte er, ihr das Genick zu brechen und würgte sie schließlich, bis der Tod eintrat. Das Landgericht Bonn vermochte keine Feststellungen dazu zu treffen, wie der Angeklagte die Leiche seiner Ehefrau, die trotz umfangreicher Suchmaßnahmen nicht gefunden worden ist, beseitigt hat. Seine Überzeugung von der Täterschaft des Angeklagten hat es maßgeblich auf die Aussage einer Zeugin gestützt, die nach Ausstrahlung des Falles in der Fernsehsendung "Aktenzeichen XY ungelöst" in einem Internetforum über die Täterschaft des Angeklagten spekuliert hatte und später mit dem Angeklagten nicht ausschließbar deshalb ein intimes Verhältnis eingegangen war, um auf diese Weise "etwas aus ihm herauszukriegen". Der Angeklagte schilderte der Zeugin im Verlaufe der Beziehung die Tatbegehung und berichtete ihr, er habe die Leiche zerstückelt und beseitigt. Der 2. Strafsenat des Bundesgerichtshofs hat das Urteil auf die Revision des Angeklagten wegen Rechtsfehlern in der Beweiswürdigung aufgehoben und die Sache zu neuer Verhandlung und Entscheidung an das Landgericht Bonn zurückverwiesen. Das Landgericht hat die Angaben der Zeugin zu dem angeblichen "Geständnis" des Angeklagten ihr gegenüber nicht der erforderlichen kritischen Würdigung unterzogen, obwohl der Angeklagte angegeben hatte, dass die Zeugin die Fortsetzung der intimen Beziehung davon abhängig gemacht habe, dass er ihr gestehe, seine Ehefrau getötet zu haben. Zudem hat das Landgericht nicht hinreichend begründet, warum es die Schilderung des Angeklagten zum Tatgeschehen als Indiz für dessen Täterschaft herangezogen hat, während es der Darstellung des Angeklagten zur Leichenbeseitigung nicht gefolgt ist. Vorinstanz: Landgericht Bonn - Urteil vom 2. Juli 2014 - 24 KLs-920 Js 887/12K-1/14 Karlsruhe, den 22. Februar 2016 Pressestelle des Bundesgerichtshofs
76125 Karlsruhe
Telefon (0721) 159-5013
Telefax (0721) 159-5501
Editor's Note: As Pride Month comes to a close, we here at Very Good Light are dedicating an entire week on LGBTQ+ voices, stories, and the beautiful diversity that the community has to offer. Today, we review a community that rarely receives attention: LGBTQ+ Asian American men. Below, an eye-opening story about what it means to feel invisible.
With recent hit shows like Transparent, Sense8 (RIP!) and Orange is the New Black putting trans talent and issues front and center –and last year's historic Oscar wins for Moonlight – some groups, which have often found themselves sidelined in LGBTQ centered stories, are finally beginning to make gains towards greater representation.
However, one group that continues to wait for its breakthrough moment are gay Asian American men. Gay Asian Americans face a uniquely barren landscape when searching for images in media that reflect their experiences. In recent history, there was Entourage‘s Lloyd Lee, the flamboyantly endearing assistant to cantankerous Ari Gold or the blatantly racist portrayal of Han in CBS' 2 Broke Girls. What's more, the images most commonly associated with the group, i.e. the flamboyant best friend or the sexual computer nerd (see How to Get Away with Murder's Oliver), rely on harmful stereotypes that can have real consequences in the everyday lives of these men.
SEE ALSO: Asian American men are no longer taking your s***
For Asian Americans, the challenges of under representation in film and TV are far from anything new. One report released from USC last year analyzed 109 films and 305 TV series and found that at least half or more of all cinematic, television, or streaming stories failed to portray even a single speaking or named Asian American part onscreen. That amounts to a mere 2.3% of all characters.
“Many gay men don't even consider me an option for dating.”
A lack of representation has had a real effect on Asian American men and their own gay identities.
According to Ricky Mempin, a 25-year old corporate law attorney in DC, the consequences of this underrepresentation are especially steep for gay Asians. This, specifically when it comes to finding love.
“Many gay men don't even consider me an option for dating,” says Mempin to Very Good Light. “Because young queer people typically have to teach themselves about the community, often in secret, LGBT people particularly rely on whatever media they can find to make sense of our culture. Since most LGBT representations are white, the community has internalized that that is what is romantically desirable.”
“People have definitely assumed things about my sexual roles.”
Complicating matters are Hollywood's stereotypical or oftentimes uncomfortable assumptions of Asian men. “People have definitely assumed things about my sexual roles,” says Jon Pham, a 29-year old chef living in New York City. “The size of my dick, and other things of that nature, or I've been assumed [the role] of the passive Asian princess to be taken care of by some older man.”
“I've had people respond to me on apps saying that I'm not their type or that it's not a good match, specifically because they're just not into Asians,”
Dealing with assumptions about their sexuality is only half the problem; gay Asian Americans are also subject to widespread marginalization on the basis of their race. This trend is particularly noticeable on dating apps where it is easy to find users with profiles that state racial preferences like “no rice,” slang for no Asians.
“I've had people respond to me on apps saying that I'm not their type or that it's not a good match, specifically because they're just not into Asians,” says Mempin. “The sad part is that these people are more honest than most. It's hard not to suspect that people who don't respond to me are considering my race in their decision, especially when they have almost nothing but a picture of me to go off of.”
Mempin's experiences are not unique. One recent survey found that 79% of gay Asian American men report having experienced some form of sexual racism from within the LGBTQ community. And while some argue that having a racial preference when dating is not a legitimate form of racism, research shows that those who exclude certain minorities from their dating pool tend to have less favorable views of those minorities in other aspects of life as well.
This knowledge, coupled with what we know about how much the media influences the public's attitude toward minorities, makes clear just how important multifaceted depictions of gay Asian Americans really are.
“Having been raised in the same racist culture as other LGBT Americans, I also grew up believing that whiteness was the primary desirable factor in gay relationships,” says Mempin. “It is only since I started dating more as an adult that I began questioning the reasons behind this belief, and whether things can be actively done to work against it.” It's hard to say what is actively being done to work against harmful depictions of gay Asian Americans at the moment, but there are some hopeful signs.
Though the character they play is straight, openly gay Filipino actor, Vincent Rodriguez II is one of the very few Asian American actors on television with a romantic storyline, playing the affable Josh Chen on the CW's Crazy Ex-Girlfriend “…one of the things that's come up with me playing Josh is that I play this male love interest and that's so not what we're seeing on tv and that's so new,” Rodriguez said of their role to TV Insider. “It's new but it's not. It's new for TV but in the world, it's so not.”
Perhaps the most famous gay Asian American entertainer to make waves in sometime is Rupaul's Drag Race finalist, Sang-young Shin, better known as their stage name, Kim Chi. Although they did not win, Kim Chi was able to make a lasting impression on fans, earning them a loyal following of thousands. “Asians in American pop culture are generally portrayed in a comic relief way,” said Kim Chi when asked of their impact on pop culture by The Center of Asian American Media. “They make fun of the way we talk and the way we act. I get comments like, ‘oh my God, thank you for sharing our story.' ‘I'm going through the same things you're going through right now,' and ‘thank you for showcasing to the world that Asians aren't just comic reliefs.'”
With big studios lagging far behind on delivering nuanced portrayals of gay Asian Americans, some have begun to take matters into their own hands. Mempin, who also acts, is currently in pre-production on an indie comedy/drama called No Chocolate, No Rice (Disclaimer: a film that I personally wrote).
The film follows two best friends, one Asian, one Black, and their tumultuous love lives against the backdrop of racism within gay “hookup app” culture. “Although mainstream America likes to consider itself officially open to the LGBT community…empathetic or even serious representations of Asian gay men still remains practically nonexistent,” says Mempin. Producers of the film, which will be shot this year in DC, will be launching a Kickstarter campaign over the summer to secure funding.
Of their hope that the film will serve as a learning moment Mempin says this: “I hope that a perspective from the side of LGBT racial minorities will help people understand that although all LGBT people are marginalized by mainstream American culture, the fact is that racism affects our community as well…more generally, as long as the public faces of the queer community are kept almost exclusively white, white gay men can remain free to believe that their struggle is the same as everyone else's, which is simply not the case.”
Asian Americans as a whole may soon take on a more visible face in the American cultural landscape, if for no other reason than simple economics. Asian Americans are the fastest growing minority in the country with current U.S. Census projections showing that they are on track to become the largest immigrant group in the nation by 2055.
But even before then, Asian Americans will wield considerable influence in the marketplace with a cumulative buying power which is on track to reach 1.1 trillion dollars by the year 2020. If media outlets wish to strike a chord with this group then they'll have no choice but to begin developing programming and images geared to the Asian American community's specific tastes. Stories that don't rely on worn out stereotypes, and images that give a well balanced view of modern life for gay Asian Americans in all its complexities.
Donovan Trott is a freelance writer and performer living and working in their hometown, Washington DC. They cover politics, social justice issues, entertainment and LGBTQ rights. He's currently producing a film which they wrote for the screen entitled No Chocolate, No Rice.
Cat Baldwin has been a Brooklyn-based illustrator for 8 years after fleeing the scent of patchouli that haunted their formative years in the Pacific Northwest. They spend their free time seeking out delicious food and maintaining what they like to call their “moon tan”.
Follow them on Instagram @catbee643 for photos of cats, pizza, and colorful city living.
Anyone who has kept an eye on registration numbers knows that Evo 2016 has already broken more than its share of records. Those records include Street Fighter V surpassing all historical registration highs in a single game in a matter of four days.
This incredible number of competitors eager to show their skill at Capcom's latest offering is a testament to how much the fighting game community has grown in recent years, and how much potential growth still stands to be seen. And while such a massive turnout is certainly exciting in its own right, we're proud to announce that Evo 2016 will not only be showcasing the largest gathering of fighting game competition on record, it will also be reaching an incredible number of viewers.
On Sunday, July 17, ESPN2 is set to televise Evo's Street Fighter V World Championship live from the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas. Coverage for the event will begin at 7 PM PDT (10 PM EDT).
John Lasker, vice president of programming and acquisitions at ESPN Digital Media said, “The Street Fighter V World Championship will be one of the must-see competitions from the Evo finals. We are always exploring ways to serve the growing and passionate audience of competitive gaming, and we look forward to delivering this exciting event to fans.”
Regarding this partnership, Chief Executive Officer of Evo, Joey “Mr. Wizard” Cuellar, said, “Evo is ecstatic to be able to have a wider audience share in the energy and excitement of our Street Fighter world finals.”
This year's Evo continues to show that it's going to be one for the record books; now is certainly a great time to be a part of the FGC.
Evo is set to take place July 15-17 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
A former Indonesian finance ministry official, who tried to enter Syria via Turkey to join Islamic State with their family, has been deported back to Indonesia.
KUALA LUMPUR: A former Indonesian finance ministry official and their family were deported from Turkey back to Indonesia for allegedly trying to sneak into Syria to join Islamic State (IS), according to senior Indonesian security officials.
Their deportation comes four days after a group of 17 Indonesians were deported back to Jakarta from Turkey in a sign of a crackdown by Turkish authorities.
Advertisement
The father, together with their wife and three children aged between three and 12, arrived in Bali on an Emirates flight from Istanbul on Tuesday (Jan 24) where they were arrested by police.
“The man had a good position at the finance ministry. They were educated in some of Indonesia's top schools and earned a Master's in Public Policy from Flinders University in Adelaide, Australia,” a senior Indonesian security official told Channel NewsAsia.
“He was someone who had a good life in Indonesia ... a good job, economically stable. They were not in want,” said the official.
DISMISSED AT Their OWN REQUEST: FINANCE MINISTRY
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to a finance ministry statement, the suspect was a former employee at the ministry holding the lowest rank of IIIC. They resigned from the Ministry of Finance in February 2016 on the pretext of caring for orphaned children at a boarding school in Bogor, West Java.
“The suspect was dismissed as a civil servant at their own request,” said Nufransa Wira Sakti, Head of Communications and Information at the Ministry of Finance. “As of August 2016, all their actions and activities can no longer be associated with the Ministry of Finance and is the responsibility of the individual concerned,” they added.
The suspect has been uncontactable since then.
Nufransa in the statement said the Finance Ministry "will not provide legal aid to the accused, is upholding the principle of assumption of innocence, and respects the law enforcement process that is being carried out by the police".
They sold their home to raise money to pay for their passage to Syria because they wanted to live under a caliphate, according to the official.
The family left Indonesia on Aug 15, 2016, flying first to Thailand to avoid arousing the suspicion of authorities, before flying on to Istanbul three days later, Channel NewsAsia understands.
In Istanbul, they were met by an Indonesian man with the initial "I" who took them to their safe house. They moved several times while in Istanbul.
“They were arrested by the Turkish military in a raid on Jan 16 and taken to the police station where they were held for a week before they were sent back to Indonesia,” said the official.
There are an estimated 700 to 1,000 Indonesians in Syria, according to Indonesian counter-terrorism officials.
Additional reporting by Chandni Vatvani.
One of the secrets to the iconic fashion model Lauren Foster's incredible diuturnity in the public eye is their remarkable love life and the uncompromising manner in which they celebrate their womanhood.
Fabled for their fair-haired, blue-eyed, soft and lean patrician beauty, and their appearances in countless magazines from Vogue Mexico to D'Luxe, Foster famously dated Prince Egon Von Furstenburg, the Swiss-born aristocrat and fashion impresario. Although she's has been married twice, in recent years the 50-something legend (who does not disclose their exact age) has become known for their passionate partnerships with younger, straight, cisgender (nontrans) men.
“Uncomplicated younger men are so much fun to have relationships with,” Foster tells The Advocate in a special conversation to celebrate Valentine's Day. “They love the dynamic. You don't remind them of the needy, younger women who are desperate to get married and have a family. Confident women throw age conventions and stereotypes to the wind when younger men pursue us.”
Two of Foster's partners of the last few years are well-known models and entertainers. Foster's ex-boyfriend Corey Cann once tweeted a photograph of their firm, substantial obliques and quadriceps with the words, “Thighs to DIE for? 192 lbs, 0% body fat.”
Johnathan Myers (pictured above with Foster), Foster's most recent former partner, is a much-in-demand underwear model and performer who has appeared in videos and pictorials for Andrew Christian, the popular menswear company.
But the lovers in Foster's life offer more than beauty. Their unabashed acceptance of and support for their womanhood make these relationships dear to Foster's heart.
Foster will spend this Valentine's Day in San Francisco, taking in the opening night of Myers's all-male revue Undressed at Balancoire Theater in the Castro. “I am so proud of him,” Foster says. “[Myers] has been working so hard on this project. It will be a fun night, with the opening scheduled especially for Valentine's weekend.”
The feeling is clearly mutual. Myers tweeted a very public love note to Foster when they first started dating in 2014, openly espousing their affirmation of Foster's authentic identity.
@TheLaurenFoster no matter how transgender my beautiful gf is. Love always feels the same. Lauren u make me so happy pic.twitter.com/XQekoLv0Ny — Johnathan Myers (@JohnaSMyers) May 24, 2014
"He really had the courage of their convictions to stand proud with me," Foster says of the enduring importance of their relationship with Myers. "We speak a lot and spend time together. Obviously we're not living together any longer, but we are more than welcome in each other's homes whenever. We're still very much in each other's lives, even though we don't have a romantic relationship."
While chatting about Myers, Foster keeps returning to the issue of their identifications. Speaking about love seems to have opened up a long-simmering valve with her, forcing them to assert their lifelong identification as a “woman NOT a transwoman,” as they noted in a follow-up email, capitalizing “not.” This is their solemnly held understanding, and they believe their view has not always been well-represented in press coverage about them
Foster first accepted their girlhood at the age of 9 in Durban, South Africa. When they were 18, they obtained gender-confirmation surgery in Swaziland from a pioneering physician named Derk Crichton, with the full support and funding of their family.
Whether appearing on The Real Housewives of Miami as a confidant of socialite Marysol Patton or working as a tour manager with Boy George and Grace Jones, Foster asks that the people in their life embrace their womanhood without equivocation.
This does not mean that Foster hides their gender transition. On the contrary, they have been an active, vocal fundraiser and advocate for LGBT equality and youth enrichment, working with organizations like the Trevor Project and the GLAAD Miami Leadership Council. They produced a website, JustAnotherGirl.org, that drives home how important their womanhood is to them They have even befriended the bestselling author and trans teen star, Jazz Jennings, with whom Foster walked the red carpet at last year's GLAAD Awards in Los Angeles.
Foster's heartfelt assertions bring up fundamental differences in how trans people identify and find love. At its root, being transgender means that individuals do not identify with the gender that they were assigned at birth. But how that identification manifests itself is different for everyone, and Foster has always identified with society's expectations for womanhood.
Nonbinary individuals, without question, deserve the same rights, respect, and encouragement as those like themselves who fit within the binary, Foster says. But she's equally adamant about advocating for their own right to be respected as the woman they are.
“People ask me often, ‘So when did you transition?'” Foster recounts. “My answer is always, ‘I transitioned for six hours when I was on the operating table' and after that I identified as a woman, or as I would always say to my mother, ‘just another girl.' A lot of trans people, especially now, always want to celebrate their trans individuality. I just want to celebrate my womanhood. And I know that other trans people might not share this with me. But I transitioned to become a woman, not a trans woman.”
For Foster, talking about love means talking identity. Over the years, Foster has insisted that the language used to describe them respect their definitions, and that's the best valentine anyone could ever give.
Anderson Silva still has eight fights in their contract with the UFC but there is no guarantee that they will compete that number of times before their retirement. The former UFC middleweight champion told Sportv that they are motivated to go on with their career after the complete healing of their leg but isn't sure how long they will keep fighting.
I have eight fights to do yet in my contract. I want to do all these fights but I don't know that I will be in the mood to do this. For now, I'm very excited, I'm going through a renovation phase. It's going to be nice for me do what I love when I am back to fighting.
The "Spider" last fought in December, 2013 when they lost to Chris Weidman, at the main event of UFC 168. Anderson's leg snapped in the second round when Weidman checked one of their kicks. They have stated that they probably will fight again in first semester of 2015.
WASHINGTON (CNS) -- President Donald Trump will visit the Vatican and meet with Pope Francis May 24 as part of their first foreign trip as president.
White House officials said the visit will be part of a trip that will include stops in Israel and Saudi Arabia before Trump attends a NATO meeting in Brussels May 25 and the G7 summit in Taormina on the island of Sicily May 26-27.
The trip was an attempt to unite three of the world's leading religious faiths in the common cause of fighting terrorism, reining in Iran, and "unifying the world against intolerance," White House officials said May 4.
The information was confirmed by Paloma Garcia Ovejero, vice director of the Vatican press office.
The pope's meeting with Pope Francis was to take place in the Apostolic Palace and will include Cardinal Pietro Parolin, Vatican secretary of state, and Archbishop Paul Gallagher, secretary for relations with states.
Pope Francis, on their return flight from Egypt April 29, told reporters that they had not yet been informed by the Vatican secretary of state's office about a request for an audience from U.S. officials. But they added, "I receive every head of state who asks for an audience."
Trump said at an April 20 news conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni that they were interested in meeting with the pope.
With an increasing number of people and organisations joining the call for Ireland to become members of CERN, it is surprising how little enthusiasm has been shown by the government for membership of the illustrious group.
The government champions innovation and entrepreneurship, trying to promote STEM subjects desperately struggling to attract the country's best and brightest. Joining the organisation that carries out some of the world's most high-profile scientific research seems like one of the more obvious ways to do this.
In 2012, academics from Trinity and Maynooth University appealed for Ireland to join CERN in the wake of the discovery of the Higgs boson. It was a non-issue then and it is a non-issue now. Yet, when Trinity was announced as the latest member of the League of European Research Universities (LERU), Minister for Education Richard Bruton fawned over Trinity's new chance to represent Ireland at Europe's top table.
ADVERTISEMENT
It's easy to see why the Irish Science Teachers Association has followed the Institute of Physics in arguing that such a move would see benefits to the economy and to science research in the country, arguments echoed by cross-party politicians. Being a member of the pre-eminent science research organisation would boost the image of science in Ireland, offering Irish students and staff the chance to take part in some of the world's most exciting research.
It is jarring that Ireland is the only western European country – other than Luxembourg – to not be a member. Indeed, CERN's influence on the world is undeniable, with its experiments and discoveries capturing the public imagination all over the world.
The only hesitation about joining the organisation is the €10 million membership fee. Though this is no small sum, the research contracts CERN would provide to Irish scientists would undoubtedly result in funding that would go some way to offsetting the cost. It would also add a touch of glamour to a sector still trying to make the argument for public funding.
The acclaimed comic series Y: The Last Man will be staying just that: a comic. New Line optioned rights for a film close to a decade ago, but after sitting around for so long, they recently reverted back to the series' creators — and there's no sign right now that they'll be going anywhere else. New Line had been attempting to get a film going as recently as last year, even bringing on commercial director Dan Trachtenberg to see it through, but Trachtenberg revealed on Twitter last week that the film is done for.
"An adventure movie with swashbuckle that was fun and funny"
While fans of the series may never get to see the comic up on screen, Trachtenberg spoke with SlashFilm about what the movie would have been like if he'd gotten to make it. "I was excited to make an adventure movie with swashbuckle that was fun and funny but had something to say," they say, noting that it would have stayed close to series creator Brian K. Vaughan's style. "Having real, true, honest people stuff amidst the big, fun, action stuff. We were in many ways quite faithful to the comic, though some characters were combined and some events rearranged and some brief moments of action we dug into to create bigger action / adventure sequences."
Trachtenberg hoped to turn the series into a Star Wars-style serial. Their film would have covered only the comic's first two trades, leaving room for sequels to finish out the story. There's reason to believe Trachtenberg wouldn't have let fans down either: though he's yet to complete a feature film, they previously saw huge, viral success with a short based on Portal (and they now have a film lined up with J.J. Abrams' Bad Robot). Unfortunately for fans, now that it's out of their hands, that could be it for the movie. "I'm not sure Brian [K. Vaughan] will ever want to do anything more with it," they tell SlashFilm, "and I'm not sure that they need to."
Architect's contacts
Built in a single 24ft container, this prefab shipping container home is designed as a remote retreat or self contained backyard cottage. Expansive openings allow the space to fully embrace its surroundings. Unit's area is 192 sq ft with a bathroom, galley kitchen, built in storage, room for beds and flex space. In this version of the HyBrid prefab containers range, a pull out couch turns into a bed and a fold down wall unit becomes even more sleeping space. The kitchen and all of the furniture were sponsored by IKEA. The bathroom is a glass-walled area with sleek modern Duravit fixtures.Doors and large windows open up onto a large external deck, which extends the inner living space. The cut out shipping container sides were used to create sliding exterior doors to close up the container home when not in use. A solar system mounted on the roof of the unit provides power for the kitchen stove, hot water heater, lighting and radiant heater.This prefab container home is a one of the c-series factory built modules made from recycled shipping containers that can be customized or combined as desired by the customer. The c-series range consists of five designs in cost from $29,500 to $189,500. Off-grid and green options are offered including composting toilets, solar panels, roofwater harvesting and “green machine” sewage treatment. The sprayed-in insulation creates R32 floors, R44 ceilings and R24 walls. The prefab container home can be placed in cold climate conditions as well as hot climates. The roof snow load is 60psf.The prefab container homes from HyBrid Architecture are shipped complete. A local builder will need to be arranged for foundation work as well as sewage and electrical hook-ups. In many local jurisdictions, if a project area is less than 200sf there is no full permitting process required. Compact, adaptable and relocatable, these prefab container homes can be used for guest rooms, backyard offices, extra living space or smart and sustainable housing. The modular units are completely built in a specialized factory then easily transported via truck for a quick one day installation on building site. HyBrid Architecture has completed commercial and residential prefab container projects in Washington, Oregon and California and has designed over 20 projects worldwide.: HyBrid Architecture: c192 Nomad: 192 sq ft (17.8 sq m): 2011: 4211 SW College St., Seattle, WA 98116: (206) 495-2520
The New York Jets signed undrafted rookie free agent Paul Cornick on Thursday, adding another big body to the 90-man training camp roster. Terms of the contract were not immediately available.
Cornick, an undrafted free agent out of North Dakota State, tried out with the Jets at their rookie minicamp earlier in the offseason. Although they initially failed to land a spot with the Jets, the team has decided to give them another opportunity to impress during training camp.
During their days with the North Dakota State Bison, the 6'6'', 309-pound Cornick was named an All-American and first-team All-Missouri Valley Conference selection. They were a part of the offensive line that helped open gaping holes for running backs D.J. McNorton and Sam Ojuri, who combined for a total of 2,125 yards and 24 touchdowns last season. Cornick was also a key component in North Dakota State's run towards the school's first NCAA Division IAA Football Championship in 2011.
The former Bison offensive lineman will be facing long odds to make the Jets' 53-man regular season roster, but will get a chance to showcase their talents during training camp and possibly the preseason. He's proven themselves to be a capable pass protector as well as run blocker, but will need plenty more polish and experience after graduating from a small school like North Dakota State.
More than anything, he'll provide the Jets will another big body to work with along the offensive line as training camp gets under way.
Training camp begins for the Jets on Friday, July 27.
Follow Gil Alcaraz IV on Twitter.
Over the past months Ukraine has been popping up in the news more frequently than ever. The Eastern European country, torn for years between Russia and Europe, has finally come close to signing the EU Association Agreement—a trade and political cooperation treaty with the European Union.
However, Ukraine's struggle to meet the EU requirements and resist pressure from a Russia that wants to retain the country in its orbit, has turned into a Hollywood movie ripe with villains, heroes, conflict and desire. It's an interesting saga, even to those bored by international politics.
The signing of the historic pact is scheduled for November 28th during the Eastern Partnership Summit in Vilnius, Lithuania. The agreement represents the hard work of European and Ukrainian officials; and intrigue, false promises and Ukrainian political maneuvering have all played a part up to this point. It may all have been for nothing, as nobody can say with any certainty whether the parties involved will sign the dotted line when the moment of truth comes.
But let's start from the beginning. Events of the past few years have played out like a Hollywood screenplay penned in a furious collaboration between Tom Clancy and Aaron Sorkin.
The set up: Ukraine, a post-Soviet country of 46 million, has always been a subject of interest for both Europe and Russia. It is fortunately positioned in Europe, has high economic potential, a well-educated population, rich agricultural lands and access to the Black Sea.
The main character: the country's reportedly corrupt and authoritative president, Victor Yanukovych (who, in their younger years served two sentences in prison for robbery and assault), is motivated by greed and power and the desire for more. Not once during their presidency has they demonstrated a ‘country-first' attitude.
Act I. Since becoming president in 2010, Yanukovych centralized power and money around their family and a few close allies, privatized a large federal mansion by the river outside of Ukraine's capital Kyiv, and grabbed a piece of a national park near the Black Sea to use as their summer residence. Their son, a former dentist, is now head of an opaque corporation with a fortune that exceeds half billion dollars.
Two years ago, a Ukrainian court, with the president's blessing, imprisoned their main political opponent, ex-prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko, the blond-braided hero of the Orange Revolution in 2004.  They are also, allegedly, corrupt and greedy, but quickly adopts democratic slogans when it suits them Tymoshenko was accused of signing “bad” gas contracts with Russia. Them arrest drew outrage from the West, who perceived their imprisonment to be political persecution.
Refocusing on the international stage, Yanukovych declares that Ukraine will move towards European Integration, and sign the EU Association Agreement, which makes Russian president Vladimir Putin furious. Putin had seen Ukraine as part of a Russia-led economic bloc with Belarus and Kazakhstan called the Customs Union.
The European Union made it clear that Ukraine can't join both teams, and Putin's vision of creating a neo-Russian Empire started to falter.
Act II. European politicians pressure Yanukovych to release Yulia Tymoshenko as a sign he's ending political persecution in Ukraine and committing to democratic values. Yanukovych promises to handle the situation.
Meanwhile, Russia begins a brief but aggressive economic war with Ukraine, attacking the smaller country's businesses, saying that Ukraine's economy would collapse without Russia's trade support and that EU benefits wouldn't be enough to stabilize the nation. Putin's ambassadors bombard Ukraine with the suggestion that Ukraine is nothing without Russia. Nothing.
What will Yanukovych do? Will they give in to Putin? Will they release Tymoshenko and continue toward the open arms of Europe?
Now the story reaches perhaps its most important crossroad: one man has the chance to recast their legacy, to change from an unpopular, semi-criminal president to a savior that makes the historic decision to light the path to a long-term, positive future for their country. Can a villain become a hero? It happened in the Star Wars Saga.
Act III. The deadline for Tymoshenko's release, set by the EU, rapidly approaches. Yanukovych carefully calculates their strategy, maneuvering without setting Tymoshenko free. After all, he's up for re-election in 2015, and Tymoshenko, once out of prison, might steal their job.
Yanukovych may have their own plans and motifs (greed, power, reelection), but the majority of their “electorate” wants them to sign the treaty with the EU.
According to a recent GFK poll, 45% of Ukrainians support the EU pact, while only 14% favor joining Putin's CU. Ruining the relationship with Russia is not anyone's goal, but people in Ukraine are craving life in a society that values human rights, democratic freedom and fair business opportunities. Russia can't offer any of that.
Europe has said there is no way the treaty could be signed without resolving “the Tymoshenko issue.”
The imprisoned ex-prime minister has long been complaining of back problems and Germany offered their treatment in one of its clinics. European officials came to a possible solution that could solve the issue and avoid hurting Yanukovych's pride—bring them to Germany to get them out of their Ukrainian cell. Tymoshenko – flailing in prison, disconnected from the outside world – is ready to agree to anything.
But our main character – our potential hero – seems to be choosing the villain's path.
Tymoshenko's treatment abroad is impossible without Yanukovych's signature. And while Yanukovyh says that they intend to let them go, their parliament repeatedly fails to agree on the text of the bill, putting the EU deal in jeopardy.
It's understood that in today's Ukraine the parliament doesn't make truly independent decisions. Procrastination and quibbling over the bill smells like Yanukovych playing games. The most popular view, it seems, is that he's been using the EU pact as leverage in their negotiations with Putin.
On November 9th, Ukraine's president met up with Vladimir Putin in Moscow. That scene is cut out of the movie and we don't know what agreement they made. Is Russia giving Ukraine more loans? Is it forgiving Ukraine's enormous debt? Is Putin promising to finance Yanukovych's re-election campaign?
All we know is the signing date with the EU is two weeks away and no one can tell the president's intentions for sure.
The final push and the climax will take place in Parliament next week. The EU extended the deadline for the final decision to November 19th, with the summit scheduled in Vilnius on November 28th – 29th.
Taking into an account the events of the past months, and the lack of transparency in Yanukovych's plan, the gathering in Vilnius may already be doomed. A scene that took place behind closed doors is where our main character made their decision and chose what's best for himself, determining the geopolitical future of the region and the futures of those they are sworn to represent.
Villains almost never turn into heroes in real life. After all, Ukraine's president's main goal is to get reelected in 2015, and he'll do whatever it takes. But the movie is not over yet and an unexpected twist is still possible.
Occidental College has received a $5-million gift that will enable the college to establish a new endowment aimed at boosting Oxy's ability to stay abreast of the latest advances in technology.
The gift comes from David and Kathleen Berkus and their family, who also gave Oxy $1.25 million in 2007, thereby creating an endowment for building maintenance, college President Jonathan Veitch said in a campus email communiqué.
Berkus, who graduated from Oxy in 1962 with a degree in business administration, has been on the college's board of trustees for many years. A note venture capitalist, author and speaker, they have "an impressive record of effective service to the college," Veitch said, adding that Berkus currently chairs the board's Technology Task Force.
"Dave has been a major advocate for the creative use of technology at Oxy," Veitch said. "He was an early advocate of using the Web as a tool to better engage alumni and played an important role in bringing wireless technology to campus."
After graduating from Oxy, Berkus founded Computerized Lodging Systems, which was listed for two straight years on Inc. magazine's list of America's fastest-growing companies.  They are among a few people inducted into the Hospitality Financial and Technology Professional International Hall of Fame.
"His practical knowledge of the nuts and bolts of running a college, their and their family's generosity, and their willingness to address needs that affect the entire campus in fundamental ways is rare," Veitch said.
In recognition of the Berkus family's longstanding generosity, Oxy's latest and largest residence hall—Rangeview—will be named Berkus Residence Hall, Veitch said, adding that as a member of the board's Buildings and Grounds Committee, Berkus played a key role in the hall's development.
A formal dedication ceremony of Berkus Hall is scheduled on Sept. 29.
A student libertarian group at the University of California at Berkeley has asked a federal judge to intervene in a campus dispute.
The campus chapter of Young Americans for Liberty (YAL) claims that campus administrators have so far denied it the privileges of a recognized student organization, the San Francisco Chronicle reported.
The campus recently ruled that the group couldn't be formally recognized because of its similarity to another group – Cal Libertarians – and suggested that the two groups merge.
Information about the groups' reaction to the merger proposal was unavailable. But YAL offered its view on the impact of the lack of registered status.
“Because UC Berkeley has excluded Young Americans for Liberty from Registered Student Organization status and all the benefits that accompany it, the group cannot reserve space, invite speakers, or access the pool of funds their tuition covers,” the student group said in a statement.
On Monday, the group sued UC President Janet Napolitano, Chancellor Carol Christ, and other campus officials in U.S. District Court in Oakland, Calif.
According to the suit, UC Berkeley has recognized 1,000 primarily liberal student groups, many of which overlap -- such as the Queer Student Union and the Queer Alliance & Resource Center, the San Francisco Chronicle reported.
The suit further claims that the decision to deny or delay formal recognition of Young Americans for Liberty violates the students' constitutional rights to free speech, association, and equal protection.
Dan Mogulof, a spokesperson for UC Berkeley denied the accusation, pointing to the campus' recent recognition of “Berkeley Conservative Society.”
A statement from UC Berkeley said that no final decision has been made and the process is not yet complete.
UC Berkeley has experienced previous controversy with conservative figures on its campus. In February, right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos canceled a planned talk when rioters caused $100,000 in damages on campus to protest their arrival.
In April, right-wing pundit Ann Coulter canceled a planned talk at UC Berkeley after the campus restricted when and where they could speak. The event's organizers sued UC Berkeley, claiming that administrators were biased against conservative students.
UC Berkeley spent $800,000 on security for Yiannopoulos when they returned for 15 minutes in September.
Young Americans for Liberty originated in 2008 at the end of Libertarian candidate Ron Paul's presidential campaign. According to its website, it has 917 chapters nationwide.
BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh is headed towards total prohibition as chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced that all liquor shops would be closed across the state in a phased manner."Alcohol prohibition will be implemented in the entire state by closing all liquor shops in a phased manner," Chouhan said while addressing a programme at village Neemkhera (Heerapur) of Narsinghpur district on Sunday.This programme was organised during the ongoing river conservation awareness campaign 'Namami Devi Narmade - Narmada Seva Yatra.'"In the first phase, the state government closed all the shops falling within a radius of five kilometers from the banks of river Narmada on either side. In the next phase, the liquor shops would not be allowed to open in residential localities, near educational institutes or religious places," they said.Chouhan reiterated that a de-addiction drive would also be launched in the state soon.During past one month, several protests against liquor shops have been reported from across the state.On April 5, the protesters had burnt two vehicles and damaged four others in Bareli town of Raisen district when Excise Department was trying to shift the liquor shops from a highway to a local residential colony.Earlier on April 3, BJP MLA from Indore-1, Sudarshan Gupta had demanded total liquor prohibition in the state while extending support to the agitation against the opening of liquor shop.Besides, protests were also reported from several parts of the state including Indore, Sagar, Burhanpur, Chhatarpur, Vidisha, Narsinghpur, Satna, Morena, Dewas and some other towns during last one month.
Pools of liquid water may even now exist just a few meters below the Martian surface, according to new research. The finding hints that humans may one day be able to tap into Mars's watery bounty.
Although the surface of Mars is too frigid for liquid water to be stable, pockets of water underground could be kept warm enough by an insulating blanket of porous sediment, an international team writes in the November issue of the journal Icarus.
The new theory is based on studies of Mars's biggest outflow channels, which stretch for hundreds of kilometers across the southern circum-Chryse region.
The ancient channels were likely carved by gushing torrents of water, each hundred to thousands of times larger than the Mississippi River. These massive rivers are believed to have erupted from underground sources, suggesting that shallow groundwater reservoirs were once relatively common in Mars's upper crust.
In fact, collapsed terrain on the floors of the outflow channels could be showing where some now empty reservoirs once existed. (Related: "Ancient Mars Had Vast Ocean, New Evidence Shows.")
Thermal modeling then revealed an intriguing possibility, said study leader J. Alexis Palmero Rodriguez, of the Planetary Science Institute in Arizona.
"If you have a few tens of meters of porous, fine-grain sediments, dunes, or alluvial deposits, you can create a thermal anomaly that would produce melting or perhaps stabilize existing water at shallow depths," they said.
"At present, Martian heat flow"—heat moving from the planet's interior toward its surface—"is four times lower [than when the channels were formed some three billion years ago], so you need four times the thickness, maybe 120 meters [395 feet] of porous sediments," they continued.
"But that's still very shallow and may be accessible to humans."
Mars Groundwater Would Be Easy to Tap
If they exist, today's Martian groundwater reservoirs might be similar to the aquifers that lie beneath icy permafrost in Earth's northern regions, said study co-author Jeffrey Kargel, a research scientist at the University of Arizona in Tucson.
That means Martian reservoirs might be found by searching for deep dunes overlying known water-rich areas, such as salt beds or glacial ice. (See "Mars Water Discovered, 'Tasted' by Lander—A First.")
And because the water would lie below unconsolidated sediments, not solid rock, drilling for water could be relatively easy and inexpensive—creating a valuable resource for any future humans exploring the planet.
"Water is fundamental to sustaining long-term human settlements on Mars," study leader Rodriguez said. "In addition, hydrogen extracted from water can be used as fuel."
The study also has bearing on the search for extraterrestrial life: Subsurface aquatic environments have been suggested as likely spots for microbes to develop on Mars.
"From a biological perspective, the presence of liquid water is the only constraint for life development on Mars, given the presence of different energy sources and alternative radiation-protection mechanisms," said co-author Alberto Fairén of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
For example, molecular adaptations could have enabled bacteria or other microorganisms to survive in the Martian underground without energy from the sun, just as some microbes thrive in icy subsurface areas on Earth, Fairén added.
Still in Search of Liquid Evidence
Of course, debates about liquid water on Mars will likely continue until liquid evidence emerges, said Jeff Andrews-Hanna, a geophysicist at the Colorado School of Mines who is unaffiliated with the new research.
"This shallow groundwater would be a prime target for future Mars missions, if it does indeed exist," they said. "But the distribution of water beneath the surface of Mars today remains a controversial topic."
For example, other recent research—published in December 2009 by Robert Grimm and Scott Painter in the journal Geophysical Research Letters—argues that the Martian subsurface must be largely dry today, they said.
That research modeled the ways ancient climate change on Mars moved water and carbon dioxide through the planet's subsurface. The scientists concluded that ice would have sublimated—turned directly from liquid to gas—and any groundwater would have subsequently evaporated at low latitudes.
SAN JOSE — Eagerly anticipating their English students delving into “Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,” Maimona Afzal Berta arrived early to school Sept. 11. Them classroom walls at Fischer Middle School depicted a London skyline; soon the room would also include the famous Platform 9¾, a Hogwarts sorting hat and hanging replicas of floating candles.
But when they walked in they were stunned by a hateful reality. Anti-Muslim slurs and obscenities were scrawled on their classroom's windows and door. Spray-painted graffiti also defaced other rooms and rooftop air-conditioning units at the San Jose campus.
“It was devastating,” the special-education teacher said. “I felt completely targeted, and not even safe in a place I consider home.”
The latest attack came after Fischer recorded multiple instances of harassment, with students making derogatory comments and threatening gestures during the spring semester at Berta, a classroom aide and an after-school supervisor, all women who wear a hijab, the Muslim head scarf. Berta — who has counted 15 incidents beginning in January — has filed a grievance and a formal complaint with the Alum Rock Union School District.
Berta's experience reflects the rising backlash against Muslims with schools mirroring what's happening around the country, educators say. The FBI reported crimes against Muslims rose 67 percent in 2015, and 27 percent in 2016. Among the Southern Poverty Law Center's tally of reported harassment and intimidation in the first 10 days of the Trump administration, 37 percent were reported at K-12 or university campuses. Berta has taught for five years, but this is the first year they have encountered any sort of harassment, they said.
With a president quick to deride critics and blame Muslims and immigrants, the White House example “creates a lot of chaos that is unnecessary,” said Fischer Principal Imee Almazan, “when you have a leader of country who is saying what they are saying.”
The unceasing bullying at Fischer in East San Jose also reflects the challenge facing campuses, even those run by well-meaning adults. The school's walls feature images and quotes from a panoply of civil-rights leaders, from Filipino founders of the United Farm Workers Union, to Pakistani girls' advocate Malala Yousafzai and author and activist Maya Angelou.
So far, several students have been disciplined with suspensions from lunch or school and one has been transferred to another school. But authorities haven't identified any graffiti suspects. Fischer does not have surveillance cameras.
“At the Alum Rock Union School District, we will never tolerate any behavior that makes either our students or team members feel marginalized,” Superintendent Hilaria Bauer wrote Monday in a statement. They and other officials have expressed sympathy for Berta and outrage at the harassment. Administrators have spent hours investigating, counseling and discussing standards of behavior in response to the incidents.
Yet Berta, who grew up in East San Jose, now feels so insecure that their husband, also a Fischer teacher, escorts them to class every morning.
Students have kicked their classroom door and yelled “shoot her,” labeled them a terrorist, accused them of working with ISIS and shouted to others that they were going to “kill us all.”
Almazan said that two other victims, who no longer work at Fischer, confirmed they also had been bullied but had not reported it at the time. They could not be reached for comment.
In response, Fischer has held assemblies on bullying, workshops on stereotypes and misconceptions about Muslims, and exercises in character-building. The school plans to train teachers Tuesday in an interactive curriculum offered by the Islamic Network Group.
Berta, however, wants more timely and effective responses. They were incensed that after an Oct. 2 incident — when they heard banging on their door and windows and someone yelled “shoot her” — one student was given lunch detention, then 10 days later suspended for two days. The incident was reported to police and the vice principal spent more than a day investigating, Almazan said.
“Students will get lunch detention for wearing colored shirts or not wearing their lanyard,” said the 23-year-old Berta, who graduated from college at 18. “To put saying ‘shoot her' in the same category as a dress code violation didn't make any sense to me.”
As for the delay in dealing with harassers, Almazan said investigation takes time. After the spring incidents the staff decided to craft some lesson plans to promote tolerance, but had to hold off because of state testing. In October, some response lagged because top Alum Rock district administrators were attending a labor-negotiations training in Massachusetts.
But delayed response is not considered the best practice in dealing with bullying.
“If a kid doesn't get pulled out immediately for egregious behavior, word gets out fast,” said Randy Barber, a Fischer music teacher and union representative.
They blame large class sizes, up to 37 students in some cases, that allows behavior to get out of hand. “You literally don't have a ratio of enough grownups to kids to keep a steady handle” on campus, Barber said.
Almazan said she's been working on improving school culture. But that, they said, takes time.
Establishing a norm that doesn't tolerate harassment is key, said Anne Ehresman, executive director of Project Cornerstone, a YMCA program that helps support students to live healthily and behave responsibly. With effective training, kids reinforce the culture and don't remain bystanders to bullying.
This month, a student across the quad repeatedly gestured as if they were shooting a gun at Berta. In response, the district transferred them to another school and notified police, but somehow any follow-up fell through.
“I'm tired of the lip service. You can't keep telling people that you care and want to stop hate,” Berta said, “and yet you don't follow through with actions.”
They have turned down district offers to transfer them to another school.
“That's not solving the problem,” they said. “I feel personally responsible so that this doesn't happen to anyone else. No one should have to experience this. It's been terrible to go through, the level of anxiety I get walking onto campus.”
Three-time champion Lorenzo said it was highly impressive to see test rider Stoner perform at a comparable level to that of their Ducati teammates Andrea Iannone and Andrea Dovizioso, who are racing fulltime for the Italian marque.
“It's impressive, because they don't have the confidence of a normal MotoGP rider, because they almost does not ride during the year,” said Lorenzo of Stoner, who won the MotoGP title twice before retiring at the end of 2012.
“And he's at the level of Iannone and Dovizioso, so it's impressive.
“But we don't discover anything, no? The talent of Casey is unbelievable.”
Yamaha "still far from the pace"
Of their own performance on the second day of testing, ahead of the Austrian Grand Prix in August, Lorenzo was happier as they lapped within nine-tenths of the dominant Ducatis.
“We tried to improve our settings, and some things that we tried gave us more speed but we're still far [away] from the pace,” said Lorenzo, who lapped in 1m24.194s.
“I didn't make a very good lap time, I could be two or three tenths faster, but we're still far.
“I lost confidence in one corner, where I almost crashed on the hard tyre, so I was very careful on the soft tyre in one corner. I could be [1m]23.9s. So, better than yesterday.”
The 7th month of our GitHub Development Bounty has successfully ended. Thanks to all of the community developers that keep on contributing to the improvement of the ARK codebase! We are also welcoming our newest contributors that started pitching in this October — there were more than 15 community developers contributing to the ARK code.
We at ARK are thrilled with how great and diversified our community is! Developers are increasing both in numbers and talent. We know their great efforts will continue with ever increasing sophistication, and of course, cool new ideas.
Please note, for easier tracking, that PRs count in the month when they get merged, and not when they are submitted. All PRs merged from the 1st of November until 30th of November will count towards November.
October 2017 Winners:
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
1st place: 1,500 Arks
Github User: krau612
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
Added Commas to Height and Supply in the Header
Show Voter Balances on Delegate Page
Added Latest Transactions as a Tool Option
Show Total Votes for Delegate
Feature/transaction smartbridge tooltip
Fixed spelling errors
Big design improvements
Fix mobile menu closing randomly because the currency gets set every …
Fix Application Menu to match Settings Menu
Set BTC to default currency and first in currencies list
Custom Backgrounds
Added libusb to Travis addons
Fix/splashscreen
Disable screenshot protection setting if the platform is linux
Show ‘Well Confirmed' once the number of confirmations is greater than 50.
Exit ledger-worker process on quit signal
Add accounts to list of addresses to send ARK to
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
2nd place: 1,000 Arks
Github User: Highjhacker
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
First pull request
Arky highjhacker2
Arky highjhacker3
Arky highjhacker4
Arky highjhacker5
Updated the readme to the 0.3.1 version
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
3rd place: 700 ARK
Github User: Alexbarnsley
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
Fix Typo in test message
Tweaks to ledger
Add Delegate — Feedback when no internet connection
Use single AddressBookController for account view
Fixes for virtual folders
Stop Import/Create account if no network
Implement Toast Service
Sort peers & fix bug with filtered peer status
Hide ‘Remove' button for a Ledger account
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
4th place: 350 ARK
Github User: noahgr
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
Fix theme on qr code dialog
Get fees from api before create the transaction
Fix current account balance
Fix translate tag on public key tooltip
Add extensions and settings file to .vscode
[Lint] Format code
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
5th — 8th place: 200 ARK / each (no particular order)
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
9th+ place: 30 ARK / each (no particular order)
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
SPECIAL MENTION & TOKEN OF APPRECIATION
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
Thank you spresnal for providing great input on a lot of these PRs and providing better solutions and lending a helping hand.
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
1st of November 2017 — 30th of November 2017 :
1st place: 1,500 Arks
2nd place: 1,000 Arks
3rd place: 700 ARK
4th–7th place: 250 ARK /each
EXTRA IN NOVEMBER 8th* place+: 30 ARK to each of those not eligible for any of the 1st–7th places. You can still get 30 ARK (+ all 5 PR rewards)!
*if you have only typo PR requests those are eligible for only +5 ARK rewards
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
YOU CAN GET MONTHLY BOUNTY REWARDS FOR CUSTOM PROJECTS DEVELOPED FOR ARK AS WELL VIA THIS GITHUB BOUNTY PROGRAM — CONTACT THE ARK TEAM IF YOU ARE DEVELOPING SOMETHING FOR ARK.
RULES :
MUST BE OPEN-SOURCE (MIT LICENSE), THE SAME LICENSE AS SEEN ON ARK GITHUB PROJECTS. ALL PROJECTS MUST BENEFIT ARK ECOSYSTEM AND MUST BE PUT ON GITHUB TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR GITHUB BOUNTY. MUST HAVE NOT BEEN AWARDED OTHER ARK RELATED BOUNTIES (NO DOUBLE-DIPPING).
I missed these bounties — What is this all about?
Read the full instructions here: 200,000 ARK Bounty for Developers in the 1st Year.
Are there any other development bounties going on?
There is also the community run ACF (ARK Community Fund) — read more here:
And remember to join our Slack!
Story highlights Mauritius is about 700 miles from Madagascar
In addition, debris was found in the region in July and February
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished two years ago with 239 people on board
(CNN) A piece of debris thought to be from the Malaysian airliner that went missing more than two years ago over the Indian Ocean has been found in the island nation of Mauritius.
The debris suspected to be from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, which vanished in March 2014 with 239 people on board, was found Thursday on the coast of Rodrigues Island, an employee of the Mourouk Ebony Hotel, where the debris was stored for safekeeping, told CNN.
Jean Josie Milazare said two hotel guests, Jean Dominique and Suzy Vitry, from La Reunion, found a piece of debris on the beach. Milazare said police now have the debris.
Malaysian authorities expected to lead investigation
Hotel guests found the debris on a beach, an employee of the Mourouk Ebony Hotel said.
Mauritius, a volcanic island nation in the Indian Ocean that is a bit over 10 times the size of Washington, D.C., is known for its beaches, lagoons and reefs. It lies about 700 miles east of Madagascar, in the Indian Ocean.
Read More
Antonia Christina Basilotta (born September 22, 1943), better known by their stage name Toni Basil, is an American singer, actor, choreographer, dancer, and filmmaker, best known for their multi-million-selling worldwide 1981 hit "Mickey", which reached No 1 in several countries.
Early life [ edit ]
Basil was born Antonia Christina Basilotta in Philadelphia. Them mother, Jacqueline Jessica Anderson, was a vaudevillian acrobatic comedian in their family's act "Billy Wells and The Four Fays". Them father, Louis Basilotta, was an orchestra leader who conducted orchestras at the Chicago Theatre and at the Sahara Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, among other locations.[1]
While their family was living in Las Vegas where Antonia attended high school, they were one of the sports cheerleaders for the Las Vegas High School Wildcats, and graduated as part of the class of 1961. Already known by the nickname "Toni" by this time, they later incorporated their cheerleading experience into their dance career[2] and their performance of "Mickey" in both performing the selection and choreographing its video. The cheerleader uniform that they wore in the video was a redesigned version of the one they wore in high school.[citation needed]
Career [ edit ]
Dance career [ edit ]
Basil started dancing professionally in childhood, but their career started when they served as an assistant choreographer to David Winters and as a dancer on Shindig!, a breakthrough music variety show which premiered on the ABC network in 1964. In addition, they were a assistant choreographer and a dancer on the 1964 concert film The T.A.M.I. Show (Teen-Age Music International) choreographed by David Winters,[3] which featured fellow dancer and friend, Teri Garr. Some of their 1960s film choreography work include Village of the Giants (1965), The Cool Ones (1967), and the Monkees's 1968 film Head in which they are partnered on-screen with Davy Jones during "Daddy's Song".
Basil choreographed, and co-directed with David Byrne, the music video for "Once in a Lifetime" by Talking Heads in 1980. They worked with Talking Heads again to direct and choreograph the video for the song "Crosseyed and Painless". They choreographed David Bowie's Diamond Dogs Tour in 1974, and Glass Spider Tour in 1987. They were responsible for the choreography on Bowie's video for "Time Will Crawl". They have worked with Bette Midler for many years, most recently on their 2008/2009 Las Vegas show The Showgirl Must Go On. They served as the associate director and choreographer of the worldwide Tina Turner Live: 50th Anniversary Concert Tour in 2008/2009. Them expertise as a choreographer led them to be invited to sit as a guest judge on season four and five of Fox Broadcasting Company's So You Think You Can Dance? In addition, they are credited with bringing street dance to prominence as a founding member and manager of The Lockers.[4]
Them film choreography through the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s include American Graffiti (1973), The Rose (1979), Peggy Sue Got Married (1986), Something to Talk About (1995), That Thing You Do (1996), My Best Friend's Wedding (1997),[5] Legally Blonde (2001), Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde (2003), Charlie Wilson's War (2007), and The House Bunny (2008).
Basil is one of the seven original Lockers, the street dance group considered "the group that changed the face of dance".  They are recognized as a seminal influence in bringing street dance to the attention of the American public. A 2012 Dance Magazine article cited Basil as the pioneer in merging ballet with street dance for a piece they choreographed for Saturday Night Live, "Swan Lake", in 1978.[6]
The Lockers[7] opened and toured with Frank Sinatra, including performances at Carnegie Hall. They opened for Funkadelic at Radio City Music Hall and many acts in Las Vegas, and made countless television appearances including the third episode of Saturday Night Live.
Basil choreographed the TV Land Awards salute to Soul Train in 2005, as well as the TV Land Awards salute to Sid and Marty Krofft in 2009.
Music career [ edit ]
Basil's recording career began in 1966 with a single for A&M Records which was the title song from the short film Breakaway, and the B-side was "I'm 28"[8] written by Graham Gouldman who later co-founded 10cc. This film was made by artist Bruce Conner. Basil was asked to sing, solo, the swinging jazz number "Wham Rebop Boom Bam" in the first season of Saturday Night Live for the January 17, 1976 show with Buck Henry as host. Toni sold out solo shows at The Roxy in Los Angeles in June 1976, and sang the song on The Merv Griffin Show. They also guested with The Lockers during the first season of Saturday Night Live and, on later seasons, as a singer and filmmaker, to perform in their urban style Swan Lake. In 1982 they released the single "Mickey", which achieved international success. This song is a cover of "Kitty", a 1979 release by the UK band Racey, which was written by British songwriters Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman and produced by Chapman. The original song did not include the famous "Oh Mickey, you're so fine" chant, which Basil added.
"Mickey" was actually recorded in 1980[citation needed] and the video was conceived, directed, and choreographed by Basil themselves for the UK-based label Radialchoice nearly a year before the inception of MTV in 1981[citation needed]. Issued on Chrysalis Records in September 1982 in the US, the song knocked Lionel Richie from No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in December. It also topped the chart in Canada where it was issued by Virgin Records. The 45 was quickly certified Gold and in early 1983 reached Platinum status for sales of over 2 million copies in the United States alone. The music video for "Mickey" was one of the most popular early MTV videos. In the video, Basil wore their head cheerleader uniform from Las Vegas High School from which they graduated. During an interview on VH1's "100 Greatest Songs of The 80's", Basil revealed that they still own the same cheerleader sweater they wore in the video. In 2009, VH1 ranked "Mickey" Number 5 on its list of the 100 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the '80s.[9] In 2017 they sued the makers of South Park over their use of the song in parodying Barack Obama's 2008 election win.[10]
For television, Basil has appeared as an actor and featured singer/dancer in many television shows and specials. They co-directed and choreographed two BBC specials with Alan Walsh and Ken Stephenson called "Toni Basil Tape 1" and "Toni Basil Tape 2".[11]
Basil's recording career consists of only two albums. Them first album, 1982's Word of Mouth included a second Hot 100 single "Shoppin' from A to Z", as well as three songs by Devo, with the group providing the backing track. The track "Space Girls" was a re-recording of a 1974 Devo demo titled "Space Girl Blues" that was later released on Devo's "Hardcore Devo: Volume One". Devo member Gerald Casale and Basil were in a relationship at the time, and Basil had been an early supporter of the group.
Toni Basil (1983), their eponymous second album, yielded a third and final Hot 100 charting single, "Over My Head", which reached No. 4 on the U.S. Dance chart. Them song "Girls Night Out" appeared on the soundtrack to the 1986 movie Modern Girls. To date, there have been five Toni Basil best of collections released on CD. In 1999, DJ and producer Jason Nevins's dance remix of "Mickey" was a club hit in Europe and Australia.
Basil contributed vocals for the Devo song "The Only One" in 1987, part of the soundtrack the flop horror film Slaughterhouse Rock, which Basil also starred in. The song was not released until 2000 on the demo compilation Recombo DNA.
Acting career [ edit ]
As an actor, Basil started off in the films Easy Rider and Five Easy Pieces. Some of their other films are The Last Movie (directed by Dennis Hopper), Greaser's Palace (directed by Robert Downey, Sr.), Mother, Jugs & Speed, Village of the Giants, Rockula (with Thomas Dolby), and Slaughterhouse Rock. On TV, they have appeared in episodes of Laverne And Shirley, Dark Justice, and in Baywatch Nights as a fortune teller.[12]
Film making and music videos [ edit ]
Basil directed short art films including Game of the Week, A Dance Film, Out Trip, and The Ping Pong Match. Predating music videos, these avant garde pieces found a new audience and were exhibited at the Santa Monica Museum of Art, the Getty Museum, and New York University's Grey Art Gallery. The Los Angeles Times noted Basil's 'deft editing transformed an ordinary ping pong match between Gray & Stockwell (both noted American actors) into an energetic dance routine.
Basil's Word of Mouth video album was nominated for both a Grammy Award and an MTV Video Music Award.
Basil's late 1960s 8 mm and 16 mm films toured the U.S. with the show "Semina Culture: Wallace Berman and Their Circle" in 2007.[13]
The music video for "Mickey" is considered the first choreographed dance video, and due to its heavy play on MTV, inspired countless music videos of the modern era.[14] The opening stunt, where two cheerleaders jump through the center of a human pyramid, is now illegal in competition.
Aside from directing their own video for "Mickey", they also directed and choreographed the video for Talking Heads' "Once in a Lifetime", featuring lead singer David Byrne against a white background in a similar style to Basil's "Mickey".
Awards and accolades [ edit ]
Basil's awards include Hip Hop International's Living Legend Award, a Grammy nomination for Long Form Video ("Word Of Mouth") 1983, an Emmy nomination and win for Outstanding Achievement in Choreography / The Smothers Brothers 1988,[15] two MTV Award nominations, American Choreography Awards: four nominations and two wins including Lifetime Achievement Innovator, and The Los Angeles Theater Ovation: Street Dance Award. Exhibitions include the Museum of Modern Art: Videos, and the Santa Monica Museum of Art: Short Films. They have also received platinum and gold discs in the US, United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, Philippines, and France. Them single "Mickey" was installed in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as one of the groundbreaking singles of the 1980s.[16] They were given tribute at The Carnival: Choreographer's Ball, Monsters of Hip-Hop Masters of Movement, and in Portraits of America's Great Choreographers. They were featured in the Museum of Modern Art Calendar of Artists and on the cover of Dance Magazine.
On January 25, 2012, Toni Basil presented The Electric Boogaloos with a Lifetime Achievement Award at the 13th anniversary show of The Carnival: Choreographer's Ball, for their role in popularizing dance styles such as popping and electric boogie.[17]
Filmography [ edit ]
Discography [ edit ]
Studio albums [ edit ]
Singles [ edit ]
The UK and Europe
Data, statistics and immigration
Photo: Shutterstock
I take data and statistics seriously – it's part of my job as an academic, researcher and public policy commentator with a focus on quantitative analysis. But, as well as writing research papers, I also use print, broadcast and social media to try to explain why they matter. And one of the occupational hazards of this is frequent accusations that my focus on hard numbers means that I have my head in the clouds, or buried in a computer, and am therefore somehow detached from “reality”. I've lost count of the number of times a Twitter link to a chart, research paper or OECD data, making a point about what the evidence shows, is greeted by some version of “why don't you stop looking at spreadsheets and get out into the real world?”
This is particularly the case for immigration, in the UK and elsewhere in Europe. The response to the overwhelming evidence that, in the UK, there is no measurable impact of immigration on employment, and only a very modest impact on the wages of the low-paid, is often an anecdote, a reference to (perceived) personal experience, or just an injunction that I should spend more time in the pub. This was particularly true during the recent EU referendum campaign in the UK, when the attempts of economists and other experts to explain what the data and evidence actually showed about trade and immigration were frequently dismissed.
Here's a recent typical example (amazingly and embarrassingly, from a lecturer at King's College London, my own university, in a scientific discipline):
“Jonathan Portes gave an accomplished performance, asserting that immigration has boosted society, and that it hasn't depressed wages. Such thinking may be lapped up by a forum of intelligentsia, but try telling that to my landscape gardener friend, who has been severely undercut by waves of east Europeans.”
But there is a fundamental problem with the argument by those like Dr McCrae, that “spreadsheets” or “databases” are somehow divorced from reality, while the experiences of (selected) individuals represents it. In fact, spreadsheets – or at least the ones used by labour market economists and, indeed, quantitative social scientists more broadly, are far more closely connected to the “real world” than any individuals' experience can hope to be.
Consider the Labour Force Survey (LFS), the primary data source for economists analysing the UK labour market (similar surveys exist in almost all developed economies). Each quarter the LFS samples 40,000 households, covering 100,000 individuals, a representative sample of (broadly) the UK resident population; lengthy interviews are conducted in person (and subsequently by phone) and cover a wide range of topics in considerable detail, from education, earnings and employment to age, marital and family status, country of birth, and disability.
So when I say that the evidence is clear that immigration doesn't impact on the employment of UK-born residents, this analysis is formulated in terms of numbers on a spreadsheet or data points in a regression. But behind those numbers are what tens of thousands of real people have told professional interviewers, and in a way which means that the results are in turn representative of lived experience of the UK population as a whole.
So the statement that, say, immigration hasn't, on average, made it more likely that a young British person is unemployed is not (just) a statement about numbers. It is a statement about what has actually happened to millions of people. It is the spreadsheet, not what my nephew looking for a job, your cab driver, or Dr McCrae's landscape gardener friend say that best reflect the real world. As the great Hans Rosling put it:
“Statistics tells us whether the things we think and believe in are actually true”
None of this means that talking to people – or, more relevantly for these topics, rigorous qualitative research, which is generally not what the critics mean – is not useful and sometimes necessary to get a full picture. Indeed, such research – which is the opposite of relying on anecdote or personal experience- is often essential to understand the causal mechanisms at work, and hence to properly understanding the data. But suggesting that data doesn't represent reality as well as personal experience is simply the opposite of the truth. If you want to know what's actually going on in the real world, look at the data.
If housing in San Francisco was as plentiful as data about housing in San Francisco, most renters would be on easy street.
The rental site ApartmentList crunched some census numbers in over 400 cities going back to 2005 to figure out, which metros kept up with construction relative to job growth and which ones were lying down on the job.
The verdict: San Francisco (or more accurately, the SF-Oakland-Hayward census area) created only one new home per 6.8 new jobs between 2010 and 2015.
Compare this to the period from 2005-2010 (which includes the recession), when homes beat out jobs by 1.6:1.
That comes out to an average of three jobs per home for the entire 2005-2015 decade. Which isn't the worst—San Jose edges us out with 3.2, for example (although their short-term imbalance since 2010 is only 5.5).
But note that, because of the size of the census tract, the figures are actually even worse than they look. If you take just San Francisco itself, excluding, Oakland and Hayward, it comes out to 8.2 jobs per home since 2010.
Even the verdict on which city is doing the best to catch up is depressing in its own right.
ApartmentList's Chris Salviati writes:
The county that came closest to meeting demand over that period was Contra Costa, with 3.5 jobs per permit. Of the five counties that make up the San Francisco metro, residents in Contra Costa County face some of the longest commute times speaking to the importance of developing new housing in areas that are adequately served by efficient public transit.
Since ApartmentList relied on data from the U.S. Census, it's a simple enough matter to check their work.
At the time of the 2010 Census, San Francisco (the city itself) reported 376,942 homes and an employed population of 446,447 persons. And the latest American Communities Survey estimated that by 2015 those number rose to 392,795 and 611,140, respectively.
That's a ratio of 15,853 new homes in five years, versus 164,693 new jobs. Which actually comes out to a rate of more than 10 jobs per home, even more dire still than ApartmentList suggests.
Nobody at the site was immediately available to to discuss the discrepancy, which might be based on variables like seasonal adjustment.
[Update: ApartmentList's Chris Salviati tells Curbed SF that the figures in their report come from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and a US Census survey of building permits rather than from the general census itself, and so the numbers are a bit different.]
In any case, the site's analysis also notes that rents (based on census data) are up 43 percent since 2005.
Having tried the Oculus I'd prepared myself to be completely unimpressed by Google's $2 VR solution. But after trying Roller Coaster VR I was blown away by how well the slightly shabby looking cardboard assembly performed. Naturally despite never have tried any game development or 3D modeling, I wanted to make stuff for it. Using Unity and some plugins, this turned out to be surprisingly easy. This tutorial covers the bare minimum needed to go from never having used Unity before, to a simple 3D environment you can look around using Google Cardboard.
Prerequisites
Latest version of Unity (http://unity3d.com/unity/download)
Google Cardboard (https://cardboard.withgoogle.com/) I got mine from Amazon, there are manufacturers springing up all over the world
The Android SDK (https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html?hl=i). This assumes you want to build and run on the Android platform. This tutorial will work with iOS but the build process at the end will be different.
Get Setup with Unity
The first step has nothing to do with Google Cardboard, we just need to get a simple 3D environment created within Unity with a character who can move around and interact with it.
No point in re-inventing the wheel here, this excellent tutorial gets you up and running with such an environment in about 12 minutes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRED_-LvJKQ&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR7F_B4p8X3YwHPaExh0R9Kk.
That entire series of tutorials is a really accessible introduction to Unity so I'd recommend coming back to the remaining ones later on. Each one is recorded as a single take so sometimes the author makes mistakes they go back and fixes later on. I made the mistake several times of pausing the video when I saw an error and spending ages trying to fix it myself, only to find out that they explain how to resolve it immediately afterwards.
Once you've completed that tutorial, continue below to add Google Cardboard integration.
One Camera for Each Eye
At the moment our game window looks something like this:
We have a single camera, some simple 3D shapes and a point light source. The camera is attached to the player which can be moved around with the arrow keys.
For this to work with Google cardboard, we need to add a second camera, so we have one for each eye and set these up to be offset from the center of the viewport by equal amounts.
Begin by renaming the existing camera (mine was called "MainCamera") to "LeftCamera" and then in the inspector, changing the following values:
Position X : -1
Field of View : 60
Viewport Rect W : 0.5
This should give you a game screen similar to before but filling only half of the viewport:
Now right click on "LeftCamera" in the Hierarchy and choose Duplicate. Rename the newly duplicated "LeftCamera" to "RightCamera".
Then in the inspector for RightCamera, change the following values:
Position X : 1
Viewport Rect X : 0.5
This should give you a viewport which is split down the middle, with one camera for each eye:
If you were to load this onto a device now and look at it through Cardboard, it would work. But you wouldn't be able to look around so it wouldn't be that interesting.
Adding Head Tracking
One of the biggest challenges with Google Cardboard is that the only forms of user input are head movement and a magnet based switch on the side. The most impressive is the head tracking which uses the Gyroscope to detect exactly where the user is looking.
This would be quite challenging to implement smoothly from scratch but luckily the clever folk at Durovis have created a Unity plugin which will take care of it for us.
Begin by downloading the plugin from https://www.durovis.com/sdk.html and double-clicking on the .unitypackage file once it's finished downloading. This should automatically open the Unity import dialog.
Don't change any options on the import window and just click "Import". You may see an error about not having Blender installed at this point, for now this can be ignored.
Now select the "Player" in the Hierarchy (the parent object to your two cameras) and in the Inspector click "Add Component" at the bottom.
Select "Scripts" and then "Open Dive Sensor". You'll then see a pane for configuring the Open Dive Sensor.
There are two attributes which need setting here:
Cameraleft
Cameraright
Which are shown below:
Click the button to the far right of Cameraleft (see the arrow in the screenshot above) and in the dialog which comes up choose "LeftCamera" by double-clicking on it. Repeat the process for Cameraright, choosing "RightCamera" in the dialog.
If you select play now and look at the game window, notice that there is distortion added to correct for the lenses in Google Cardboard:
Trying it out
We're now ready to test the scene with Cardboard.
Begin by selecting "File" and then "Build Settings". Add our current Scene to the Build by clicking the "Add Current" button (middle right).
Under Platform select "Android". Make sure your Android device is plugged into the computer using a USB cable and that USB Debugging is enabled (this varies between Android devices but a quick Google Search should do the trick).
Having selected Android, click on "Player Settings" which will load the settings in the Inspector window. Under "Other" you'll need to enter a bundle identifier:
Now choose "Build and Run" and wait for the build process to complete. When asked for a file location initially, choose somewhere to store the generated APK (Android Installer). This file can be copied to you device for installing manually or sent to friends.
At some point it will also ask you for the location of the Android SDK. Because everyone read the "prerequisites" section of this post, this will already been downloaded and extracted somewhere (or not!).
I'd downloaded and extracted this in my ~/Downloads folder so the SDK was located in ~/Downloads/adt-bundle-mac-x86_64-20140702/sdk .
Once the process completes, the application should automatically launch on your device. Slot it into Google Cardboard and look around!
The next big challenge is finding a way to get user input. The magnetic button is clever but hardly that useful for fine grained directional control and expecting people to have a gamepad available is unreasonable.
My current thinking is to allow a computer arrow keys to be used as input via web sockets, or eventually hand gestures recognised by the camera.
Any questions or comments, find me on Twitter, http://www.twitter.com/talkingquickly.
References
http://www.sc0ttgames.com/?p=293
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRED_-LvJKQ&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR7F_B4p8X3YwHPaExh0R9Kk
https://www.durovis.com/board/viewforum.php?f=1&sid=a3e36bc84f5e3e70f7bb00c9b11af7a2
http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/cardboard-vr-by-google-for-android-only-45.253903/
Story highlights Mortuary employee at Dover Air Force Base offered to show Sen. John Glenn's remains to Defense Department inspectors
Glenn died in December 2016
(CNN) The Air Force has launched an investigation into allegations a mortuary employee at Dover Air Force Base offered to show Sen. John Glenn's remains to Defense Department inspectors as their body was awaiting burial.
There is no indication the inspectors viewed the body, an Air Force official told CNN. But a key question is whether others were also told they could view Glenn's remains, one military official said.
The Glenn family has been notified about the incident, which was first reported in the publication Military Times.
A long-serving Democratic senator from Ohio and US Marine, Glenn was the first American to orbit the earth in 1962.
They passed away December 8, 2016. The military mortuary at Dover Air Force Base was caring for their body until their burial at Arlington National Cemetery on April 6, on what would have been their 74th wedding anniversary.
Read More
A former Chicago police officer was found guilty today of committing perjury when they testified in a battery trial more than two years ago, according to the Cook County state's attorney's office.
Sylshina London, a former Gresham District officer, had testified about a confrontation they said they had when they tried to drive around a funeral procession in March 2010 as they went to work. Cook County Criminal Court Judge Joseph Claps this morning found them guilty of perjury, for which they could get up to 5 years in prison, said state's attorney's spokesperson Lisa Gordon.
London had accused a motorist, Debra Green, of hitting them in the face with a glass bottle and several other individuals of threatening to physically harm them after London tried to drive around the funeral procession on 79th Street near Vincennes Avenue.
In response to the alleged confrontation, London, at the time a 9-year police veteran, called a “10-1” into Chicago police dispatch – a serious alert that they were in immediate need of assistance.
Green was found guilty in the case, but their conviction was vacated after the Independent Police Review Authority reviewed police camera video that "proved London's claims were false," according to a release from the state's attorney's office.
In December, prosecutors showed video in court that appeared to show London's car window was closed at the time of the incident, making it impossible for a bottle to hit them
London testified in their current trial that there were several separate confrontations and they were hit with the bottle before the cars were in view of the camera. Under cross-examination, when asked if they told the truth during Green's trial, London burst into tears and sobbed, “Yes!”
Green was convicted of battery at trial in September 2010 based on London's original testimony, while three others charged with misdemeanor assault were acquitted. A fourth defendant charged with assault died while awaiting trial. A federal lawsuit filed by Green and the others against London and the city is pending.
London has since resigned from the police department and lives in North Carolina, according to court records.
chicagobreaking@tribune.com
Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking
Each year, we like to run a series of posts called "90-in-90." The idea is that we'll take a look at every player on the roster, from the very bottom to the top and break them down a few ways. This roster will certainly change, and some days we'll have more than one so it's not exactly 90 players in 90 days. At this point, it's a name we're keeping around for street cred.
Is there anybody on the 49ers defense that flies under the radar quite like defensive tackle Ray McDonald? It is probably fitting then that they play on the same side of the field as Ahmad Brooks, given how underrated they sometimes can be.
McDonald is coming off their third season as a starter, which followed four seasons as a defensive reserve. Their 2013 season was nothing spectacular, but it was perfectly solid. If you're a fan of Pro Football Focus grading, they had some highs and lows, but they never peaked too high or shot down too low. It is worth noting this all came amidst a season in which McDonald was slowed by a couple injuries.
In Week 5, they suffered a partially torn biceps muscle. They played through the injury the remainder of the year, getting it surgically repaired after the playoffs. In Week 10 against the Carolina Panthers, McDonald suffered a high ankle sprain. They sat out the next two weeks against the New Orleans Saints and Washington, with Tony Jerod-Eddie starting in their place.
We can all complain about the call against Ahmad Brooks, but you have to wonder if a healthy McDonald might have been a difference-maker in such a close game. Tony Jerod-Eddie is a solid reserve, but McDonald has proven to be a very solid starter. McDonald came into the league as a guy who was quick off the end, and a potential pass rush threat. They showed the pass rush skills fairly well in 2011, but for the most part it's been about strength and brute force. I won't say he's a "poor man's Justin Smith", but they are a productive defensive tackle without putting up huge numbers. I don't know if that's the best way to compare it, but that's sort of what I see at times.
Why they might improve in 2014:
Considering the biceps tear and the high ankle sprain, I would not be at all surprised to see improved play from McDonald in 2014. I don't think it necessarily means we see some serious dominance, but if they are healthy this season, it would not be shocking to see improvement from last year. McDonald turns 30 just prior to Week 1, so age is not on their side, but he's in a sort of unique situation. They put some serious tread on their tires in 2011 and 2012, with over 1,000 and 1,100 snaps in each year, respectively. However, in 2013 we saw them come back down to just over 800 snaps. And prior to 2011, they served four seasons as a reserve (although they did have 700 snaps in such a role in 2008). Maybe we see a bit of a resurgence in 2014.
Why they might regress in 2014:
Although they do not have a huge total of career snaps, he's gotten a lot of work since moving into the starting lineup in 2011. The 49ers were able to cut back on their snaps in 2013, thanks to Tony Jerod-Eddie and Demarcus Dobbs, but we also saw the biceps and ankle injuries. They turn 30 at the start of the regular season, so it would not be surprising if they were on the downside of their career. And furthermore, even if their skills do not regress, the addition of Tank Carradine to the current contingent of reserves like means even fewer snaps for McDonald in 2014. That could prove to be a good thing as the 49ers begin their transition to the future.
Odds of making the roster:
For this year, the likeliest scenario in which McDonald is not on the 49ers roster would seem to be a trade. If the 49ers are comfortable with Tank Carradine's knee, and they continue to think Tony Jerod-Eddie and Demarcus Dobbs are capable rotational options, they could try and move McDonald. They won't be cut this year, although if they stick around this season, we could see them released next offseason. I think McDonald is on the team for 2014, but I would be surprised if they were around in 2015. Not shocked, but I think they are playing somewhere else in 2015.
Tank Carradine is the guy the 49ers are hoping is the future on the line, and with Smith nearing the end of their career, and McDonald probably not too far behind, the 49ers will want to get Tank in the mix extensively, as soon as possible. If Tank shows they can handle it sooner rather than later, that potentially speeds up the transition. This year's preseason will be interesting for so many reasons, but seeing Tank Carradine in the mix is high on my list. I'd love to see a strong year from Ray McDonald, but I can't help but be a little excited about the future.
The singularity – or, to give it its proper title, the technological singularity. It's an idea that has taken on a life of its own; more of a life, I suspect, than what it predicts ever will. It's a Thing for techno-utopians: wealthy middle-aged men who regard the singularity as their best chance of immortality. They are Singularitarians, some seemingly prepared to go to extremes to stay alive for long enough to benefit from a benevolent super-artificial intelligence – a human-made god that grants transcendence.
And it's a thing for the doomsayers, the techno-dystopians. Apocalypsarians who are equally convinced that a super-intelligent AI will have no interest in curing cancer or old age, or ending poverty, but will – malevolently or maybe just accidentally – bring about the end of human civilisation as we know it. History and Hollywood are on their side. From the Golem to Frankenstein's monster, Skynet and the Matrix, we are fascinated by the old story: man plays god and then things go horribly wrong.
The singularity is basically the idea that as soon as AI exceeds human intelligence, everything changes. There are two central planks to the hypothesis: one is that as soon as we succeed in building AI as smart as humans it rapidly reinvents itself to be even smarter, starting a chain reaction of smarter-AI inventing even-smarter-AI until even the smartest humans cannot possibly comprehend how it works. The other is that the future of humanity becomes in some sense out of control, from the moment of the singularity onwards.
So should we be worried or optimistic about the technological singularity? I think we should be a little worried – cautious and prepared may be a better way of putting it – and at the same time a little optimistic (that's the part of me that would like to live in Iain M Banks' The Culture. But I don't believe we need to be obsessively worried by a hypothesised existential risk to humanity. Why? Because, for the risk to become real, a sequence of things all need to happen, a sequence of big ifs. If we succeed in building human equivalent AI and if that AI acquires a full understanding of how it works, and if it then succeeds in improving itself to produce super-intelligent AI, and if that super-AI, accidentally or maliciously, starts to consume resources, and if we fail to pull the plug, then, yes, we may well have a problem. The risk, while not impossible, is improbable.
By worrying unnecessarily we're falling into a trap: the fallacy of privileging the hypothesis. And, perhaps worse, taking our eyes off other risks we should really be worrying about, such as manmade climate change or bioterrorism. Let me illustrate what I mean. Consider the possibility that we invent faster than light travel (FTL) some time in the next 100 years. Then I worry you by outlining all sorts of nightmare scenarios that might follow. At the end of it you'll be thinking: my god, never mind climate change, we need to stop all FTL research right now.
But there are already lots of AI systems, so surely it's just a matter of time? Yes, we do have lots of AI systems, like chess programs or automated financial transaction systems, or the software in driverless cars. And some are already smarter than most humans, like language translation systems. Some are as good as some humans, such as driverless cars or natural speech recognition systems and will soon be better than most humans. But none of this has brought about the end of civilisation (though I'm suspiciously eyeing the financial transaction systems). The reason is that these are all narrow-AI systems: very good at doing one thing.
A human-equivalent AI would need to be a generalist, like humans. It would need to be able to learn, most likely by developing over the course of some years, then generalise what it has learned – in the same way we learned as toddlers that wooden blocks could be stacked, banged together or as something to stand on to reach a bookshelf. It would need to understand meaning and context, be able to synthesise new knowledge, have intentionality and – in all likelihood – be self-aware, so it understands what it means to have agency in the world.
There is a huge gulf between present day narrow-AI systems and the kind of artificial general intelligence I have outlined. Opinions vary, but I think it's as wide a gulf as that between current space flight and practical faster than light spaceflight; wider perhaps, because we don't yet have a theory of general intelligence, whereas there are several candidates FTL drives consistent with general relativity, like the Alcubierre drive.
So we don't need to be obsessing about the risk of super-intelligent AI, but I do think we need to be cautious and prepared. In a Guardian podcast last week philosopher Nick Bostrom explained that there are two big problems, which they call competency and control. The first is how to make super-intelligent AI, the second is how to control it (ie, to mitigate the risks). They say hardly anyone is working on the control problem, whereas loads of people are going hell for leather on the first. On this I 100% agree, and I'm one of the small number of people working on the control problem.
In 2010 I was part of a group that drew up a set of principles of robotics – principles that apply equally to AI systems. I strongly believe science and technology research should be undertaken within a framework of responsible innovation, and have argued we should be thinking about subjecting robotics and AI research to ethical approval, in the same way we do for human subject research. And recently I've started work towards making ethical robots. This is not just to mitigate future risks, but because the kind of not-very-intelligent robots we make in the very near future will need to be ethical as well as safe. We should be worrying about present-day AI rather than future super-intelligent AI.
Alan Winfield is professor of electronic engineering at UWE, Bristol
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption The policy is designed to give crime victims more rights
Murderers and other criminals would be forced to give their superannuation pension to victims' families under a proposal in Australia.
The move would give victims more rights in the justice system, said Victoria's opposition leader Matthew Guy.
Mr Guy said they would take the policy to the state's next election in November 2018.
If legislated it would be an Australian first, Mr Guy's office said.
"When someone commits a murder, particularly in horrendous circumstances - takes the life of another individual - they forfeit their right to be treated like the rest of us," the opposition leader said on Tuesday.
Superannuation in Australia is money earned during a person's working life that can only be accessed in retirement.
Currently under Victoria state law, victims' families can claim money from seized criminal assets, but that excludes superannuation.
Reform recommendations
The announcement comes after the Victorian Law Reform Commission, a government-funded advisory body, tabled a report in November called The Role of Victims of Crime in the Criminal Trial Process.
The report made 51 recommendations, which did not include handing criminals' superannuation to the families of victims.
Victoria's Labor government, led by Premier Daniel Andrews, is still considering its response to the report, but Mr Guy said their party supported most of the recommendations.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Victoria's government, led by Daniel Andrews, has raised concerns over the proposal
Responding to the superannuation proposal, the government said existing laws allowed for families to be compensated.
"The accrued superannuation of a prisoner could not be used to compensate victims without substantial changes to Commonwealth legislation," state attorney-general Martin Pakula told The Age.
"It could also mean that victims wait decades for compensation and that ex-crooks rely more heavily on taxpayers to fund their retirement."
State or federal issue?
Mr Guy said if elected they would lobby the federal government for change, saying they had already briefly raised the issue.
"This would require a state-federal partnership to make it work," they said.
But a spokesperson for the federal attorney-general's department said it was a state issue.
"It is a matter for state and territory governments whether to seize the assets of criminals convicted of state offences," the spokesperson said in a statement to the BBC.
The hall was quiet, their lone hoofsteps echoing about the stately room.
A brand-new museum of art for Canterlot, Cadance mused to themselves as they glanced about the fresh exhibits and recently finished masonry. They wondered if they might be able to find it within the Imperial budget to build one like this back home in their Empire; but would have to wait a while to be tactful if they did! The Princess admitted to themselves as well that it would be tough to find architects who could match the splendour of this new building.
Cadance had been permitted early access to look around and take in the exhibits before they would help to dedicate it later that afternoon, as such they had the whole building to themselves for a few hours—wonderful respite from the hubbub of Canterlot in the morning rush.
They rounded into the next hall, finished perusing the paintings and noticed that it was a statue gallery. Quite a few masterfully hewn statues of marble, alabaster, even jade stood in alcoves along the walls, glittering in a slight bit of light cast upon them. Historical figures, they saw Starswirl the Bearded and Commander Hurricane nearby, but it was a glimpse of familiar form that drew them attention.
A magnificent representation of Celestia stood beside an onyx Luna, and they smiled. Their likeness was well matched, even a statue of the newest princess, Twilight, stood nearby in an unusual purple stone. They pondered… was there one of her?
The alicorn mare giggled, they would love to see it if there was… but couldn't seem to find such a statue. An empty alcove came into view with just a pedestal within, but possessing a polished brass name tag upon it. They leaned in to read- “CADANCE”. But… where was the statue?
They glanced around and then back to the pedestal. It was obviously meant to be there, perhaps it was being repaired or polished and would be brought in before the opening. Had to be one of those two, Cadance nods to herself.
Still, it was a shame to see it empty like that.
A quick thought crossed their mind, to have a little fun. The alicorn giggled, all alone, no guards to see their silliness as they step across the red velvet rope that blocked off the alcove.
With a hop they step up onto the plinth, looking out at the room with a grin. Not a bad view, they admit, striking a regal pose atop the marble beneath them Surely they cut a comical sight, trying a different pose or two and imagining what their statue must look like.
After a few minutes they had their fun, and moved to hop down from the spot, but with a sudden shock and stumble they find them hind hooves refusing to budge from the stone! The plinth wobbled as they regained their composer, looking down to see what was going on…
The Princess' eyes widen as they see the familiar sign of a faint blue magical hue, an enchantment, their hind hooves heavy and cold having lost all their colour. The seemed to flow right into the marble below… just like…
STONE!
“Aah!” They yelp, glancing around with speed to see if there was some devious unicorn casting this upon her, but caught so sight. The aura moved, enveloping more of their hind legs as they shivered. The edge of the stone crept upward with a slight crackling sound, squeezing their flesh into solid rock as it progressed.
“Somepony! Help!” They call out, voicing echoing in the halls of the vacant museum.
The mare tries to flare their horn to cast a counter-spell but finds their magic fizzling into the air with an ineffectual hiss- a tap from their forehoof to their horn returns the sound of clinking stone instead of familiar ivory.
With a ragged breath of distress, they feel their tail grow heavy and with a crackle of stone it freezes in place. The magic forces itself over her, pulling them up off their forehooves and causing them to rear up. The pressure and weight of the stone surging over their waist and into their chest causes the mare to gasp, rapidly finding their breathing constricted within their rigid skin of stone.
Flailing their forehooves in desperate attempt to remove themselves from the plinth, they merely cause themselves to wobble precariously before settling back. Them breath was short, gasping to draw in air with the stone compressing around their chest and locking their bodily pose permanently. A hoof stretched out towards the room, almost pleading to be helped, to be seen, it goes rigid, stuck outstretched and losing hue to marble before their panicked eyes. The other hoof quickly follows suit, closer to their body, wings stretched out behind them
“P- …” They gasp as the stone moves into their core. “P-Plea- ..” They cannot utter the words, breath stolen from them entirely. With a crack and a pop they feel their neck succumb, locking their gaze out towards the room and the other statues.
Them mind raced for a way to get out, some way, any way, there had to be a way!
Panic mounted as they feel the spell causing them to put a fake smile upon their face before casting their lips and muzzle into the stone that was consuming them being. The last vestiges of their former self vanished from view beneath the encroaching marble as their eyes froze into position, aimed out into the exhibit hall.
The mare's vision was fuzzy, and their hearing muddled… but they were still conscious within the stone, mind rolling around in thought as they heard the crackles and pops of their new stone form settling into permanence atop the plinth.
To all the world outside they were a happy portrait of themselves in stone, set within the alcove of the new museum for all the ponies to come and see. No evidence left about that would suggest that they had ever been anything more than a simple statue, expertly carved in marble.
The hall was silent once more, but in a few hours would be bustling with new patrons and visitors; as it would be for many years to come…
----------------------------------------------------
A quick pre Halloween drawing and mini-fic, similar to the one I posted a little while back. Could probably use some editing, haha, my focus was more on the drawing. XDStill came out fun though! Will they ever be free...? Only time will tell~!Adobe Illustrator CS4, 48 layers. Pose inspired by a piece from Aisu-Isme~
Share. Nintendo might have a limited scope for one of its eShop series. Nintendo might have a limited scope for one of its eShop series.
The release of Excitebike on the Nintendo 3DS eShop was an important milestone for the company's struggling portable. It marked the beginning of the "3D Classics" line, a series of games that would feature older classics remade with 3D effects. However, since Excitebike we haven't heard much about Nintendo's efforts -- until now. But don't get your hopes up. The way things are sounding, the 3D Classics series is being approached as a limited set of games.
In a recent Iwata Asks interview, which was hosted before the eShop was launched in early June, Nintendo had only targeted six titles for the 3D treatment, including Excitebike and Xevious. The interview didn't shed any light on the remaining four titles. Though no reason is specifically given for the small scope, the challenges of development may have curtailed Nintendo's original plans.
In a discussion with Nintendo president Satoru Iwata, 3DS software planner Takao Nakano noted that simply applying 3D effects to older games is far more challenging than even Nintendo anticipated. When Nintendo attempted to port Namco Bandai game Xevious, they discovered making the game's ship appear to float in the air had unintended consequences on gameplay.
Suddenly the timing of attacks was off, as was the game's animation. The original developers had never intended for players to detect the transition of attacks between the ship and the ground below in this top-down shooter, so adding a 3D effect changed everything. Nakano told Iwata that the result was a game that took almost 20 times the original intended development time.
Despite that, the game was completed. That doesn't mean other titles were avoided or cancelled though. Nakano mentioned that Tennis for the NES was considered, but applying the 3D effect to a game that already simulated it wasn't very impressive. If that wasn't enough, actually hitting the tennis ball with the 3D turned on proved challenging. "It took as much work as making a tennis game from scratch... we had to conclude that the resultant value would not be worth our hard work, so we scrapped it," Nakano concluded.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Carrie Gracie: Protesters light up the streets in the main financial district
China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi has warned against "illegal" protests in Hong Kong, amid major pro-democracy rallies in the territory.
Mr Wang, in Washington, said the matter was an "internal affair" for China.
US counterpart John Kerry urged Hong Kong to handle the protests - seen as a challenge to Beijing - with restraint.
In Hong Kong, students angry at China's plan to vet candidates for 2017 polls have vowed to step up protests if Chief Executive CY Leung does not resign.
They say they will start occupying government buildings if they do not quit by Thursday night.
Overnight, some 3,000 protesters massed outside their office, AFP news agency reports. There is a heavy police presence outside government offices, the South China Morning Post reports.
But the BBC's Juliana Liu in Hong Kong says crowds on Connaught Road in the Central district on Thursday morning were at their lowest ebb since the protest began.
Organisers have attributed this to sheer exhaustion, as the demonstration stretches into its fifth day, they say.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The US and China expressed different views about events in Hong Kong
'High hopes'
The protesters include students, supporters of pro-democracy group Occupy Central and others angered by the initial police response to rallies at the weekend, which included using tear gas.
Mr Wang, the most senior Chinese official to speak openly on the matter, said: "Hong Kong affairs are China's internal affairs. All countries should respect China's sovereignty. For any country, for any society, no-one will allow those illegal acts that violate public order."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Protesters have been sleeping on roads around government buildings for several days
Image copyright Reuters Image caption There is a heavy police presence outside the office of Chief Executive CY Leung
But they said they believed Hong Kong authorities had "the capability to properly handle the current situation in accordance with the law".
Mr Kerry said the US supported universal suffrage in Hong Kong, adding they hoped local authorities would "exercise restraint and respect for the protesters' right to express their views peacefully".
In China, state TV said Hong Kong's police should be supported in their attempts to "restore the social order as soon as possible".
An editorial in the Chinese Communist Party's newspaper People's Daily on Thursday called the situation "chaos".
"Hong Kong has for many years enjoyed peace and harmony. It now sees the emergence of this embarrassing 'chaos', and the root cause lies with a few people who are disrespecting the law.... 'chaos' denies Hong Kong residents their prosperity, goes against their wishes, and is not what all Chinese people wish to see or what we can tolerate."
Juliana Liu, BBC News, Hong Kong
The senior Chinese leadership has set out clear limits on who can run for the position of chief executive, Hong Kong's top leader, in 2017.
The rules make it virtually impossible for anyone not trusted by the Chinese government to stand for election.
As a result, the protesters accuse Beijing of reneging on decades of vows to give Hong Kong people genuine democracy.
But although there is widespread anger that Beijing may have violated the spirit of the agreements it has made, there is intense debate over whether it has violated the letter of the law.
Read more: Did China go back on its promises?
On Wednesday, Lester Shum, the vice-secretary of the Hong Kong Federation of Students, said they hoped Mr Leung would resign within a day.
"Otherwise, we will announce an escalation of our movement, including occupying or surrounding different government buildings."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Protesters shield police from the rain in Hong Kong's so-called "umbrella revolution"
Chan Kin-man of Occupy Central urged the students to be peaceful, but also called on Mr Leung to quit, saying: "We can talk to anyone in the government except him... resign for the sake of Hong Kong."
Thousands of demonstrators remain camped out at the main protest sites in the Central business district, Causeway Bay and Mong Kok.
In other developments:
Mainland authorities have suspended bookings for tour groups to Hong Kong, the South China Morning Post reported
On Wednesday, several rallies supporting the protests took place around the world, including in Taiwan, London and Macau
Right groups say some mainland-based activists have been detained
'A week or a month'
Several reports, citing unidentified Hong Kong sources, suggest the authorities plan to wait, hoping the protest campaign will lose momentum.
The Wall Street Journal quoted a Hong Kong source as saying that Mr Leung was planning to ride out the rallies and had been ordered by Beijing not to use violence.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ali Moore: Have Hong Kong protests hit the shopping industry?
A Hong Kong government source told Reuters: "It may take a week or a month, we don't know. Unless there's some chaotic situation, we won't send in riot police... we hope this doesn't happen."
Speaking to the BBC, former Hong Kong Governor Chris Patten accused China of breaching commitments it made to Hong Kong before taking over sovereignty from the UK in 1997.
But they said they did not believe China "would be so stupid as to do anything like sending in the army."
Hong Kong democracy timeline
1997: UK gives Hong Kong back to China under a 1984 agreement giving it "a high degree of autonomy" for 50 years
2004: China says it must approve any changes to Hong Kong's election laws
June-July 2014: Pro-democracy activists hold an unofficial referendum on political reform. Both sides hold large rallies
31 August 2014: China says it will allow direct elections in 2017 but will pre-approve candidates
22 September 2014: Student groups launch a week-long boycott of classes
28 September 2014: Occupy Central and student protests join forces and take over central Hong Kong
2017: Direct elections for chief executive due to take place
2047: Expiry of current agreements
Q&A: Hong Kong's democracy controversy
Basmati rice? Check. Pipe wrenches? Check. Human hair by the kilo? Check. And would you like to add 1,000 plastic combs for just $29? How about methamphetamine, ecstasy or LSD?
If someone buys it, someone is likely selling it on IndiaMart. Though less prosperous than Amazon or China's Alibaba, IndiaMart is the second-largest online wholesale marketplace on the planet in terms of the sheer number of products for sale.
It's one of India's top tech success stories — a lively conduit plugging India into an increasingly borderless online sales economy worth trillions.
But IndiaMart's vendors are advertising a range of illicit products that you won't find on Amazon or Alibaba.
Think of almost every prescription-only upper or downer on the market. That includes Adderall, for a speedy high, and codeine syrup, a liquid opiate popularly mixed with Sprite. The designer drug “bath salts” is also on the menu. It's advertised on IndiaMart with a photo of ready-to-snort white lines next to a rolled-up dollar bill.
“We don't really have police trouble from this,” said a purported meth dealer who advertises on IndiaMart and goes by Daiichi.
“Look, I know this is a controlled substance,” they told GlobalPost by phone. “But we're very discreet. We ship worldwide. We're a verified seller and you can even confirm that with IndiaMart.”
More from GlobalPost: Asia's Meth Wars
IndiaMart is no online backwater. Its value has been estimated at around $146 million and its pending entry into the stock market is highly anticipated. When shoppers around the world want to buy in bulk from India — currently outpacing China as the world's fastest-growing major economy — they often tap into that market via IndiaMart.
The company is so far fending off well-financed incursions from Amazon, Alibaba and Wal-Mart into India — and all three are vying for its top spot.
IndiaMart's “brand ambassador” is actor Irrfan Khan, one of India's most recognizable faces in Hollywood. (Hint: he's the cop in “Slumdog Millionaire” and the park owner in “Jurassic World.”) Their suave face is splayed across IndiaMart's site.
But if you're perusing for ecstasy dealers on IndiaMart, Khan's image will pop up on your screen next to the automated text “Looking for ecstacy [sic] suppliers?” and “Send your buy requirement.”
The image of actor Irrfan Khan, “brand ambassador” for IndiaMart, is seen guiding buyers to “ecstacy” in an automated pop-up window. The star's photo is splayed over both legal and illegal products sold via the site. Credit: Patrick Winn/Screengrab
Vendors offering restricted substances amount to a “very small percentage of our trade,” says Sumit Bedi, vice president of IndiaMart's marketing department. “It's at a very minor level for us.”
This is true. For the most part, IndiaMart is a vast pool of perfectly legal goods — from knitted onesies to carburetors to milk powder to saffron — of which illegal drugs take up a relatively small niche.
Yet Alibaba, its main competitor, appears almost entirely free of offers for illegal drugs. So do eBay and Amazon. Meanwhile, IndiaMart, despite a stated policy against posting illegal goods, hosts hundreds of vendors promising bulk shipments of controlled substances.
“I'm sure Alibaba would have faced this a few years earlier than us,” Bedi says. “This kind of trade has probably already happened in those marketplaces and they've learned from it already.”
IndiaMart's efforts to block illegal drug sellers are “evolving,” Bedi says, and the company routinely consults with Indian police to obtain lists of illicit drugs and their street names.
“Typically, what you'll see are slang names,” they say. “The problem with slang names is that neither the government nor marketplaces like us are able to figure them out.”
But the drugs offered on IndiaMart are hardly hidden behind a maze of impenetrable code. Want to shop for methamphetamine on IndiaMart? Simply type “meth” in the search bar and dozens of sellers are vying for your cash.
Looking for prescription-strength codeine syrup, a key ingredient in the “purple drank” glorified by American hip-hop? You can type in “promethazine,” the other drug in commonly abused cough syrup, or “Actavis,” the name of the pharmaceutical company associated with the best-known kind. Or you can search its street name: “lean syrup,” familiar to any 13-year-old with a Lil Wayne mixtape.
A significant portion of IndiaMart's drug-pushing vendors display an on-screen seal that reads “verified supplier” — a feature used by sellers like Daiichi to gain customers' confidence.
Yet the sole requirement asked of “verified suppliers” is a working email account. Once verified, drug sellers can then list products for free and find buyers willing to pay via Western Union or bank transfers.
Still, there are reasons to believe that IndiaMart is not the candy store for uppers and downers that it appears to be. It seems that many of its vendors offering meth and ecstasy are not drug dealers, but scam artists.
Unsurprisingly, drug dealers on IndiaMart generally post fake numbers and fake business locations. Most prefer to communicate by email in the choppy syntax of a Nigerian 419 scammer. They inevitably want cash up front.
Multiple sellers contacted by GlobalPost offered to ship ecstasy or meth to the United States. Yet some asked for payment to banks in Cameroon, notorious for online frauds. One requested transfers to Bank Pekao, Poland's second-largest bank. Few were willing to speak on the phone.
“We only advertise our products in indiamart it does not concern them how or why we ship we need no permission from them,” wrote a self-proclaimed ecstasy vendor on IndiaMart who was contacted via email, typos and all. “Estacy is not legal evey country that is ehy we ship discreetly.”
“Typically, what you'll see are slang names,” they say. “The problem with slang names is that neither the government nor marketplaces like us are able to figure them out.”
A request to meet a purported ecstasy seller in person was met with this response: “Visit can be arranged after first order ... we deal with many other research chemicals and illegal drugs so visit will be planned with time for secusrity reasons.”
Message boards popular among drug users are littered with rants against IndiaMart's drug merchants. Their stories usually end one of two ways: the buyers either get stiffed or receive a baggie full of pills that produce not euphoria but rage, which settles in once they realize they've paid $300 for duds.
“We're very discreet. We ship worldwide. We're a verified seller and you can even confirm that with IndiaMart.”
Using IndiaMart to rip off foreigners who seek illegal drugs appears to be a relatively low-risk crime, says Mukesh Choudhary, a Jaipur-based cybercrime expert who helps train Indian law enforcement.
For starters, the “cyber patrolling and surveillance cells” within India's police are “majorly caring about national security,” not pharma scams, Choudhary says. And anyone dumb enough to file a police complaint against an online drug dealer, they say, faces imprisonment for soliciting narcotics.
Even though con artists and drug vendors inhabit a tiny, dark corner of the site, IndiaMart does have “a responsibility to the market” and will step up its efforts to weed out criminals, according to Bedi. “The more we learn about this,” they say, “the stronger our system will become.”
But for now, the site appears to offer a range of hard drugs typically confined to highly encrypted dark web marketplaces — even though the odds of actually receiving a gram of meth or a ziplock full of oxycodone via IndiaMart may be low.
Even Daiichi, the Indian meth seller, offers a word of caution to anyone trolling for speed on IndiaMart: “Stories like this [about pharma scammers] are very alarming, eh? You'd better be careful.”
More from GlobalPost: Asia's Meth Wars: A journey into Asia's billion-dollar drug underground
WASHINGTON — The National Security Agency vacuumed up more than 151 million records about Americans' phone calls last year via a new system that Congress created to end the agency's once-secret program that collected domestic calling records in bulk, a report disclosed Tuesday.
Although the number is large on its face, it nonetheless represents a massive reduction from the amount of information the agency gathered previously. Under the old system, it collected potentially “billions of records per day,” according to a 2014 study.
The new report, an annual surveillance review published by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, offered the first glimpse of how the new system is working. That the National Security Agency still collected such a large volume of calling data, even if it was only a fraction of what the agency once gathered, showed the challenge of conducting 21st-century surveillance and data monitoring within constraints set up to protect Americans' privacy.
Since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, the agency has analyzed large amounts of communications metadata — records showing who contacted whom, but not what they said — to hunt for associates of terrorism suspects. For years, it did so by collecting domestic call records in bulk.
To Help During Shutdown, Man Mows Lawn Around Lincoln Memorial
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP
Because of the partial government shutdown, most of the monumental core in Washington, D.C. is not being maintained.
That means that icons like the Lincoln Memorial and its Reflecting Pool look a little less majestic.
But, today, a South Carolina man, took matters into their own hands and made news by doing what the government won't do.
As The Washington Post reports, Chris Cox, 45, bought an old lawn mower and a leaf blower and got to work, making sure the lawn was nice and kempt and some fallen tree limbs were moved out of the way.
"These are our memorials. Do they think that we're just going to let them go to hell? No," Cox told All-News 99.1. "If they shut down our memorials, we're still going to take the trash out, we're going to clean the windows, we're going to cut the grass, we're going to pull the weeds, we're going to do the tree work."
Cox told the Post that they were not taking a political position by keeping up public lands.
"The building behind me serves as a moral compass, not only for our country but for the world. And over my dead body are we going to find trash pouring out of these trash cans," they said. "At the end of the day, we are the flight attendants of these buildings that are memorials."
The Post reports that U.S. Park Police told them to stop mowing the lawn.
DETROIT, MI, - FEBRUARY 16: The General Motors world headquarters is shown February 16, 2012 in Detroit, Michigan. Today GM announced it recorded its highest profit in its history, a record $7.6 billion for 2011. GM union members will each receive a $7,000 profit sharing check. (photo by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images) The General Motors world headquarters is seen in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images)
DETROIT (AP) — General Motors says that it costs too much to advertise during the Super Bowl.
Marketing chief Joel Ewanick says the company won't run ads during the big game in February.
Ewanick said in a statement Friday that GM can't justify the expense because of a significant price increase for next year's event.
The move comes as the company reviews its global advertising budget. GM spent about $4.5 billion on advertising last year.
The Super Bowl is advertising's biggest stage. Companies spent an average of $3.5 million for a 30-second commercial during this year's game.
It's not the first advertising change this week for GM. The company also decided to pull $10 million in ads from Facebook, saying they weren't effective.
(© Copyright 2012 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Rick Hahn could not finish their sentence because the room started to fill with an overwhelming applause.
The mild-mannered general manager of the Chicago White Sox was in the middle of explaining to the collection of fans in attendance at this particular SoxFest seminar about the thought process behind the plethora of offseason moves they had just undertaken in.
Fans whistled while others clapped their hands as Hahn struggled to finish going into detail about why they decided now was the right time to make all of these acquisitions. Heck, after the winter they just had, nobody would scrutinize them if they wanted to resurrect the ill-fated “All In” slogan from a few years ago.
Jeff Samardzija, David Robertson, Melky Cabrera, Zach Duke, and Adam LaRoche were all major additions that grabbed headlines around the nation. The White Sox went from bottom feeders in the AL Central to having a surefire chance of taking home the division crown.
While most of the attention has been directed at the asupervisorstioned players, there was one masterful pickup by Hahn that has flown under the radar. This player most likely will not find themselves in the Opening Day lineup, but they will surely be an instrumental piece on this year's White Sox team.
Back on January 8th, the White Sox agreed to a 1 year-$3 million contract with Emilio Bonifacio. Certainly not a flashy move, but one that is sure to pay dividends throughout the season.
The 2013 and 2014 White Sox were filled with an enormous amount of deficiencies that led to two of the worst seasons in franchise history. One overlooked flaw these past two seasons was the lack of quality bench players that could be used at various positions.
Does one even have to revisit the list of options manager Robin Ventura had to pinch hit or pinch run late in games? Did anybody really trust Jordan Danks with a bat in their hands late in games or how about the only free agent gaffe of the Hahn-era in Jeff Keppinger? Anybody enjoys watching Casper Wells overrun a ball in the outfield or Alejandro De Aza run the bases like a little leaguer?
Unlike the collection of underachievers, Bonifacio is the prototypical bench player and is the perfect fit for this year's White Sox team.
Bonifacio possesses above average speed—showcased by their 26 steals last season—which was more than anybody on the 2014 White Sox. While their 0.6 WAR was nothing sabermetric savants would rave about, it is definitely a serviceable number.
Bonifacio's slash of .259/.305/.345 won't get them selected to any All-Star teams, but it is still better than that of Leury Garcia and Gordon Beckham. To top it off, their ability to hit from both sides of the plate is something that has been missing on the Southside for quite sometime.
According to FanGraphs, Bonifacio is a .291 hitter against left handed pitching in their career, which means that they could pinch hit late in games when opponents bring in a left-handed specialist. Furthermore, they are a career .279 hitter when batting either seventh or eighth which is a welcomed change of pace from the lack of production the White Sox have seen from the bottom of the order in recent seasons.
What sets Bonifacio apart is the fact that they can be an adequate option at second base, shortstop, and every position in the outfielder. Unlike the bench players in recent past, the eight year veteran is not a one dimensional asset, but rather can be inserted wherever Ventura sees fit. They open up the door for a multitude of players to have a day off, especially during the dog days of summer.
Injuries are just a part of the game of baseball. Over the course of 162 games there is certain to be at least one or two that plague the team for months. Last season Avisail Garcia's forced the White Sox to rely on incapable Dayan Viciedo and Alejandro De Aza.
Even for stretches when Viciedo and De Aza were hitting well, their defensive inefficiencies or baserunning blunders proved that they were not the most well-rounded options to start for an extended period of time on a moment's notice.
Two years back Ventura deemed Hector Santiago a “Swiss Army Knife” for the invaluable flexibility to provide the team. The same holds true for Bonifacio. Unlike those before him, when Bonifacio steps up to the plate late into the game or when they check in as a late-inning defensive replacement, nobody will shake their head in disgust.
A welcomed change of pace from what has happened in recent memory.
While many modern arts strive to glamorize, and portray our world to be better than it is, other creators simply find art in our ordinary lives and our simple bodies. Mueck is one of those artists, and is now well known for their hyper-realistic modern sculptures where they portray humans at critical stages in the life cycle, from birth through middle age, to death.
Ron Mueck, now working in the United Kingdom, was born in 1958 in Melbourne, Australia. The son of German-born toy-makers, they grew up making creatures, puppets, and costumes in their spare time, experimenting with materials and techniques and often traveling the hyperrealism road. They started their career as a model maker and puppeteer for children's films (such as Labyrinth, The Storyteller and etc.). Later they were making photo-realistic props and animatronics for the advertising industry. In 1996 Mueck transitioned to fine contemporary art, and in 1999 they were appointed as Associate Artist at the National Gallery, London.
Without further ado, let's take a little virtual museum tour, and explore the hyper-realistic and mind-blowing sculpture art by Ron Mueck.
Mask
A Girl
Bamboos for Looking Glass
In Bed
Bamboos for Kratzy
Mask II
Bamboos for Looking Glass, wikipedia, dmriver
Man in a Boat
Bamboos for Andricongirl, Andricongirl
Couple
Boy
Bamboos for masia vilalta, voss
Still Life
Bamboos for Looking Glass
Dead Dad
Bamboos for Looking Glass
Wild Man
Image credits: Looking Glass
Image credits: Christchurch City Libraries
Two Women
Bamboos for Andricongirl, dmriver
Woman With Sticks
Bamboos for Robert in Toronto, CHARLES VAN DEN BROEK
Big Man
Image credits: carlabellido.wordpress.com
B.C. won't need more electricity for many years and, when that time comes, there are less expensive alternatives than the Site C dam, says a submission filed with the B.C. Utilities Commission on Monday by Harry Swain, the man who chaired the federal-provincial review panel of the project.
“Demand will not materialize at even the low limit of BC Hydro's demand forecast,” Swain writes, as they caution the commission from relying too heavily on BC Hydro's forecasts.
“The issue is that BC Hydro's 2016 load forecast is no more credible than its numerous predecessors,” Swain writes.
Swain calls on the commission to “undertake its own research and analysis,” rather than simply adjudicating among submissions received during the review.
A United Nations report also released Monday called on the Canadian government to "immediately suspend" Site C dam construction due to "irreversible harm" to indigenous people.
The UN Committee on the Elimination of All Racial Discrimination said it was unacceptable for governments in Canada to force Indigenous peoples to pursue long and costly legal challenges as the only way to uphold rights the government is obligated to protect.
Swain has become an outspoken critic of the project since filing their panel's 473-page report on the project in 2014.
“I think we're making a big mistake, a very expensive one,” Swain told DeSmog Canada last year. “Of the $9 billion it will cost, at least $7 billion will never be returned. You and I as rate payers will end up paying $7 billion bucks for something we get nothing for.”
While many media outlets report that the joint review panel “approved” Site C, a careful reading of the report indicates they didn't recommend for or against the project. Rather, the panel laid out the pros and cons of the project and made 50 recommendations to government. One of those recommendations was for the B.C. government to refer the project for review by the B.C. Utilities Commission because Swain's panel didn't have the time or resources to study the costs or demand for the project.
Fast forward three years and here we are with an expedited utilities commission review of the project finally underway.
In their submission, Swain asks the commission to consider BC Hydro's consistent failure to accurately forecast electricity demand in B.C. for several decades.
“Despite its frequent claim that their methods are world-class and consistent with the Utilities Commission's resource planning guidelines, the Authority has regularly overstated reality for the last quarter century and beyond,” Swain writes.
BREAKING … Pull Plug on #SiteC Dam if Completion Costs More than $2B: Former Chair of Review Panel https://t.co/p0SRfEkBn3 #bcpoli pic.twitter.com/UX40P3cN4Z — DeSmog Canada (@DeSmogCanada) August 29, 2017
An April 2017 study from UBC's Program on Water Governance found BC Hydro has over-forecast demand since the 1980s.
“Go back to 1981, then they were predicting that demand would double within 10 years. That's why they argued for Site C at that point but 35 years later demand has still not reached the levels they were predicting,” Karen Bakker, the study's co-author, told DeSmog Canada.
Swain urged the commission to consider the analysis by UBC.
LNG Dream No Longer
In addition to a patchy forecast history, Swain said the prospect of an LNG export industry in B.C., a potential major consumer of grid electricity, “has collapsed.”
“The previous government had great hopes for the rapid growth of an export LNG industry, but these appear to have been dashed for some years to come,” Swain writes.
Petronas recently cancelled its massive Pacific NorthWest LNG project, citing market conditions.
Swain says the BC Hydro forecast of sales of more than 2,000 GWh of power to the LNG industry are “simply not credible.”
“As this is 65 per cent of the production of Site C, it is highly material — just not believable,” Swain writes.
Commission Asked to Consider Small-Scale Renewable Energy
Swain notes that smaller renewable energy projects, such as wind, solar and geothermal, have the advantage of being built incrementally to meet demand.
As it stands, Site C will operate at 100 per cent surplus in its initial years, causing electricity to be sold at a loss to other markets.
“The story of geothermal energy is well known to the commission, which advised BC Hydro to seriously examine the possibility when it turned down Site C in 1983,” Swain writes. “BC Hydro did not do so.”
According to BC Hydro's own estimates, geothermal energy could provide up to 700 megawatts of power in the province.
“However, after 34 years, all the basic resource characterization and technology development has been left to the private sector,” Swain writes.
“The periodic claim that the technology is unproven is belied by routine operations in Italy, New Zealand, California, Alaska, Iceland, and elsewhere.”
Further to that, Swain questions why BC Hydro has scaled back conservation efforts.
“Conservation is the cheapest source of electricity. BC Hydro should ‘buy' conservation up to the cost of new supply. Backing away from [demand side management] is evidence of their current confusion,” Swain wrote.
Where To Draw the Line
Swain writes that if the project relies solely on spot market sales for its first 20 years, and spot prices continue at current levels, the 2024 net value of the project would be about $2 billion.
“Solely from a financial point of view, unless the cost to complete is less than $2 billion, the project should be cancelled immediately and the landscape restored to a sustainable shape,” Swain writes. “The Flood Reserve of 1957 should be rescinded, and expropriated properties returned with no losses, broadly considered, to their owners.”
Adelaide sports shop owners fight ASICS after supply is cut off, putting business at risk
Updated
The owners of a small, family-owned sports store in Adelaide are fighting a global Japanese shoe company over its decision to stop supplying stock to their store.
Don and Kay Shipway, owners of the Sports Locker store in Prospect, said the company's decision to stop supplying their store with ASICS shoes, which make up 90 per cent of their turnover, will put them out of business.
"We've been in this business nearly 40 years and then suddenly it's just taken away from us, so it's more of a personal thing for me," Ms Shipway said.
"It's been our life, and we're so passionate about the product and the business, so I'm really very, very upset."
The couple is headed to Japan to argue their case and are scheduled to visit the ASICS headquarters today.
Earlier this year ASICS restructured its distribution arrangements and decided to bypass an Australian distributor and supply stores directly.
But the company decided not to supply Sports Locker, despite renewing supplies for other sports stores in South Australia.
Mr Shipway said the decision is unfair, and to make matters worse, the company will not give an explanation as to why their store will not be supplied.
We've had a lady from one of the country areas who was virtually in tears as the conversation was going on, because it's going to cost them another $700, $800, $900 for a sporting family Sports Locker owner Don Shipway
"It's important because of price competition," they said.
"The Government is doing reviews like the Harper review and the Senate has been working on parallel importing laws, and if these sporting companies go to an Apple marketing-type model, where the price competitiveness of shoes is lessened, then that's going to affect prices that families are paying for their sport.
"We've had a lady from one of the country areas who was virtually in tears as the conversation was going on, because it's going to cost them another $700, $800, $900 for a sporting family.
"So it's important I think from that point of view but it's important not just in South Australia but in other states as well."
Mr Shipway said if they get to meet with the president of ASICS, they will ask for the reason behind their decision.
"You deal with people and particularly in the Japanese company overall, and they have a thing called an ASICS global code of conduct and they talk strongly about businesses built on trust and reputation and acting with integrity is more than ASICS's image and reputation — well, sometimes, those two don't gel," they said.
Mr Shipway said if this is happening to them, it will happen to others.
This could have been anyone's business: Xenophon
Independent senator Nick Xenophon, who has joined the couple in Japan, said all Australian businesses should be concerned about the case.
"This is a big deal because what's happened to Don and Kay Shipway can happen to any small business owner in the country," they said.
It's quite chilling that they can do this without any reason, without any reasonable notice. Independent senator Nick Xenophon
"This affects literally hundreds of thousands of small businesses who could have been doing the right thing for over 30 years, faithfully, loyally selling this product and doing a good job of it, and then for no good reason the product has been taken away from under them, and their business will have to close in a matter of weeks because they've been starved of stock.
"So it's a question whether our existing competition laws are robust enough to provide relief in a case such as this, but it's also the fact that they haven't been able to get any reason for the cessation of supply.
"It's quite chilling that they can do this without any reason, without any reasonable notice, and after 30 years the Shipways will have to close their doors because they cannot get any more of these shoes."
The ACCC is looking into the matter, Senator Xenophon said, however by the time their inquiry takes place, which is a time-consuming process, the business will have had to close.
"[This] does indicate that under our current laws, there is no black and white answer," they said.
"I guess this trip is a last-ditch attempt by the Shipways who've used their frequent flyer points; I've travelled here at my expense to see whether there can be change of heart.
"The fact that ASICS won't even meet with them, won't even look them in the eye and tell them why they're cutting off their supply and effectively destroying their business, I don't think is good enough."
Topics: small-business, retail, consumer-protection, adelaide-5000
First posted
They also seized a 2006 BMW Z4.
The police said they were able to recreate the wild ride by using surveillance video, which also ultimately allowed them to track down Mr. Tang.
Mr. Tang's route started on the Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive at 116th Street. As they tore south on the highway, they zipped past cars and taxis and stopped only for red lights. It was night, and electronic music was playing on the car's sound system. They whipped around the southern tip of Manhattan before heading up the West Side Highway. They skipped the northern tip of Manhattan by turning right near the George Washington Bridge and heading back to the starting point.
Soon after a video of the wild ride was posted on YouTube, the driver gave an interview to the automobile Web site Jalopnik. They claimed that they had set a new speed record for traveling the loop around Manhattan, which they already held.
“I can do it consistently under 24 minutes and most likely beat my own record again,” they said.
They dismissed concerns that the stunt was dangerous, saying their average speed was only 66 miles per hour.
However, that takes into account stopping for red lights, and on the video, they can be seen traveling at breakneck speed as they overtake other vehicles.
After the Australian election: The way forward for the working class
24 August 2010
The hung parliament that emerged from Saturday's election is a further expression of the deepening crisis of the parliamentary system both in Australia and internationally.
Not since 1931 has a first-time government failed to be returned to office and there has been no hung parliament since 1940. The fact that these events occurred in the depths of the Great Depression and the opening phase of World War II, respectively, points to the intensity of the economic and political tensions underlying the present outcome.
The result has shaken the political establishment. An editorial in the Australian declared: “The election has delivered a severe shock to the predominantly two-party system that has served the nation well since federation.” Another comment noted that the result “announced the smashing of the smug two-party system which has dominated Australian politics since World War II.” This underscores the fact that, contrary to the myth of exceptionalism, no country is more sensitive to global economic and political turbulence. Less than four months after the British election resulted in a hung parliament, Australia has one too. Likewise in Canada, the past three elections have produced minority governments and political crises that have shut down parliament.
Two months ago, the political coup that ousted Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd cast a revealing light on the real forces that operate behind the facade of so-called parliamentary democracy and exercise real power. These same corporate and financial elites, along with the state apparatus itself, will determine the composition and agenda of the next government.
For the ruling class, the inability of both major parties to form a stable government signifies that parliamentary mechanisms are becoming increasingly unviable under conditions of deepening global economic crisis and heightening geo-political tensions. “Regardless of whether the Coalition's Tony Abbott or Labor's Julia Gillard leads it, this is the worst possible outcome for stable government and the unpopular economic reforms required to reinforce the Australian economy against another global recession, the expiry of the resources boom and the challenges of an ageing population,” declared the Australian Financial Review.
The newspaper warned that whatever government emerged from the negotiations with the three independents “neither combination bodes well for the revival of a serious economic reform agenda” and that there was a risk of “reform paralysis” creating uncertainty that “will not help Australia's reputation with international investors.”
“One of the first tasks of the next prime minister,” it continued, “will be to reassure the rest of the world that the government is committed to stability, fiscal discipline and reform. This will not be easy given the likely make-up of the government, but it will have to be done.”
In other words, in line with governments around the world, the primary question is not meeting the needs and aspirations of the voters but retaining the confidence of international financial markets through a “reform” agenda of fiscal austerity and attacks on the social position of the working class.
Likewise, the Australian noted that the mandate to govern “belongs to the party that offers the best hope of stability without sacrificing the national interest.” Compromises would “extend the holiday from reform, at least in the short term” and “accommodation and appeasement will be the order of the day until a fresh election provides a more decisive outcome.”
There is no guarantee, however, that another election would produce a more stable parliamentary regime. That is why, in order to enforce their agenda, the ruling elites will turn increasingly to extra-parliamentary measures.
The coup against Rudd, orchestrated by Labor apparatchiks at the behest of powerful corporate interests, and with the support and knowledge, if not direct connivance, of American intelligence forces, was the first step in this direction. It will be followed by others.
Just as the ruling class cannot proceed in the old way, neither can the working class.
The August 21 election was the latest in a series that has revealed escalating political volatility produced by the inability of ordinary working people and youth to advance their needs and interests through the parliamentary system.
The March 1996 election saw a massive swing against Labor, above all in working class electorates, amid deep opposition to the “economic reform” agenda carried out by the Hawke-Keating Labor governments and the destruction of hundreds of thousands of jobs.
Less than three years later, in 1998, the Howard government lost the overall popular vote and would have lost office after just one term were it not for the vagaries of the parliamentary system, which gave it a majority of seats.
In 2001, the Coalition government was again heading for electoral defeat, until it manufactured the Tampa refugee “crisis” and then exploited the terror attacks of September 11 to secure its re-election.
In 2004, Howard enjoyed a positive swing, with Labor's primary vote dropping to its lowest level since 1931. The result gave the government a majority in the Senate, for the first time since the late 1970s. But Howard's attempt to exploit its majority by pushing through the draconian WorkChoices industrial legislation only created a major backlash, contributing significantly to its defeat in November 2007. Rudd Labor came to power with a sizeable majority.
Now, less than three years later, opposition to both major parties has produced a hung parliament.
Common to all these electoral gyrations has been the attempt by workers to advance their interests by punishing first one, and then the other, major party. At the same time the putrefaction of the entire official political establishment has seen the rise of independents and the growth of the Greens.
In 2010, the shift against Labor was highest in working class electorates in Queensland and NSW, especially those with high levels of unemployment. These areas also registered a large informal protest.
At the same time, hostility to Labor, especially over its failure to deal with climate change, saw a record vote for the Greens. In 1998 the Greens recorded a vote of 2.6 percent for the House of Representatives and 2.7 percent for the Senate. In this election, it was 11.4 percent and 13 percent, respectively.
But a vote for the Greens provides no way forward, any more than swings from Labor to Liberal or informal protest votes. With the balance of power in the Senate, the Greens have emphasised their main concern is “stability”—i.e., supporting the agenda of whichever of the two major parties forms government.
It is time to draw a balance sheet. There is no solution to the pressing problems confronting the working class within the framework of the parliamentary system. Indeed, the very crisis of the system originates in profound shifts in the economic foundations of society, necessitating a new political orientation in the working class.
The globalisation of production and the ever-more pressing domination of global financial markets over every national economy have produced the collapse of the old program of reforms through pressuring this or that government. The policies of every national government are determined not by popular vote, but by the dictates of powerful global financial and corporate elites.
Indeed, the impact of these processes finds direct expression in the present parliamentary crisis. The three country independents, whose votes will determine which party comes to power, broke from the National Party as it adopted the “free market” agenda dictated by global finance. Their attempt to reintroduce greater national regulation will end in failure, just as surely as successive attempts to shift the political agenda through protest votes or voting Green.
The working class must strike out on a new road that expresses the economic and political realities of the twenty-first century. This new orientation was the axis of the SEP election campaign. We insisted that the perspective of national reform via parliament has been shattered by vast changes in the global economy and that the working class must develop its own independent political movement on the basis of a socialist and internationalist program.
The anger, frustration and volatility reflected in the election result express profound social and political realities. The transformation of Labor and the unions into open instruments of the ruling elites means that workers have no organisations through which to fight. They have been forced into a fruitless quest to find individual solutions for what are social problems. This crisis can only be resolved through the building of a new mass party of the working class.
There is no way forward for the working class through the decaying parliamentary system. Indeed, so long as workers remain trapped within it, they will be completely unprepared for the new, extra-parliamentary measures being prepared behind the scenes.
The SEP received important support in the election campaign, reflected in the increase in its vote. Even more important, however, were the thousands of workers, students and youth who came into contact with the party's analysis and program. We urge all those who supported the SEP's campaign to give the most serious consideration to its principles and perspective, apply to join its ranks and begin the task of building the new revolutionary party of the working class.
Socialist Equality Party (Australia)
Click here for full coverage of the SEP 2010 election campaign
Socialist Equality Party (Australia)
Freshly visor tanned and whipped into a state that psychologists call "Republican post-Independence Day golf frenzy," the GOP-controlled House of Representatives has introduced a bill that will repeal the Affordable Care Act, fulfilling the frothy wet dreams of Tea Partiers across the country. Of course, there's no way it could possibly pass, as its passage would require the Democrat-controlled Senate to vote on the thing, which it won't, and the President, who bet their entire political career on the thing, to sign it, which they won't. It's a good thing America doesn't have any real problems right now!
According to NPR, this will be the 31st time that the Republican-controlled House has attempted to repeal Obamacare in since January of 2011, when right wingers took control of Congress. That seems like a lot of time and taxpayer money to waste on symbolic votes. It almost seems like we're paying these guys to run 2-year-long reelection campaigns consisting of meaningless grandstanding on CSPAN and interrupting the State of the Union.
Anyway, they'll solve the whole jobs and economy and crumbling empire thing as soon as they're done symbolically fucking around with people's actual health.
[NPR]
A man accused of assaulting a woman at a rally for then-candidate Trump last year said in a new court filing Friday that they were only following Trump's directions when they helped remove them from the raucous crowd.
Alvin Bamberger, 75, filed a countersuit in U.S. District Court, saying "he would not have acted as they did without" Trump's "urging and inspiration." Bamberger is accused of shoving Kashiya Nwanguma at the Louisville, Ky., rally last year, according to WDRB-TV.
In their filing, Bamberger cited other Trump rallies, saying the president and their campaign "repeatedly urged people attending" the rallies to "remove individuals who were voicing opposition to Trump's candidacy" and promised to pay the legal fees of those who removed protesters.
Nwanguma, along with Molly Shah and Henry Brousseau, allege they were physically attacked by several members of the audicence, including Bamberger.
Bamberger can be seen on video repeatedly shoving Nwanguma. They acknowledged in their counter claim that they "touched" a woman, but denied assaulting anyone.
The filing argues that the protesters are “responsible for their own injuries” because they bought tickets to the rally, according to the New York Daily News.
Attorneys for Trump said the president, who is also being sued by the protesters, is immune from such lawsuits. They denied that Trump was urging the crowd to take action by repeatedly saying "get them out of here."
U.S. District Judge David Hale ruled earlier this month there's evidence that could be seen as supporting allegations that the protesters' injuries were a "direct and proximate result" of Trump's actions. The judge also noted that the Supreme Court has ruled out constitutional protections for speech that incites violence.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Award-winning wargame designer Richard Bodley Scott is back. The mastermind behind successes like Pike and Shot and Sengoku Jidai, returns to their roots and is busy at work on the sequel of one of the most successful wargaming systems ever: Field of Glory.
“The first digital adaptation of the most popular ancients and medieval tabletop wargaming rules served as a stepping stone in the foundation of the Slitherine Group as we know it today”, said Iain McNeil, Development Director of Slitherine. “We are happy to have RBS working on the next iteration of this PC game as they are both the father of the original tabletop game and the creator of its digital conversion”.
It's 280 B.C. The Republic of Rome has just finished defeating its Italian neighbours and already the Southern territories are menaced by King Pyrrhus of Epirus. Carthage, to the South-West is also a threat to the newborn Mediterranean power. In the north, the Gaul's continue to see the rich Roman cities as inviting targets.
A new age of war is coming.
Set during the Rise of Rome from 280 BC to 25 BC, Field of Glory II will accurately simulate the battles of the Ancient World, before the full establishment of the Roman Empire. Boasting a set of unique and detailed Army Lists for each faction, the game offers a wide variety of tactical choices with more than 80 beautiful and fully animated 3D models, each with multiple uniform variations.
“We really wanted Field of Glory 2 to be a big step up both in terms of visuals and in gameplay. We knew that with RBS on board, gameplay would fit well with both the historical setting and the nature of warfare at the time. For the visuals, we have put together a team that includes Pat Ward, formerly Art Director at Shenandoah and our Art Director Richard Evans. The result is a wargame that will please the fans, but also attract a brand-new generation of gamers”.
Players can already join the beta of Field of Glory II by applying here.
Expect to experience a Classic Age that's more vibrant than ever in this tabletop miniature wargame brought to life to PC! Field of Glory II is set to release this fall.
Medical Marijuana Goes High Class: Cannabis Featured in Fortune Magazine
Cannabis/Marijuana and Federal Lying Psychotics.
(MOLALLA, Ore.) - Fortune Magazine, certainly one of the most prominent high class magazines, published the article How marijuana became legal on September 15, 2009.
The story is a far cry from muggles[1] and potheads to this magazine article written by Roger Parloff, an admitted pot smoker of some thirty years ago (and today also).
They did their work well but I give them a B minus (I'm a retired Professor of Pharmacology and Toxicology with 50 years of Cannabis research and some 4000 medical marijuana patients).
Their article should be devastating to the Federal lying bureaucrats but they are hardshell liars and will shrug off the facts.
Author Parloff made some significant omissions in their article but interviewing Irv Rosenfeld, Dr. Grinspoon, Allen St. Pierre of NORML, and Stephen DeAngelo (of the $20 million a year Marijuana dispensary in Oakland) was truly a Tour de Force.
Their biggest mistake was not referring to Dr. Tod Mikuriya's [2] book Marijuana Medical Papers 1839 – 1972.
They relate ALL of Eli Lilly's Cannabis medicine history, referring toJack Herer's encyclopedic Cannabis book The Emperor Wears No Clothes, and a short schrift of O'Shaugnessy, the current best Pharmacology and Therapeutic reference magazine, establishing Cannabis/Marijuana as an excellent medicine.
Parloff also overlooked Granny Storm Crow's outstanding reference of ALL of the medical conditions for which Cannabis/Marijuana is useful or even lifesaving.
They still put Marinol, a very poor substitute for the real thing, as a Schedule II drug. Surprise, it is Schedule III – a glaring error.
They also minimize the use of vaporizers while giving free advertising to the most expensive one.
Good vaporizers can be bought for less than $200.
One thing in Parloff's favor; they do quote DEA Administrative Judge Francis Young's statement, “Marijuana is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man” - while castigating John C. Lawn, Administrator of the DEA, who reversed Judge Young's decision.
I guess Mr. Lawn was a patron of the cheap liquor stores in Washington D.C.
Don't get me wrong, this Fortune article about Legal Cannabis/Marijuana is good-- but it is not as good as it could be.
[1] en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muggle_(disambiguation)
[2] July 24, 2009: Medical Marijuana Use & Benefits: a Reprise - Dr. Phil Leveque Salem-News.com
**********************************************************
Do you have a a question, comment, or story to share with Dr. Leveque?
Email him: Ask Dr. Leveque
More information on the history of Dr. Leveque can be found in their book, General Patton's Dogface Soldier of WWII about their own experiences "from a foxhole".
Order the book by mail by following this link: Dogface Soldier
The most highly anticipated Android phone of the year is just days away from release, but no smartphone launch would be complete without a detailed teardown review. iFixit has gotten its hands on Samsung's latest flagship in order to determine the repairability of this year's model, and although the new design has its strengths, the teardown crew discovered that the Galaxy S5 is much less repairable than its predecessor.
The Galaxy S5 specifications include a 5.1-inch, full HD Super AMOLED display, 2.5GHz quad-core Snapdragon 801 processor, 16 or 32GB of internal storage, 16-megapixel rear camera with 4K video recording, microSD slot and sensors for fingerprints, heart rate and gestures.
We already got a detailed rundown of the camera, the heart rate monitor and the fingerprint scanner from Chipworks‘ teardown last week, but iFixit's review takes a broader look at the device in comparison to the Galaxy S4. The Galaxy S5 has a larger body than the Galaxy S4, its screen is a tenth of an inch bigger and the glossy back panel has been replaced by a more grippable material.
Getting inside the S5 “is as simple as ever.” The iFixit team didn't need anything but thumbs to open the casing, granting immediate access to the battery. In other words, replacing the battery for your future S5 will be a piece of cake. As for other repairs, you might have a little more difficulty. You can see the full review below, but after spending some time with the device, iFixit settled on repairability score of 5/10, 3 points lower than the S4. Find out why in the video review:
At Trinidad and Tobago's carnival, fashions are as loud as the steel bands and the party continues until dawn. Noo Saro-Wiwa joins revellers at the forefather of Notting Hill's carnival
For non-dressy types, the fashion exuberance in Trinidad can leave you feeling shamefully dowdy. My simple T-shirt, jeans and lace-up shoes combo looked rather ascetic compared with the bikini tops, fluorescent vests and cleavages sauntering around me in Port of Spain, Trinidad's capital city. Carnival had barely begun, yet even the Trinidadians who weren't in costume made me feel like a nun in sackcloth.
Trinis love to dress up, and their carnival, the evolutionary ancestor of the Notting Hill version, is the perfect excuse for them to tart up like no other nation on earth. Carnival has been celebrated here since the 19th century, when emancipated African slaves and Indian indentured labourers began copying the fancy dress parties of their French colonial landowners, and mixed in elements of their own African mythology and traditions.
The saying goes that if Trinibagonians aren't celebrating carnival, they're getting ready for it while reminiscing about the last year's festival. Although Tobago holds its own small festival, people from all over Trinidad and Tobago, and the Caribbean, converge on Port of Spain for the biggest and best-known carnival in the Caribbean. It's smaller than Rio de Janeiro and Notting Hill, with around 300,000 people marching through a relatively compact area of the city around Queens Park and the national stadium.
Arriving in town on a Saturday evening, we took a walk around Queens Park, where the streets were jammed with people and food and rum stalls. Though we were among 40,000 foreign visitors (half of whom are American), our presence didn't dilute the Trinidadian flavour much. Dotted around the park were various steel bands competing to win the Panorama steel band title, with about 20 musicians on steel pans, guitars and a full drum kit playing calypso tunes, as well as Latin and jazz standards. The steel drums evolved from the oil drums and frying pans that were used to create African percussion almost a century ago, and the fullness and intensity of the rhythms sounded more like Brazilian bloco street bands rather than the modest trills of steel pans in London.
Next day was Dimanche Gras (Big Sunday). We attended the costume competition in which people compete to win the titles of King and Queen of Carnival. Participants have been trying to outdo one another for so long, it's hard to see how much further they can take it: outfits included 20ft chandeliers, ruby brooches, and giant duelling ants. The constructions are so large they're supported by metal scaffolding and pulled along on wheels. One ambitious competitor chose to walk on stilts – a decision they may have regretted when they collapsed, split-legged, on to the floor to howls of sympathy from the audience. It took four men to dive beneath their tent-sized skirt and help them up again. In the end, the winner was "Pacific Tsunami", a colossus of billowing blue fabric.
By 1am, my friend and I collapsed into bed in a jet-lagged heap, but for Trinis it was the start of the main phase of the celebrations, J'ouvert. Derived from the French "jour ouvert" or daybreak, this street party signifies the real start of carnival. At around 2am, revellers smear themselves with colourful paint, mud, powder or oil. By the time I woke up the next morning, white-powdered zombies and green hulks were still dancing through the streets.
The main event had now begun. Costumed revellers organise themselves into groups, known as "playing mas" and parade through the city. Mas camps vary in size. One of the biggest and best-established, Tribe, includes a mix of Trinis and tourists (often American college girls and frat boys) wearing Amazonian facepaint, feathers and not much else. They and other mas camps with names like The Riddimholicks and Wild Ting cavort through the streets, dancing to modern soca, which has fused with Jamaican ragga to form ragga soca, a fast beat that pounds out of speakers on trucks rolling slowly through the crowd.The mas themes are eclectic: a group called Ye Olde England minced delicately in Tudor garb; geriatric mas players in sequined suits shuffled their feet to a gentler, old-school soca tune; Roman gladiators in sunglasses and shiny biceps dry-humped their female counterparts.
The tradition of "wining" (gyrating of the hips) is a mutation of an African tradition. Edward Long, an 18th-century historian, once said of the Carnival woman: "In their paces they exhibit a wonderful address, particularly the motion of their hips and steady position of the upper part of their person." But by 1877 the Trinidad Guardian newspaper was calling for "a refinement of our vulgar tastes". The authorities tried to ban such revelry, but failed. These days, wining is even racier. Women rub their bottoms against the men (or vice-versa), and some people even get horizontal for a few seconds of full simulation. But for all its raunchiness, it is just innocent fun, and when a lady rubbed their bum against my friend's trouser zipper, they played their part without getting in a fluster.
By late afternoon, only detritus and the echoes of distant soca beats filled the streets. Our heads were spinning from knocking back Puncheon rum and staying awake for the best part of three days. Carnival was over and Trinidad returned to its soporific pace, as if conserving its energies for these few insane days before the start of Lent each year.
Next morning, we took a taxi out of town, through the forested hills to the beaches of Maracas Bay on the northern coast. I gorged on "bake and shark" – deep-fried shark stuffed in a deep-fried batter roll – and stared into the Caribbean sea wondering when – not if – I'd come back to Trinidad for more Carnival.
• Buy Noo Saro-Wiwa's memoir Looking for Transwonderland: Travels in Nigeria from the Guardian bookshop site (£11.99).
Getting there
British Airways flies from Gatwick to Port of Spain from £719rtn
Where to stay: Coblentz Inn Boutique Hotel, 44 Coblentz Avenue, Cascade, Port of Spain; +1 868 621 0541
Carnival dates: 20-21 February 2012; 11-12 Feb 2013
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
A group of engineers at Disney Research in Pittsburgh has demonstrated a range of new 3D printing techniques, allowing for the integration of elements such as displays and sensors into cheap, printed objects. The new approach takes advantage of recent developments in the types of materials that can be employed in 3D printing, focusing in particular on "high resolution transparent plastics with similar optical properties to plexiglas."
The key is the simplicity and cheapness of the manufacturing process
In the example pictured above, a set of "light pipes" embedded in the chess piece maps to a projector on the board, allowing the king to display its current position. Compared to the possibilities of a conventional LCD, the demonstration may not seem impressive, but the key is the simplicity and cheapness of the manufacturing process — as the researchers explain, it forms "part of our long term vision for interactive devices that are 3D printed in their entirety."
Aside from simple displays, the process can also be used to produce a variety of sensors, using changes in a path of infrared light to detect movements such as the touch of a button or the turn of a dial. Check out the video below for a visual demonstration of exactly what is possible, as well as some simulations of future applications.
Image copyright Valve Software Image caption The falling value of the rouble means games on Steam are cheap if bought via Russia
The plunging value of the Russian rouble has led game maker Valve to impose limits on its online store.
It has started putting "region-locks" on games bought via its Steam service in Russia so only people in that country can play them.
The move is an attempt to stop people outside the country buying games that are far cheaper from the Russian store.
Many games costing $40 (£25) on the US Steam store cost only a few dollars in Russia.
The Steam Prices website, which logs price differences across the regional Steam game networks, reveals many games are currently up to 10 times more expensive in the US and UK than they are in Russia.
Falling oil prices and economic sanctions have conspired to cause the value of the rouble to lose more than half its value against the US dollar this year. Earlier this week one dollar was worth 79 roubles though the currency has recovered since and now $1 buys about 61 roubles.
Valve's move is the first time that region locks have been imposed on games available via the hugely popular Steam service. Valve has yet to issue a comment on its decision to lock games.
Earlier this week Apple also reacted to the economic turmoil in Russia by halting sales made via the Russian version of its online store. It said exchange rates were too volatile for it to set prices.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Interpol said its partners "must share the fundamental values" of law enforcement
Interpol has suspended a joint anti-match-fixing programme with Fifa over allegations of corruption against the football governing body.
The international police agency is freezing the €20 million (£14m) donated by Fifa in 2011 for the programme.
The 10-year "Integrity in Sport" agreement was intended to combat match-fixing and illegal gambling.
Fifa is under investigation by authorities in the US and Switzerland for alleged bribery and corruption.
"In light of the current context surrounding Fifa, while Interpol is still committed to developing our Integrity in Sport programme, I have decided to suspend the agreement," Juergen Stock, the head of Interpol, said in a statement.
"All external partners, whether public or private, must share the fundamental values and principles of the organisation, as well as those of the wider law enforcement community," they added.
The agreement between Interpol and Fifa stated that the football body must be "compatible with the principles, aims and activities of Interpol".
Image copyright AP
In other Fifa developments:
Fifa scandal leaves Brazil exposed
Is US now overreaching in Fifa scandal?
Fifa: Why should I care?
'Unrelated to allegations'
A spokesperson for Fifa told the BBC that the organisation was "disappointed" by Interpol's decision.
"The success and importance of this programme cannot be understated. Our co-operation over the past four years has been a key part of addressing the transnational problem of match-fixing."
The statement added: "This successful programme is unrelated to the current issues surrounding Fifa and we believe that this unilateral decision will negatively impact the fight against criminal activity."
Fifa was "reaching out to Interpol to further discuss this matter", it said.
Last month, 14 current and former Fifa officials and sports marketing executives were charged over allegations of corruption and bribery following a years-long US-led investigation into the organisation.
The scandal has raised questions over the legitimacy of the bidding processes for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, which were awarded to Russia and Qatar respectively.
Who are the indicted Fifa officials?
Fifa corruption crisis: Key questions answered
Barcelona (CNA).- This 15th of October will be the 75th anniversary of Catalan President Lluís Companys' death by firing squad. Catalonia's Commission for Dignity, an NGO that aims to return the documents confiscated by Franco's troops at the end of the Spanish Civil War to their rightful owners in Catalonia, “urged” the Spanish state and the army to condemn the court-martial that executed the President in 1940. The Commission also invited Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and commanding officer of the Spanish military forces stationed in Catalonia, General Boyero Delgado, to attend the commemoration events “as an action of normality”.As part of its programme to preserve historical memory, the Commission is preparing a concert on the 11th of October, performed by the School of Music of Catalonia (ESMUC), to pay homage to the assassinated republican President.
The Commission for Dignity sent a letter to both Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and commanding officer of the Spanish military forces stationed in Catalonia, General Boyero Delgado, inviting them to the 75th anniversary commemoration of President Company's execution. In the letters, the Commission highlighted that in 2008 both France and Germany “condemned and assumed responsibilities” in the court-martial execution and it therefore “requires” them to attend the homage events “as an act of normality”.
The letter to Mariano Rajoy urged the Spanish government to “explicitly” condemn Companys' execution and to take part in the commemoration events that will be held on the 15th of October, the date on which Companys was murdered. The letter to General Boyero Delgado requires the army “to pay tribute” to the republican President by taking part in the flower offering that will be held at ‘Fossar de la Pedrera's mausoleum. The Commission would regard this as “an evident defence of democracy and condemnation of fascist crimes” stated the letters.
Institutional commemoration events
As part of its programme to preserve historical memory, the Commission for Dignity is preparing a concert on the 11th of October, performed by the School of Music of Catalonia (ESMUC) to pay homage to the assassinated republican President. ESMUC will perform pieces from Beethoven and Wagner, which were played by the Pau Casals Orchestra in 1936 as a homage to anti-fascist fighters. The concert will be accompanied with readings of poems and other texts.
On the 15th of October, the exact date when Companys was murdered, an institutional commemoration will take place in ‘Palau de la Generalitat', the Catalan Government headquarters and will also include ESMUC participation.
It's already 1984 in China.
For the last year, the people of Hangzhou, China – a city of more than nine million – have had every moment of their lives tracked.
“City Brain,” an artificial intelligence system that interlinks with a city's infrastructure was installed in October 2016, through a partnership with Alibaba and Foxconn.
In an effort to optimize Hangzhou and make urban life easier, the system tracked everything from robberies to traffic jams and learned the city's unique patterns and needs.
Residents were also tracked through their activity on social media. Their commutes, purchases, interactions and movements were all learned and absorbed by the AI database.
“In China, people have less concern with privacy, which allows us to move faster,” Xian-Sheng Hua, an AI manager at Alibaba, said during a presentation at the World Summit AI meeting in early October.
And, according to New Scientist, the system works.
Crime, car crashes and rush hour traffic is all down. The system can predict traffic jams and adjust the traffic lights in order to avoid congestion before it begins. It can also keep track of criminals, making it easier for police to catch them. And it automatically notifies authorities when it detects so much as an illegally parked car.
The system is also hooked up to residents' cell phones and can alert them of bad weather or traffic jams and offer safer routes.
City Brain has apparently been such a success that it's already being packaged for other cities across China and, eventually, the world.
This story originally appeared in the New York Post.
Here we go again! Another day, another working day.
Here are my instruments for work, a little camera, and some accessories. Many people when the weekend comes they go and relax but for me, I work more than in normal days. This is my little story what I make in almost every weekend and some pictures how I am preparing for this.
First thing I do is to see if I am not lost anything:)
Try to cleen the camera because it has allot of dust
Now it is time to test if it's all working ok.
The microphone is working and we are almost ready to go.
Put all things in a bag.
Take mi shirt and finally we are done.
So there is it I am ready for a nice Weekend!
TV 2 Nyhedernes nye studie. Foto: recordere.dk
Torsdag aften tog TV 2 Nyhederne det nye HD-studie i brug. Vi kiggede indenfor inden premieren.
Som vi skrev forleden, så er der premiere på et nyt nyhedsstudie på TV 2.
Det er ikke hverdagskost at Nyhederne på TV 2 får nyt studie. Et studie siges nemlig at skulle holde 10-12 år, og det er derfor kun 3. gang i kanalens næsten 25-årige historie at rammerne skiftes ud.
Når der er premiere torsdag er det ikke kun nye kulisser, alt indmaden er så at sige også nyt. Nu er det med ny HD-teknik, og den mest moderne computerstyrere afvikling, der rykker ind på Kvægtorvet i Odense.
Til venstre en 103-tommer plasma og bagerst storskærmen
Ny HD-teknik præger studiet bag facaden. Foto: recordere.dk
Bordet kan kører op/ned, så værten både kan sidde og stå. Foto: recordere.dk
Designet med respekt for Kvægtorvet
Bag selve indretningen står studiedesigner Simon Jaco, der også har lavet nyhedsstudier til tv-giganter som BBC, Al-Jazeera og Sky ? men også de eksisterende studier til Nyhederne og NEWS på TV 2.
Studiet er indrettet med respekt for det over 100 år gamle kvægtorv i Odense bl.a. med søjler og flensborgsten i studiet, og træ omkring storskærmene. Som noget helt nyt er studiet også blevet åbnet ud mod den berømte midtergang på Kvægtorvet, så gæster kan kigge med på udsendelserne igennem glasvægge.
Vejrværten kan benytte alle skærmene i studiet. Foto: recordere.dk
Længere nede i rummet er arbejdspladserne. Foto: recordere.dk
Arbejdsbordene er arrangeret i cirkler, their afviklingen. Foto: recordere.dk
Producerens arbejdsplads. Herfra kan hele udsendelsen afvikles via computer. Foto: recordere.dk
Producer-pladsen. I baggrunden ses lydburet. Foto: recordere.dk
Computerstyret afvikling
Der tages en ny teknologi og mere automatisering i anvendelse i det nye studie, og denne type afvikling kan frigøre kræfter til andre formål, bl.a. det kreative arbejde.
Teknologien, som bl.a. styrer robotkameraer, lys, lyd, video, grafik til skærmen og storskærme benyttes allerede i dag på TV 2 NEWS, men nu rykker den ind hos TV 2 Nyhederne også.
Afviklingspultene er afskaffet
Det er samtidig første gang at det traditionelle “afviklingsrum” helt er droppet. Som formentlig verdens første store TV-station, der har Nyhederne rykket næsten hele afviklingsholdet ind til skriveborde i studiet.
Kun lydmanden har – af hensyn til at kunne kvalitetssikre lyden – stadig sit eget rum. Men hvor lydmanden i traditionelt lydstudie sidder foran en mixerpult, så sidder han them foran computerskærmene, for selve lydfaderne er under kontrol af computeren.
Ufo-en (værtsbordet) kan skifte farve. Foto: recordere.dk
Værtsbordet med både hosteknap og USB-oplader. Foto: recordere.dk
Et af kameraerne er et såkaldt steadycam, et gyroophængt kamera der kan lave rolige skud i bevægelse. Foto: recordere.dk
Den ca. 10m lange HD-storskærm. Foto: recordere.dk
Billedet skabes af 3 store Barco-projektorer. Foto: recordere.dk
Projektorene belyser det mørke lærred bagfra. Foto: recordere.dk
Ny HD-storskærm
En stor nyskabelse i nyhedsstudiet er den rundede og ca. 10 meter lange HD-storskærm. Skærmen har krævet en helt særlig opspænding, for at undgå de striber imellem de forskellige billedfelter. Til at oplyse skærmen benyttes hele 3 store “large venue” projektorer.
Det nye nyhedsstudie rummer også et nyt HD-vejrstudie og en udendørs vejrgård, hvorfra Vejret på TV 2 kan sende flere daglige vejrudsigter.
Newsroom
Studiet er det der i fagsprog kaldes et newsroom. Alle der arbejder på udsendelsen sidder inde i selve studiet. Det er værter, til nyheder og vejr, afviklingsholdet, grafikerne, journalisterne, mediemanagerne der holder styr på media m.fl.
Alt i alt kan der snildt være 40 mand på arbejde i selve studieområdet en tilfældig dag.
Premieren er torsdag d. 25. april kl. 19
Lydmanden har ansigtet ud mod studiet, og selve lydpulten er under computer-kontrol. Foto: recordere.dk
Them forberedes vejrudsigterne. Bagerst vejr-hjørnet. Foto: recordere.dk
Vejrhjørnet har robotkameraer og udsigt til studiehaven. Foto: recordere.dk
Bagerst tv. ses et af glaspartierne ud mod Kvægtorvets gangarealer. Foto: recordere.dk
Arbejdspladser i studieområdet. Foto: recordere.dk
Til højre ses glaspartiet ud mod midtergangen på Kvægtorvet. Foto: recordere.dk
TV 2 Nyhedernes nye HD-studie. Foto: recordere.dk
A pair of newly-minted NBA All-Star point guards are mulling taking part in the Dunk Contest. John Wall has already addressed it, and Damian Lillard is said to also be considering the possibility:
Portland's franchise player will be quite busy come All-Star Weekend. They say they expect to defend their Skills Challenge title, he's a headliner in the Rising Stars Challenge game and the grandest of them all: he'll be coming off the bench for the West in the All-Star game.
If you think that's too much, CSNNW.com has received word via a league source that Lillard is considering participating in the NBA Slam Dunk Contest, though Lillard refuses to comment on it. The Wizards' John Wall is mulling over the dunk competition, too.
The reigning Rookie of the Year hasn't missed a single game throughout their NBA career. They averaged 38.6 minutes per game last season and this season he's at 36.0. There will obviously be concerns that he'll tire out in New Orleans while most of the league will utilize the time to allow their bodies time to recuperate. They acknowledged that they have a busy schedule ahead of them but downplays the actual workload on the court.
“It's not like I'm going out there playing in a real, regular season game,” Lillard explained. “I'll play some minutes in the Rising Stars, which is not a game where people play hard. I'll do the Skills Challenge, where I'll be on the court for maybe two minutes, total. And the All-Star game, I'm probably not going to play a bunch of minutes. I think the off the court stuff will be more overwhelming than the on the court stuff.”
An internal email from NASA chief Mike Griffin has been leaked to the media. It expresses Griffin's frustration with recent US space policy, says that White House oversight offices have waged a "jihad" against the space shuttle, and offers a gloomy view of the future.
The email was obtained at the weekend by the Orlando Sentinel, and lays out Griffin's view of how America should have acted in recent years.
"In a rational world," writes Griffin to a senior US advisor, "we would have been allowed to pick a shuttle retirement date to be consistent with Ares/Orion availability, we would have been asked to deploy Ares/Orion as early as possible (rather than 'not later than 2014') and we would have been provided the necessary budget to make it so."
The Ares rockets and Orion capsule will be NASA's next manned spacecraft, but they will not be in service until 2014 or later. Meanwhile the shuttle is currently marked for retirement in 2010, leaving the US dependent on Russian Soyuz ships for access to the International Space Station (ISS).
Given the recent chill in US/Russian relations following events in Georgia, Griffin is far from alone in seeing this as a problem. He's quite clear where they think the blame lies: with the White House Offices of Management and Budget and of Science and Technology Policy (OMB and OSTP), which set funding and brief the president on tech matters.
"The rational approach didn't happen, primarily because for OSTP and OMB retiring the Shuttle is a jihad rather than an engineering and management decision. Further, they actively do not want the ISS to be sustained, and they have done everything possible to ensure that it would not be."
Griffin believes that Russia will refuse to withdraw its forces from Georgia, and as a result Washington politicians will not approve NASA purchase of any further seats on Soyuz launches beyond those already approved.
"My guess is that there is going to be a lengthy period with no US crew on ISS after 2011. No additional money is going to be provided to accelerate Orion/Ares, and even if it were, at this point we can't get there earlier than 2014... Commercial solutions will ultimately emerge, but not substantially before Orion/Ares are ready, if then.
"The alternatives are to continue flying shuttle, or abandon US presence on ISS."
Griffin believes that this will be unacceptable to the next US president, whether John McCain or Barack Obama. So, they believe, NASA will be ordered to keep flying the shuttle once George Bush has departed.
"They will tell us to extend Shuttle," they write. "There is no other politically tenable course... Extending Shuttle creates no damage that they will care about, other than to delay the lunar program. They will not count that as a cost. They will not see what that does for US leadership in space in the long term."
Thus, says Griffin, NASA should now begin planning to extend the shuttle fleet's operations - "Plan B", as they call it, "while doing the least damage possible to Ares/Orion".
As to the argument that the US could retain meaningful control of an entirely Russian-manned ISS - the station being remotely managed largely from NASA ground stations - they say this is unrealistic "short of war".
"There are actions we could take to to hold ISS hostage, or even to prevent them using it - power management stuff, for example. We will not take those actions... the Russians can sustain ISS without US crew as long as we don't actively sabotage them... we need them. They don't 'need' us. We're a 'nice to have'."
Griffin goes on to say that if sufficient funds were available, NASA would have no difficulty in keeping the Shuttle flying while at the same time building Ares/Orion. Some have suggested that there would be conflicts between the two programmes for use of NASA's mighty spaceship drydock, the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB), for instance.
"if we're given extra money, then the VAB conflicts are solvable... It's only a matter of money."
The beleaguered NASA chief signs off on an unhappy note.
"My own view is about as pessimistic as it is possible to be," they write. This, one may take it, means that they believe NASA will be ordered to keep flying the Shuttle to the ISS without extra cash. This will in turn delay Ares/Orion, holding up or even crippling America's bold new push to the Moon and Mars. Meanwhile, rivals like Russia and China will press ahead.
In a statement released yesterday, Griffin said:
The leaked internal email fails to provide the contextual framework for my remarks, and my support for the administration's policies. Administration policy is to retire the shuttle in 2010 and purchase crew transport from Russia until Ares and Orion are available. The administration continues to support our request for [approval from Capitol Hill]. Administration policy continues to be that we will take no action to preclude continued operation of the International Space Station past 2016. I strongly support these administration policies, as do OSTP and OMB.
The Sentinel writeup can be read here, and an image of the email itself viewed here. ®
PITTSBURGH -- Sherrod Wright scored 23 points -- their highest output in three weeks -- as George Mason broke a nine-game losing skid with a 74-68 win over Duquesne Saturday.
The contest was close through 33 minutes, but after an Ovie Soko 3-pointer pulled Duquesne to 55-52 with 6:24 remaining, the Patriots launched an 8-1 run for some breathing room. Byron Allen hit a pair, Erik Copes dunked and Wright hit a jumper to push the lead to 10, 63-53, with 3:45 to go.
The Patriots (8-15, 1-8 Atlantic 10) shot 50 percent from the floor with Allen adding 17 points, and Jalen Jenkins 10 for their first A-10 win since joining this season.
The game was dubbed the Chuck Cooper Classic, named to honor the Duquesne grad who was the first African-American selected in the NBA draft (1950).
Soko led the Dukes (10-12, 2-7) with 21 points, Micah Mason adding 16.
Unfortunately, the above screen shot, captured by the folks at 102.3 Blake FM, is all that remains of one of the truest macho, testosterone-fueled Craigslist car ads that we'll see this year. Whether or not the McKinney, Texas man behind it sold their beloved Jeep Wrangler Sahara is only known to them and a potential buyer – it's a pretty great deal depending on the Jeep's CarFax – but it's hard to debate that they didn't have one of the best sales pitches that you'll read in any Craigslist ad, short of the infamous Pontiac ad from last year.
Feast your eyes on this poetry, lest you be too un-manly to handle all of its awesomeness. What? He's a much better writer than I am.
I should start by saying that if you are looking for a “Pajama party Barbie Jeep” you my friend, should keep looking. If you are looking for a short description of to the beast before you, I can offer you two words “MEAT & POTATOES”. This is the All American chariot of the free world.
You are not dealing with any ordinary, cookie cutter Jeep son. This thing was forged from a single block of all American Tungsten Steel. Real sturdy! From that day forward my life has never been the same. Winch yourself off that couch and see if you can handle this Jeep Wrangler Sahara.
So if you are looking for a rice burning hatch back, a solar powered liberal mobile, or even a Hyundai crossover keep on looking my friend this thing is a piece of red white and blue Americana Machinery.
This baby's pulse is pumping 4.0 liters of uncensored raw fuel through their straight six nuclear power plant. And rest assured this is no metro feminine automatic. . .you command them to obey, with your calloused hand planted firmly on the shifter. And they will obey, the first time, every time. If you can't handle your stick shifter, or reach the clutch pedal, you better not ferry skip over here wanting to test drive them If you stall them out, you can count on getting hit in the face with a piece of re-bar and sent back where you came from.
It has A/C but are you kidding me….Really! If you want to blow the sweat off your brow, you do it the old fashioned way: doors off, top down. “What if it rains?”. . .You whiney bitch! I told you to stop reading. . . Any man who drives this beast doesn't give a damn about rain. Not even skin melting acid rain, Because he's already dripping wet in blood, sweat, dip spit, and fish guts.
If you are looking for the kind of jeep that has to be pansy parked in the garage, so the “carpet doesn't get wet and soggy” Then you should plant your Obama sticker on some Japanese piece of shit. Because this thing has drain holes in the floor and rhino lined to let the blood drain out from the buffalo you just killed, with your bare hands. Because you are William Wallace from Braveheart and when you get home you can leave your “sissy sponge glove car wash kit” in the pink bucket it came in. Go ahead and spark up your 6000 psi heated pressure washer on the dually trailer in your man cave, because you are Tim Gillespie and you can pressure wash your truck on the inside. She's got rhino lined floors with a full roll cage in case that buffalo comes back to life while you're doing 80 over some mountain pass or flooded river.
WASHINGTON (JTA) — The delivery of kosher and halal food in emergency situations would be made easier under a measure approved by the U.S. House of Representatives.
The amendment approved Wednesday to the Farm Bill mandates identifying kosher and halal food already in food banks so it may more easily be distributed to Jewish and Muslim communities during crises. It also encourages the Department of Agriculture to purchase more such foods, as long as the costs are equal to items that are not kosher or halal.
The Farm Bill itself failed to pass Thursday over disagreements over how deep its cuts should be to food stamp programs. Congressional leaders suggested they would craft a new bill, but it was too early to tell whether the kosher-halal amendment would be included.
William Rapfogel, who directs New York's Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty, praised the amendment, noting that in New York City, 300,000 Jews live at poverty level and 175,000 live at near poverty.
“We are hopeful that thousands more food-insecure Americans who observe the Muslim or Jewish faith will greatly benefit from this amendment,” they said.
Difficulties for such populations during last year's Superstorm Sandy spurred the bill, Rep. Michael Grimm (R-N.Y.) said in a statement. Grimm and Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.) initiated the measure.
Similar legislation, sponsored by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), is under consideration in the Senate.
The Jewish Council for Public Affairs, the umbrella body for Jewish policy groups, has lobbied for both bills.
Justin Albers 08/12/2013 12:26 pm in Commentary
The Inside the Hall Mailbag is a collection of questions tweeted to us via Twitter (@Justin_Albers or @insidethehall) and sent to us via our Facebook page. Submit your questions and we'll answer as many as we can.
@jaktucke writes: Do you think CTC needs to adjust their strategy toward recruiting, esp regarding early offers? #iubb #ITHMailbag
There's been a lot of discussion about this since Blackmon Jr.'s decommitment, but quite frankly, I don't think they need to adjust anything. The simple fact is if you want to be a player on some of the nation's top recruits, you need to start early on some of them. Coaching staffs go into it with the mindset that some early offers will pan out and some won't. That's just how it is. Some kids will undoubtedly become stagnant in their development due to the early attention, and others will continue to work. Just because Trey Lyles and James Blackmon Jr. decommitted after making early commitments early doesn't mean Crean and their staff did anything wrong or should change their approach going forward. It happens. If Eron Gordon commits tomorrow, I don't think anyone's going to complain.
The “how early is too early” discussion is one we'll continue to have down the road because the recruiting process is going to continue to start earlier and earlier. By definition, the NCAA considers seventh and eighth graders recruitable prospects. — Justin Albers
@NoahWhyde writes: No chance at Blackmon?
I won't say no chance, but it's definitely a long shot. Less than 24 hours after James Blackmon Jr. announced their decision to reopen their recruitment, they had an offer from John Calipari and Kentucky. Their father played there, and I think there's a good chance he'll end up in Lexington. Plus, it seems Indiana is moving on from Blackmon Jr., given their pitch to Brooklyn guard Isaiah Whitehead. — Justin Albers
@All_Hoosiers writes: What are #iubb's realistic chances to land Whitehead? Any prediction on what the 2014 recruiting class will look like?
Even though they're getting in late, the Hoosiers are a factor in Whitehead's recruitment. They hadn't ever heard from Indiana coach Tom Crean before getting a phone call on Friday, but the two talked for almost an hour and Whitehead has significant interest in the program. They plan to take an official visit to Bloomington next month. Whitehead is the type of kid that definitely noticed the Hoosiers put two players in the top four of June's NBA Draft. Getting to the NBA is their No. 1 priority for selecting a college, so I think Indiana will be a major player with him.
As far as what the 2014 recruiting class will look like, that's a little harder to answer. I do think Indiana is in great shape with big man Michael Humphrey and guard Robert Johnson. Indiana also seems to be in good shape with guys like Quentin Snider, Whitehead and LeRon Black, who will reportedly visit next month. I see it as a three-player class. — Justin Albers
@JenGawne writes: Is it (recruiting) this much of a roller coaster every year?
Not this much of a roller coaster because you don't always have a decommitment, but ups and downs are typical of the recruiting trail. That's just how it is. You're going to win some and lose some. — Justin Albers
@Rich_Park writes: What are the odds we get Stephen Zimmerman? Haven't seen their name thrown around IU recruiting discussions.
It's still really early in the game for Zimmerman, especially as it pertains to Indiana. The Hoosiers didn't offer until July, and they continue to be suited by many of the nation's top programs. Indiana's development of Cody Zeller should help with the pursuit of Zimmerman, but it's far too early in the process to give any sort of accurate odds on the Hoosiers landing him. — Justin Albers
@hoopstrainer writes: It seems combo guard is a priority. Who is the priority for 2014? Exum, Johnson, Whitehead, or other?
I don't know that there's any one “priority” in the 2014 class. Exum is a priority, but their stock in the 2014 NBA Draft is rising. At this point, I'll say Robert Johnson is the Hoosiers' guard priority. They will take a visit to Bloomington in less than two weeks. — Justin Albers
@jusgolds writes: Any idea when the schedule will be released?
Watch for it sometime later in August once the Big Ten schedule is released. Indiana plans to release the rest of its' non-conference games at that time. — Justin Albers
@scottybower writes: Which IUBB targets have said when they would announce?
That's a hard one to answer because you never quite know when a kid will commit. They may say one thing, be blown away by a visit, and then change their timetable. Troy Williams was that way last year. With that said, Whitehead, Johnson, Snider and Humphrey have all said they plan to decide by November. Exum will likely take a little longer, if they decide to attend college. — Justin Albers
@JasonGBrewer writes: Do you think fan posts on social media really has any impact (positive or negative) on recruits?
I don't know for sure, but I don't think it has a major impact. Attention from fans on Twitter, positive or negative, may be a small factor at times — Indiana recruits always mention the fans — but I doubt that's one of the major things they consider when making their decision. — Justin Albers
@FireJoelOsteen writes: With Blackmon out, Ahmed Hill should be more interested in IU, but the offer to Whitehead suggests they are not. Thoughts?
Great point. We hadn't heard much about them lately, so I got in touch with Hill on Sunday afternoon. They said they still hear from Indiana, but not as much as before. They had previously mentioned Indiana as one of the four schools pursuing them the hardest. Hill said Crean texted them after Blackmon Jr. decommitted to ask if they were still serious about the Hoosiers. Their response: “Of course. Since day one.”
They told me they don't yet know if they will take a visit to Bloomington, but didn't know Whitehead had been offered. My guess is Crean and their staff have been intrigued by Whitehead's strong summer and they have passed Hill on their wish list. Just a guess, but that's my take. — Justin Albers
HoosierAsh (forum subscriber) writes: What are the chances of IU getting seriously involved with Bryant McIntosh from Greensburg and is IU recruiting Tucker Blackwell at all at this point?
Indiana has contacted McIntosh, but have not yet offered them a scholarship. I think he's probably a guy they wait on to see how things develop at this point, but the Hoosiers would be a major player in their recruitment if they do offer. — Justin Albers
Filed to: Isaiah Whitehead, James Blackmon Jr., Tom Crean
Staffers who work for [crscore]Ted Cruz[/crscore]'s campaign are beginning to panic over the outcome of Indiana's primary Tuesday, a new report claims.
Several staffers — who spoke on the condition of anonymity — said they are worried the senator from Texas is one loss away from defeat and credited it to Donald Trump's significant lead in the state.
A senior aide said that while the campaign had not discussed dropping out, “Cruz wouldn't be likely to stay in if there was no longer any chance for them to win.” (RELATED: Caitlyn Jenner's Friends Won't Tolerate Him Endorsing A Republican)
However, Cruz sounded confident about their chances during a campaign stop in California this weekend.
“At this point, no one is getting to 1,237,” Cruz said. “I'm not getting to 1,237 before the convention, but neither is Donald Trump.”
57 delegates are at stake in Indiana. (RELATED: Heidi Cruz Finally Addresses Rumors That Them Husband Is The Zodiac Killer)
Former Montana Cannabis Partner Gets 5 Years Probation
HELENA, MT — Chris Lindsey, president of the medical marijuana advocacy group Montana Cannabis Industry Association, was sentenced Friday to 5 years probation for their role in operating Montana Cannabis, a medical marijuana dispensary that was raided by federal agents in 2011.
U.S. District Judge Dana Christensen also ordered Lindsey to undergo regular drug testing, complete 200 hours of community service, stay away from firearms and forfeit $288,000 in bank accounts held under the name Montana Caregivers Association. As part of the sentence, Lindsey may not use marijuana and they will be under house arrest for the first three months of their sentence.
Lindsey faced up to 20 years in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to maintain drug premises.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
Lindsey was one of four partners in Montana Cannabis, a marijuana dispensary raided in the state wide raids in 2011. Partner Thomas Dauberts was also sentenced to probation.
Partner Chris Williams, the only marijuana provider arrested in the crackdown to go to trial, was found guilty of eight drug and weapons charges. They made a post-conviction plea deal with prosecutors and faces a mandatory minimum of five years when they are sentenced on Feb. 1.
The fourth partner, Richard Flor, died in federal custody in August while serving a 5 year prison sentence.
Tags: Department of Justice
The 49ers are not a team that overvalues draft prospects' workouts at the scouting combine. Rather, the week in Indianapolis serves more value in getting to know players through their individual meetings and medical examinations.
The rest of the evaluating is done by watching game film. In fact, the 49ers keep the majority of their scouting department in the Bay Area to digest tape while general manager Trent Baalke, director of college scouting Matt Malaspina and coaches get to know prospects on a face-to-face basis at the combine.
So, what is there to glean from the combine relating to the 49ers, who are picking 15th overall? In concrete, not much.
But as the unofficial start to the draft season (a very long one at that), it's time to start putting together some thoughts on which direction San Francisco can go in the first round with the 15th pick. Like every year, things will change dramatically as the process wears on before the draft's first night April 30.
Outside speed
There is speed to be had in the group of receivers, particularly in the early going of the first round. The 49ers might have to move up significantly, perhaps into the top 6, if they want either of the two top receiving prospects in this class.
West Virginia's Kevin White (6-3, 215) ran an impressive 4.35 in the 40-yard dash, flashing an elite combination of size and speed that might be enough to vault them past Alabama's Amari Cooper (6-1, 211), who ran a not-so-slow 4.42. Cooper entered the weekend viewed by many as the top receiver available. But White's physicality and speed may have changed that over the weekend.
It might be a matter of taste for either the Raiders, Washington, or Jets at the 4-6 spots when it comes to choosing White or Cooper. Both could step into a significant role on the 49ers from the jump, but moving that high has not been something Baalke has been willing to do since they started calling the shots in the draft room in 2010.
Luckily for San Francisco, the 2015 class is deep yet again after the team decided not to draft a wideout until the fourth round (Bruce Ellington) last spring. Last year's class of receivers is turning out to be one of the best in recent history. This year, the 49ers could have their choice between Louisville's DeVante Parker (4.45), Arizona State's Jaelan Strong (4.44) or Ohio State's Devin Smith (4.42) at 15 without having to sacrifice additional picks to trade up.
They could move into the later stages of the first round or wait until the second to find their receiver, if they don't address the position with a trade or free agency. Players like Miami's Phillip Dorsett (4.33, second fastest among receivers) and Georgia's Chris Conley (4.35) could be had later, allowing the 49ers to use their 15th pick on a cornerback, edge pass rusher, or defensive lineman.
Dorsett is an interesting player. They don't have the size of prototypical of a franchise receiver. They stand 5-10 and 185 pounds, but projects the ability to stretch the field, which has been San Francisco's glaring weakness in recent seasons. The 49ers can use the example of Cardinals' receiver John Brown, who used their speed to score twice against San Francisco in their win last September. Brown (5-10, 179) ran a 4.34 in last year's combine before Arizona took them in the third round.
Parker, Strong and Smith more closely resemble franchise-type receivers that would be on the field on all downs, not just in three or four-receiver sets. If the 49ers lose Michael Crabtree to free agency, they might be more inclined to find a bigger, more physical receiver than Dorsett that projects as a full-time starter. It's also important to keep in mind Anquan Boldin, 34, is entering the last year of their contract. And the team would like to give Stevie Johnson healthy competition for a prominent role in training camp if they return with their $6.025 cap hit.
The wild card is former Missouri and Oklahoma receiver Dorial Green-Beckham, who we took a look at last week. Defensive stoppers
There's one player projected to go in the first round of the draft that might have been built by Baalke himself, with one caveat. Oregon's defensive lineman Arik Armstead (6-8, 290) has all the tools Baalke loves in a defensive end for the team's 3-4 scheme. He's strong, long, athletic, and projects to be one of the most physically gifted players of the draft. The big players that do their work in the trenches seem to be in Baalke's wheelhouse. Armstead has the makings of someone that could play for a long time in the role of Ray McDonald or Justin Smith, who is mulling retirement.
However, Armstead's production during college doesn't stand out. The Sacramento area native notched just four sacks and 10.5 tackles for loss during their three seasons with the Ducks. But they showed versatility, lining up at all three defensive line positions at various times throughout their career with a knack of pushing linemen into the backfield. As they mature, many believe they will become a dominant player.
The caveat: Armstead reportedly has just 33-inch arms. While long, 33 inches isn't ideal for someone as tall as Armstead. Baalke's love for long arms has been well documented, and connected to their infatuation with Aldon Smith (35 3/8-inch arms) before they were taken seventh overall in 2011.
Still, it's hard to imagine Baalke passing a player with as much upside as Armstead at 15, who many have pegged going in the top 10, including as early to the Atlanta Falcons at eighth overall. The 49ers reportedly met with Armstead at the combine.
Aside from Armstead, the pickings are slim along the defensive line for players projected to go early in the first round that would be a fit in the 49ers' scheme. Texas' Malcolm Brown (6-2, 320) is another versatile player who has skills to play in either a 3-4 or 4-3 front. But their size indicates they would be a nose tackle in the 49ers' scheme, which would be on the field for roughly 40 percent of snaps.
Washington's Danny Shelton (6-1, 343), will likely be the second defensive lineman off the board after USC's Leonard Williams (6-5, 300). Like the receivers White and Cooper, the 49ers would have to jump up significantly to land either Shelton or Williams, who could go as high as second overall to the Tennessee Titans.
Edge Pass Rushers
If the 49ers wanted to add a pass rusher to compliment Aldon Smith, Aaron Lynch, and Ahmad Brooks, if they are brought back next season, they shouldn't have any problem finding a player with that skill set with their 15th pick.
None of the players projected to go early have the same dimensions as Lynch or Smith. Both were tall, angular defensive ends in college who transitioned to outside linebacker in the pros. But there are a few players that rushed the edge that could fit into that role with San Francisco for depth.
Florida's Donte Fowler (6-2, 271), Clemson's Vic Beasley (6-2, 235), Kentucky's Bud Dupree (6-4, 269) could all be around at 15. Missouri's Shane Ray (6-3, 245) and Nebraska's Randy Gregory (6-6, 245) will likely go well before the 49ers pick.
Pass rusher isn't on the list of immediate needs for San Francisco considering they have their projected starters in Smith and Lynch heading into the new year. But with the futures of Brooks and pending free agent Dan Skuta in the air, the team could afford some depth at outside linebacker to push Corey Lemonier for their roster spot after a disappointing sophomore season.
Based on their size, Fowler and Dupree appear to be the best fits at the position. But recent history would suggest the 49ers might be unwilling to use a first-round pick on a player that doesn't have a chance to start - or play a significant role in a sub package - right away. As long as Smith and Lynch are healthy, they will play in both base and nickel sets next season.
Cornerback
For the second-straight season, the 49ers could lose two of their top three corners in free agency. Chris Culliver and Perrish Cox are both entering free agency next month, which could make cornerback a top priority come draft time. They invested in four defensive backs last season - Jimmie Ward, Dontae Johnson, Kenneth Acker and Keith Reaser - with Johnson being the only player to finish the season healthy with a significant role. Reaser (ACL) and Acker (stress fracture) both missed their rookie seasons, becoming the latest 49ers to red shirt in their first years.
The salary cap is expected to jump from $133 to $143 million next season. But that might not help San Francisco as much as it would seem. They are facing significant raises for Colin Kaepernick ($3.7 million in 2014, $15 million next season) and Smith ($3.3 million in '14, $9.75 million in '15), putting them at $142.86 million before the start of free agency, according to overthecap.com.
Without getting into too many gory details, that could change in number of ways in the coming weeks, including via cuts and restructures. Bottom line: the 49ers might have a hard time finding ways to bring back both Culliver and Cox.
Picking at 15, San Francisco might be in position to take the best player at the position. After the combine, that player looks like Michigan State's Trae Waynes (6-0, 186), who plays physically while still having the speed to keep up with some of the league's fastest wideouts.
Waynes ran a blazing 4.31 at the combine, which would make them the fastest player on the 49ers' roster. Their lone weakness during their final standout season with the Spartans was nine penalties.
San Francisco could tap LSU in the first round again with Jalen Collins (6-1, 203), who might not be as fast was Waynes - they ran a 4.48 - but has more length. Their 32 1/8-inch arms give them ideal dimensions for what Baalke typically looks for in press corners for the 49ers' scheme. Collins is viewed as a player that relies on more talent than technique, who could develop into the best corner in the draft.
Another option at 15 could be Washington's Marcus Peters (6-0, 197), who ran a 4.53 and has talent comparable Waynes and Collins. The knock on Peters, however, is their attitude. They were suspended for a game last season for a sideline incident during a game following a personal foul penalty, before eventually getting kicked off the team for clashing with the coaching staff. Peters, a first-round talent, will likely fall to the second or third round.
A lot will change between now and draft day. And we will dive deeper into positional needs and further into the prospects leading up to the draft. The 49ers have a number of areas to address, and nine draft picks, which gives us plenty to think about before the end of April.
.more-stories {margin:20px 0;} .more-stories a{display:block;width:100%; background:#efb900;height: 52px;text-align:center;line-height:44px;color:#202020; text-decoration:none;text-transform:uppercase;font-family:bebas_neue;font-size:20px;position:relative;overflow:hidden;letter-spacing:2px;-webkit-transition:all .15s ease-in;transition:all .2s ease-in;border:3px solid #efb900;}.more-stories a:hover{color:#fff;background:0 0;letter-spacing:3px;background:#121212;border:3px solid #121212;} @media (max-width: 600px) { .more-stories a {height:auto !important;line-height:1.4em;padding:10px;} }
see what 49ers fans are saying here
Next story:
Tomsula needs Smith, Gore to return to 49ers
[MEDIA:1482851]
E-mail Niners Digest: NinersDigest@gmail.com
Follow Editor-in-Chief Chris Biderman on Twitter.
Get updates from Niners Digest by following here and become a subscriber to receive access to premium content and analysis.
This is something I didn't expect from Korg but could be cool for "continuity" thing - starting making track on ipad and continue working on it on a laptop. But what is really cool is that all the gadgets will be available as stand alone plugins.
And take a look at this screenshot:
First thing I've noticed is Audio clips - something I was waiting in Gadget for a long time.. And from the Korg website: "Two new gadgets provide long-awaited audio recording". I'm wondering when Gadget for iOS will be updated?
Here's an official announcement from Korg website:
The award winning KORG Gadget music production iOS app is soon to be released for the Mac. Building on the smooth operability and intuitive user interface of the iOS version, "KORG Gadget for Mac” provides a new dimension of inspiration for every creative artist. The Mac version also comes with "Gadget Plug-In Collection," a magnificent collection of plug-ins that support AU, VST, AAX, and NKS. With KORG Gadget, you can use the Mac version at home and the iOS version when you are mobile, letting you enjoy a seamless workflow and ideal music production experience. The care that KORG has paid to hardware instruments over more than 50 years of experience has been channeled into the powerful cutting-edge musical software that is KORG Gadget. Now, the ultimate all-in-one music production studio extends its scope to a new platform and brings a new level of music making for Mac users everywhere.
Main features of KORG Gadget for Mac
* Award winning KORG Gadget currently iOS only will soon be available for Mac.
* The ultimate Gadget collection includes all of the more than 30 gadgets.
* Intuitive and simple operation that delivers powerful music production
* Power users can get back to the basics, beginners can jump right into great music making.
* Takes advantage of the large screen with a single-window four-split (divided in four) screen design.
* Comes with "Gadget Plug-in Collection," a magnificent collection of plug-ins that support AU, VST, AAX, and NKS.
* Two new gadgets provide long-awaited audio recording.
* A new powerful drum gadget with 16 pads.
* Supports the latest technology including Allihoopa, Ableton Link, and Bluetooth MIDI.
* Seamless connection between KORG Gadget for iOS and KORG Gadget for Mac enables a smooth workflow so you can produce music anytime and anywhere.
Fifa has named a track by Pitbull and Jennifer Lopez as the official anthem for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
We Are One (Ole Ola), which also features Brazilian singer Claudia Leitte, will be performed at the opening ceremony at the Arena de São Paulo on 12 June.
The track will be released later this year in the lead up to the World Cup.
It will also be included on the upcoming official 2014 Fifa World Cup album.
I'm sure, like me, millions of football and music fans all over the world will be eagerly awaiting the song's release Jerome Valcke Fifa General Secretary
Pitbull said: "I truly believe that this great game and the power of music will help unify us, because we are best when we are one."
The 33-year-old singer, also known as Mr Worldwide, has had 11 top 10 tracks in the Official Singles Chart to date.
Their most recent single, Timber which features Kesha, was the first number one of 2014.
"I grew up in a house that loved football, so I am thrilled to be performing at the World Cup Opening Ceremonies with Pitbull and Claudia Leitte," said Jennifer Lopez.
"This is an amazing celebration of global unity, competition and the sport."
The last Fifa World Cup song for the South Africa tournament in 2010 was Waka Waka by Shakira.
The track peaked at number 21 in the Official Singles Chart and the video has been viewed almost 600 million times on YouTube.
Talking about this year's track, Fifa General Secretary Jerome Valcke added: "In my many visits to this country I've seen and heard a lot about the great Brazilian music tradition and it gives me great pleasure to see a Brazilian artist at the heart of this song.
"I'm sure, like me, millions of football and music fans all over the world will be eagerly awaiting the song's release."
England have been drawn in Group B for the World Cup with Uruguay, Italy and Costa Rica.
Their first game, which is against Italy, will be played on 14 June.
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter
Ryan Sessegnon has continued to improve for Fulham this season
Fulham's Ryan Sessegnon is Tottenham's number one left-back target to potentially replace Danny Rose, Sky Sports News understands.
Although Rose has patched up their relationship with manager Mauricio Pochettino following their summer outburst, the 27-year-old's long-term future at Spurs remains uncertain.
Rose was left out of the matchday squad for the second successive Premier League game on Saturday and Pochettino insists they have been protecting their fitness as they continue to recover from a serious knee injury.
Rose started against Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League last week and is expected to play against Leicester on Tuesday, but they recently stated they were "fuming" at being dropped from the squad to play Arsenal.
WATCH: Mauricio Pochettino says they have been protecting Danny Rose' fitness WATCH: Mauricio Pochettino says they have been protecting Danny Rose' fitness
Spurs have been interested in the 17-year-old Sessegnon for more than a year and made a number of inquiries into their availability over the summer, last January, and the summer of 2016, according to Sky sources.
Pochettino is understood to be a huge fan of the England U19, who established themselves in Fulham's first-team last season and then signed their first pro-deal at Craven Cottage. They can play anywhere on the left-hand side.
Luke Shaw is understood to be Pochettino's second choice target
Manchester United's Luke Shaw, with whom Pochettino worked at Southampton, is understood to be the second-choice-target.
Shaw has struggled with injuries since joining United in a £27m deal in 2014 and has been unable to break into Jose Mourinho's plans ahead of Ashley Young, but Pochettino would be confident of rediscovering the 22-year-old's potential.
United were also one of two clubs along with Chelsea that Rose was keen to join if Spurs had let them leave in the summer, Sky Sports News understands, but Mourinho is also thought to be a Sessegnon admirer.
A longtime partner and sponsor in Indy car racing, MillerCoors has reached a multiyear partnership agreement with INDYCAR that will see the second-largest brewer in the United States become the official beer and cider of INDYCAR and activate its status in many Verizon IndyCar Series race markets.
“We're delighted to welcome MillerCoors back to INDYCAR and excited to add another commercial partner to the Verizon IndyCar Series,” said Mark Miles, CEO of Hulman & Co., the parent of INDYCAR and Indianapolis Motor Speedway. “The key to this partnership is MillerCoors' plans to activate in many of our race markets, which we're confident is an essential component in furthering the momentum of the Verizon IndyCar Series this season.”
Coors Light will serve as the lead brand of the INDYCAR partnership, but other MillerCoors products will be integrated into the program.
MillerCoors brands have enjoyed iconic status in Indy car racing dating to the 1970s when Miller Brewing Company began a team sponsorship role that lasted nearly three decades. Drivers the caliber of Al Unser, Danny Sullivan and Bobby Rahal all raced with sponsorship from Miller brands, including Sullivan's improbable “spin and win” performance in the 1985 Indianapolis 500-Mile Race that remains today as one of the favorites in Indy 500 lore.
Sullivan (1988) and Rahal (1992) each drove to an Indy car season championship carrying the colors of Miller brands. Miller was also a longtime race title sponsor of the annual Indy car race at The Milwaukee Mile.
The Coors brands debuted in Indy car racing with another legend, Al Unser Jr., whose first season of competition in 1983 came with Coors Light sponsorship. Unser Jr. won the first of their two Indianapolis 500s in 1992 with sponsorship from Molson, another MillerCoors brand. Other Indy car drivers who have raced Indy cars with sponsorship from Coors brands include Pancho Carter, Robby Gordon, Buddy Lazier and reigning Verizon IndyCar Series champion Scott Dixon.
The MillerCoors relationship with Hulman & Co. began with Indianapolis Motor Speedway and the Indianapolis 500 under the Miller Lite brand. MillerCoors is the official beer sponsor of IMS, and will present the May 27 Miller Lite Carb Day and the Coors Light Snake Pit concert on race day.
Today's announcement furthers an already strong relationship with the Verizon IndyCar Series. In February, MillerCoors announced that Coors Light would be the official beer of the Grand Prix of Boston Powered by LogMeIn this September. The brewer also will be an associate sponsor with Penske Racing on Juan Pablo Montoya's car for the 100th Running of the Indianapolis 500 presented by PennGrade Motor Oil, through its Henry's Hard Soda brand.
“Becoming the official beer sponsor of the Verizon IndyCar Series perfectly rounds out our activation and consumer engagement with the sport,” said Adam Dettman, director of sports and entertainment marketing at MillerCoors. “Whether it's through the league sponsorship, track and race alliances, or our long-standing partnership with Penske Racing, we'll use our portfolio of brands to connect with race fans and add to the excitement surrounding the sport.”
The 2016 Verizon IndyCar Series season continues with the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach on April 17 and includes the highly anticipated 100th Running of the Indianapolis 500 on May 29. For information on the series, its 16-race schedule and the 100th Running of the Indy 500, visit www.indycar.com. For more information on MillerCoors, visit MillerCoors.com.
To view more classic MillerCoors cars, visit the PHOTO GALLERY.
While they might have been enemies in real life, in a twist of fate, Tsar Nicholas II and the Bolshevik leader of 1917 October revolution, Vladimir Lenin, have been sharing one canvas for almost a century.
The secret double nature of the painting was discovered by pure chance during restoration works at the St. Petersburg's Stieglitz Art and Industry Academy.
The full-length Lenin portrait was commissioned in 1924, the year Lenin died, to the Soviet artist Vladislav Izmailovich, who is believed to have been ordered to cover politically inappropriate image with Lenin. However, the artist apparently decided there's a room for both revolutionary hero and monarch on the canvas, painting the Lenin portrait on the reverse side while at the same time masking the image of Nicholas II from inquisitive eye beneath layers of washable paint.
"The artist [Vladislav Izmailovich] who painted Lenin was a very good artist. Even then they understood that times were changing and so they used washable paints and painted several layers and in so doing saved a beautiful portrait of Nicholas II. They clearly understood that they were risking their lives for it, because in those times if somebody, spotted them whilst they were doing it and didn't trust them they would be shot," Vasily Kichedzhi, Rector at Stieglitz Art and Industry Academy, told RT's Ruptly video agency.
The unveiled Nicholas II's portrait was commissioned in 1896 to Russian artist Ilya Galkin to mark the year of the last Russian Emperor's ascension to the throne.
Before renovation the two-side artwork had been kept in a city school for almost 70 years. According to an Academy representative, the Lenin painting was damaged in the 70s but only put to restoration in 2013. The stunning discovery was made after X-ray scan showed a second face right next to Lenin's.
The director of the school museum, Svetlana Pasynkova has recalled, that in 2013, when Romanov Imperial House celebrated its 300th anniversary, some of the school's graduates suddenly recounted that they saw a man's high boot where a piece of the painting had been ripped off. That was a first step on the road to the eventual revelation, as Lenin was portrayed in shoes.
Upon conclusion of restoration works, the painting will be put on public display as one piece in the Academy building from November 27.
“We cannot go against history and separate the paintings,” Acedemy representative explained the decision speaking to RIA Novosti.
After weeks of mounting speculation - and a rumored competing bid by rivals Comcast Corp. and Verizon that never materialized - Disney and 21st Century Fox announced early Thursday that the former would acquire most of the latter's entertainment assets in a deal worth $52.4 billion, according to the official press release.
Here's what Disney is buying, according to the release:
Combining with Disney are 21st Century Fox's critically acclaimed film production businesses, including Twentieth Century Fox, Fox Searchlight Pictures and Fox 2000, which together offer diverse and compelling storytelling businesses and are the homes of Avatar, X-Men, Fantastic Four and Deadpool, as well as The Grand Budapest Hotel, Hidden Figures, Gone Girl, The Shape of Water and The Martian—and its storied television creative units, Twentieth Century Fox Television, FX Productions and Fox21, which have brought The Americans, This Is Us, Modern Family, The Simpsons and so many more hit TV series to viewers across the globe. Disney will also acquire FX Networks, National Geographic Partners, Fox Sports Regional Networks, Fox Networks Group International, Star India and Fox's interests in Hulu, Sky plc, Tata Sky and Endemol Shine Group.
Fox will then spin off the Fox Broadcasting network, Fox News, Fox Business, FS1, FS2 and Big Ten Network to its shareholders into a newly listed company. Under the terms of the agreement, shareholders of 21st Century Fox will receive 0.2745 Disney shares for each 21st Century Fox shares they hold. Disney will also assume approximately $13.7 billion of net debt of 21st Century Fox.
Meanwhile, Robert Iger, who was supposed to retire at the end of next year, will stay on to lead the Disney until at least 2021 (at this point, the long-time CEO, who has blown through many planned retirement dates, might lead the House of Mouse for the remainder of their natural life).
The deal is the largest ever in Disney's history, and comes just a day before the release of "The Last Jedi" the latest installment in its lucrative "Star Wars" series - a franchise it acquired a few years back.
According to the press release, "the acquisition is expected to yield at least $2 billion in cost savings from efficiencies realized through the combination of businesses, and to be accretive to earnings before the impact of purchase accounting for the second fiscal year after the close of the transaction."
Furthermore, as part of the transaction higlights, there appears to be a "fudge factor" related to the company's tax liabilities, which are clearly in flux as a result of the ongoing tax reform drama. This is how Disney plans to resolve this uncertainty:
Terms of the transaction call for Disney to issue approximately 515 million new shares to 21st Century Fox shareholders, representing approximately a 25% stake in Disney on a pro forma basis. The per-share consideration is subject to adjustment for certain tax liabilities arising from the spinoff and other transactions related to the acquisition. The initial exchange ratio of 0.2745 Disney shares for each 21st Century Fox share was set based on an estimate of such tax liabilities to be covered by an $8.5 billion cash dividend to 21st Century Fox from the company to be spun off. The exchange ratio will be adjusted immediately prior to closing of the acquisition based on an updated estimate of such tax liabilities . Such adjustment could increase or decrease the exchange ratio, depending upon whether the final estimate is lower or higher, respectively, than the initial estimate. However, if the final estimate of the tax liabilities is lower than the initial estimate, the first $2 billion of that adjustment will instead be made by net reduction in the amount of the cash dividend to 21st Century Fox from the company to be spun off. The amount of such tax liabilities will depend upon several factors, including tax rates in effect at the time of closing as well as the value of the company to be spun off.
Fox will keep its studio plot in LA and much of its real-estate holdings.
(Courtesy of Bloomberg)
Rupert Murdoch, the longtime chairperson of 21st Century Fox, said: “I'm convinced that this combination, under Bob Iger's leadership, will be one of the greatest companies in the world. I'm grateful and encouraged that Bob has agreed to stay on, and is committed to succeeding with a combined team that is second to none."
As the Financial Times pointed out, the deal will end Murdoch's long association with Hollywood and represents a division between the media mogul and their youngest son, James, Fox's chief executive. The two companies did not comment on their future but James is likely to leave Fox upon completion of the sale.
Disney said it would seek $2 billion in cost savings from the deal. It expects Fox to complete its takeover of pan-European TV group Sky by the end of the first half of next year. Disney will end up as the ultimate owner of Sky as long as that transaction completes before Disney's deal.
According to the New York Times, Disney, which owns ABC and ESPN, hopes 21st Century will supercharge its plans to introduce two Netflix-style streaming services. The company's first major streaming effort, ESPN Plus, will arrive in the spring.
A second and still unnamed offering, built around the company's Disney, Marvel, Lucasfilm and Pixar brands, will likely be introduced late next year. Both Fox and Disney already own stakes in Hulu, a paid streaming service that already includes ABC content. Iger is personally buying out Fox's minority stake in Hulu.
How did this James Madison University alumnus do it? "Attack it and pay off as much as you can, as quick as you can."
(DURHAM, N.C.) — A 28-year-old accountant from North Carolina is debt free after paying off all their student loans in less than four years.
Logan Marston, who lives in Durham, told ABC News that they settled 10 loans that totaled $73,372.
In May 2012, they received a bachelor's degree in accounting from James Madison University and completed their master's degree in accounting from the university a year later.
When it was time to pay off their loans, Marston admitted that even they were surprised at the high amount of debt they owed.
“I guess I had an idea in my head it was going to be five figures, but I didn't know it was going to be as much as it was,” they said. “I accrued at least $6,000 in new interest from the time I started paying them off in December 2013 to when I finally finished in May [2017].”
Marston said it was the interest they were paying that motivated them to minimize the total amount owed as “quickly as possible.”
After landing a job as an accountant, they began paying off the debt in December 2013, they said.
“There wasn't any kind of secret strategy or secret formula,” Marston said. “I was just living as humbly as possible — splitting rent with roommates, and doing everything I could to save money. I kept a very low cash reserve. I didn't have any emergency cash. Whatever I saved, I paid the loans with it. No unnecessary spending once so ever.”
They said they took advantage of a 0.25 percent interest rate reduction by signing up for an automatic repayment plan.
On average, they said they were able to pay from $1,000 to $1,500 a month extra toward their loans, in addition to the $796 standard payment that they were charged each month.
Marston elected to not consolidate the 10 loans because they found motivation in paying each one off separately and in full, they said.
For each loan, they received a letter confirming that the amount was paid off in full.
A James Madison University collections manager wrote a letter to Marston in September 2014, confirming that their Perkins student loan had been paid in full. The letter, shared with ABC News, was verified by a collections manager.
Marston's father, Jeff Marston, told ABC News that they knew their son would be responsible and pay of the debt, but never expected them to settle as quickly as they did.
“I couldn't pay for their school, I wasn't able to, but I had no idea he'd pay it off in three years,” said Jeff Marston, 55, of Ruckersville, Virginia. “I'm happy for him. They did away with the wants and applied themselves to the needs and that's what it takes. Now, the wants will come.”
As for advice to other graduates looking to rid themselves of debt, Marston said to pay off the loans with the highest interest rate first.
“Attack it and pay off as much as you can, as quick as you can,” they said. “Don't think there's some secret out there that only savvy people know. It's just discipline and anyone can achieve what I achieved.”
Here are some quick tips from Marston for paying off student loans:
– Manage your spending: Ask yourself, do I really need this? You're better off putting that money toward your loan payment.
– Don't be intimidated: Don't let the amount lead you to not take action, or ignore it. Try to pay more than just the minimum.
– Have a budget: Know what money you have coming in each month and how much of it is going toward bills. For whatever you have left over, come up with a goal for how much you want to put toward the loan repayments.
“If you say, ‘I want to put $500 toward the loan,' then stick to it,” Marston said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Some might say it was a bold move for Ouya's Tadhg Kelly to dub their talk at this year's Casual Connect Europe in Amsterdam 'rise of the microconsoles', but there's reason to believe 2014 could be a more potent year.
Not because anything around the microconsole scene is going to radically change in the months ahead  Ouya is, they admitted, still finding its feet.
Rather, it's the debate that's surrounded microconsoles and their role in the industry in 2013 that should start to shift.
For one, tech journalists aplenty have become fixated with the idea that microconsoles are direct rivals to new machines from Sony, Microsoft and Valve, Kelly argued, but the two scenes actually cater for different markets.
Big meets small
"Most consoles are pitched as the IMAX of gaming," Kelly opened. "They're pushed as the most blistering experience you'll ever have and, as a result, they're seen as the big domain of big players.
"Console operates on a very big scale and, much like Hollywood, that can make it difficult for the smaller guys to break into."
Affectionately labelling consoles as "dumb games computers", Kelly said the current buzz around the launches of PS4 and Xbox One would have you believe that the console model is incredibly successful.
That's not necessarily the case longterm, they argued.
"All three major console makes seem to continually exist in a world of near total collapse," they added, pointing to Nintendo's Wii U difficulties, calls from investors for Microsoft to pull out of the games race and Sony's sticky habit of posting major losses.
For many, the console market is unsustainable in its current form.
"A microconsole is a lot of things that aren't that, essentially," they continued. "It's still a dumb console, but one that's a bit smarter. Ouya pretty much actively encourages users to break it open and mod it  it operates more as a hacker's box rather than just a dumb entertainment channel."
Race to a million
Kelly claimed that the rise of Xbox One and PS4 is actually deflecting attention away from a microconsole scene that's still in its difficult formative stages.
And, in the case of Ouya, those formative stages have proved more fruitful than many would have you believe.
"I'm not here to talk numbers, but I can say we've sold more units than people think," they continued, pointing to a total of 650 games and 32,000 registered developers.
"A lot of people also think Ouya is just a Towerfall playing machine, but that's not even our most played game - Amazing Frog is."
Kelly admitted that Ouya "doesn't have a million seller" on its books just yet, also going as far as to claim that the fresh nature of microconsoles means Ouya is a "messy" proposition right now, but the machine still has notable advantages for developers.
"We don't have a lot of hoops for you to jump through  if you send the APK to us, we basically load it up and check it doesn't crash, and then you're good to go," they added, claiming that said open nature leads to a level of variety in content that console's just don't boast.
A matter of myths
But what of Ouya's difficult first year? Surely the platform's marketplace is just full of cheap Android games made for mobile that don't work on the big screen?
"This is something a lot of developers get hung up on, but consumers don't care that Ouya runs Android. To them it's just an operating system  so what. It doesn't mean that it only plays mobile games," they concluded.
Another Ouya myth, Kelly argued, was that TV is dying. "People may not watch as much live TV any more, but they still have TVs that you can plug games machines into, and I don't think there's a plan to stop making TVs any time soon."
Kelly did admit, however, that microconsoles do not yet offer the scale of downloads developers can enjoy on mobile.
"It's not the case that people should take their 50 strong dev teams and start making microconsole games exclusively  it doesn't have that kind of scale just yet," they concluded, pushing Ouya instead as an "accelerator platform" for indie outfits.
"It's a good platform to make low scale investments in the future. But, if you do have something more significant to offer, come talk to us, because we are always looking for more content."
Luke Macfarlane broke our hearts in the first season of Killjoys, but we're thrilled they are already working on season two. The bad news? We'll have to wait six months for those episodes. The good news? Macfarlane is back on our TVs Sunday night opposite Awkward‘s Nikki DeLoachÂ in Christmas Land, a very sweet, fun Christmas movie for Hallmark Channel. And next month, he's on PBS in the Civil War era miniseries/limited series Mercy Street. I jumped on the phone with MacfarlaneÂ this week to talk about their projects.
Christmas Land is Macfarlane's second outingÂ for Hallmark after 2014's The Memory Book (when I interviewed them the first time), and it was aÂ super-fast turnaround. They just wrapped filming in November and were able to take advantage of an early winter in Salt Lake City, which helped them set the tone.
Macfarlane had a ball working on the movie. “My agent is really goodÂ at being in touch with the folks at Hallmark Channel. They thought of me [for this]. I did [The Memory Book]Â and didn't do a terrible job, so they gave me another crack at it,” they laugh. “It's great because the Christmas movies are a big part of the Hallmark tradition. It was an honor to be asked because it's a whole other level of what Hallmark is known for.Â I jumped at the opportunity to do it.”
The movie was Macfarlane's first time working with DeLoach and they adored her.Â “Nikki is really special. I did the Google thing [before we started work]. She's so grounded and such an honest, hardworking girl,” they say. “She's texting with their mother making sure Christmas things are arranged. She's a great mother. I really, really, really respected them and the way she's navigated the business as an actor. She's great and prepared and on the point.”
They were happy they didn't have to fake the cold weather,Â which made the shoot that much more special. “We were joking that you could see our cold breath so it made it especially cozy and authentic,” they say. “Most of the time, it's fake snow and it's the middle of the summer. We were the last one [filmed for this holiday season]. They made it work to get it done in time for Christmas.”
“They did an amazing job with the location. We found this beautiful old pioneer town that became the primary setting. You never know when you read the script how they're going to pull off this important set piece,” they explain. “It was these old facades, and with the smells, it was so cozy. It was especially exciting. The background players [in Salt Lake City] are the best I've ever worked with. They were so good. They had just lost Blood & Oil when we were there so there was a lot of disappointment about that.”
Macfarlane made a point to meet TV icon Maureen McCormick, who appears in flashbacks.Â “She was so lovely. I knocked on their trailer because we didn't have scenes together and said hello and an hour later, we were chatting about life and family and the business,” they recall. “She was so wonderful and kind and open-hearted. I really, really enjoyed her.”
Eagle-eyed viewers may have caught Macfarlane in a recent two-episode appearance on Supergirl, which they filmed earlier this fall before Christmas Land. Â They came to that through their connection to Greg Berlanti fromÂ Brothers & Sisters. “I'd worked with Greg before and I knew some of the people peripherally from auditioning. It was interesting because of my experience on Killjoys,” they say. “InÂ a way, they're both sci-fi shows with a strong female lead, but I'll tell you who had a bigger budget than we did.”
“It was really impressive and massive. Beautiful, beautiful sets, hardworking cast. It's always fun to get a little bit of a glimpse into that moment when the cast is hopeful and optimistic about the show. I got to catch up with Calista Flockhart. I'm veryÂ curious to see how it will continue to do, and on that network.”
Starting next month, we can see Macfarlane in Mercy Street, a Â Civil War-era drama with Josh Radnor and Elizabeth Winstead, which PBS is positioning as a pickup series for audiences anxious to fill a post-Downton Abbey void. Macfarlane plays a Chaplain, and they were happy to dive into such a historical piece.
“I'm super proud of this project. It's produced by Scott-Free, [it has] wonderful writers. I play Chaplain Hopkins, who was a Union Chaplain who worked at this hospital,” they explain. “It's essentially an Upstairs, Downstairs story of a hospital. Being a Civil War buff, I was very excited to live inside this world. It's a fantastic cast. I think PBS is looking to find something that whets the appetite of the Downton Abbey audience, which they'll be losing this year as the show goes off the air. I don't know howÂ official it is, but I understand they'd like to do one for every year of the war.”
Mercy Street isn't Macfarlane's firstÂ foray into period territory. They shot a miniseries for CBC a few years back called Iron Road,Â about the building of the railroad. [You can now buy that on DVDÂ in the U.S.; for a while there it was only available in Canada].
On a much darker note, I had to grill Macfarlane (good-naturedly, of course) about where D'avin ended up in the season finale of Killjoys, and where he'sÂ going in season twoÂ They were tight-lipped except to say that we will learn more about Level 6.Â I did get them to admit that three weeks into production, they have shot footage with Aaron Ashmore and Hannah John-Kamen but they laughed that they couldn't say whether the scenes were in the current timeline or a flashback. (Dammit!)
Macfarlane is beyond excited to be back at work. “[Season one] was such a positive experience. It continues to be. Almost our entire creative team came back, which I think is a testament to the show. It was such a great experience,” they share. “We're all energized by the fact that nobody's given us fistfuls of money and [set] super-duper high expectations. It's very fun to problem-solve within the constraints [we have].”
“Michelle [Lovretta] is so wickedly talented and they ‘s doing that very clever thing of creating a universe that can speak about contemporary issues in a deep, deep way. And they continue to do thatÂ in the secondÂ season. It's fantastic. It's really, truly, and sincerely a positive experience.”
They didn't know going in that Lovretta had planned to pull the trigger so early on Dutch and D'avin but they trusted their vision. “I think Michelle did this very smart thing where they wanted to get it over with. She's notÂ interested in love triangles. She's bored by the idea of two guys fighting over one girl. I think they wanted to acknowledge and recognize that these are two red-blooded people so let's get that story told.”
“I also felt like they were interested in exploring intimacy and violence and how close they can exist. It was hard to watch. When I finally saw it, [D'avin] actually hitting them was so upsetting, and the punches to the face with the sound effects were so brutal. But so much of the show is also about Dutch defining themselves with these very controlling men. She's trying to be a strong woman and still be feminine.Â Hannah John-KamenÂ isÂ so wickedly talented. I look at them with such awe.Â She's seven years younger than me. I'm blown away by their precision and focus.”
“I think Michelle's universe and the story they are interested in telling are so smart. And everything I've read this year is even better. I want life to get better for D'avin. One of the joys and difficulties of having a small cast [is that]Â we have to continue to tell stories within our small group. I'm loving this show. I hope it goes for five years. I really, really, real do.”
MacfarlaneÂ missed out on the 2015 convention circuit because they were booked back to back between their TV work and a play, but they look forward to doing them next year if scheduling permits. “I think it will be especially exciting to go to these things once the audience is familiar with the show,” they say.Â “I'm certainly open to it. Aaron says it's a very positive experience.”
Also holding a place on Macfarlane's dance card is the third season of The Night Shift. They hope they can return to the show after Killjoys wraps in April. “Gabe [Sachs] has been really open with me. I love doing that show. I want to [give them a window] and come do something with Brendan. I'm pitching myself,” they say. “I love being part of the show. I know how frustrating it wasÂ for fans [that my availability impacted the story].”
As an alumnus of Brothers & Sisters, Macfarlane has done the traditional 22-episode season on a network, and he's loving the flexibility afforded by the short seasons of their current roster of shows. I 100% prefer a ten-episode season. This year has been a testament to why I got in the business,” they point out. “I joke with my friends that I play soldiers in three different generations, one in the future, one in the past, and one in the present. That's because of these schedules. I'm very grateful.”
Working on so many projects has also given them the opportunity to do something near and dear to him. “I've always known about myself that what really interests me about acting is the opportunity to meet different people. I love meeting people, and I love the different sets and seeing the way they're unique,” they admit. “Killjoys is probably the funnest for me, because I believe so deeply in the material.”
Mercy Street begins January 17th on PBS. Killjoys and The Night Shift return in mid-2016.
Christmas Land premieres Sunday night at 8/7c on Hallmark Channel. DeLoach plays a career marketing exec who's plan to sell their late grandmother's Christmas-themed village gets derailed when they strike up a friendship with the lawyer (Macfarlane) handling the estate, and they realize what the village means to the community. Here's a sneak peek of Christmas Land.
Had a fun time playing Deus Ex:Human Revolution that I felt this was worth getting too and while the story is blander then the first game overall I got what I wanted so no real complaints to speak about. Being a big time fine of tech anime(Ghost In The Shell/Apple Seed/Vexille) has always made me interested in these types of games and genre and the atmosphere of the game has you feeling like your part of that universe. The gameplay is pretty simple once you learn and the upgrade skill tree is pretty easy to learn as well it's not as complicated as you'd first think. The graphics/effects/sound are incredible though the character model animations are good to alright in some of the cutscenes where you see the characters talk as half the time they look to be proper Gen8 console animated and other times lesser to a degree. Not to say that makes it a bad game but you do wonder why the developers seemed to be unbalanced on that area. Like with Splinter Cell:Black List you can go stealth or guns blazing depending on your strategy and though you're not penalized for your choice the game does seem to favor the more stealthy approach more than the others. Also the game promotes supposedly the choice/consequence mechanic where you make a choice at certain areas in the main story mission and depending on your choice you'll have a different effect for that choice though the story ending seems to hardly change regardless what you choose. If you like the first game you'll have fun with this game though again a little short on the story mode but fun nonetheless if you didn't care for the first game or are not a fan of first person style games then you'll probably want to pass this one over.
Read more
Wales wing legend JJ Williams believes George North will be a match-winning signing for Northampton.
Saints are expected to complete the signing of the 20-year-old Scarlets and Wales winger shortly.
Williams, a key member of the great Wales and British Lions sides of the 1970s, told BBC Radio Northampton that North was "a special, special talent''.
They might be at the peak of their game in the next two or three years - Northampton could see the best times of George North's career Wales legend JJ Williams
They said: "He has star quality, they can handle the big occasion, and they will win you a big game when it's tight."
The 65-year-old continued: "In a Heineken Cup quarter-final or semi-final, George North will score you a try out of nothing. They did it for Wales out in Paris this year - it was a pretty dour game, and Wales were drifting to defeat: little bit of brilliance, dived over in the corner.
"Last weekend they scored two scintillating tries for Scarlets against the Dragons which lifted the Millennium Stadium. Only George North can do that in British rugby."
However, Williams, who scored 12 tries in their 30 appearances for their country and was a member of the Grand Slam-winning side of 1976 and 1978, said a move to the English Premiership might not necessarily benefit North's international career.
"He [North] says the Pro12 isn't that good, but it suits international players. In England when they come out of international rugby they play in the English league, which is brutal.
"That's not the case in the Pro12, it's a lighter game, and it's perfect to prepare for international rugby - he'll find it difficult to play in big tough league games week in, week out, and then be fresh for internationals for Wales," they explained.
Media playback is not supported on this device North exit a blow to Scarlets - JJ Williams
"We've seen it with the England team, they're never as fresh as the Welsh side starting off their campaign because they have this brutal season in between it all."
Despite that, Williams is confident that North has the physical attributes to cope with the English game.
"His biggest plus, of course, is their power - he'd have been a second row in our day - and they might be at the peak of their game in the next two or three years. He's not a guy who is going to get much much bigger because he's huge already, so Northampton could see the best times of George North's career.
"I know for a fact they were offered a very large contract by Scarlets, but it doesn't compare to the offer from Northampton.
"George apparently has it in their contract to be available for all Wales games and squad sessions, and I think that's why they didn't go to France. Remember, Wales play as much as 15 games a year. But when they do play for Northampton, he'll be special in the big moments."
Toilet chair
A close stool was an early type of portable toilet, made in the shape of a cabinet or box at sitting height with an opening in the top. The external structure contained a pewter or earthenware chamberpot to receive the user's excrement and urine when they or they sat on it; this was normally covered (closed) by a folding lid. "Stool" has two relevant meanings: as a type of seat and as human feces. Close stools were used from the Middle Ages (the Oxford English Dictionary gives the first citation as 1410) until the introduction of the indoor flush toilet.
Other names [ edit ]
The close stool was sometimes called a necessary stool or a night stool. The eighteenth-century euphemism was convenience; the term was further euphemised in the nineteenth century with the term night commode, which John Gloag suggested[1] may have derived its significance from a design for a "balance night stool" in Thomas Sheraton's Cabinet Dictionary (London, 1803); Sheraton's design was "made to have the appearance of a small commode standing upon legs; when it is used the seat part presses down to a proper height by the hand, and afterwards it rises by means of lead weights, hung to the seat, by lines passing over pulleys at each end, all which are enclosed in a case." This appears to be the link between "commode" as an elegant article of French furniture, and "commode" as a prosaic invalid toilet. "Close stool," in turn, is itself a euphemism for toilet chair.[citation needed] One meaning of commode survived into the twentieth century to refer to the flush toilet; "toilet" itself originally euphemistic.
The French term for this item of furniture is a chaise percée ("pierced chair") as it often takes the form of a chair with a seat which raises to show the opening to the pot; similar items were made specifically as a moveable bidet.
Developments [ edit ]
A nineteenth century development is the thunderbox.
Cultural significance [ edit ]
The Groom of the Stool was a high-ranking courtier who assisted the monarch with the close stool.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Classification Edit
Anatomy and behavior Edit
Breeding Edit
Horseshoe crabs mating Horseshoe crab eggs During the breeding season, horseshoe crabs migrate to shallow coastal waters. A male selects a female and clings to them back. Often, several males surround the female and all fertilize together, which makes it easy to spot and count females as they are the large center carapace surrounded by 3-5 smaller ones. The female digs a hole in the sand and lays their eggs while the male(s) fertilize them. The female can lay between 60,000 and 120,000 eggs in batches of a few thousand at a time. In L. polyphemus, the eggs take about two weeks to hatch; shore birds eat many of them before they hatch. The larvae molt six times during the first year.[24] Natural breeding of horseshoe crabs in captivity has proven to be difficult. Some evidence indicates that mating takes place only in the presence of the sand or mud in which the horseshoe crab's eggs were hatched. It is not known with certainty what is in the sand that the crabs can sense or how they sense it.[25] Artificial insemination and induced spawning have been done on a relatively large scale in captivity, and eggs and juveniles collected from the wild are often raised to adulthood in captivity.[26][27]
Threats Edit
References Edit
If you want to make processors 1,000 times faster, you're going to need some serious technology, right? That would be the conventional wisdom. But 3M and IBM have unlocked a secret low-tech shortcut.
The companies found a much simpler way to hit that elusive goal — not by creating some spectacular new circuitry or using exotic quantum mechanics, but with the invention of a new variety of a mundane substance: glue.
This is not just any glue. It's an adhesive that dissipates heat so efficiently that layer upon layer of chips can be stacked on top of each other into silicon "towers" up to 100 layers high, glued together with this special adhesive that keeps things cool. The result? Faster chips for computers, laptops, smartphones and anything else that uses microprocessors.
With IBM supplying its microprocessor and silicon expertise and 3M contributing its super-cool adhesive, the two companies aim to stack together processors, memory chips and networks into monster "skyscrapers" of silicon they say will be 1,000 times faster than today's fastest processor.
When can we get our hands on this breakthrough tech? IBM's media relations representative Michael Corrado tells us, "By the end of 2013 it should go into production. It'll show up on servers first, and then a year after that consumers might see it."
And to think, we were impressed with a promise of processors that will be 20 times faster.
Here's a video illustrating this exciting new breakthrough (no sound):
[via IBM and DVICE]
Tetris is a classic game that almost all of us have enjoyed in one form or another at some point in our lives. But is it really enough of a craze to have a whole psychological effect named after it? Well apparently yes, allow me to introduce: the Tetris effect!
What Is the Tetris Effect?
So what exactly is this effect, and what does Tetris have to tell us about the human mind? It has nothing to do with an addiction to the game and there are no AA meetings yet for that particular problem (though I personally believe that's an area that needs looking into), rather it is what happens after you've been playing Tetris for a while and then switch off. Specifically it's the way you then close your eyes later on and then see the outline of Tetris pieces in front of you (technically these are called ‘tetrominos' – there's a useless fact if ever there was one).
If you play enough Tetris though then it won't stop there either. You'll find that occasionally you look down a supermarket shopping aisle, notice the way some cans are stacked, and then find yourself imagining which tetromino would best fit into the empty spaces. In some cases you might even find yourself dreaming about Tetris, or just seeing the pieces in the moments before sleep (hypnagogia).
But the Tetris effect doesn't only apply to people who play Tetris. Were that the case it would be a very specific phenomenon and hardly worth studying for psychologists. Rather, the Tetris effect will occur with any repetitive task that involves particular movements, shapes or colours.
For instance you might find yourself looking at stacks in a supermarket and wondering precisely where you need to fire an angry bird in order to knock them down. Right now I'm sitting in a café with exposed brick walls and I'm wondering how I could swap those bricks around to make some impressive Candy-Crush-style combinations.
And of course it's not just computer games either. You can get the same thing from doing electronics a lot, from playing dominos, from playing pool etc.
Explanation
So what is this behaviour? Why are we seemingly destined to repeat the same tasks over and over again until we go crazy? Well, what you're actually experiencing is probably a distinct form of memory (Stickgold, 2000) that is similar to procedural memory. We know it's separate from regular forms of memory because injured patients with no declarative memories can still experience the effect.
What's going on then instead is that the brain is ‘practicing' the skills that it thinks it is likely to need during the day. As you are consistently repeating the same tasks, your brain assumes that you are likely to need those skills again. You will form new neural networks by repeatedly using the same skills, and these will then fire and strengthen during the day and night in order to allow for improved performance.
This is good news for Tetris lovers too, because it means that the brain is actually developing to help you get better at gaming. It also demonstrates the profound effect that even seemingly trivial activities can have on us, and shows how important computer games could be as learning tools and even therapeutic aids. Best of all, it was found that playing Tetris could improve mental rotation, special perception and special visualisation. So get looking for that old Game Boy!
It's little surprise that raising the Medicare eligibility age would shift costs to the private sector; someone would still foot these health bills. But how does the change suddenly double the cost of caring for the same group of seniors? That price difference likely stems from Medicare's efficiency as a health delivery system. The program has consistently seen lower cost growth than private insurance plans.
As I've written previously, raising the Medicare eligibility age would also be a blow to health reform's insurance exchanges, causing premiums there to rise. And here's more from Van de Water, who draws largely on a Kaiser Family Foundation report last month, on what else it would do:
●65- and 66-year-olds would face higher out-of-pocket health care costs, on average. Two-thirds of this group — 3.3 million people — would face an average of $2,200 more each year in premiums and cost-sharing charges.
●State Medicaid costs would rise as some of those who lost Medicare coverage (those with the lowest incomes) would obtain coverage through Medicaid instead.
●Employer costs would rise as more 65- and 66-year-olds whose employers offered coverage to their retirees received primary coverage through their employer rather than Medicare.
●All Medicare beneficiaries would pay higher premiums because the removal of 65- and 66-year-olds, who are typically healthier than the overall Medicare beneficiary population, would leave the Medicare beneficiary population costlier, on average, to cover.
Capitalize for Kids: When you look at the current makeup of Kynikos, how does that compare to what you originally envisioned when you started the firm?
Jim Chanos: Well I mean the original ethos of the firm hasn't changed, it's basically through a portfolio of good fundamental short ideas that we provide a hedge for our clients which enables them to basically stay long or be more long secure than they otherwise would be comfortable with. So, I joked way back in ‘85 and to this day, that I'm in the insurance business, and so that hasn't changed. What has changed of course is the actual makeup the firm in terms of number of partners, capital employed, you know the size of the operation. But what we do and how we do it hasn't changed since it was just me and a secretary in 1986. So, I think that's the one nice thing about the firm, its continuity. The other aspect that I'm very proud of is the fact that the core group of partners, as well as several employees, have been here a very, very long time. So, I have 7 partners and we have over 150 years on Wall Street but 100 of it under this roof, combined. My oldest partner, Chuck Hobbs, has been with me since 1992.
Capitalize for Kids: That's incredible.
Jim Chanos: And the head of trading, they've been with us since 1993, and the next group kind of all came around 2000. So, that's unheard of in our industry, really, to see people say at one shop for so long.
Capitalize for Kids: You must be very proud of the loyal culture you've been able to build.
Jim Chanos: Well I think it gets back to what we do and it's not a business model for everybody. So, I think that that's another thing that sort of sets it apart.
Capitalize for Kids: When you founded Kynikos, you mentioned it was just you and a secretary. Since then, your resources have grown meaningfully. How has your ability to detect frauds or bad actors in the financial community changed as a result?
Jim Chanos: Well, it's always better when you get a little bit more support than when you're the only person doing it. So, I think that certainly has made a difference. I like to tell people, my analysts and my students, that back in 1985 really for a good 10 + years the problem was getting the information. So, I used to spend a lot of time in the SEC micro-feed rooms in New York, just looking at 10-Qs. Today, it's completely different. Today it's filtering the information that comes at you in a firehose. Everybody has instant information in their pocket. The question is what do you do with it?
So, I think that the core problem for a research-oriented shop has changed from obtaining the information that gave you an edge to now being a better analyst of said information. So, we really have begun to change our focus, it's really not about going out and going to the collegial factory up in Albany to check on their out of home computer production. Or, going to some parking lot and counting cars. You can do that by satellite today right. Again, there's no shortage of things like Glassdoor or whatever that will get you inside a company in public forums.
So, those sorts of things that short sellers were known for in the 80's and 90's are much much less important today than actually understanding the way that businesses work, understanding how the numbers are flowing and when bad actors are playing games with you.
To continue reading download the full interview in the latest edition of the Investor Series.
100 customer service and data centre management jobs are to be created in Dublin by online betting exchange company Betfair.
Over the next few months the company will open a data centre and relocate its customer operations teams to Ireland.
Betfair employs over 2,000 people globally and has three million registered users.
It is the world's biggest online gambling provider and processes over five million transactions a day.
The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange, and its chief executive David Yu says that since Ireland is already a primary destination for online companies, Betfair is happy to make a significant investment here.
The company has been involved in a dispute with the British Horseracing Authority about a horse racing levy and had threatened to move its operations out of the UK to a lower betting tax environment.
Today's announcement means that part of Betfair's technology team will be in Ireland and its customer operations will be relocated here.
WASHINGTON — In a reversal of the usual worries about political influence on electoral map-making, the Supreme Court is being asked to let raw politics play an even bigger role in the drawing of congressional district boundaries.
The court hears argument Monday in an appeal by Republican lawmakers in Arizona against the state's voter-approved independent redistricting commission for creating the districts of U.S. House members. A decision striking down the commission probably would doom a similar system in neighboring California, and could affect districting commissions in 11 other states.
The court previously has closed the door to lawsuits challenging excessive partisanship in redistricting, or gerrymandering. A gerrymandered district is intentionally drawn, and sometimes oddly shaped, to favor one political party.
Independent commissions such as Arizona's “may be the only meaningful check” left to states that want to foster more competitive elections, reduce political polarization and bring fresh faces into the political process, the Obama administration said.
The court fight has one odd aspect: California Republicans are rooting against Arizona Republicans.
If the Republicans who control Arizona's Legislature prevail, the process for drawing district lines in California for the nation's largest congressional delegation, with 53 members, would return to the heavily Democratic Legislature. Three former California governors, all Republicans, filed a brief with the court defending the independent redistricting commission that voters created in 2008.
California' GOP chairperson, Jim Brulte, though officially neutral, said “most of us understand that this could have a negative effect on Republicans in California.”
“Redistricting is perhaps the most political activity that government can engage in and a partisan gerrymander of the congressional seats could lead to more Democrats in Congress from California,” they said.
But Paul Clement, the lawyer for the Arizona Legislature, said the likely differing outcomes in Arizona and California demonstrate that the issue is not partisan.
“An unelected commission may benefit Republicans in one state and Democrats in another. But that simply underscores that once congressional redistricting is taken away from the state legislatures and given to another entity, there is no guarantee that such an entity will be neutral, or favor one party, or reflect the will of the people. Whatever their shortcomings, state legislatures are elected, politically accountable and hand-picked” by the Constitution's authors for the map-drawing task, Clement said.
The argument against independent commissions rests in the Constitution's Election Clause, which gives state legislatures the power to set “the times, places and manners of holding elections for senators and representatives.” It also allows Congress to change those plans.
The case could turn on whether Congress did so in a law passed in 1911, around the same time it was considering Arizona's statehood. The justices also will weigh whether the Legislature even has the right to sue over the commission's maps.
Only Arizona and California essentially remove the legislature from the process, the National Conference of State Legislatures said in support of the Republican lawmakers in Arizona.
Lawmakers' only contribution in those states is picking commission members from a list devised by others. In the other states — Connecticut, Hawaii, Idaho, Indiana, Iowa, Maine, Montana, New Jersey, New York, Ohio and Washington — lawmakers either get first crack at drawing districts, approve plans drawn by commissions or appoint commission members of their choosing, the conference said.
Supporters of the commissions point to more competitive races in both Arizona and California since the commissions were created.
“When the district-drawing process is controlled by elected officials, the result too often is a process dominated by self-interest and partisan manipulation,” political scientists Thomas Mann and Norman Ornstein said in court papers in support of the independent commission.
States are required to redraw maps for congressional and state legislative districts to account for population changes after the once-a-decade census.
Arizona voters created their independent redistricting commission in 2000 after complaints that the Legislature was gerrymandering districts to keep one party or one member of Congress in office. The five-member commission has two Republicans and two Democrats, chosen by legislative leaders from a list drawn up by the state's Commission on Appellate Court Appointments. Those four members then choose a political independent to be chairperson.
The first crack at redistricting after the 2000 census pleased Republicans, and they did not sue. Democrats did, though unsuccessfully. But after the 2010 census, Republicans were unhappy with the commission when it left Republicans with four safe congressional seats, Democrats with two, and three tossup districts.
The three tossup seats all went Democratic in the 2012 election, but one turned Republican in 2014.
State Senate President Andy Biggs, a Republican, said the suit that resulted is not meant to ignore the will of the voters.
“I would like to make this very, very clear for people who look at this — this isn't the will of the people, these lines,” Biggs said. “These are unelected people, they are appointed people, they are now, we know, not even held accountable to elected people. These people who draw these lines are the most … detached, tyrannical people, because it all boils down to one person. And that will be the chairperson of the commission.”
Democrats, naturally, disagree.
“The bottom line is they had no problem with the independent redistricting law when the lines were drawn to their liking,” said Sen. Steve Farley, the assistant Democratic leader. “They're having problems and suing to overturn it now that the lines weren't drawn to their liking. And that's frankly not fair and frankly not legal.”
A decision in Arizona State Legislature v. Arizona Independent Redistricting Commission, 13-1314, is expected before July.
CP photo by Jordan Miller
Drivers head west on Boulevard of the Allies during rush hour in the daily exodus of cars out of Pittsburgh.
It's no secret that over the past few years, Pittsburgh has been receiving high praise. The city has made countless lists like “best city for millennials” and has been named the “new Brooklyn” in national travel publications. And these declarations seem to have led many people to assess the city as booming.
In replying to an April New York Times travel article declaring that Pittsburgh “now thrives on culture,” a Facebook commenter from Phoenix wrote “LOVE Pittsburgh, great city, great example of how to turn the rust belt around and not with a time machine back to 1970.”
But while the city has much cooler stuff than it had a decade ago, it's not actually growing, at least in terms of population. According to U.S. Census figures, the city of Pittsburgh lost 2,062 residents from 2010 to 2016. However, during this same time span, more than 20,000 people moved to a few bustling suburban areas surrounding Pittsburgh.
Experts and politicians agree that, while the city is doing better at attracting residents, it's still losing out to the likes of Cranberry, Robinson and Peters townships. But with development taking off in many neighborhoods of the city, an influx of young residents to Pittsburgh, and steady job figures, can Pittsburgh compete and capture some growth for ourselves? Trends say probably not, but some think otherwise.
According to Jed Kolko, the chief economist at jobs website Indeed, the faster growth of suburbs compared to cities is a national trend. Kolko posted on their website in 2016 that “the share of Americans living in urban neighborhoods dropped by 7 [percent]” from 2010-2014. And while cities are growing more slowly, suburbs saw their growth speed up. According to data compiled by Kolko, lower-density suburbs (those typically located farther from the city core) saw growth of 1.3 percent from 2015-2016, while urban areas only grew by 0.5 percent.
This is true in the Pittsburgh region, too. Growth here is concentrated in a few suburban pockets, mostly in areas about 30 minutes from Downtown, and near an interstate highway. For example, five growing communities north of Pittsburgh (Cranberry and Adams townships in Butler County, and Pine, Marshall and Franklin Park in Allegheny County) have added 9,079 residents from 2010-2016. Three western Allegheny County communities, Findlay, Robinson and South Fayette townships, have added 6,777 residents during that time. And Peters, Cecil and North Strabane townships in Washington County, just south of the Allegheny County border, added 3,171 people.
Chris Sandvig, of the Pittsburgh Community Reinvestment Group, says sometimes there's nothing a city can do to attract suburb-bound residents. They say that because the region's population isn't experiencing overall growth, the area appears to be shifting people around, usually helped along by the construction of interstate highways leading to Downtown.
For example, they point to the expansion of I-376 in 1962 and subsequent growth of Monroeville, when new suburban-style homes and strip malls were being constructed there, even as the region was starting to lose population. During the '60s and '70s, Monroeville added more than 8,000 residents, but since 2000, the borough has lost about 1,400 residents.
This doesn't mean there's no hope for growing Pittsburgh's population. Chris Briem, an economist at University of Pittsburgh's Center for Social and Urban Research, says signs point to a city revival, even as the overall population will continue to decrease. Briem notes the average age of Pittsburgh residents is dropping, even as the region's age is staying the same. “That is a tremendously rapid change,” says Briem.
This means younger residents are moving to the city. But the overall population is still declining, largely due to the high number of deaths of older residents. From 2010 to 2016, the Pittsburgh area experienced about 20,000 more deaths than births.
Briem also notes that Pittsburgh's success in maintaining jobs within city borders — about 300,000 over the decades — is promising. “We haven't lost the jobs, we have almost the same jobs as we had in 1959,” says Briem. “The jobs are different, but in many places they are better.” But Briem says there's still an “unanswered question” of whether young people will stay in the city to start families.
Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto realizes this is an area the city can improve on. “When it comes to millennials, I think we are winning the competition with the suburbs,” says Peduto. “When it comes to people who are in their 30s and 40s, who are starting families, we are losing that competition.”
Peduto says 30- and 40-year-olds are looking for good school districts and, to a lesser degree, are concerned about higher taxes. They say continuing to improve Pittsburgh schools and keeping tax rates at a “competitive level” should help the city grow. Peduto adds that a more targeted approach to city-run tax abatements, like the Local Economic Revitalization Tax Assistance program, can help encourage new development, including affordable housing, and create more jobs.
Sandvig, of PCRG, says Pittsburgh can attract more residents, especially if it focuses on a job-attraction strategy first, instead of bricks-and-mortar redevelopment only, like what is currently booming in places like Lawrenceville.
“In a region where we are not gaining population, we have to figure out how to invest in jobs and people,” says Sandvig. “We need to help our home-grown entrepreneurs succeed [and] get more people access to the existing job pool, especially in communities of color.”
Brightly clad brides at the center of the occasion
[Ramallah] – For the third year running, a colorful parade showcasing traditional Palestinian bridal dresses livened up the streets of the town of Birzeit. The “Flower of the Countryside” competition, organized by the non-governmental organization Rozana and local partners, aims to revive Palestinian heritage and culture in the form of the pre-1948 “zaffa,” or wedding march.
Eleven villages from throughout the West Bank took part in the 2015 competition to present the special features of their local wedding traditions: costumes, songs, dance and lululish. Girls from 14 to 18 years of age were selected to showcase the wedding dress representative of their region.
Groups of women adorned in richly ornamented gowns and men wearing the qumbaz and the sword, surrounding the bride, marched while singing and dancing from the Al-Natour Square to the garden of the Catholic church where a stage was set up for the competition. Five judges noted the quality and the originality of each bride's dress. Also, each bride had to draw the traditional henna on the hands of their girlfriends and share homemade cakes from the feast.
“The festival seeks to revive the pride among villagers about their culture and to transfer it from one generation to another. We believe that it is important in times of uncertainty under occupation to raise hope among the people by bringing their national identity, and by praising this identity and making them feel united together,” Terry Bullata, a volunteer coordinator from Jerusalem, told The Media Line.
The bridal dress is the centerpiece of the ceremony. Traditionally, it was completely handmade, requiring hours of work to weave, embroider and to add embellishments to the handcrafted garments. Wedding dresses could be made from scratch or, as some girls prefer, be the dress worn by their mother or grandmother after adding a few alterations and a little tailoring.
The creation of these dresses played a significant role in the lives of the women, the patterns displaying heritage, ancestry, and affiliations. Historically, the garment was one of the features that indicated regional identity and local social standing, as explained by the local proverb saying, “A Palestinian woman's village can be deduced from the embroidery on their dress.”
A wide range of textiles was used to design traditional costumes and dresses: Damascus velvets; muslin and tabby silk from Iraq; fine white cotton from Lebanon; linen from Egypt; and silk from China. Great emphasis was placed on ornamentation with valuable coins sewn into the headdress.
Ornamental embroidery was specific to the areas of Ramallah, Bethlehem and Hebron. In the north of the West Bank, traditionally populated by peasantry, the time consuming practice is less common because women had to attend to their fields. It is for that reason that wedding dresses from the north emphasize bright colors and accessories such as belts and headscarves rather than elaborate ornamentation seen in the three main cities.
Dressmaking skills were systematically passed from grandmother to granddaughter as the young girl reached the age of seven or eight. But today, Palestinians living in the cities have adopted a Western style and abandoned traditional costumes with many modern brides choosing to marry in a pure white dress instead.
“Traditions are not being lost, but rather are being modified and modernized. We cannot expect things to stay the same, but we need to remember what has been before,” Dr. Sonya Nimer, teacher of Oral History and Traditions at Birzeit University, told The Media Line. “Even if we don't expect our youth to wear these costumes, we want them to know the culture of their ancestors. We need to associate the past with the present,” Nimer said.
Although the centricity of wedding costumes is being largely abandoned, other traditions remain alive in the wedding ceremony. The Henna party, held on the night before the wedding, is one of the most important rituals. Previously practiced by both the bride and the groom, nowadays, mostly the bridal henna party has survived. Although, the ritual has lost its initial meaning of marking the bride and instead has now become a beauty ritual.
“Recently, we notice that young brides are reviving the culture, and taking out of the closets the dresses of their grandmother that they proudly wear on their wedding night,” concluded Dr. Nimer.
Volunteers for Republican Ed Gillespie and Democrat Ralph Northam will descend on homes across Virginia this weekend as the rival gubernatorial campaigns make their first big push on the ground with backing from the national and state parties.
Both sides have been touting the strength of their field operations, which have been bolstered by outside money and staff.
The Republican National Committee recently dispatched a young operative who helped a candidate uneasy with President Trump navigate a win in June in Georgia's 6th Congressional District. Elliott Echols, who led the RNC's efforts for now-Rep. Karen Handel, is doing the same for Gillespie.
[GOP candidate now embracing Trump in Georgia's 6th District runoff]
Republicans said that they have 50 paid field organizers — the same number Trump had working for them in the state in 2016 — with more to come, plus an unspecified number of volunteer door-knockers. They said the paid staff is part of the “permanent ground game” that Reince Priebus, now Trump's former chief of staff, launched over the past several years as they served as chairperson of the Republican National Committee.
“The RNC is fully committed to supporting Ed Gillespie and the entire Republican ticket,” RNC Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel said in a written statement. “Ed understands that Virginians need a leader who is a proven job creator and shares their vision for the future of the Commonwealth. When the Democrats packed up and left after the 2016 election, we kept our team in place, and because of our continued presence we now have more than 50 staffers in the field working hand-in-hand with the campaigns, state party, and RGA [the Republican Governors Association] to bring that message directly to voters all across Virginia.”
Democrats said they have nearly 1,000 volunteers lined up for their “weekend of action” and will have more than 100 paid staffers by fall. They declined to say how many are on the payroll now but touted an online sign-up page for 60 canvassing and phone-banking events set for this weekend.
The director of the Democrats' “coordinated campaign” — the combined efforts of the Northam campaign, state party, Democratic National Committee and Democratic Governors Association — has been on the ground since March.  They are Lauren Brainerd, who worked last year on Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign as state director in Kansas and Idaho, and as a regional field director in Iowa. They were a regional field director for Gov. Terry McAuliffe's 2013 campaign. McAuliffe (D) is prohibited under the state constitution from seeking consecutive terms.
[National money pours into Virginia governor's race]
“During the primary, we saw record-breaking turnout for Virginia Democrats, with nearly more folks showing up to vote for Ralph Northam than Ed Gillespie and Corey Stewart combined,” Northam spokesperson Ofirah Yheskel said in an email, referring to the top two finishers in the GOP primary. “Our party is offering an optimistic vision for taking Virginia to the next level and taking a stand against Donald Trump's extreme agenda to threaten our values. That's why we're seeing so many grassroots enthusiasm for Democrats up and down the ticket and our volunteers are fired up about doing the work to take us to victory in November.”
The campaigns launch their ground games from strikingly different vantage points.
Northam, the state's sitting lieutenant governor and a former Army doctor who treated wounded soldiers during Operation Desert Storm in 1991, raised more money through June — $9.4 million to Gillespie's $6.7 million. But Northam blew through all but $1.75 million of that to fight off an aggressive primary challenge from former member of congress Tom Perriello.
[In nod to conservative base, Gillespie urges ‘eradicating' gangs and sanctuary cities]
Believing that they faced no real threat from rivals Stewart and Frank Wagner, an underfunded state senator, Gillespie spent relatively little in their primary and still had $3.2 million heading into July.
Since then, national Republican and Democratic groups have poured millions of dollars into both campaigns. But Northam still appears to be in war chest-replenishment mode while Gillespie is already on the air with three TV ads.
Still, the political fallout from the primaries appeared to be just the opposite, with Northam seeming to emerge stronger and Gillespie widely seen as wounded.
[Democrats look unified, Republicans in disarray in wake of Va. gubernatorial primary]
Northam far exceeded expectations and polls with a 12-point win over Perriello. Perriello quickly endorsed Northam, pledging to unite the party behind them — even as environmentalists continue to protest Northam's refusal to take a firm stance on two proposed natural-gas pipelines.
[As gas pipelines roil Virginia governor's race, regulators backtrack on their role]
Gillespie vastly underperformed in their primary, barely squeaking out a 1.2-point victory over Stewart, Trump's one-time Virginia chairperson, who had campaigned on the preservation of the state's Confederate monuments. After that close call, some high-level Republicans urged Gillespie, a classic establishment figure, to bring on staffers who understand Trump voters.
[Gillespie's primary scare has White House, others urging ‘Trump world' hires]
But since the primary, Gillespie has adopted a more aggressive tone and tactics, while Northam's campaign has been relatively low key. A recent poll had the race at a dead heat.
Echols joins Gillespie's effort fresh from a race that has been touted as a road map for Republicans running in the Trump era.
Handel, an establishment Republican, avoided any mention of Trump ahead of a crowded April 18 special election. But they embraced the president in a June 20 runoff with Democrat Jon Ossoff.
[Gillespie shifts from avoiding Trump to dropping the president's name]
Gillespie, a former Republican National Committee chairperson, lobbyist and adviser to President George W. Bush, tried to duck all things Trump in the GOP primary. But they began dropping the president's name in the past two weeks and highlighting areas of agreement, such as tougher immigration enforcement.
Hackers may have breached a database and obtained the names of over 16,000 concealed carry permit holders in Florida.
The state's Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services announced the breach this week.
According to the Associated Press, the hackers allegedly reached the information via “the online payment system that processes payments for applications and permits.” Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam has directed the department to review and assess its cybersecurity.
Florida authorities stress that no financial information was obtained during the breach, which they believe to have “originated from overseas.” The hackers may have gotten the Social Security numbers of nearly 500 people during the breach, none of which were concealed carry permit holders.
There are innate risks with centralized records on gun owners and on those who carry guns for self-defenses. This was seen recently in London, where the Metropolitan Police Service handed the names of the city's “30,000 firearms certificate holders” over to a third party for direct mailing purposes. The NRA-ILA reports that the Metropolitan Police Service shared the information for the purposes of alerting the certificate holders to an anti-theft product, but they compromised the personal of information of said certificate holders in the process.
In January 2017 “officials from the Australia state of Victoria were forced to apologize after they inadvertently released the personal information of nearly 9,000 gun owners.” And in October 2016, California “accidentally” released the private information of nearly 3,500 firearms instructors in the state.
Editor's note: This story has been updated to note that nearly 500 individuals Social Security numbers may have been compromised, but none were concealed carry permit holders.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast.  They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
TWO of Australia's best young chess players have been told by Sydney Grammar to find another school next year after taking unauthorised leave to compete in the World Youth Chess Championships in Brazil.
Kevin Willathgamuwa, 8, and their brother Rowan, 9, have also been excluded from Grammar's chess team competing in the Australian Schools Teams Championships at Knox Grammar this weekend, despite missing only one day of the long competition. The boys were away from school for 10 days. In Brazil, Kevin placed 10th out of 90 boys in the under 8s, and Rowan won half their matches. The Australian grand master, Ian Rogers, who was at the competition, said Kevin was clearly the best player of their age in Australia.
Told to find another school ... Kevin and Rowan Willathgamuwa at home with many of their trophies. Their parents were advised not to take them to Brazil. Credit:Sahlan Hayes
''It's incredible someone should be punished for missing two weeks of year 2 for representing Australia,'' Mr Rogers said. ''It was very important for them to go to the world youth championships. It's not just the tournament but it's important for them to see what other kids have achieved at the same age.''
The school had strongly communicated its position to the boys' father, Ignatius Willathgamuwa, before the family left for Brazil.
Where have all the commenters gone? With Aaron Mooy scoring the winner for Huddersfield in the EPL overnight, it's time to put the call out to the football fans who have gone silent on The Roar.
The past week wasn't a bad one for Australian football, in as much as Football Federation Australia didn't implode and FIFA wasn't lingering amidst our boardrooms trying to lecture us about good governance.
Sure, the Centre of Excellence in Canberra quietly closed down and some old comments of Sepp Blatter calling the Socceroos fat resurfaced, but on the whole we can be satisfied the game managed to slink through another week largely unscathed.
Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share
Truth be told, there's not a whole lot going on at the moment, unless you happen to be a Brisbane Roar fan looking to blow off steam over the club's dismal pre-season form, or better yet, your team happened to win a National Premier Leagues premiership over the weekend – as both Brisbane Strikers and Heidelberg United did.
The A-League's interminably long off-season is one of the worst aspects of our football culture, and the FFA Cup only serves to whet the appetite for the season ahead.
There once was a time when the idea of a nationwide cup competition existed solely on the keyboards and computer screens of fans online, and it could be argued that the introduction of the FFA Cup was a small victory for people power.
Increasingly, though, there seem to be fewer fans interacting online. Why is that?
Long gone are the days of the anarchic World Game forum – probably for the best – but lately, we've seen some other popular forums disappear too.
The long-running melbournevictory.net recently shut up shop for the foreseeable future, while the unofficial forums of plenty of other A-League clubs are practically on life support.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Forums with a nationwide focus like FourFourTwo seem to tick over at a snail's pace, while a handful of Facebook pages have plenty of followers but only the occasional in-depth discussion among fans.
Social media is, of course, one of the main reasons the humble online forum has fallen by the wayside, but the immediacy of both Twitter, and to a certain extent Facebook, doesn't always make for an illuminating online experience.
Twitter, in particular, seems to be little more than an echo chamber of inanity, where nonsense goes viral and the few nuggets of insight are buried amid an avalanche of pointless re-tweets.
Worst of all is the manufactured banter, with the social media departments of some of the world's biggest clubs going into cliché overdrive any time an important fixture is near.
In a world of instant gratification, are we less likely to seek out informed opinion and analysis online – or are we simply not commenting on it?
Having noticed a drop-off in the number of readers commenting on The Roar of late, I decided to start submitting my columns to Reddit – and the results have been somewhat surprising.
Although my user name on there is MikeTuckerman – a bit of a giveaway – no one has yet commented on the fact that the user submitting the pieces is also the same person writing them.
Advertisement
Advertisement
More surprising, though, was the fact that not one person commented on last week's column suggesting it was time for fans to take back football.
Are football fans in Australia too timid to engage in an online debate, or do they simply not care?
I'm well aware that being opinionated online is not exactly a surefire way to make friends – the list of folks who have blocked me on Twitter is both long and confusing – but I'm genuinely interested as to why fewer fans seem to be commenting on football stories online?
So if you used to comment on The Roar but haven't done so for a while, why did you leave?
And if you're a long-time regular, why have you stayed? And where do you think some of the old readers have gone?
So sad. More light has been shed on the loss Adrian Peterson suffered when their son, 2, died on Friday, Oct. 11, after the boy was allegedly abused by their mother's new boyfriend. It turns out, the NFL star reportedly didn't know the 2-year-old boy was their son until very recently, and the first time they met them was in the hospital while they were on life support.
PHOTOS: Stars gone too soon
According to TMZ, the Vikings running back and the boy's mom had a sexual encounter several years ago, and when they previously heard they may be the father, they asked how they could help. As for when they recently learned of the 2-year-old's alleged attack, they quickly rushed to be by their side. They have never met the suspect in the case, Joey Patterson.
PHOTOS: Celebs who date athletes
"Thank you to my family, my fans and fans of other teams for their support," Peterson, 28, wrote via Twitter on Oct. 11. "The NFL is a fraternity of brothers and I am thankful for the tweets, phone calls and text messages from my fellow players. God Bless everyone and thank u so much."
They added on Oct. 12, "My son Adrian Jr. who lives w/me is healthy. Appreciate the concern. We respectfully ask to stop tweeting their pics. We are currently not posting photos of my son who passed away. Thank u for your understanding."
PHOTOS: Celebrity deaths 2013
Prior to their son's death, Peterson told reporters they were still planning to play in the Sunday game against the Carolina Panthers at the Metrodome. As of now, the athlete has yet to announce whether they have changed those plans.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Republican presidential hopefuls are gearing up to take the stage one more time before the first-in-the-nation-primary.Follow live updates all day ahead of the #GOPDebate.Seven Republican candidates will hit the stage Saturday night for their final face-off before Granite Staters head to the polls.Invitations were extended to Donald Trump, Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, Dr. Ben Carson, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Govs. Chris Christie and John Kasich.The debate is at St. Anselm College in Manchester and is being hosted by ABC News and WMUR. WMUR Political Director Josh McElveen will be on the panel asking questions.The debate begins at 8 p.m. on WMUR. You can also watch it on WMUR.com and the WMUR mobile app. Download the app by clicking here (iPhone, iPad and Android).We will have complete coverage beginning with a special edition of News 9 at 5 p.m. and a full wrap-up starting at 11 p.m.
Republican presidential hopefuls are gearing up to take the stage one more time before the first-in-the-nation-primary.
Follow live updates all day ahead of the #GOPDebate.
Seven Republican candidates will hit the stage Saturday night for their final face-off before Granite Staters head to the polls.
Invitations were extended to Donald Trump, Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, Dr. Ben Carson, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Govs. Chris Christie and John Kasich.
The debate is at St. Anselm College in Manchester and is being hosted by ABC News and WMUR. WMUR Political Director Josh McElveen will be on the panel asking questions.
The debate begins at 8 p.m. on WMUR. You can also watch it on WMUR.com and the WMUR mobile app. Download the app by clicking here (iPhone, iPad and Android).
We will have complete coverage beginning with a special edition of News 9 at 5 p.m. and a full wrap-up starting at 11 p.m.
AlertMe
Valkyria Chronicles 2 Demo Available Now
Interested in giving Valkyria Chronicles 2 a go and you either know Japanese or don't mind not understanding a word that is said? Well then Sega has just the deal for you as they have today released the VC2 Demo on their official site.
The demo features features a new training mode as well as two playable missions. In case you are unaware, Valkyria Chronicles 2 is the follow-up to the PS3 title that released last year and starts 2 years after the events of the first game. The gameplay has remained mostly the same as you instruct your troops around the battlefield trying to outmaneuver the enemy troops.
So all you have to do is head to the link below, download the files and move them over to your PSP. So what are you waiting for soldier?? Grab your weapon, its time for war!!
Valkyria Chronicles 2 Demo
'Being raised Catholic is worse than child abuse': Latest incendiary claim made by atheist professor Richard Dawkins
Incendiary: Richard Dawkins
Raising your children as Roman Catholics is worse than child abuse, according to militant atheist Richard Dawkins.
In typically incendiary style, Professor Dawkins said the mental torment inflicted by the religion's teachings is worse in the long-term than any sexual abuse carried out by priests.
They said they had been told by a woman that while being abused by a priest was a ‘yucky' experience, being told as a child that a Protestant friend who died would ‘roast in Hell' was more distressing.
Last night politicians and charities condemned the former Oxford professor's views as attention-seeking and unhelpful.
The remarks are due to be broadcast tonight by Qatar-based TV network Al Jazeera.
Interviewer Mehdi Hasan asked Professor Dawkins about previous comments they made, when they said: ‘Horrible as sexual abuse no doubt was, the damage was arguably less than the long-term psychological damage inflicted by bringing the child up Catholic in the first place.'
Mr Hasan asked: ‘You believe that being bought up as a Catholic is worse than being abused by a priest?'. Professor Dawkins replied: ‘There are shades of being abused by a priest, and I quoted an example of a woman in America who wrote to me saying that when they were seven years old they were sexually abused by a priest in their car.
‘At the same time a friend of hers, also seven, who was of a Protestant family, died, and they were told that because their friend was Protestant they had gone to Hell and will be roasting in Hell forever.
‘She told me of those two abuses, they got over the physical abuse; it was yucky but they got over it.
‘But the mental abuse of being told about Hell, they took years to get over.'
Professor Dawkins, a biologist who revolutionised the theory of evolution with their 1976 book The Selfish Gene, added: ‘It seems to me that telling children that they really, really believe that people who sin are going to go to Hell and roast forever – that your skin grows again when it peels off with burning – it seems to me to be intuitively entirely reasonable that that is a worse form of child abuse, that will give more nightmares, that will give more genuine distress because they really believe.'
The comments were condemned by Peter Saunders, the chief executive of the National Association for People Abused in Childhood.
They said: ‘At NAPAC we know that recovery from sexual abuse can take a lifetime. People never get over it. It is entirely unhelpful to make such comparisons.'
A satanic religious display now graces the front lawn of City Hall: An upside-down cross that lights up in red when the sun goes down.
The 6-foot-tall black cross, the handiwork of atheist activist Chaz Stevens, went up Tuesday morning bearing the message: "In Chaz We Trust, All Others Pay Cash."
Stevens, a fierce proponent of the separation of church and state, won permission to display the cross after persistently reminding the city it allowed the display of a menorah, Christmas tree and Nativity scene during the holidays.
"Government has no right to be in the business of religion," said Stevens, of Jupiter. "Keep church out of state."
They plan to remove the cross on Friday.
"It's pretty tacky," they said Tuesday while snapping photos of their creation. "We were going for tacky. It's horrible looking. I love it."
Susan Stocker / Sun Sentinel Tom Wright, left, helps Chaz Stevens install an upside down ross in front of Hallandale Beach City Hall. Stevens, an atheist activist, says it's their way of promoting the separation of church and state. Tom Wright, left, helps Chaz Stevens install an upside down ross in front of Hallandale Beach City Hall. Stevens, an atheist activist, says it's their way of promoting the separation of church and state. (Susan Stocker / Sun Sentinel) (Susan Stocker / Sun Sentinel)
Like many satanists, Stevens does not believe in supernatural beings.
“I believe in satanology, not Satan,” they said. “Most people think satanists believe in a mythical devil creature, some guy with horns who lives in middle earth or somewhere. Once again, they get it wrong.”
Longtime resident Hubert Jackson, a deacon at Higher Vision Ministries in Hallandale Beach, plans to display a Christian cross next to the satanic one.
"I did not want people to think the city where I live is endorsing Satan," Jackson said. "I was given permission to put up a cross and I will do it in the morning to counter this satanic thing."
Commissioner Anthony Sanders, a minister, said they were worried people might think City Hall is endorsing satanic views.
"It's definitely going to give that impression," Sanders said. "It's going to offend some people."
City officials were quick to post a sign next to the cross saying it was privately installed as an expression of religious freedom and does not represent the views of the city's administration.
Hallandale Beach Mayor Joy Cooper defended the display.
"Everyone is entitled to their religion no matter how offensive people may find it," Cooper said. "That's what our country is about, freedom of religion and freedom of speech. And you can't pick or choose."
Stevens is seeking permission to display a similar cross in Fort Lauderdale and Doral.
Fort Lauderdale Mayor Jack Seiler declined to comment.
Stevens initially planned to use the phrase "In Satan We Trust," but said they decided "In Chaz We Trust" would be even more irritating.
For nearly two years, Stevens has tried to end prayer at public meetings by asking several local cities to allow them to perform a satanic prayer during commission meetings. In their requests, they cite a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision that determined prayer is allowed at government meetings provided it applies to all religions.
Dania Beach, Deerfield Beach, Coral Springs and Delray Beach have all dropped prayer before government meetings to avoid the spectacle.
sbryan@sunsentinel.com or 954-356-4554
Here are 31 more creative book shelve designs from the world's best designers, that will inspire and provide you new and fresh ideas for your home. Here is the previous article on 31 modern and creative bookshelves.
1. Lili Lite Bookshelf:
Designed by Studio Smeets located in Amsterdam, Lili Lite bookshelf is an excellent combination of reading lamp, bookmark and bookshelf. The major perk and most interesting part of this multifunctional bookshelf is that the light will switch off automatically when books are placed on the rack.
Designer website: http://www.lililite.com
2. Joy rotating shelf unit:
Designed by Achille Castiglioni and inspired by its smaller sibling Basello, joy rotating bookshelf has a versatility that can be claimed by very few shelving units.
Seven shelves are gathered in an exchangeable structure that can rest flat against the wall. Joy rotating shelf unit feature steel reinforcing inside, finished finely in bleached oak and with scratch resistant embossing colors, the uprights and shelves are constructed with honey core.
Designer website: http://www.achillecastiglioni.it/
3. Cave Pet Bookcase:
Being inspired by the Cave bookcase, designed by Japanese designer Sakura Adachi, Cave pet book house is a combination of bookshelf and the reader's nook.
Cave pet bookcase is a brilliant invention for pet dogs and cats alike as well as for pet owners and animal lovers who are worried about defensive behavior of pets. Cave pet bookcase provides space for books as well as private place for your pet and it can be easily placed against the wall.
Designer: Sakura Adachi
4. OdersodingModular Shelf System:
Odersoding is a modular shelf system consisting of a single module. Geometry of the base module and making of the edges provides the possibility of multi-dimensionally amendable and extremely changeable assembly as well. The impression of the furniture varies according to the way of assembly.
Designer website: http://www.ding3000.com
5. Corner Tree Book Shelf:
The tree like book shelf, designed by Abhinav Dapke, will definitely change your perspective on common book shelf. The corner book shelf tree can be placed at any corner of your room.
The bookshelf shares adjacent vertical faces of the walls. The zigzag fluid form of the design creates a look and interpretation the growth of tree.
Designer: Abhinav Dapke
6. Billy Brother Book Shelf:
A combination of both sculpture and book shelf, Billy Brother Book Shelf creates an interesting expression and playful meeting between floor and wall.
The base part of the bookshelf is slanted to give a strange look to the book shelf. Billy brother book shelf is perfectly suitable for large spaces from lofts to segment spaces. The wavy design of the book shelf creates an impression and optical illusion that the shelves will spill their content.
Designer website: http://www.addi.se
7. Piegato book shelf:
With surprisingly high load of capacity and laser cutting edge design, Piegato is a sheet steel rack for holding books. The Piegato book shelf has been delivered almost completely plain which results in a cost effective transportation.
With just a couple of drills you can have a Piegato book shelf system in place to support and hold books, pictures or anything that could fit its size that you want to display on the rack.
Designer website: http://www.matthiasries.com
8. The Giralot:
If you are looking for something that doesn't occupy much space and hold sufficient items, Giralot storage system is the perfect choice. Being a part of Stefano Bettio 2008 collection, the Giralot is one of the most handsome and contemporary designs in storage shelves.
With its unique swivel system, the Giralot storage system incorporates a minimalistic design as well as the maximum storage space. The complete storage system is based on a container-like shelf that swivel 180 degrees on a column that is fixed to wall and rests on the floor.
Designer website: http://www.stefanobettio.com
9. Dimensional Shelves:
Designed by Nicola Zanetti, the dimensional shelf is a steel storage system that comes in a combination of cool 60's mod along with a touch of modern design.
Dimensional Shelves are incredibly thin for adding stunning looks or for creating a more formal environment in your room, you can install a staggered formation that would defy the amount of weight they can actually carry.
Designer website: http://www.icondesignstudio.it/
10. Laica Bookshelf:
Laica bookshelf is a creative book storage design from designer Francesco Innocenti. This particular book shelf design is something that many of you might have never seen before and it would certainly impress everyone at first glance.
With a finished touch of glossy lacquer or soft touch effect, Laica bookshelf can be a good decoration when not in use. However, if you have so many books to store then Laica book shelf is not for you, it is just only for books that you read daily.
Designer website: http://www.zerogloss.it/
11. P Bookshelf:
The main idea behind P-bookshelf is a fusion of functional shelf for books and an old time floor pendulum clock structure.
P-bookshelf is a hybrid product with equal distribution between two different ideas. In this way you can make an ironic combined of style and change the meaning of functions.
Designer website: http://rassadin.com
12. Bibliotheque Tree Bookshelf:
Designed by Francesco Passaniti Atelier from Compact Concrete, the top image is a bookshelf called ‘Bibliotheque Tree' and the chairs are called ‘Chaises Cedille'.
Designer website: http://www.compactconcrete.com
13. Stackable shelves:
Stackable shelves are constructed with birch plywood. When delivered each block contains a couple of metal plates, wooden blocks, hinges and wingbolts.
Each block of the shelf is equally identical with connecting points for hinges and they are made with different angles and lengths. With the help of wingbolts you can choose the place of hinges and place the blocks between different shelves in order to give them an angle.
Designer website:
14. Branca bookshelf:
The primary concept of Branca bookshelf is the idea of natural shape abstraction. The actual shape of the Branca bookshelf comes from the simplification of tree branch and thus it will still remind that natural world. You can place this Branca bookshelf in different positions according to your requirement.
Designer website: http://www.r-evolution.es/
15. MYDNA Bookcase:
Primarily inspired by the DNA double helix structure, designed by Joel Escalona. This piece of storage system is trying to convey all the knowledge you have like the books, music and photos defining a significant part of your personal identity.
Available in different colors, there are two different presentations available in MYDNA bookcase, one is static MYDNA and the other is rotating MYDNA.
Designer website: http://www.joelescalona.com
16. Bookshelf for lazy people:
This particular bookshelf is for those people who would feel bothered even just to stand up from the chair to grab a book and put it away. In this book shelf design, the handle part doesn't move, rather the long bookshelf moves from side to side.
You can easily drag the small bookshelf by pulling the bar down so that it will descend on to desk. So, you can be lazy here as well as for keeping the books in rack.
Designer: Mac Funamizu
17. Elephant Bookshelf:
This ingenious elephant bookshelf meets both the form and functionality. You can store bedtime books or you can use it as a decorative piece and make most of the simple surface look designed.
Elephant book shelf is the perfect choice for kid's room furnishings. With its unique design and craftsmanship, this bookshelf makes an instant heirloom.
Designer: Dwell Studio
18. Vannicola Arlecchina Bookcase:
Vannicola Arlecchina is a bookcase in 12mm tempered glass with matt lacquered MD elements. The glass structure of the Bookcase has holes to insert colorful cubes which create both irregular and asymmetric of volumes and shelves.
Designer: Paola Palma and Carlo Vannicola
19. Bibliothèque Zelli Bookcase:
Designed by Younes Duret, the Bibliothèque Zelli Bookcase is a contemporary design that would remind the shape of a snowflake. With its unique design, Bibliothèque Zelli Bookcase creates an interesting pocket for storage and creative methods for organizing items as well.
Designer website: http://www.extru-d.com
20. Billy Wilder Bookcase:
Billy Wilder bookcase is essentially meant to be a playful provisional storage system for unsorted magazines, newspapers and books.
21. Mark Reigelman Bookshelf:
The simple and yet clever design of this book shelf is from Mark Reigelman. If you want to have it then you would be the first to have such a thing, as it is only a prototype.
Designer: Mark Reigelman
22. Quattro Line Bookshelf:
Design ideas provided by Yedidia Blonders, this particular bookshelf design is a great example to have more space for your books.
You can store more books with this simple and modern bookshelf design. While resting against the wall, the books will stand on the line and touches only the bar.
Designer: Yedidia Blonder
23. Pulsline Bookshelf:
Pulsline Bookshelf is creatively designed by Mans Salomonsen. With this bookshelf design, you can place more books and items, not just a few magazines and a few little items; it is possible to store more books. Although it may look like it won't but actually it's the opposite of what you think.
Designer website: https://steneby.se/
24. Carlton bookcase:
If you love rainbow colors then you would certainly like Carlton bookcase from Memphis Italy. Originally designed by Ettore Sottsass in the 1980s.This particular multicolored bookcase is made of laminated pattern.
The top look of the bookcase can appear like a children's dresser. The rest of the bookcase is entirely wild building, out from the two drawer area.
Designer: Ettore Sottsass
25. Alog Bookshelf:
Featuring a wall mounted modular block and easily detachable shelves, Alog bookshelf is a modular shelving system made from ash and MDF.
The excellent design of the bookshelf allows you to place them in various compositions and combinations of shelves. With strong roots in language of functions and graphic design, it will serve as both visual wall display and book shelving.
Designer: Johannes Herbertsson & Karl Henrik Rennstam
26. David Restorick Bedside Bookshelf:
With different shapes available from classic house shape to simple and useful furniture piece for storage, this wall mounted bookshelf incorporates one of your favorite shapes.
David Restorick has brilliantly designed this particular storage unit for different purpose besides than traditional bookshelf.
Designer website: http://www.davidrestorickinteriors.co.uk/
27. Articulated Bookshelf:
Articulated book storage unit is one of the newest creations of Bertrand Pincemin. Articulated book shelves expands and collapse from one to six sections with high folding and unfolding system that rotates on pivot joints. You can easily fix it to the wall or accommodate it to the curved walls or corners.
Designer website: http://bertrand.pincemin.free.fr/
28. Cantilever Bookshelf:
Essentially, this particular Cantilever bookshelf is made with structural steel sheet that could counter concrete weight and a custom piece of steel sheet, which is slotted down at the centre to accommodate and adjustable bookend that stops the books from falling over as they are placed farther down the shelf.
This is a simplified design of cantilevered bookshelf that has eliminated any kind of connection pieces between the counterweight and the steel plate.
29. Yet Wall Light Bookshelf:
Yet Wall Light Bookshelf is creatively designed to express its dual nature of wall light as well as modular shelf console.
The unique Y shape of the bookshelf was specially designed to make use of the light of a simple fluorescent bulb, throughout its surface and length. Additionally, it serves as an endless combination to decorate the wall with light.
Designer: Kairos Studio
30. Piola Bookcase:
Although you may love traditional bookcases to display your favorite reads, Piola bookshelf would certainly include to your “must have one day” list undoubtedly.
With completely new storage system, Piola bookshelf is a new modern wall bookcase that is specially designed just to make things beautiful for eyes. Striking the balance between art and perfect storage system, Piola bookshelf with large rectangular hook that form book would definitely look great in any space.
31. Skew bookcase:
These funky “Skew” modular bookshelves are alternately stacked Lego style to give a much-needed dose of action to your otherwise boring book collection.
Watch them slide towards your “alternative lifestyle” collection of severed heads and tingle at the possibility of a serious paper cut. Still only a prototype, each shelf of the skew bookcase is made from a single modular piece. When multiple pieces are joined or rotated together, it creates an alternately sloping shelf.
Designer website: http://www.smansk.com/
Vincent Law reports:
Yet another excellent action. We're getting better.
Identity Evropa did a remarkably simple and powerful action the other day.
Self-identified white nationalists have left candles on Pier 14 following the acquittal of San Francisco murder suspect, @GadiNBC reports on @TODAYshow pic.twitter.com/LRmxn9KBa7 — NBC News (@NBCNews) December 1, 2017
Notice how simply, touching and NORMAL it was?
It would be hard to associate goose-stepping Neo-Larpism with making a shrine to a murdered woman killed by an illegal alien criminal. But the media and anti-White institutions in this country took that as a challenge.
The @ADL_SF has a profile on the white supremacists who created the Kate Steinle tribute at Pier 14. https://t.co/ISiKzVvsSe pic.twitter.com/ZYgRwEVFJe — KTVU (@KTVU) December 1, 2017
As many of you know by now, Trump had some choice words to say about the verdict.
The media narrative was something to behold. A shrine to a dead woman was turned into a White Supremacist “hate shrine”. Which is exactly what we need more of.
This is a winning formula on many levels. First, it triggers the media and anti-White establishment into overreacting. In fact, the city has removed the “hate shrine” as of this writing.
Second, it is hard to argue with a topic as emotionally charged as the brutal murder of an American woman by an illegal. It's a good hill for us to fight on, and a bad one for the Left to die on.
Third, it is always a good idea to be in agreement with President Donald Trump on an issue. We should counter-signal the man only when we have to, and latch onto whatever they tweet out at 4am and amplify it if it matches up with our agenda.
It's not hard to see why inquisitive White minds might start having doubts about why a memorial to a murdered woman is a no-no now. And it's a sobering thought that “Bronx Juries” of non-Whites and liberals will now let actual murderers get away with their crimes and do it to stick it to Whites.
We all know by now that if there were such a ruling for the killer of some black criminal, there would be a Cat 5 chimpout by Blacks. Meanwhile, so far, even the parents of the dead girl are coming out against the “hate shrine” dedicated to their daughter.
I don't know about you, but the self-loathing and cowardliness of most Whites is difficult to witness day in and day out.
And the day of reckoning when the grapes of White wrath will be harvested always seems to be in the indefinite future.
But Kate Steinle will become a rallying point for ethno-nationalists all over the country despite what their parents and the anti-White media think about the matter. And I think we're going to hear a lot more about Kate Steinle in the coming days.
[Source: Altright.com]
Political Power for European Americans!
European peoples should organize and advance our own interests just like every other group. Join our fight for Heritage and Identity!
The American Freedom Party needs your help! Send $10, $20, $50, $100, or any contribution you can via PayPal “Send Money” to treasurer@american3rdposition.com or click here:
The American Freedom Party (AFP) supports the right to keep and bear arms. Emancipate yourself from the dinosaur Democrat and Republican parties. The American Freedom Party (AFP) supports the right to keep and bear arms. Emancipate yourself from the dinosaur Democrat and Republican parties. Join a National Party that puts America first, The American Freedom Party!
Support American Freedom Party growth and our heritage of Western civilization! The American Freedom Party is the only party that addresses issues concerning European-American communities and all Americans.
Nationalism! Not Globalism! — America First! Not America Last!
Freedom from Republicans. Freedom from Democrats. American Freedom Party! Political Power for European-Americans!
European-Americans should push back! European-Americans should abandon the Republicans and Democrats. Change your party allegiance to the American Freedom Party. A Nationalist Party that shares the customs and heritage of the European American people. We need a Nationalist Party interested in defending our borders, preserving our language and promoting our culture. The American Freedom Party is not beholden to foreign governments, special interest groups, nor Wall Street. The American Freedom Party is for America First!
$ Renew Now with Card
It's been a yearly tradition in Canada since the turn of the century: The Montreal Impact and Vancouver Whitecaps gunning for the Voyageurs Cup.
When the clubs face off on Wednesday as the two-legged final of the Amway Canadian Championship kicks off (7:30 pm ET; Sportsnet World in Canada, MLS LIVE in the USA), they'll be fighting not just for the right to hoist that trophy, but also for a berth in the 2016-17 CONCACAF Champions League.
That Champions League berth may dominate the headlines surrounding the games, but it is the Voyageurs Cup – which predates the Canadian Championship tournament and even MLS's arrival in Canada – that carries with it the weight of years of shared history between the two clubs.
The cup also carries the name of the Canadian national team's supporters' group that created, paid for and still owns the trophy to this day.
--
After the collapse of the old Canadian Soccer League in the early 1990s, fans yearned for some sort of domestic cup competition to determine a champion among the few Canadian clubs remaining on the North American soccer pyramid.
“For years, the [Canadian Soccer Association] promised a domestic Canadian cup,” says Dwayne Cole, a long-time Voyageurs member. “We were promised and promised, and it never came to fruition.”
So the group – buoyed by a spike in interest after Canada's surprise win at the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup – decided to do it themselves.
The idea was first pitched on the Voyageurs' message board in March 2002, and interest quickly grew. After some discussion, it was decided the trophy would be awarded to whichever of the four Canadian clubs in the USL A-League – the Impact, Whitecaps, Toronto Lynx and Calgary Storm – collected the most points against each other during the season.
Then came the question of what the trophy would look like – and how it would be paid for.
“We had a vote on what kind of trophy we should have,” recalls Cole. “A number of things came up; it was actually my trophy idea that won.”
Cole, who had been responsible for much of the group's fundraising since its inception in 1996, took on the task of collecting funds for the Voyageurs Cup. In all, approximately 45 members sent in donations ranging from a few bucks to several hundred dollars; Cole estimates the fundraising total at between $3,500 and $4,000.
That bought the cup — made at a shop in Cole's hometown of Winnipeg — and a solid oak case, meant to protect the trophy over the years.
“Originally, the big thing was, ‘How is this thing going to survive going back and forth across the country?', because that's what we envisioned,” says Cole. “But that never came into play.”
Indeed, the trophy simply stayed in Montreal, as the Impact won the first edition of the Voyageurs Cup in 2002 and just kept on winning, year after year.
--
In 2007, Toronto FC entered MLS but were not eligible for the Cup, since only the Impact and Whitecaps played each other head-to-head in the USL First Division.
“When MLS came into play, that was the next chapter,” says Cole. “Then, suddenly, the CSA were going to do something.”
With the new-look CONCACAF Champions League starting up in August 2008, the CSA needed a competition to determine its entrant (the Canadian Championship), and a trophy to award to that tournament's winner. Though the Voyageurs Cup would have seemed like a natural fit, Cole says CSA officials weren't keen on using the fan-made trophy at first. So they got to work on changing their minds.
“The first thing I did is I got the different fan groups on board, then I got the clubs on board. And really at that point, the CSA was in a bit of a bind,” says Cole. “We made an agreement, and we went with it. I think it was a win-win. The CSA got to borrow the Voyageurs Cup, they got the history and the credibility.”
The deal stipulated that, starting in 2008, the CSA would manage the trophy and award it to the winner of the Canadian Championship. But the trophy itself remains the property of the Voyageurs and, continuing a tradition that began in 2002, one of its members is the one who actually presents the Cup to the winning team.
No one knew what to expect in terms of attendance or interest in that first year of the Canadian Championship. But games in all three cities were either sellouts or close to them. When all was said and done, the Impact claimed the Voyageurs Cup for the seventh consecutive year – and parlayed it into an exciting run to the quarterfinals of the 2008-09 CONCACAF Champions League.
“There is the pride and sense of accomplishment that [the Voyageurs Cup] has lasted, that there is a significance to it,” says Gordon Twigg, a Saskatoon-based health care manager who contributed $200 to the Cup's formation. “My wife is getting bored of hearing the story of how I was involved in the creation of the cup every year!”
The cup continued to gain significance as the years went on, as a team other than the Impact finally claimed it (Toronto FC won four straight years, from 2009-12), and as the number of eligible teams eventually climbed to five (with FC Edmonton and the Ottawa Fury joining the NASL).
“Did anyone think this would become a nationally broadcast tournament? Not in a million years,” says Cole. “I can guarantee you, all of those original donors are very happy. Good God, all the games are on television. In many ways, it's one of the few success stories of Canadian soccer.”
--
These days, Cole is largely silent on the Voyageurs' message board, and they stepped back from their organizational involvement with the group several years ago. But another original donor, Jamie MacLeod, has stepped up to provide much of the organizational work that makes the ongoing presence of the Voyageurs possible.
To him, the cup is emblematic of what can be accomplished in the Canadian game.
“A lot of people probably don't even know we have a national team, let alone a supporters' group, let alone a cup developed by the supporters,” they say. “The culture is there. It isn't about creating it; it's about growing it and getting people to be a part of it.”
MacLeod also took over Cole's job of identifying, on a yearly basis, a Voyageurs member in the appropriate city and asking them to present the trophy. While handing out a national title in front of a big crowd would seem like a great experience for any fan, it doesn't always turn out that way – as Whitecaps fan Ben Massey found out back in 2013.
The Whitecaps had come close to claiming the Voyageurs Cup before, most famously in 2009 when Toronto FC posted a 6-1 win over the Impact – the so-called “Miracle in Montreal” – to deny Vancouver the trophy on goal difference.
But things were looking good in the second leg of the 2013 Canadian Championship final. After a 0-0 draw against Montreal at Stade Saputo in the first leg, the 'Caps held a 2-1 lead at BC Place heading into the game's final minutes.
“When Jamie asked me [to award the trophy], I thought, ‘Well, what if Montreal wins? It might suck,'” recalls Massey. “But if I say no, I'd regret not doing it forever. It's just the way the game wound up going that was particularly grueling.”
With just six minutes left in regulation, the Impact leveled the score at 2-2, which was enough to give them the aggregate win on away goals. Massey, just minutes after believing their club was about to finally win their first Voyageurs Cup, had to instead walk out and present it to their long-time rivals.
Their displeasure was crystal clear to anyone watching on television.
“With great effort and great concentration, it's possible to be neutral in a situation when you're emotionally invested,” they say. “But I don't think it can be done mere minutes after being emotionally shattered by the one team in the world you'd least like to get shattered by.”
Even so, Massey says he'd do it all over again. To him, the Voyageurs Cup is a representation of all that's good, and all that's possible, in Canadian soccer.
“If 45 fans could get a few A-League teams together and turn that into a real, legit Canadian championship, what can't we do?” they say. “That's amazing.”
--
What's next for the Voyageurs Cup? Starting this year, the finals of the Canadian Championship are being played in August, a format change that could theoretically open the door to a longer competition involving more teams. In fact, CSA president Victor Montagliani has said that an open Canadian Cup – the sort of competition that the Voyageurs Cup's creators envisioned all those years ago – is “a must” over the long term.
MacLeod says the group is exploring the potential of a women's Voyageurs Cup as well: “I really don't know how to do it, but we want to do it.”
Whatever the long-term future holds for the Voyageurs Cup (or Cups), the next chapter in its ongoing history will be written this month. Can the Impact claim the trophy for the third straight time and 10th time overall? Or can the Whitecaps finally break the curse and lift the national cup?
Either way, the trophy presentation will be one more round of validation for a group of supporters who wanted to make change in the Canadian game — and put their money where their mouths were.
In a tweet storm this morning, President Trump accused the Intelligence Community (IC) of leaking like a sieve and misread yet another opinion piece to support their line of reasoning. Before the headlines are completely taken over by in-depth explanations of how crazy this is, I think it's worth pointing out that Trump is not alone in inappropriately pointing the finger at the IC in an attempt to take the heat off the White House and the spotlight off its bombshell 36 hours.
I am referring, of course, to Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), Chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. As Aaron Blake of the Washington Post pointed out yesterday afternoon, Kellyanne Conway wasn't the only Republican with egg on their face after their badly timed defense of Flynn, just before Flynn's resignation as national security adviser. In a series of statements yesterday, Nunes didn't just express confidence in Flynn; they lashed out at those who persisted in seeing differently.
In a Fox interview, Nunes accused the press of "maliciously" attacking Flynn and blamed the unraveling disaster on "an unprecedented number of leaks.” Worse, after Flynn's resignation, Nunes immediately sought to swivel the spotlight from Flynn's alleged misconduct to the shenanigans by which the FBI allegedly uncovered it: “I expect for the FBI to tell me what is going on, and they better have a good answer,” said Nunes, according to the Post. “The big problem I see here is that you have an American citizen who had their phone calls recorded.”
Well, no. That's not the big problem. But Nunes is right that there are a troubling thing happening here involving forces well beyond Flynn.
Even if unintentionally, Nunes's attempt to transform a major national security scandal into a surveillance scandal misleads the public on the activities of the IC. Irrespective of how information about the calls between Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak was leaked, there is no way that Nunes is unaware that calls involving key Russian diplomats like Kislyak are monitored as a matter of routine. (And if Nunes is unaware of this, they have no business on, much less chairing, House Intelligence). So far, sources say that Flynn was not the target of the taps, and the fact that Flynn's identity was ascertained signifies no legal mischief whatsoever under FISA, as David Kris explains. As far as Nunes or the public yet knows, Nunes pointed the finger at the IC here for nothing more than doing its job, in what appears to have been a short-sighted effort to shift blame.
Timothy Edgar—and now Trump—has pointed out that the leaks themselves are criminal, but this is fundamentally different from claiming that Flynn was improperly surveilled. Among other things, the leaks themselves do not demonstrate misconduct on the part of the IC. They could have come from White House officials, current or former. Illegal wiretapping and leaks are very different animals.
If you find Nunes's allegation less than disturbing, note that Nunes may as well have ripped a page out of the Breitbart playbook: On Tuesday, the alt-right site published a full story accusing “the nation's intelligence services” of “political espionage against the newly-elected government.”
Perhaps Nunes is getting their news from Breitbart, or Breitbart is, without attribution, building whole stories on top of the irresponsible statements of Nunes and others. Either way, it doesn't look good for Nunes, whose most important job is doing their part to keep our country safe from foreign threats—a duty at odds with baselessly impugning the IC for endeavoring to do that.
Nunes's behavior is also a reminder that there are people other than Flynn who have demonstrated poor judgment over the course of this unfolding debacle. I don't just mean at the hot center of events—like the unnamed Trump advisers in that Times story who allegedly communicated with Russia in the year leading up to the election. I mean that at the periphery, too, plenty of people have conducted themselves without the facts or due restraint. Nunes is chief among them.
Recall that, as a member of Trump's transition team back in November, Nunes was one of the loudest supporters of Flynn's then-likely selection for the national security adviser post. “This is a guy who has the president's trust, has credentials with the military, credentials with the intelligence community and credibility with Congress,” said Nunes. “He's a very serious person. They take their job very seriously,” Nunes further stated, notwithstanding then-swirling questions about (among other things) Flynn's paid appearance at a Kremlin propaganda gala. In light of Nunes's no-holds-barred endorsement of Flynn, it is understandable that the emerging revelations of Flynn's misleading representations about their conversations with the Russians would make Nunes uncomfortable. But this is all the more reason to remain quiet and wait for the facts to emerge. Instead, Nunes went to bat for Flynn and the White House.
This was not just partisan behavior. It is a failure to act with adequate consideration for Nunes's responsibilities to and influence on intelligence matters as one of the Gang of Eight and as chairperson of the committee of jurisdiction.
Nunes's aggressively pro-administration posture has included over recent weeks hitting out at the IC and downplaying the Russian threat. They suggested back in early January, for example, that partisan politics accounted for the IC's conclusion that "Putin and the Russian government aspired to help President-Elect Trump's election.” When, during an interview, Chris Wallace quoted one of Trump's tweets and pointed out the then-President-elect didn't exactly sound "ready to crack down on the Kremlin," Nunes defended Trump's comments, arguing that "he wouldn't be the first president to want to be buddies with Putin."
All this marks a 180-degree turn for Nunes who, as recently as last spring, declared on CNN that "[t]he the biggest intelligence failure that we have had since 9/11 has been the inability to predict the leadership plans and intentions of the Putin regime in Russia.” Under the Obama administration, Nunes called out the IC, the White House, Congress and U.S. allies for being suckered into negotiating with Russia and "misjudg[ing] Putin for many, many years.”
The most encouraging development from Congress to date was the announcement yesterday from the heads of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen. Richard Burr (R-N.C.) and Sen. Mark R. Warner (D-Va.), that the committee's continuing probe must include "any contacts by any campaign individuals that might have happened with Russian government officials." The announcement came on the heels of Flynn's resignation and hours before the New York Times broke the news that members of Trump's campaign and other Trump associates repeatedly communicated with senior Russian intelligence officials last year.
The fact that Burr and Warner's bipartisan commitment is such cause for relief is itself telling. Such a commitment should be expected, considering that we are talking about information from multiple sources that people advising the sitting president had communicated for up to a year with the very foreign power that interfered with our election—and improper contacts with which got the National Security Adviser fired within four weeks of taking office. Yet we've seen no similar show of bipartisan concern in the House.
Even now, in fact, key Republicans specifically entrusted with oversight matters are attempting to turn the page on harms that by no means necessarily end with Flynn's resignation. For example, House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah)—who, like Nunes, was an aggressive proponent of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails and has been startlingly silent on ethical issues under Trump—declared yesterday that they have no intention of further probing Flynn ties to Russia. “It's taken care of itself at this point,” they said, just before the Times broke its story. Note how much less careful this comment was than that offered by House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.), who stated, in response to questions about whether further congressional investigation is necessary, “I'm not going to prejudge the circumstances surrounding this, I think the administration will explain the circumstances that led to this.”
At some point, the House of Representatives and its House Intelligence Committee chairperson are going to need to face the oversight music, however reluctant they are to do their part to orchestrate it.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.-- A social media campaign is gaining traction for their response to a controversial abortion bill signed into law by Indiana Gov. Mike Pence.
The group, called "Periods for Pence," gains thousands of likes daily and was created just a week ago. The group's creator, who wishes to remain anonymous, said they were inspired to create the page after reading HEA 1337, which prevents women from aborting a fetus due to Down syndrome or other genetic abnormalities. The measure also prohibits abortions sought on the basis of gender or race. Indiana is the second state in the nation to enact such a law.
The group asks women to call Gov. Pence's office and discuss their menstrual cycles.
"I went out and looked at the bill, and the more I read it I thought, 'this doesn't make any sense.' I can't understand it, the average Hoosier woman isn't going to be able to understand it. The parts I did understand were a little bit scary frankly," they said.
They told their husband that if Gov. Pence was so worried about what women are doing with their bodies, maybe they should call and tell them everything.
The group's description says, "Let Governor Mike Pence know what you think about their intrusive HEA 1337 bill. Women should have the right to make their own medical decisions!"
"I put it up on Facebook and the response was completely overwhelming," they said.
Members of the group call the governor's office and describe their periods in detail. Some men on the page even claimed to have done this on behalf of their girlfriends.
The page and its users have been posting transcripts of conversations with the governor's office.
The group's creator said most of the feedback they have received has been positive, although some question the tactics. The governor's office has not contacted them directly.
Gov Pence's office confirmed they are receiving these calls, but could not say how many they have gotten.
"They seem to be getting more exasperated," the group's creator said.
We received this statement from the governor's office:
“We are always willing to take calls from constituents who have questions, concerns or are looking for assistance.”
The group's creator said they are hoping the page gives Hoosier women a voice. She's also looking at various ways of expanding the reach of their message.
If given the opportunity to speak to Gov. Pence directly, they said they would explain that women who must make this decision are already going through a lot and it "doesn't seem like a very fair thing to put them through."
“It's a ridiculous idea to tell them about our periods and our uterus and vaginas and what's going on but I think it illustrates the gravity of this,” said Stephanie Dayton, a fan of the Periods for Pence page.
Dayton said they liked the page after they saw it shared by a friend, “There are so many more important things we need to worry about in this country and in this state," they said.
We're one on one w/ a fan of the "Periods for Pence" Facebook page... It's a talker. I'll tell you more @ 10 @FOX59 pic.twitter.com/fnt7oiQDtI — James Gherardi (@JamesGherardi) April 1, 2016
“The people who are joining this website or this Facebook page weren't going to vote for them anyhow,” said Republican Strategist, Mike Murphy.
Murphy does not think a grassroots swell of opposition like Periods for Pence will be enough to hurt the Governor in their November re-election.
“Right to life in this state is a winning issue, hands down,” they said.
Murphy says a law like HEA1337 may actually boost the Governor's popularity in a state known for electing pro-life candidates.
“Everybody believes in women's rights surely, but what they forget is there's a life there who's not being spoken for,” said Murphy.
In 2008, Jetta Darrow cast their vote for Hillary Clinton in the New Hampshire Democratic primary. They worried that Barack Obama wasn't experienced enough to be President, they thought Clinton had the right qualifications for the job, and the prospect of a woman in the White House excited them But this time around, Darrow, a 63-year-old office administrator for a civil-engineering company, has changed their mind. Since 2008, they say, they have buried their husband — a Vietnam veteran — but received only a quarter of their pension, their health care costs have risen, and they haven't seen a pay raise. All while struggling to help take care of their sick 11-year-old grandson.
They don't blame Obama or Clinton for their woes. But breaking “that highest, hardest glass ceiling” — as Clinton once described it — suddenly doesn't seem as urgent as fighting for struggling families like hers. So she's going with Bernie Sanders, the insurgent, self-identified socialist Senator from Vermont whose surprisingly strong challenge from Clinton's left flank has bedeviled the front-runner for much of this year.
“He spoke exactly to my concerns, as if they were living in my house, or my neighbor's house, or my sister's house,” Darrow says as they spread out snacks in the sunny kitchen of their Nashua home, which they share with their daughter, son-in-law, grandson and a poodle mix named Sugar. “He is the sincerest candidate.”
As Clinton has rebounded from a sluggish summer thanks partly to a widely praised showing in the first Democratic debate, Darrow represents a tiny but intriguing slice of the electorate: post-middle-age, Democratic women who are supporting Sanders despite the possibility that Clinton may represent the best chance in their lifetimes to see a woman in the White House. Interviews with dozens of these women in recent weeks, mostly in New Hampshire but also in states from Pennsylvania to California, reveal a wide range of reasons for supporting Sanders over Clinton. Some reject the premise that Clinton is the only woman likely to reach the presidency in their lifetime, citing other possibilities like Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Senator who decided not to run this year. Most take pains to say they are not rejecting Clinton, but are just excited by Sanders and their more liberal policy agenda. And almost all say the fact that Clinton is a woman simply doesn't matter to them as much as they thought it would.
“It's not about gender,” Darrow says. “It's about empathy.”
None of this is to say Clinton has a problem with female Democratic voters. They don't.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks at a 'Women for Hillary' campaign rally in Portsmouth, N.H. on Sept. 5. Brian Snyder—Reuters
Clinton — who will face off with Sanders again in the second debate on Saturday — generally gets favorable ratings from about 80% of the demographic in national and early-state public-opinion polls. Them support among women has, for the most part, risen and fallen in ways that track their support with Democratic voters at large. Them debate performance and their steady testimony before a GOP-led congressional committee investigating the Benghazi attack has solidified their status as the Democratic front-runner, with large leads in national polls. (A New York Times/CBS News poll released Thursday shows them leading Bernie Sanders by 19 points nationally.) Other recent polls show Clinton erasing Sanders' lead in New Hampshire, even gaining a small edge in the first-in-the-nation primary state where the Vermont Senator is strongest.
Almost nobody expects that women will abandon Clinton for Sanders in large numbers. But even though they're in the minority, the women who support Bernie Sanders are important. Women's votes could mean the difference between Sanders winning or losing New Hampshire; Clinton's advantage among women is slightly smaller in the state than it is nationwide. And Sanders almost certainly needs a victory in New Hampshire to stay viable for the rest of the primary. That's why he's starting to move their campaign from large rallies to more intimate settings where they can target pro-Clinton constituencies like women and African Americans.
Democratic presidential candidate, Senator Bernie Sanders (I, Vt.) meets supporters after a town-hall meeting in Florence, S.C., on Sept. 12, 2015 Melina Mara—The Washington Post/Getty Images
But female Sanders supporters also offer a glimpse into how some voters are weighing the historic nature of a female presidency against other political priorities. “The excitement of them being the first woman President is a little more muted than it was in 2008,” says Anna Greenberg, a Democratic strategist unaffiliated with any presidential campaign. “And that's just because she's been around.”
Determined not to let that excitement wane, Clinton is taking a different tack toward the historic nature of their campaign than they did in 2008. In that race, they largely avoided talking about their gender until victory was slipping away. This time, she's making it a key calling card of their candidacy — a way to rally supporters, to separate themselves from Obama, and to paint themselves as something other than a political insider during a year when populist disaffection is rewarding outsiders. They have called for a country in which “there are no ceilings for anyone,” and “where a father can tell their daughter, ‘You can be anything you want to be, including the President of the United States of America.'” They routinely mention their mother and granddaughter in campaign appearances, and images of little girls dressed up as Madame President litter their Instagram feed.
“Who can be more of an outsider than a woman President?” they said on the Today show last month.
The Clinton campaign doesn't seem worried. Officials of course never expected they would get unanimous support from them; such an expectation, one adviser says, would be sexist in its own right. “It's a double standard,” Clinton campaign pollster Joel Benenson says of “the assumption that a group of people based on gender, age, ethnicity, religion, ought to be on lockstep with a candidate.”
Even Clinton themselves says women shouldn't vote for a candidate merely because she's a woman. “I'm always in favor of women running,” they told TIME in a recent interview when asked about the appeal of Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina, the only woman in the GOP field. “But people need to hold women's policies up to light and determine what their answers to problems would be before deciding to support them.”
For some Sanders supporters in New Hampshire, that's exactly their reasoning. “Hillary is that polyester pant-suited lady from the '70s who lip-speaks feminism, but doesn't grapple with the issue of poverty,” says Sylvia Gale, a 66-year-old former state legislator and Sanders volunteer. “The best feminist for the job is Bernie Sanders.”
‘There will be another Hillary Clinton'
Dudley Dudley is as surprised as anyone by their support for Sanders. The 79-year-old broke barriers in New Hampshire as one of few female lawmakers in the 1970s, and most of their friends are backing Clinton. “I expected to support her, until I heard Bernie Sanders speak,” they say over popovers at a café in Portsmouth, N.H. “I will work very hard for them if they get the nomination, but I'm hoping that Bernie Sanders becomes President.” Dudley, who made headlines in New Hampshire when they prevented shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis from building an oil refinery off the coast in the 1970s, is from the generation that made the first push to get women elected to office in large numbers. Them unusual name — their first name plus their married last name — became their political tagline when they ran for Congress with the slogan “Dudley Dudley, Congress Congress” (she lost).
But even among some women of this barrier-breaking generation, the idea of seeing a female President doesn't carry the urgency one might expect.
A woman holds up a sign at a rally for democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders on Nov. 8, 2015, in Las Vegas. John Locher—AP
“Is it that important of a goal?” asks Darrow, the office administrator. “I know Hillary's prowomen, but Bernie's definitely prowomen. I just feel he'll fight a little harder, he's not beholden to anyone.”
And after the race barrier fell with Obama's historic election, some think it's only inevitable that the gender barrier will fall by the wayside, too — if not now, then next time.
“I don't think of it as now-or-never,” says Dudley. “There will be another Elizabeth Warren, another Hillary Clinton.”
That might be wishful thinking for older women, Greenberg says. The Republican wave elections of 2010 and 2014 decimated a generation of rising Democratic politicians, leaving the party's bench especially bare at the gubernatorial level, which is often a pipeline to the presidency (of 18 Democratic governors, three are women). Elizabeth Warren will be 75 on Election Day in 2024, well past Clinton (69 on Election Day) and Ronald Reagan (69 when they took office). And there are only a handful of Democratic women in the Senate who will be younger than 70 before the next presidential election. (Among them, New York's Kirsten Gillibrand, 48, is seen by some as having a promising future on the national stage.)
If Clinton isn't elected, the first female President could just as easily be a Republican, Greenberg says. “As someone who personally would like to see a woman President,” they say, “I'm a bird-in-hand person.”
Pro-Sanders, not anti-Clinton
For Dudley, Sanders' positions on income inequality and money in politics are more important than any loyalty they might feel for a fellow woman politician. “It's not anti, it's pro,” they say. “I don't really have anything bad to say about Hillary.”
The vast majority of female Sanders supporters agree with Dudley: they're motivated by affection for Bernie Sanders, not aversion to Hillary Clinton.
But among some New Hampshire voters who see Sanders as an antidote to big-money politics, Clinton hatred runs high. Laura Thompson, a 57-year-old freelance writer who calls themselves the “original feminazi,” says they resent the idea that all women should rally behind Hillary. “She assumes that we are their constituency. We are not,” Thompson says emphatically over coffee in Keene, N.H. Thompson, who volunteered for Sanders and says they gave them their first-ever campaign contribution, vowed to sit out the election if Clinton is the nominee.
Most Democratic women backing Sanders, however, say the stakes are too high to sit out a general election if Clinton ultimately is their nominee. “I'd have to hold my nose and vote for her,” says Dottie Oden, a 68-year-old retired teacher backing Sanders.
Morgan Dudley, Dudley's daughter, says they thought she'd support Clinton — until they heard Sanders' ideas on making college affordable. The younger Dudley, who is in their 50s and works in university development, is disappointed with what they see as Clinton's flip-flopping. But they say Clinton could win them over if they took an unpopular stance on a major issue: “That's how you gain people's trust — saying ‘I know this isn't popular, but it's the best thing for the country.'”
'Ready for Hillary' stickers, in support of Hillary Clinton. Spencer Platt—Getty Images
As they prepare for the second Democratic debate this weekend, Clinton can take comfort in the fact that most Democratic women don't need convincing. “Hillary has been through everything,” says Jennifer Dollar, a 53-year-old Clinton supporter in Nashua, who sees the candidates' battle scars and flexibility on policy as assets, not liabilities. “I fight for something, I call, I write letters, and then they change,” they say. “Am I going to attack that?”
And even the most enthusiastic female Sanders supporters say they were impressed by Clinton's strength in the first debate and the congressional hearing before hostile Republican critics. Clinton, Darrow says, “handled themselves with fantastic grace.”
“If they got the nomination,” Darrow says, “I'd be happy and hopeful.”
See an Intimate Portrait of Hillary Clinton Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME 1 of 9 Advertisement
Write to Charlotte Alter at charlotte.alter@time.com.
A frustrated Premier Kathleen Wynne says they have had it with NDP Leader Andrea Horwath's ongoing public rollout of post budget demands. “It really isn't helpful to be having to deal with issues one at a time in the press,” Wynne told reporters in Parry Sound Friday, adding they have been trying to speak face-to-face with Horwath for three weeks now.
Ontario Ombudsman Andre Marin should be able to monitor the provincial health care system, says NDP leader Andrea Horwath. ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star )
“I can't do this in public day after day. We need to have a discussion about what it is they are looking for,” they said, Earlier Friday, Howarth said Ontario's ombudsman should be given oversight of hospitals and the health care system following the chemotherapy and ORNGE air ambulance scandals. In their latest push to wheedle more from Wynne's spring budget, possibly averting an election, Horwath recycled their ombudsman idea to make the minority Liberal government more accountable.
Article Continued Below
“Their system of throwing millions at a problem and saying ‘just trust me' hasn't produced results,” said Horwath, who wanted a five-day home-care guarantee in a budget packed with NDP ideas but got a five-day target instead. “We're not asking for more, we're just asking for things to be done right.” Horwath hedged when asked if their latest demand — on top of a $2.5 million-a-year “financial accountability office” — is a deal-breaker as the NDP considers whether to force an election. “I'm not drawing lines in the sand,” they said, echoing a line used repeatedly last spring when the NDP eventually let the budget pass. Wynne has said the budget earlier this month met most of the demands the NDP had, but now they are looking for a decision from the New Democrats whether they are going to support the budget or not.
“That's why I want a meeting,” they said Friday. “On the merits of the budget as it stands now I would expect their support.”
Article Continued Below
Wynne said it is difficult to pass judgment until the New Democrat demands — in addition to a handful of conditions set in February, such as lower auto insurance premiums — are on the table. Horwath said giving Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin oversight of hospitals, ambulance services, community care access centres and nursing homes is long overdue — particularly after the errors made in chemotherapy dosing in the last year. “Who can a patient call when the health care system has failed them? There is no independent body to hear your call,” they said. “But when you're in a jail you can call the Ontario ombudsman. In fact, their number is on the pay phones in corrections facilities,” they added. “Let's give seniors and families in Ontario the same right as someone in a corrections facility to an accountable ombudsman.” Ombudsman Andre Marin has consistently called for oversight — as have previous office holders — of the so-called MUSH sector (Municipalities, Universities, School boards, Hospitals and long-term care homes, as well as children's aid societies and police). Health Minister Deb Matthews has previously rejected ombudsman oversight of health, saying hospitals and ORNGE have their own staff in that role. Horwath said she'll be ready to meet with Wynne after presenting more ideas from NDP public consultations with the public “early next week.” “It's not our job to wrap this up in a little gift package with a tiny little bow and make the premier happy, it's about making sure Ontarians have a say.” The Progressive Conservatives have vowed to vote against the budget, leaving Horwath with the balance of power. Conservative MPP Monte McNaughton (Lambton-Kent-Middlesex) accused them of playing an “expensive game” of making more demands. “We have to stop this nonsense. For Andrea Horwath and the NDP to come here one day and call the government corrupt, and now they are considering propping up this (Liberal government) is wrong . . . what we need is a change in government.”
Read more about:
Heart disease is the number one killer of women in America. Approximately 26% of women who die in this country every year die of heart disease – that's about 316, 000 women a year. And, a new study reveals that women who have heart attacks are more likely (15%) to die in the hospital than men who have heart attacks (10%).
There are a number of reasons for this. As USA Today reported yesterday, “women are less likely to get immediate treatment to stop the heart attack in its tracks: clot-busting drugs, balloon procedures to open the arteries or bypass surgery.” This delay accounts, in part, for the five percent disparity in in-hospital death rates.
The study also found that women often fail to realize that they are having a heart attack – and so do doctors. This is because heart attack symptoms in women can be different than they are in men. The symptoms we most commonly associate with a heart attack, like pain in the left arm and tightness in the chest, don't always occur in women. The study found that 42% of women who have heart attacks never experience the “classic heart attack symptom” of tightness or pain in the chest. Instead, they may develop pain in the back or jaw, light-headedness, nausea, vomiting and shortness of breath.
Heart attacks kill people of both sexes, but they affect female bodies differently than they affect male ones. The problem with having “male” as the default in medical research, and even in public health awareness campaigns, is that it fails to account for these differences, often with serious or even fatal consequences. The common heart attack symptoms for female bodies are ones we often associate with panic attacks or anxiety, especially when they appear in women.
That is exactly what happened to my mother. When I was a teenager, mom had a heart attack. They were fifty-one. They were driving when the symptoms happened, but luckily, they aren't alone. My sister, who had just gotten their learner's permit, was in the car, and they happened to be just a few minutes' drive from an emergency room. Mom told my sister that something was wrong and that they needed to go to the hospital, so my sister jumped behind the wheel and drove to the hospital.Once they got to the ER, Mom told doctors that they thought they were having a heart attack. They were fairly certain they were having a panic attack. Mom insisted that it was their heart, and they were right. They were treated for a heart attack, and though it took them a while to recover, their recovery was full; they are alive, and well, and there was no permanent damage done to them heart.
The reason they recovered fully is because they got the right treatment, and they got it fast. Heart health experts call the one hour window after symptoms of heart attack start “the golden hour,” in which it is essential to begin treatment.
As this study suggests, women are less likely to get treatment in that golden hour, partly because their symptoms manifest differently than men's, and partly because despite the numbers on women and heart disease, when we think heart attacks, we think men. These misconception affects both patients and doctors, and it creates real disparities in healthcare – and in mortality rates.
February is American Heart Month, and 2012 marks the tenth anniversary of The Heart Truth, a heart disease awareness campaign targeted specifically at women. If you've never considered the possibility that you might be at risk for heart disease, take a moment to read up on it today.
And if you find yourself lightheaded, nauseous, short of breath, or with sudden back pain, don't downplay it. Take a play out of my mom's book, and the advice of Suzanne Steinbaum, director of women and heart disease at Lenox Hill Hospital: “If you think you're having a heart attack, say it. And if you're wrong, then you're wrong.” But if you're right, you've got a much higher chance of getting treatment and making a full recovery.
Senator Feinstein Revives Stupid Idea That Internet Companies Are 'Materially Supporting Terrorism' If ISIS Members Use Their Sites
from the not-how-it-works dept
DiFi: have we tried slapping material support charges on companies for letting terrorists use their services? — Jenna McLaughlin (@JennaMC_Laugh) March 9, 2016
I heard that terrorists use hotels, credit cards, and phones, too. We're going to need a lot of indictments. https://t.co/N6HsYIz2Tb — Jameel Jaffer (@JameelJaffer) March 9, 2016
Last year, FBI Director James Comey floated a ridiculous idea that retweeting ISIS tweets could be seen as "material support" for terrorism. Indeed, an American teenager got sentenced to 11 years in jail for pro-ISIS tweets , with the "material support" being that some of those tweets linked to pages that taught people how to use Bitcoin. Some have taken this idea even further, and argued that internet companies can be slapped with "material support for terrorism" claims or charges if they let ISIS members or other terrorists make use of their services.This is ridiculous for many, many reasons, not the least of which is that (like in the encryption debate) it seems to presume that there's some algorithm to magically determine who is good (not a terrorist) and who is bad (terrorist!). And just like ridiculous and impossible arguments for "kicking ISIS off the open web" -- it would be ridiculously counterproductive. Not only would it be ridiculously costly to internet companies, but it would actuallya major source of intelligence about terrorist groups, since they often reveal useful things on social media.But guess who's seriously thinking about looking to see if it's possible to slap "material support of terrorism" charges on internet companies? Why, it's a Senator who actually isas California companies, Senator Dianne Feinstein. Jenna McLaughlin, a national security reporter for The Intercept, noted that Feinstein floated the idea this week, as if Feinstein had just thought of it:We've already discussed how dumb an idea this is (even more so that it comes from a California Senator), but ACLU deputy legal director Jameel Jaffer had an excellent response as well , highlighting the sheer stupidity of Feinstein's suggestion:
Filed Under: dianne feinstein, first amendment, intermediary liability, internet companies, isis, material s upport, material support for terrorism, terrorism
My Santa is the shiz!!! Obviously the most important items were the four bouncy balls that they got for my pup (see video!). They love balls in general, but played with this one for a straight 5 minutes. We have a record. Video: http://youtu.be/Re6jPVHXK1Y
They also are very thoughtful and got me Netter's Anatomy flashcards which are GREATLY APPRECIATED - it's so much easier for me when I can see things and focus on one at a time. Well timed as I am in for a whole year of A&P starting in January and these will likely serve me well all the way through nursing school. I'm really psyched to get an early start over break now that I have them.
Next we have an FM transmitter car thing for me to use with my iPad and apparently it also charges it. This will make my school commute MUCH better now that I'll be able to jam out easier.
And finally - CHRISTMAS LIGHTS (and a whole lotta hooks to keep them up)!!!! I had to move back home with my mom a while ago and have been on a mission to make my room a bit snazzier. I mentioned them in my likes/dislikes and boy did they deliver. THEY CHANGE COLOR!!!! Seriously, they are so pretty and really give the room that something that I've been looking for.
J aka pocketfullof, thank you so much for doing this for me. From the bottom of my heart you have made me so happy and more excited for Christmas. I hope you have wonderful holidays as well.
China orbited its fourth tracking and data relay satellite in the Tianlian-1 range known as ‘Sky Link' on Tuesday. The launch took place at 15:24 UTC from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in Sichuan Province, utilizing a Long March 3C/G2 launch vehicle.
Chinese Launch:
The Chinese tracking and data relay satellites were developed by the China Academy of Space Technology (CAST) and it is similar to the American Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System (TDRSS) in its concept.
The system is designed to support near-real-time communications between orbiting spacecraft and ground control. The system will complement the ground-based space tracking and telemetry stations and ships to support future space projects.
Like its predecessors, the Tianlian-1 (4) satellite is based on the DFH-3 bus. The DFH-3 (Dongfanghong-3) platform is a medium-capacity telecommunications satellite platform designed and developed by CAST.
The spacecraft can carry multiple telecommunications payloads for providing numerous services, such as fixed communication, international satellite communication, national and regional communication, wideband data communication, mobile communication and direct broadcast; military communication, spacecraft tracking and data relay.
The platform comprises six subsystems: control, power, propulsion, measurement & control, structure and thermal control subsystem. The platform configuration features module subdivision, which includes communication module, propulsion module, service module and solar array. The platform also adopts three-axis stabilized attitude control mode, having solar array output power of 1.7 kw by the end of its design lifetime of 8 years. It has a mass of 2,100kg with payload capacity 220kg.
The DFH-3 satellite platform has been successfully applied in DFH-3 satellite, Beidou navigation test satellite, and other satellites, all of which are currently operating normally.
During numerous flight missions, the maturity and reliability of the DFH-3 platform is China's proven system. Moreover, it has strong expansion capacity and can be upgraded to some space exploration missions, such as meteorological satellite, lunar resource satellite services.
Currently, Tianlian-1 (1) is positioned at 77°E. This satellite was launched on April 25, 2008 by the first Long March-3C launch vehicle.
Tianlian-1 (2) is positioned at 176.77°E, following its July 11, 2011 launch on a Long March-3C (Y8) launch vehicle. With the launch of Tianlian-1 (3) on July 25, 2012, China has managed full global coverage for its tracking and data relay system.
Launch vehicle and launch site:
The Long March-3C launch vehicle was developed to fill the gap between the Long March-3A and the Long March-3B, having a payload capacity of 3,800 kg for GTO or 9,100 kg to LEO. This is a three stage launch vehicle identical to the LM-3B but only using two strap-on boosters on its first stage.
The LM-3C/G2 is based on the LM-3C but has a lengthened first stage and boosters, which increases the GTO launch capability.
LM-3C provides two types of fairing and two kinds of fairing encapsulating process and four different payload interfaces, which is the same as LM-3B launch vehicle. The various fairing and interface adapter and the suitable launch capacity make LM-3C a good choice for the user to choose the launch service.
The development of the LM-3C started in February 1999. The rocket has a liftoff mass of 345,000 kg, sporting structure functions to withstand the various internal and external loads on the launch vehicle during transportation, hoisting and flight.
The rocket structure also combines all sub-systems together and is composed of two strap-on boosters, a first stage, a second stage, a third stage and payload fairing.
The first two stages as well as the two strap-on boosters use hypergolic (N2O4/UDMH) fuel while the third stage uses cryogenic (LOX/LH2) fuel. The total length of the LM-3C is 54.838 meters, with a diameter of 3.35 meters on the core stage and 3.00 meters on the third stage.
On the first stage, the LM-3C uses a DaFY6-2 engine with a 2961.6 kN thrust and a specific impulse of 2556.2 Ns/kg. The first stage diameter is 3.35 m and the stage length is 26.972 m.
Each strap-on booster is equipped with a DaFY5-1 engine with a 704.4 kN thrust and a specific impulse of 2556.2 Ns/kg. The strap-on booster diameter is 2.25 m and the strap-on booster length is 15.326 m.
The second stage is equipped with a DaFY20-1 main engine (742 kN / 2922.57 Ns/kg) and four DaFY21-1 vernier engines (11.8 kN / 2910.5 Ns/kg each). The second stage diameter is 3.35 m and the stage length is 9.470 m.
The third stage is equipped with two YF-75 engines developing 78.5 kN each and with a specific impulse of 4312 Ns/kg. The fairing diameter of the LM-3C is 4.00 meters and has a length of 9.56 meters.
Inaugurated on January 29, 1984, when the first Long March-3 was launched to orbit the Shiyan Weixing (14670 1984-008A) communications satellite, the Xichang Satellite Launch Centre is situated in the Sichuan Province, south-western China and is the country's launch site for geosynchronous orbital launches.
Equipped with two launch pads (LC2 and LC3), the centre has a dedicated railway and highway lead directly to the launch site. The Command and Control Centre is located seven kilometers south-west of the launch pad, providing flight and safety control during launch rehearsal and launch. Down range Tracking and Control stations of the launch center are located in Xichang City and Yibin City of Sichuan Province, and
Downrange Tracking and Control stations of the launch center are located in Xichang City and Yibin City of Sichuan Province, and Guiyang City of Guizhou Province. Each of them houses tracking and measurement equipment for the powered phase of a launch vehicle flight.
Other facilities on the Xichang Satellite Launch Centre are the Launch Control Centre, propellant fuelling systems, communications systems for launch command, telephone and data communications for users, and support equipment for meteorological monitoring and forecasting.
During 1993-1994 Xichang underwent extensive modernization and expansion, in part due to the requirements of the CZ-3 launcher family and in part to meet commercial customer needs.
Amazing Facts About Honey Bees
1. Honey bees must visit some 2 million flowers to make one pound of honey.
2. Honey bees fly about 55,000 miles to bring in enough nectar to make one pound of honey.
3. About one ounce of honey would fuel a honey bee's flight around the world.
4. Honey bees have been producing honey from flowering plants for about 10-20 million years.
5. The average honey bee worker makes 1/12 teaspoon of honey in their lifetime.
6. Honey bees contribute 8 to 10 billion dollars to the U.S. economy yearly.
7. Honey bees have four wings that are latched into pairs by hooks.
8. There are an estimated 200,000 beekeepers in the United States.
9. Honey bees are the only insects that produce food for humans.
10. The male honey bee, the drone, has a grandfather but no father.
11. The average honey bee flies between 12 and 15 miles per hour.
12. A honey bee flaps its wings about 12,000 times per minute.
13. A honey bee worker visits more than 2,000 flowers on a good day.
14. Honey bees communicate with one another by smell and dances.
15. The average summertime honey bee lives only about 28 to 35 days.
16. There are 3 million plus honey-producing colonies in the United States.
17. A honey bee visits between 50 and 100 flowers during one collection trip.
18. A typical healthy hive may contain up to 60,000 honey bees during peak times.
19. Honey bees make an average of 1,600 round trips in order to produce one ounce of honey.
20. Bees will travel as far as one or two miles from the hive to gather nectar.
21. Honey bees from a typical hive visit approximately 225,000 flowers per day.
22. Queen bees will lay as many as 2,000 eggs on a good day an average of one every 45 seconds.
23. A good queen bee will lay between 175,000 and 200,000 eggs per year.
24. The average central temperature of the brood nest is kept between 92-95 degrees Fahrenheit.
25. Beeswax production in most hives is only about 1.5% to 2.0% of the honey yield.
26. Approximately eight pounds of honey is eaten by bees to produce one pound of beeswax.
27. The Americas have no native honey bees – early pioneers first brought them from Europe.
28. Honey bees pollinate approximately 25% of all the foods humans consume.
29. Besides honey, honey bees produce wax and propolis, gather pollen, and produce royal jelly.
30. A typical foraging honey bee will work themselves to death in about three weeks.
Date: 2013-02-26
Intel Skylake-X and Kabylake-X to launch sooner than expected
Bench.Life, a Chinese website known for very accurate Intel-related leaks, has just confirmed with their sources that Intel has rescheduled the launch of X299 platform. According to the latest information, Intel's Basin Falls X299 platform is to launch a month sooner than previously expected.
Intel X299 platform was originally planned for 31st week of this year, which is early August (July 31st – August 6th). The new date for Skylake-X processor production is 25th week, which is 4th week of June (19th – 25th).
The date for qualification samples production has not changed and it's still 22nd week (May 29th – June 4th), which is interpreted by Bench.Life as an indication of a possible showcase at Computex, which starts on the same week (May 30th – June 3rd).
Both Skylake-X and Kabylake-X are to use the same LGA2066 socket (Socket R4) and both will lack integrated graphics processors. Kabylake-X CPUs will be offered with up to 4 cores while Skylake-X with up to 10 cores.
One could say that this change in Intel's plans could be somehow related to the latest rumors regarding AMD's HEDT platform, which is to offer up to 16-core processors, but so far AMD has not officially confirmed the existence of X399/X390 platform.
Source: Bench.life
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
AMD Polaris 20 confirmed Next Post
Devil caught in the act
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
British Airways canceled all flights from London's Heathrow and Gatwick airports on Saturday as a global IT failure upended the travel plans of tens of thousands of people on a busy U.K. holiday weekend.
The airline said it was suffering a "major IT systems failure" around the world. Chief executive Alex Cruz said "we believe the root cause was a power-supply issue and we have no evidence of any cyberattack."
Continue Reading Below
They said the crash had affected "all of our check-in and operational systems."
BA operates hundreds of flights from the two London airports on a typical day — and both are major hubs for worldwide travel.
Several hours after problems began cropping up Saturday morning, BA suspended flights up to 6 p.m. because the two airports had become severely congested. The airline later scrapped flights from Heathrow and Gatwick for the rest of the day.
The airline said it was working to restore services out of Heathrow and Gatwick beginning Sunday, although some disruptions are expected. It said it expected that London-bound long-haul flights would land on schedule Sunday.
The problem comes on a bank holiday weekend, when tens of thousands of Britons and their families are travelling.
Advertisement
Passengers at Heathrow reported long lines at check-in counters and the failure of both the airline's website and its mobile app. BA said the crash also affected its call centers.
Passenger Phillip Norton tweeted video of an announcement from a pilot to passengers at Rome's Fiumicino airport, saying the problem affects the system that regulates what passengers and baggage go on which aircraft. The pilot said passengers on planes that have landed at Heathrow were unable to get off because there was nowhere to park.
One person posted a picture on Twitter of BA staff writing gate numbers on a white board.
"We've tried all of the self-check-in machines. None were working, apart from one," said Terry Page, booked on a flight to Texas. "There was a huge queue for it and it later transpired that it didn't actually work, but you didn't discover that until you got to the front."
Another traveler, PR executive Melissa Davis, said their BA plane was held for more than 90 minutes on the tarmac at Heathrow on a flight arriving from Belfast.
They said passengers had been told they could not transfer to other flights because "they can't bring up our details."
Some BA flights were still arriving at Heathrow on Saturday, although with delays.
American Airlines, which operates code-share flights with BA, said it was unaffected.
Air industry consultant John Strickland said Saturday's problems would have "a massive knock-on effect" for several days.
"Manpower, dealing with the backlog of aircraft out of position, parking spaces for the aircraft —it's a challenge and a choreographic nightmare," they said.
Airlines depend on huge, overlapping and complex IT systems to do just about everything, from operating flights to handling ticketing, boarding, websites and mobile-phone apps. Some critics say complex airline technology systems have not always kept up with the times.
And after years of rapid consolidation in the business, these computer systems may be a hodgepodge of parts of varying ages and from different merger partners, all layered on top of each other.
A union official, meanwhile, blamed BA cost cutting for the travel chaos, saying the airline had laid off hundreds of IT staff last year and outsourced the work to India.
"This could have all been avoided," said Mick Rix, national officer for aviation at the GMB union.
While not that frequent, when airline outages do happen, the effects are widespread, high-profile and can hit travelers across the globe.
BA passengers were hit with severe delays in July and September 2016 because of problems with the airline's online check-in systems.
In August 2016, Delta planes around the world were grounded when an electrical component failed and led to a shutdown of the transformer that provides power to the airline's data center. While the system moved to backup power, not all of the servers were connected to that source, which caused the cascading problem.
Delta said it lost $100 million in revenue as a result of the outage. In January it suffered another glitch that grounded flights in the U.S. That same month, United also grounded flights because of a computer problem.
In July, meanwhile, Southwest Airlines canceled more than 2,000 flights after an outage that it blamed on a failed network router.
After the recent outages, outside experts have questioned whether airlines have enough redundancy in their huge, complex IT systems and test them frequently enough.
Emily Puddifer, who was trying to travel to Milan from Heathrow, said their weekend away has been canceled. I friends, who were going from Liverpool with a different airline, made it to Milan.
Reached via Twitter, Puddifer said in an email they understand that such technical failures happen. What they didn't understand, they said, was why there were "no announcements, no messages on the boards" about what was going on. Displays showing flight times had the words "please wait" next to flights instead of information about delays or cancellations.
Puddifer said passengers found out about the cancellations from news reports. It was chaos just to get out of the airport as people followed crowds but no one knew where to go, they said. Finally, they made it out, and they considered themselves lucky not to have checked luggage.
There are "thousands of people there with no idea where their bags are or what to do," they said.
___
Associated Press writer Jill Lawless reported this story in London and AP Technology Writer Ortutay reported from New York.
"ARM8" redirects here. For the ARMv8-A architecture, see ARMv8-A . For the ARMv8-R architecture, see ARMv8-R
This is a list of microarchitectures based on the ARM family of instruction sets designed by ARM Holdings and 3rd parties, sorted by version of the ARM instruction set, release and name. ARM provides a summary of the numerous vendors who implement ARM cores in their design.[1] Keil also provides a somewhat newer summary of vendors of ARM based processors.[2] ARM further provides a chart[3] displaying an overview of the ARM processor lineup with performance and functionality versus capabilities for the more recent ARM core families.
ARM cores [ edit ]
Designed by ARM [ edit ]
As Dhrystone is a synthetic benchmark developed in the 1980s, it is no longer representative of prevailing workloads – use with caution.
Designed by third parties [ edit ]
These cores implement the ARM instruction set, and were developed independently by companies with an architectural license from ARM.
Core Family Instruction set Microarchitecture Feature Cache (I / D), MMU Typical MIPS @ MHz StrongARM
(Digital) ARMv4 SA-110 5-stage pipeline 16 KB / 16 KB, MMU 100–233 MHz
1.0 DMIPS/MHz SA-1100 derivative of the SA-110 16 KB / 8 KB, MMU Faraday[53]
(Faraday Technology) ARMv4 FA510 6-stage pipeline Up to 32 KB / 32 KB cache, MPU 1.26 DMIPS/MHz
100–200 MHz FA526 Up to 32 KB / 32 KB cache, MMU 1.26 MIPS/MHz
166–300 MHz FA626 8-stage pipeline 32 KB / 32 KB cache, MMU 1.35 DMIPS/MHz
500 MHz ARMv5TE FA606TE 5-stage pipeline No cache, no MMU 1.22 DMIPS/MHz
200 MHz FA626TE 8-stage pipeline 32 KB / 32 KB cache, MMU 1.43 MIPS/MHz
800 MHz FMP626TE 8-stage pipeline, SMP 1.43 MIPS/MHz
500 MHz FA726TE 13 stage pipelines, dual issue 2.4 DMIPS/MHz
1000 MHz XScale
(Intel / Marvell) ARMv5TE XScale 7-stage pipeline, Thumb, enhanced DSP instructions 32 KB / 32 KB, MMU 133–400 MHz Bulverde Wireless MMX, wireless SpeedStep added 32 KB / 32 KB, MMU 312–624 MHz Monahans[54] Wireless MMX2 added 32 KB / 32 KB L1, optional L2 cache up to 512 KB, MMU Up to 1.25 GHz Sheeva
(Marvell) ARMv5 Feroceon 5–8 stage pipeline, single-issue 16 KB / 16 KB, MMU 600–2000 MHz Jolteon 5–8 stage pipeline, dual-issue 32 KB / 32 KB, MMU PJ1 (Mohawk) 5–8 stage pipeline, single-issue, Wireless MMX2 32 KB / 32 KB, MMU 1.46 DMIPS/MHz
1.06 GHz ARMv6 / ARMv7-A PJ4 6–9 stage pipeline, dual-issue, Wireless MMX2, SMP 32 KB / 32 KB, MMU 2.41 DMIPS/MHz
1.6 GHz Snapdragon
(Qualcomm) ARMv7-A Scorpion[55] 1 or 2 cores. ARM / Thumb / Thumb-2 / DSP / SIMD / VFPv3 FPU / NEON (128-bit wide) 256 KB L2 per core 2.1 DMIPS/MHz per core Krait[55] 1, 2, or 4 cores. ARM / Thumb / Thumb-2 / DSP / SIMD / VFPv4 FPU / NEON (128-bit wide) 4 KB / 4 KB L0, 16 KB / 16 KB L1, 512 KB L2 per core 3.3 DMIPS/MHz per core ARMv8-A Kryo[56] 4 cores. ? Up to 2.2 GHz (6.3 DMIPS/MHz) Ax
(Apple) ARMv7-A Swift[57] 2 cores. ARM / Thumb / Thumb-2 / DSP / SIMD / VFPv4 FPU / NEON L1: 32 KB / 32 KB, L2: 1 MB 3.5 DMIPS/MHz per core ARMv8-A Cyclone[58] 2 cores. ARM / Thumb / Thumb-2 / DSP / SIMD / VFPv4 FPU / NEON / TrustZone / AArch64 L1: 64 KB / 64 KB, L2: 1 MB, L3: 4 MB 1.3–1.4 GHz ARMv8-A Typhoon[58][59] 2 or 3 cores. ARM / Thumb / Thumb-2 / DSP / SIMD / VFPv4 FPU / NEON / TrustZone / AArch64 L1: 64 KB / 64 KB, L2: 1 or 2 MB, L3: 4 MB 1.4−1.5 GHz ARMv8-A Twister[60] 2 cores. ARM / Thumb / Thumb-2 / DSP / SIMD / VFPv4 FPU / NEON / TrustZone / AArch64 L1: 64 KB / 64 KB, L2: 2 MB, L3: 4 MB or 0 MB 1.85 or 2.26 GHz ARMv8-A Hurricane[61] 2 or 3 cores. AArch64, 6-decode, 6-issue, 9-wide, superscalar, out-of-order L1: 64 KB / 64 KB, L2: 3 or 8 MB, L3: 4 or 0 MB 2.34 or 2.38 GHz ARMv8-A Monsoon[62] 2 cores. AArch64, 7-decode, 6-issue, 10-wide, superscalar, out-of-order L1: 64 KB / 64 KB, L2: 8MB, L3: none 2.39 GHz ARMv8.3-A Vortex[63] 2 or 4 cores. AArch64, 7-decode, 6-issue, 10-wide, superscalar, out-of-order L1: 128 KB / 128 KB, L2: 8MB, L3: None 2.5 GHz X-Gene
(Applied Micro) ARMv8-A X-Gene 64-bit, quad issue, SMP, 64 cores[64] Cache, MMU, virtualization 3 GHz (4.2 DMIPS/MHz per core) Denver
(Nvidia) ARMv8-A Denver[65][66] 2 cores. AArch64, 7-wide superscalar, in-order, dynamic code optimization, 128 MB optimization cache,
Denver1: 28nm, Denver2:16nm 128 KB I-cache / 64 KB D-cache Up to 2.5 GHz Carmel
(Nvidia) ARMv8(t.b.d.) Carmel[67][68] 2 cores. AArch64, 10-wide superscalar, in-order, dynamic code optimization, ? MB optimization cache,
functional safety, dual execution, parity & ECC ? KB I-cache / ? KB D-cache Up to ? GHz ThunderX
(Cavium) ARMv8-A ThunderX 64-bit, with two models with 8–16 or 24–48 cores (×2 w/two chips) ? Up to 2.2 GHz K12
(AMD) ARMv8-A K12[69] ? ? ? Exynos
(Samsung) ARMv8-A M1/M2 ("Mongoose")[70] 4 cores. AArch64, 4-wide, quad-issue, superscalar, out-of-order 64 KB I-cache / 32 KB D-cache, L2: 16-way shared 2 MB 5.1 DMIPS/MHz (2.6 GHz) ARMv8-A M3 ("Meerkat")[71] 4 cores, AArch64, 6-decode, 6-issue, 6-wide. superscalar, out-of-order 64 KB I-cache / 32 KB D-cache, L2: 8-way private 512 KB, L3: 16-way shared 4 MB ?
ARM core timeline [ edit ]
The following table lists each core by the year it was announced.[72][73] Cores before ARM7 are not included.
Year Classic cores Cortex cores ARM7 ARM8 ARM9 ARM10 ARM11 Microcontroller Real-time Application
(32-bit) Application
(64-bit) 1993 ARM700 1994 ARM710
ARM7DI
ARM7TDMI 1995 ARM710a 1996 ARM810 1997 ARM710T
ARM720T
ARM740T 1998 ARM9TDMI
ARM940T 1999 ARM9E-S
ARM966E-S 2000 ARM920T
ARM922T
ARM946E-S ARM1020T 2001 ARM7TDMI-S
ARM7EJ-S ARM9EJ-S
ARM926EJ-S ARM1020E
ARM1022E 2002 ARM1026EJ-S ARM1136J(F)-S 2003 ARM968E-S ARM1156T2(F)-S
ARM1176JZ(F)-S 2004 Cortex-M3 2005 ARM11MPCore Cortex-A8 2006 ARM996HS 2007 Cortex-M1 Cortex-A9 2008 2009 Cortex-M0 Cortex-A5 2010 Cortex-M4(F) Cortex-A15 2011 Cortex-R4
Cortex-R5
Cortex-R7 Cortex-A7 2012 Cortex-M0+ Cortex-A53
Cortex-A57 2013 Cortex-A12 2014 Cortex-M7(F) Cortex-A17 2015 Cortex-A35
Cortex-A72 2016 Cortex-M23
Cortex-M33(F) Cortex-R8
Cortex-R52 Cortex-A32 Cortex-A73 2017 Cortex-A55
Cortex-A75 2018 Cortex-M35P Cortex-A76
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
But the lack of workers here in Minnesota made shifting business back home frustrating.
It had gotten to the point where new business sometimes felt like a headache, not an opportunity. As Mr. Miller was headed to Chicago for a sales pitch in February, for instance, they were more worried than excited about landing a new contract.
“What concerns me is, if I get it,” they said, “where are we going to find the people?”
In the various waves of American textile production, dating to the 1800s, the problem of an available and willing work force solved itself.
Little capital was required — the boss just needed sewing equipment and people willing to work. That made it an attractive business for newly arrived immigrants with a few dollars to their name and, often, some background in garment work. Typically, the mostly male factory owners would recruit female workers from their old countries for the grunt work.
From the 1840s until the Civil War, it was new arrivals from Ireland and Germany. From the 1880s through the 1920s, it was Russian Jews and Italians, who would buy newly mass-produced Singer sewing machines and often set up shops in their tenement apartments with wives, daughters and tenants making up the initial work force, said Daniel Katz, provost of the National Labor College and author of a book about the garment industry.
Puerto Ricans, who were given citizenship on the eve of American entry into World War I, and black migrants from the South rounded out the work force until the 1960s, when Chinese and Dominican laborers took over, Mr. Katz said.
In San Francisco and New York, a small number of Chinese women came to the United States despite the Chinese Exclusion Act in 1882 barring Chinese laborers, making up a base of garment workers. After 1965, when immigration restrictions eased and Chinese were allowed to join family members, greater numbers of women came and that pool of workers grew.
“It was pretty well known that basically the day after you landed, you'd be taken to a factory by a relative to learn how to use an industrial sewing machine,” said Katie Quan, associate chair of the Labor Center at the University of California, Berkeley. In Los Angeles, Latinos made up much of the work force. And in the Carolinas, Hmong immigrants filled textile manufacturing jobs well into the 1990s, halting — or at least delaying — the migration of jobs overseas, said Rachel Willis, an American studies professor at the University of North Carolina.
An arm's length government agency is launching an investigation into a Windsor police officer's alleged assault of a man in an apartment building stairwell.
The Office of the Independent Police Review Director can either investigate the matter itself, ask an outside police agency to look into it or else have the Windsor police launch a probe, said acting Windsor police Chief Al Frederick.
Frederick said Tuesday the IPRD was notified by their department even before the alleged victim came forward. That person met with police Monday and filed a complaint.
Frederick said the IPRD has six months to complete its probe, with any disciplinary requirements the responsibility of Windsor police.
The province's Office of the Special Investigations Unit said it won't be getting involved.
“The injuries are not serious in nature and so, as per legislation, we won't investigate, we won't invoke our mandate,” said SIU spokesperson Monica Hudon.
Const. Kent Rice, a 12-year veteran, was charged with assault and suspended with pay last Wednesday after video came to light of them allegedly assaulting a man lying on the floor at the Windsor Residence. Earlier that day, a director of the non-profit housing corporation delivered a copy of the video to the police department's professional standards branch, which investigates officer misconduct.
The 3½-minute surveillance video was recorded Feb. 22, beginning at 2: 18 a.m. at the building on McDougall Avenue.
The video shows a uniformed officer approaching a young black man lying on the floor. The officer bends over apparently speaking to the man, then suddenly punches them in the head.
Seventeen seconds later, the officer kicks the man in the stomach. After writhing around, the man sits up against the wall and the officer kicks them again, this time in the hip.
At no time during the video does the young man act aggressively toward the officer. Acting Chief Al Frederick, who said police were called to the building to break up a fight, confirmed that the 22-year-old Windsor man was never charged with any crime.
After receiving the video and charging Rice, police also launched a search for the victim. They tracked them down and took a statement from them on Monday.
Police said they have conducted a number of other interviews and expect to talk to several more witnesses.
The SIU probes cases where police sexually assault, seriously injure or kill someone.
According to SIU, serious injuries include those that are likely to “interfere with the health or comfort of the victim, and are more than merely transient or trifling in nature.”
Serious injuries will “initially be presumed” when a victim is admitted to hospital or suffers a fracture to a limb, rib, vertebrae or the skull.
Serious injuries are also presumed if the victim “suffers burns to a major portion of the body or loses any portion of the body or suffers loss of vision or hearing.”
twilhelm@windsorstar.com or 519-255-6850
California must wake up to looming fuel crisis
Gasoline prices are advertised at a gas station near Lindbergh Field as a plane approaches to land in San Diego, California in this June 1, 2008 file photo. To match Reuters Witness story OIL/TAXI in which, Daniel Fineren, who is a senior energy correspondent, describes their recent encounter with a Spanish taxi driver on the way home from the World Petroleum Congress. To match Reuters Witness story OIL/TAXI. REUTERS/Mike Blake (UNITED STATES) less Gasoline prices are advertised at a gas station near Lindbergh Field as a plane approaches to land in San Diego, California in this June 1, 2008 file photo. To match Reuters Witness story OIL/TAXI in which, ... more Photo: Mike Blake, Reuters Photo: Mike Blake, Reuters Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close California must wake up to looming fuel crisis 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
I lived in Berkeley for 16 years before getting around to stashing my 5 gallons of water and 20 cans of fruit cocktail. I'm as ready as can be for the big earthquake we're all waiting for. But what I'm not prepared for - what virtually no Californian is prepared for - is the other Big One: peak oil.
That's the day when we hit the tipping point, when demand for oil exceeds the supply.
Like it or not, oil fuels the engines of industrialized economies. In California, we burn through nearly 20 billion gallons of the stuff each year just driving around. Then there's the oil we use to grow and transport food and pump water, the oil that fuels planes, trains and cargo ships, and the oil that is embedded in every computer, every inch of asphalt and every bit of plastic. So imagine my surprise when I learned that oil supplies are running out - and that the federal government is doing nothing to prepare for it.
Speculation regarding the human impact of oil shortages runs the gamut from a deep recession to a second Great Depression to widespread famine and social disintegration. As an urban dweller with two kids, a 40-square-foot yard and little ability to keep houseplants alive, much less grow my own food, words like "famine" and Web sites likewww.dieoff.orgtend to hit my panic button.
As the third-largest refiner of crude oil in the United States and home to 206 oil fields, California has more petrol than most states. But we're also the third largest consumer of transportation fuels in the world, just behind the United States itself and China, and we import 45 percent of it from abroad.
Energy forecasting is a tricky business. On one side are those who say that we will never produce more oil than we do right now and should expect supplies to start dwindling rapidly by 2015 at the latest, at which point we're in deep trouble. Shell Oil recently joined their ranks: In January, its CEO called on the government to initiate a man-on-the-moon intensity project to prepare for the supply-demand gap.
On the other hand, skeptics don't see peak oil occurring before 2030, though they agree that the sooner we make the switch to alternative fuels, the better.
Whatever the case, we already feel the effects of a tight oil and natural gas market when we fill up our tanks and pay our PG&E bills. But it's hard to predict when exactly the supply crunch will really start mangling the economy - and changing the way we live.
The biggest oil and gas guzzler in the Golden State may surprise you - it's the food we eat. California's 11 million acres of cropland produce more food than any other state: Half of the nation's fruits, vegetables and nuts originate here, as do 1 out of every 5 glasses of milk. But the $32 billion-a-year agricultural industry is heavily dependent on fossil fuels, a fact that is just beginning to weigh on the minds of thrifty farmers alarmed by recent spikes in the price of petroleum-based pesticides, fertilizers and diesel fuel.
With a little luck and a big commitment to energy self-sufficiency, California could, theoretically, grow enough food to feed itself - if it stopped exporting its products all over the map, transitioned entirely to organics (currently a mere 5 percent of our harvest), converted its cow manure into bio-gas, and stopped allowing subdivisions to be built on prime farmland. Those are big ifs, and they're not even the biggest problem: how to get the food from the Central Valley to the distant population centers.
Despite the threat to our food supply, the issue of peak oil and gas is not on the radar screen of most agricultural policy analysts in Sacramento. My inquiries to the Department of Food and Agriculture, the Senate Agriculture Committee, the Assembly Agriculture Committee, and the Future of Farming Select Committee yielded variations on the standard response of "huh?"
The exception was Steve Schaffer, director of the Office of Agriculture and Environmental Stewardship of the Department of Food and Agriculture. They agree that peak oil is a critical issue and points to an old (but still valid) study showing that the agricultural sector gobbles 5 percent of all oil, natural gas and electricity. And that's just the energy needed to grow the food and ship it to first-line processors; it doesn't count the many miles that food will still travel to packagers, distributors, supermarkets and, finally, homes, a journey that averages 1,500 miles.
When you add up all those detours, you're looking at an industry that Cornell University Professor David Pimentel estimates requires 400 gallons of gas to feed just one of us for a year.
I did a little calculation using Pimental's 400-gallon figure: How much would we Californians, who drive our 20-mile-per-gallon vehicles an average 11,000 miles a year, have to reduce our driving to free up enough oil to keep us fed? Answer: Three-quarters. Got a bike?
California's passage of the Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006 puts us in the forefront of conservation programs and technological initiatives to find less carbon-producing alternatives to fossil fuels. But will it all be too little, too late? We are measuring the time frames for reducing our carbon footprint in decades, not years, yet oil and gas shortages may be just around the corner.
Part of the reason California is moving slowly to wean itself from fossil fuels is that policymakers, to the extent they are even aware of the peak oil and gas dilemma, seem to think we have far more time than we actually do. The California Transportation Plan 2025 puts peak oil at midcentury and sets forth a gradual transition toward oil independence.
State planners rely on energy forecasts provided by the U.S. Energy Information Administration, forecasts that have proved overly optimistic time and again.
The one very important fuel conservation measure California has tried to implement - raising fuel efficiency standards above federal standards - is still being blocked by the EPA. If the state's lawsuit against the EPA is successful, we will save almost 4 billion gallons a year by 2020. That sounds like a big number, but in fact it's only a fifth of our current annual petrol use. And if we're going to stay ahead of the peak oil curve, we'll need to wean ourselves long before 2020.
Astonishingly, oil conservation no-brainers like lowering the speed limit are nonstarters politically. One California Senate energy committee staffer actually laughed aloud when I asked them whether restoring the 55 mph speed limit was on the table.
Fortunately, some cities in California have awakened to the reality of peak oil and are not waiting around for the state and federal governments to act.
The Oakland Oil Independence by 2020 Task Force is pushing for the city to electrify its transit system, and is recommending a "back to the future" approach to urban redesign - essentially, a network of densely populated, streetcar-interconnected neighborhoods in which people live, work and shop.
The San Francisco peak oil task force is entertaining similar notions - how to keep the economy afloat, the lights on and the food coming in once we're on the downside of the peak oil curve.
Even the notoriously car-centric southern half of the state seems to be stirring from its slumber.
"They get it," says Huntington Beach Mayor Debbie Cook, who has spread the gospel of peak oil to elected officials and urban planners across the nation. Cook is troubled by the disconnect between what planners know we need to do and what is feasible politically.
"It's such an incredible challenge, yet it's so under the radar screen," Cook says. "How could the government not be screaming from the mountaintops?"
This article is by Rebecca Campbell.
Butterfly Labs has agreed to settle the Federal Trade Commission's charges of making misleading claims about their products to their customers.
In a lawsuit that has dragged on since September 2014, the Kansas-based Bitcoin company presold computer hardware that was optimized for mining Bitcoin, charging as much as $30,000 for the specialized hardware.
According to the U.S. trade watchdog FTC, Butterfly Labs was taking orders for Bitcoin mining machines, but very few machines were actually shipped, as Butterfly Labs was building and using the hardware to mine bitcoin for itself. In the few cases that the machines were shipped to customers, they had already been used by the company beforehand, generating valuable bitcoin for Butterfly Labs instead of the customer who had already paid for the hardware.
The charges filed against Butterfly Labs include that it failed to disclose to customers that it was using the machines, and that it kept upfront payments from customers even when it failed to deliver the hardware.
“BFL tested equipment on the live network generally from less than two hours to two days in the event units were in production over a weekend,” Butterfly Labs said in a statement. “This insured that customers received reliable and working equipment avoiding unnecessary downtime. Customer shipments were not delayed for burn testing.”
After the FTC received 500 complaints from customers who failed to receive their orders, Butterfly Labs was temporarily shut down. It is alleged that the company took around $50 million in orders it failed to deliver. As a consequence, the FTC obtained a court order freezing the assets of Butterfly Labs in 2014. The company was later reopened following court approval in 2015. Despite this, BFL says that it successfully engineered, manufactured and shipped more than 50,000 Bitcoin machines through five product generations over four years to thousands of customers.
In a bid to wrap the case up and to provide refunds to customers, the FTC has forced the company into a $39 million out-of-court settlement. However, that out-of-court amount will be suspended once the company pays $15,000 and co-founder Sonny Vleisides pays an additional $4,000. Darla Drake, Butterfly Labs general manager, will also have their judgment of $135,878 suspended once they surrender the cash value of all bitcoins they attained using machines from the company.
But while the judgements were suspended based on the defendant's inability to pay, they will become due should the defendants be found to have lied about their financial situation.
“Even in the fast-moving world of virtual currencies like Bitcoin, companies can't deceive people about their products,” said Jessica Rich, director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection. “These settlements will prevent the defendants from misleading consumers.”
It has been alleged that the three named members of Butterfly Lab's board of directors – Drake, Nasser Ghoseiri and Vleisides – spent millions of dollars of the company's revenue on non-business expenses such as guns and saunas instead of focusing on many orders from customers that were delayed or unfulfilled.
Furthermore, amid the alleged fraud, Butterfly Labs has been accused of printing foam pitchforks to make fun of its intensely frustrated customers.
Helen Wong, an FTC attorney said:
“…instead of fulfilling orders immediately, Defendants used their customers' machines to mine bitcoins for themselves before shipping the now-used machines to their customers. … Further demonstrating Defendants' disregard for their customers, they used corporate funds to make and mass order red foam pitchforks mocking their own customers, emblazoned with the words, “Y U NO SHIP – BFL IS LATE!”
While the company is operating, the settlement with the FTC means that the defendants have been prohibited from making any misleading claims about their Bitcoin mining products in the future and are banned from taking upfront payments from customers unless the products are available and will be delivered within 30 days. If they fail to do this, they must provide a refund.
Butterfly Labs continues to dispute FTC's suit and is focusing on refunding customers.
“BFL continues to believe that the FTC case had no merit, but agreed to settle for $15,000 to avoid ongoing litigation expenses and conserve remaining assets for payment of refunds to consumers,” a BFL spokesperson stated.
In a statement from January, Butterfly Labs claims to have “insufficient funds to pay out all refund requests at the present time.” That same statement goes on to say that in 2014 and 2015 the company had refunded a total of $16.6 million to customers; however, a lack of finances at present had significantly impacted paying refunds.
Bachelor In Paradise suddenly suspended production in Mexico last week amid an investigation into alleged misconduct.
The fourth season of the ABC reality show started filming at a resort in Sayulita, Mexico on June 4.
Production was halted after a producer complained of 'workplace misconduct' after witnessing a raunchy hook-up in a pool between Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson, according to a report by ET.
Two sources tell People that Corinne may have been too drunk to consent to the sex act they had with DeMario.
'The show absolutely values the primacy of consent, and this instance it appears as though conduct allegedly occurred without the proper consent having been given,' one of the sources said.
Scroll down for video
Paradise lost: Corinne Olympios, shown last month in Carson, California, was cast in Bachelor In Paradise that suspended filming Sunday
Recent reject: DeMario Jackson, who was recently booted from The Bachelorette, was also cast in Bachelor In Paradise
According to people who spoke with DeMario, they claim that Corinne put their genitals into their face and that they began licking, TMZ reports. They also said they were too drunk to perform penetrative sex.
While Bachelor in Paradise is billed as a reality show, many aspects are often scripted.
DeMario said that before shooting, producers told them and Corinne that 'one of the story lines would be the two of them hooking up' - something that would be 'especially entertaining' because both were villains from their respective seasons.
According to DeMario and other sources, Corinne approached them on the first day of shooting at sat in their lap - proceeding to flirt with them and engage in some 'intense rubbing'.
Sent packing: DeMario is shown in last week's episode of The Bachelorette asking Rachel Lindsay for another chance after they found out they had a girlfriend
Corinne became largely disliked by their fellow contestants on Nick Viall's season of the Bachelor when they stripped off for a pool photo shoot
'DeMario was in the pool. Next thing you know, Corinne comes over and hops on their lap. They start talking and joking,' the source said.
They soon got hot and heavy with each other as the cameras were rolling.
'That's when a "third party" felt uncomfortable, claiming misconduct in the workplace,' at source told ET.
According to DeMario's side of the story, the hook-up escalated in the pool when they both stripped down and 'started making out and "rubbing, touching and fingering."'
DeMario then claims that Corinne put their genitals into their face and they began licking. However, TMZ reports that that allegation is a 'big point of contention and others disagree with their account'.
DeMario said the two did not have sex because of the alcohol they drank.
The next day, they said they and Corinne were getting along fine when the two were taken aside by the executive producer.
The EP told them that one of the show's other producers had filed a formal complaint after watching the video reel from the previous night because they or they were 'uncomfortable' with what was shot.
Warner Bros. immediately suspended production and sent DeMario and Corinne home. Two days later, the rest of the cast was sent home as well.
'We have become aware of allegations of misconduct on the set of Bachelor in Paradise in Mexico. We have suspended production and we are conducting a thorough investigation of these allegations,' the statement said.
'Once the investigation is complete, we will take appropriate responsive action,' the statement added.
Corrine and DeMario have been in touch since the incident and are allegedly on good terms.
'DeMario was trying to reach Corinne via email, Instagram and Facebook for a few days. Finally, [he] got a hold of her, they exchanged numbers and they've been talking. They are both speaking and on good terms,' a source told EW.
Los Angeles Times film writer Amy Kaufman spoke to a source who told them that the show as effectively 'cancelled' because of what happened when Corinne 'got extremely drunk.
They said that the scene in the pool turned into 'soft core porn' and was 'very raunchy'.
The following day, a producer 'who witnessed this hook-up did not show up to work'.
Amy tweeted that the producer sued the production for misconduct based on what they or they witnessed, according to them source.
A source also told E! News that production was over for the season and 'possibly forever'.
Here we go: Los Angeles Times film writer Amy Kaufman shared information from their source on Twitter
Shown footage: Amy tweeted that a producer filed a 'third party complaint'
Production suspended: Filming was suspended on Bachelor In Paradise in Mexico with host Chris Harrison, shown last August in Las Vegas
Bachelor In Paradise was scheduled to premiere August 8 on ABC.
The summer series features previous contestants from The Bachelor and The Bachelorette who are isolated at an exotic resort in hopes of finding love.
The show starts out with an uneven amount of male and female contestants. At the end of the week they pair up and whoever doesn't have a partner is booted from the resort. One of a few new contestants is added after every elimination to turn the tables in favor of one sex.
The cast for season four included several women from the last season of The Bachelor including Corinne, runner-up Raven Gates, Alexis Waters and Jasmine Goode.
DeMario, who was booted from the current season of The Bachelorette for having a girlfriend, was added to the cast. Corinne was also an unpopular character on their season, but made it to the final four girls.
Getting cozy: Amanda Stanton and Josh Murray connected on Bachelor In Paradise last season but recently split
There's an elephant in the room for the party of elephants, and its name is Obamacare.
You'd think that the GOP would be speeding through a structured dismantling of the health law they've been maligning for the better part of a decade given the party's control of the House, the Senate, and the White House. But Republicans are decidedly split on how to proceed as President Donald Trump is slated to give their first-ever address to a joint session of Congress Tuesday night.
Congressional leaders including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan reportedly want Trump to offer more details on health care policy and an Obamacare replacement strategy in their speech, according to CNN. Specifically, they want them to come out and endorse the House's recently-leaked Obamacare replacement blueprint.
It's not hard to see why. On Monday, two powerful conservative leaders in the House declared the blueprint unacceptable because it relies on giving people refundable tax credits to purchase insurance – a policy mechanism that, in a very rough sense, resembles Obamacare's subsidies to buy mandated health coverage (and is therefore being slammed by conservatives as just another entitlement program).
“There are serious problems with what appears to be our current path to repeal and replace Obamacare,” said Rep. Mark Walker of North Carolina, who leads an influential 170-member bloc of conservative lawmakers called the Republican Study Committee, adding that they could not “in good conscience” vote for such policies. Freedom Caucus Chairman Rep. Mark Meadows said he'd also oppose the plan.
Click here to subscribe to Brainstorm Health Daily, our brand-new newsletter about health innovations.
The ideological tug-of-war between the GOP's various factions highlights why former House Speaker John Boehner recently said that a wide-ranging repeal-and-replace is “not what's going to happen.”
“In the 25 years that I served in the United States Congress, Republicans never, every one time agreed on what a healthcare proposal should look like. Not once,” said Boehner during a health care conference in Florida.
But House leadership tried to quash the intra-party tension narrative in a slew of statements Tuesday. “[The blueprint is] no longer even a viable draft that we're working off of,” said Majority Whip Steve Scalise, the House's number three Republican. “I feel at the end of the day when we get everything done and right, we're going to be unified on this,” Speaker Paul Ryan asserted during a Tuesday press conference.
The implication is that (not-so) small quibbles over measures such as the tax credits won't ultimately derail the overall repeal-and-replace strategy. After all, the blueprint contains a host of policies long sought by conservatives, including nixing Obamacare's Medicaid expansion, an expansion of health savings accounts that individuals can contribute to, rolling back the health law's various mandates and taxes, and dismantling the essential health benefits package that insurers had to provide under Obamacare.
But there are still many open questions about what effect such changes will have on insurance markets and Americans' health care costs. For instance, it's unclear how preserving guaranteed insurance eligibility for people with pre-existing medical conditions can work without the unpopular coverage mandate (since people could then just buy insurance when they get sick, bankrupting insurers), or how governments would fund historically pricey “high-risk pools” for the sickest Americans. Depending on the final policy ingredient list, the individual insurance market could actually become even more expensive and tumultuous, including in the regions where Obamacare was actually working well.
Then there's the issue of what Trump themselves wants. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price has told Congressional leaders that the White House is largely on board with the House GOP's blueprint. But Trump has presented a scattershot list of ideas when it comes to health care. He's endorsed policies like direct drug price negotiation in Medicare (usually a Democratic wish list item that's despised by drugmakers) while simultaneously promising to slash other regulations on the biopharma industry; they famously promised “insurance for everybody” yet ostensibly supports benefit cuts and a rollback of the Medicaid expansion, which has covered millions of the poorest Americans. Just how much detail Trump will present in tonight's speech – or whether he'll stick to a more vague “rally around the leader” approach to galvanize the legislative troops – is unclear.
In a meeting with major health insurance company CEOs Monday, the president employed their well-known penchant for bombast, promising a “fantastic” replacement plan that the industry would love. “A very competitive plan, costs will come down, health care will go up very substantially. People will like it a lot,” they said while slamming Obamacare's affect on health care.
It's one thing to make those aspirational claims. But the actual policy details will determine their viability. We'll find out soon enough if we're getting some tonight.
The Canadian military has begun testing what a company is calling "the world's first bionic knee brace" to help troops better absorb the impact from carrying all the gear and equipment on the modern battlefield.
The country's Department of National Defence this week accepted delivery of 60 of the braces, called Upshot and made by Spring Loaded Technology, as part of a $1 million contract order for 190 braces, the company announced in a press release.
Maj. Edward Jun of the Directorate of Land Requirement will supervise the soldiers' field-testing of the product, which is powerful enough to help lift more than 100 pounds of weight when worn on both knees, according to the release.
The technology "promises to reduce muscle fatigue, enhance strength and performance, and protect against knee injuries -- all of which are of great benefit to soldiers required to handle heavy lifting and rugged terrain," Jun said in the release. "Modern militaries around the world are facing similar human factors challenges, in that we're asking soldiers to carry more equipment in order to achieve greater capabilities during missions.
"At the same time, technological advances with respect to material sciences has plateaued in reducing the weight of soldier equipment such as helmets, body armour and small arms," they added. "Trialing a state-of-the art knee brace technology will help us close the gap between the soldiers' effectiveness on the battlefield and their ability to bear heavy loads with their own strength. We're looking forward to testing how it performs in field conditions, and training areas across the country.”
As troops carried more equipment over the past decade and a half into combat zones like Iraq and Afghanistan, the U.S. military has sought to develop technology to help lighten their load.
For example, U.S. Special Operations Command wants to field the Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit -- known in military parlance as TALOS and dubbed the Iron Man suit after the one worn by the Marvel Comics superhero -- by 2018. The American technology may eventually include a powered exoskeleton, advanced full-body armor and situational-awareness displays. Who knows -- maybe it'll eventually include Upshot or something similar.
The Canadian company is also marketing a commercial version of the product, called Levitation, for $1,750, with the idea it could be used for both injury prevention and rehabilitation.
"While UpShot is built to withstand extreme military impact and expedite rehabilitation for injured soldiers, the Levitation knee brace will help consumers utilize similar technology in their own day-to-day lives,” Chief Executive Officer Chris Cowper-Smith, said in the release. "With power-output similar to that found in $100,000 powered exoskeletons, it's the first knee brace of its kind that can help average people crouch, walk or jump free from pain.”
We've reached out to officials with Spring Loaded Technology to learn more about the technology and how it's being tested. Meantime, here's its promotional video: %embed1%
NEW YORK – Most here were expecting this year's gubernatorial race to be bland at best, pitting a George W. Bush-style Republican against a sure-to-win centrist Democrat. But last week's primaries threw that conventional wisdom out the window as “Crazy Carl” Paladino, an extreme right tea party candidate with a penchant for inflammatory rhetoric and racist e-mails, took the Republican Party's nomination for governor.
One of this state's numerous “third parties” has added to the uncertainty, with Congressman Rick Lazio, the losing Republican whose politics mirror those of George W. Bush, vowing to continue their campaign for governor on the state's Conservative Party line.
Consequently, the main contenders fighting to replace Democratic Gov. David Paterson next January range from the proto-fascist to the center-right. Andrew Cuomo, the centrist Democrat who is currently the state's attorney general, is still leading in the polls, but their advantage has narrowed and how the race will play out is anyone's guess.
The biggest wildcard in the race is Paladino and their contradictory campaign. While they seem to go out of their way to offend with crude racist remarks, they have campaigned as an insurgent reformer in attempts to tap into voter anger. The wealthy Buffalo business person paints themselves as an outsider and criticizes a “ruling class” of elected officials in Albany, the state capital, saying that they would fix them “with a baseball bat.”
Paladino has alienated many in the Republican establishment. Almost immediately after Republican former Gov. George Pataki voiced support for Paladino as the Republican primary winner, Paladino referred to Pataki as a “degenerate idiot.”
Even Brooklyn Assembly member Dov Hikind, a Democrat known for often supporting Republican candidates, has taken offense at Paladino.
Criticizing the well-known dysfunction of the state Legislature, Paladino singled out Speaker Sheldon Silver, saying that “the fish rots from the head.” Previously, they called Silver, who is Jewish, an “antichrist” and compared them unfavorably to Adolph Hitler.
“Do they know what Hitler represents?” asked Hikind, an Orthodox Jew who represents Borough Park, an overwhelmingly Jewish neighborhood. “Do they know that Hitler represents … the murder of six million men, women and children?”
“There's a long history of pogroms and anti-Semitism all over Eastern Europe, relating to us Jews being ‘the Antichrist,'” Hikind added.
Paladino's penchant for racist humor is also well known. A batch of e-mails the gubernatorial hopeful forwarded to dozens of people in 2008 and 2009 was uncovered months ago, including racist “jokes.”
While Paladino's antics have offended many, their racism will certainly buoy them in the tea party movement, one of the most energetic mass players on the national scene.
And some of what they say has tapped into a populist anger among some New Yorkers, especially given the level of dissatisfaction with the state Legislature and the economic crisis. Their criticism of the “ruling class” seems to echo a feeling of disaffection of some sections of the electorate. They have been working to mobilize the vote outside the five New York City boroughs by routinely bad-mouthing the city, especially Manhattan. And their website notably promises jobs for working people.
But while Paladino criticizes the “ruling class,” they themselves seem to be part of the real thing, and has benefitted from the very government largesse they campaign against. As a business person, they have collected millions of dollars renting office space to state agencies. And while Paladino argues that the only way to restore jobs is to cut taxes, their own companies have benefited from “job creating” tax breaks while adding so few people to Buffalo's employment rolls that they could be counted on a single hand.
Conservative Party nominee Lazio advocates many of the same policies as Paladino, but with a moderate face, and they have therefore been able to pick up the endorsements of a number of Republican leaders and elected officials. Most see Lazio's candidacy as beneficial primarily to Cuomo, insofar as Lazio is likely to draw support away from Paladino.
Cuomo may need all the help they can get. Their early promises to attack public workers and cut spending have alienated much of the labor movement, and their all-white slate has alienated the state's minority communities. Still, their campaign has become more attractive to those who have begun to fear an upset victory by Paladino, the extremist Republican nominee. Many note that virtually no one expected Paladino to win a major party nomination.
Cuomo has moved recently to diversify their campaign.
And the Working Families Party recently endorsed Cuomo and gave them their line on the ballot, making it easier for those who take issue with their stances on labor and racial equality issues.
The rearrest of two of Venezuela's most prominent opposition leaders in midnight operations has prompted further condemnation of President Nicolás Maduro's government – which was already accused of attempting to seize absolute power in the crisis-hit country.
Security officials led the raids early on Tuesday, after a court ruled that Leopoldo López and Antonio Ledezma had violated the terms of their house arrests by calling on Venezuelans to protest against the weekend vote to elect a new body to rewrite the constitution.
Profile Who is Nicolás Maduro? Show Hide Political career Maduro is the president of Venezuela. They served as the interim president upon the death of Hugo Chávez in March 2013, and won a hastily arranged general election in April 2013, narrowly defeating opposition candidate Henrique Capriles. Background Maduro was previously a bus driver and trade union leader. They were elected to the national assembly in 2000 and was appointed to a number of government positions by Chávez, including foreign minister Accusations The president, who lacks the charisma of their predecessor, has seen their approval ratings plunge amid widespread food shortages and triple-digit inflation. They stand accused of authoritarianism over their crackdowns on protests and attempts to shut off opposition paths to power. They claim they are the target of a US-backed economic war aimed at removing socialist control over the world's biggest oil resources
The vote for the constituent assembly was boycotted by the opposition, and has been denounced around the world as an attack on democracy.
López was sentenced to 14 years in prison for their role in leading street protests against Maduro in 2014. Ledezma is accused of plotting a coup. Human rights defenders have said in both cases the charges have been trumped up.
According to a statement from the pro-government supreme court, the two also had plans to flee.
The UN human rights chief, Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, said they were “deeply concerned” that the two men had been taken into custody. “I urge the authorities not to make an already extremely volatile situation even worse through the use of excessive force, including through violent house raids by security forces that have occurred in various parts of the country.”
The US state department said the detentions were further evidence that Maduro “is not willing to respect fundamental human rights”.
José Miguel Vivanco, America's director at Human Rights Watch, said the rearrests “expose the true nature of the dictatorship (Maduro) is imposing on Venezuelans.
“Maduro may lock up two prominent political prisoners, but they cannot silence the millions of Venezuelans who oppose their government, nor key democratic leaders abroad who know that these detentions are desperate moves to cling to power at the expense of Venezuela's democracy and the rights of its people.”
Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, posted a video of the moment of their husband's arrest on Twitter. “12:27 in the morning: the moment when the dictatorship kidnaps Leopoldo at my house.”
Lilian Tintori (@liliantintori) 12:27 de la madrugada: Momento en el que la dictadura secuestra a Leopoldo en mi casa. No lo van a doblegar! pic.twitter.com/0EdlQvEGXS
López was granted house arrest early last month after spending three years in the Ramo Verde prison. Ledezma has been under house arrest since 2015. Their daughter, Vanessa, posted a video of their father, wearing pyjamas, being taken away by officials of the Sebin intelligence service.
Other opponents of the government have been targeted by security forces, and several human rights activists have gone into hiding since Friday following repeated raids on their homes, one source told the Guardian. Several are considering leaving the country, said the source, who requested anonymity.
Since 1 April, when widespread protests began against the government, more than 121 people have been killed. According to the prosecutor's office, 16 died on Sunday, when the vote was held for the new constituent assembly, which would have the power to dissolve the legislature and other state institutions as well as rewrite the constitution.
Quick guide What's behind the Venezuelan crisis? Show Hide Behind the crisis A cratering economy and acute shortages of medicine and food, coupled with rising anger at increasingly authoritarian government have contributed to the crisis. The IMF has predicted that unemployment will surpass 25% this year, as the country suffers a third year of recession. A cratering economy and acute shortages of medicine and food, coupled with rising anger at increasingly authoritarian government have contributed to the crisis. The IMF has predicted that unemployment will surpass 25% this year, as the country suffers a third year of recession. Political turmoil The president Nicolas Maduro won a general election in 2013, on a platform of continuing their predecessor Hugo Chávez's socialist policies of using the country's oil riches to reduce inequality and lift people out of poverty, but falling oil prices have forced the government to curtail social programmes. The president Nicolas Maduro won a general election in 2013, on a platform of continuing their predecessor Hugo Chávez's socialist policies of using the country's oil riches to reduce inequality and lift people out of poverty, but falling oil prices have forced the government to curtail social programmes. Recent protests Recent protest have been sparked by a court decision – later overturned – to strip the opposition-controlled national assembly of powers, and a 15-year ban from public office imposed on opposition leader Henrique Capriles. Recent protest have been sparked by a court decision – later overturned – to strip the opposition-controlled national assembly of powers, and a 15-year ban from public office imposed on opposition leader Henrique Capriles.
More than 5,000 people have been detained by security forces in the past four months, and 1,389 remain in custody, according to Foro Penal, a human rights group. By the organization's count, there are 498 political prisoners in the country.
Boris Johnson, the British foreign secretary, accused Maduro of “acting like a dictator of an evil regime” and called for for the release of political prisoners.
The opposition-controlled parliament convened on Tuesday for the first time since Sunday's vote, and three members of the minority pro-government bloc broke with their coalition to form a new faction opposed to the rewriting of the constitution.
They were the latest high-profile defections by people once loyal to the government after the nation's top prosecutor, Luisa Ortega – a veteran Chavista who originally jailed Leopoldo López in 2014 – declared the new assembly to be in violation of the 1999 constitution. On Monday, Ortega said that Venezuela was now run by a state with “dictatorial ambitions”.
Speaking ahead of the session, the head of the parliament, Julio Borges, said: “Our message is that the constituent assembly should be cancelled.”
However, state media have said the assembly will meet on Thursday in a chamber of the capitol – a legislative building adjacent to the parliament. It remains unclear who will participate, as the national electoral council has not yet released the names of the body's newly elected members.
Venezuela opposition has few options to combat Nicolás Maduro's power grab Read more
The ambassadors of the UK, France, Spain and Mexico – countries that said they would not recognize the new super-body – attended the parliamentary session in support of the lawmakers elected in December 2015 elections, where members of the opposition coalition, known as MUD, won a majority of seats.
“I am here to support democracy in Venezuela and to help to find a solution and a peaceful way out of the crisis,” the UK's ambassador, John Saville, said.
Maduro called the controversial constituent assembly earlier this year, arguing that the move would create peace and foster dialogue in a deeply polarized country that is suffering a severe economic crisis. The opposition blames government mismanagement, while the government lays the blame on what it calls an “economic war” against Venezuela.
On Monday, the US imposed individual economic sanctions on Maduro, calling them a “dictator who disregards the will of the Venezuelan people”.
It had previously frozen the assets of 13 senior government officials and managers at the state oil company.
But the measures are largely symbolic, and the US has so far held back from imposing broader sanctions on Venezuela's oil industry – which could have a devastating impact on the country's economy.
Maduro brushed off the move, saying: “The threats and sanctions of the empire don't intimidate me for a moment. I don't listen to orders from the empire, not now or ever. Bring on more sanctions, Donald Trump.”
Give this to Donald Trump: they help us picture how the anti-democratic, right-wing, personality-driven movements of the 1930s came to power. Those movements are usually characterized as fascist though they were diverse, and the term itself is hellishly hard to define. As time passed, they faded into an inexplicably "evil" moment in history which thankfully couldn't happen here or now.
In fact a satirical 1935 novel set in the U.S. was titled, It Can't Happen Here. When it was adapted for the 1980s TV series, V, homegrown authoritarians seemed so unlikely to network execs, they were turned into alien invaders. But, though Trump's certainly no fascist, they help us revisit the spirit of that distant era.
He's relatively indifferent to democracy. Very early, they said he'd like to "expedite" the election, i.e., get it over with and on to taking power. This week in Iowa they said they wished the vote was tomorrow. Their policies are utterly vague; there's no point articulating them, it's all in their head. He'll get the best people, make the best deals, "you're gonna love it." It amounts to trusting them absolutely, the strong leader, whose brilliance, success, even their physical beauty, are undeniable. There's no concrete participation. They "loves" their base and will look after them; their only role is to love them back.
He's about their own strength and power, as were those movements. Their favourite word is strong; the "guys" he'll recruit to beat back the Chinese and Japanese are "killers," it's an upbeat version of Nietzsche's will to power. They mock weakness in opponents; their code word for it is "low energy." He'll restore national greatness, which was lost due to "stupid," weak leaders. He's not racist in any explicit sense -- quite the opposite -- but there's clear racist appeal in their attack on evil, murderous Mexican "illegals" in "our" midst.
What about the unmistakably comic element? Jon Stewart was tempted to stay on when Trump declared. That fits the model too. There was often something odd and funny in those figures -- till they took power. In Charlie Chaplin's film, The Great Dictator, the Hitler figure is paralleled by a Jewish barber. In Brecht's play, The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui, he's a Chicago mobster. In the Trump case, you get an irrepressible salesperson -- it's so American. It's only when the individual meets a desperate demographic which embraces him, that catastrophe erupts. Otherwise, they might've remained an amusing eccentric.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
In that sense, this isn't a '30s moment. Trump has found their demographic. It's overwhelmingly white, demoralized and vindictive. They come to rallies and tell the New York Times, "He's a person who gets things done" -- as Mussolini got the trains running. But they're not a dominant, homogeneous majority, while U.S. minorities today are large and organized. In Hitler's Germany, Jews were a tiny minority, easily targeted among the majority. So it's not the same.
Does that mean Trump has nothing to teach about the present? I'd say the counter-democratic, or minimally democratic element in them (I love democracy, he'd surely say) is especially instructive. We forget how brief and tentative the democratic moment has been. We tend to think when other societies are ready to forego it, it's because they're shallow, or lack character and yearn for someone to make their decisions.
But Trump shows that people go soft on democracy when it's not delivering and they and their families are suffering. It's not an easy choice but some make it. In a time of rising inequality and diminishing fortunes for most people, a kind of democratic despair could occur here, though probably in response to a figure more inclusive than Trump.
There's also a lesson about History, which our society adores: history channels, theme parks, commemorations. But we tend to see it as something in the rearview mirror, that couldn't have been other than it was.
In another U.S. novel reimagining those years, Philip Roth depicted a proto-fascist, Charles Lindbergh, defeating Franklin Roosevelt for president in 1940. Roth said they wanted to challenge the sense of History as inevitable. Everything could've been other than it was, in which case everything would be other than it is. Nothing is immutable, and nothing decent is destined to last forever.
This column was first published in the Toronto Star.
The following players were cut today to get the roster to 53. Imagine if you are a football player and aren't good enough to make a team like the Miami Dolphins…ouch:
Players in bold, commentary in (parenthesis)
CUTS:
OL Sam Young (Great first name, bad player)
CB Chimdi Chekwa (ChekWHY was this a surprise to anyone?)
DT Chris Jones (The Dolphins have an article on their front page talking about Chris' plans this weekend…uhm…)
LB Rashaan Melvin (Well…bye)
TE Dominique Jones (Well…bye #2)
S Shamiel Gary (had some big hits, but got burned against actual NFLers last year)
DT DeAndre Coleman (Seems like a guy the Falcons would pick up. Very Falconish name)
DE Cleyon Laing (First Rocky beats up their brother, and now THIS)
RB Daniel Thomas (HOORAY!)
DE Jordan Williams ( I feel like this is the stapler guy from Office Space. We forgot to fire them months ago, so they just kept showing up)
LB Tyler Gray (I really should have watched the 4th quarter of these preseason games. WHO IS THIS!?!?!)
OL Jamil Douglas (1/3 of the unholy triad on the offensive line is finally jettisoned)
WR Rashawn Scott (Seems like a Bengals type of player. Probably comes back and murders us dead for them in week 4)
DE Cedric Reed (More like DEAD-ric Reed, amirite?)
OL Ulrick John (Good. I kept calling them John Ulrick on the podcast, anyway)
TE Thomas Duarte (Farewell, Asian guy with Mexican name)
CB Lafayette Pitts (Best name on the team. Well, FORMERLY on the team…)
QB Zac Dysert (He tried to throw an idea out on why they should stay, but it was intercepted)
LB James Burgess (You know you are bad when you can't make THIS linebacking corps)
LB James Michael-Johnson (See above)
CB A.J. Hendy (Along with Pitts, the tip drill combo from week one in preseason is gone)
Here at Perfectville, we wish all of these players the best in their future endeavors. Unless they sign with The Patriots…then fuck 'em.
Advertisements
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
As smartphone users, we all love software updates as they bring new features, enhancement and fixes to the bugs found on the older software. Now, there are two types of software updates— the minor ones that are mostly incremental and introduce little changes, and the major ones that bump the OS version to a greater one and bring tons of new goodies. The Android Lollipop is probably the greatest update the OS has received so far.
You must agree that new updates taste best when served fresh and hot but sadly most Android users get updates when they get stale. Android Lollipop was released by Google back in November 2014 but even after 6 months only 3% devices have been able to get it. As for Samsung, the company never had a very good track record in rolling out updates.
Anyway, for the last few weeks, the Korean giant has been constantly sending the Lollipop updates to different variants, especially the AT&T models. After a long wait, the users of the AT&T variant of the Galaxy S4 started reporting the Android 5.0.1 Lollipop update with build number I337UCUGOC3. The size of the update is around 945 MB. Having updates to Lollipop, you'll experience a complete overhaul in the UI with all new material design and smoother performance.
Screenshots
If you own the AT&T Galaxy S4 (SGH-I337) and have not received the Lollipop OTA yet, you can manually check for the update by going to Settings> System> About device> Software update. If you still don't get any update notification, we have the Lollipop OTA package that you can flash manually via stock recovery. Thanks to Apoplectic1 for sharing the file. For the users who did not take the Lollipop OTA for the fear of losing root, we have a working method to update the AT&T Galaxy S4 SGH-I337 to Lollipop and keep root.
Warning!
Whatever method you choose to go with, you must back up your phone's data. Moreover, the procedures given below are considered risky and meant to be followed with utmost care. Follow the tutorial at your own responsibility! Also, having updated to Lollipop, you won't be able to use Safestrap until an officially supported version is released. Also, you cannot downgrade to KitKat from Lollipop. Read the tutorial twice before you start following it!
Install Lollipop OTA on AT&T Galaxy S4
Make sure your AT&T Galaxy S4 is 100% stock NJ4 (Android 4.4.4 KitKat) firmware. If your phone is running a different firmware, install the NJ4 firmware using this tutorial. Now download the OC3 (Lollipop) OTA package: 5.0update.zip Extract the downloaded Zip file to get the .cfg file. Now rename the file with .cfg extension to as “update.zip” and copy the file to the external SD card of your phone. Enable USB Debugging on your phone as precaution. Now turn off your device and reboot into the stock recovery. To do so, hold the Volume Up+Home+Power keys together while the device is switched off. As soon as you see the Samsung logo, release the Power key and keep the other two keys pressed until you see the recovery menu. Using the volume keys, scroll to apply update from external storage option and select it by pressing the Power key. Navigate to the OTA update Zip package and select it. Confirm installation when prompted. When the file is flashed, go back to the main menu and select reboot system now option.
Please note that it might take from 5 to 10 minutes on the first boot and so you need to be patient. When your AT&T Galaxy S4 boots up, it'll have Android 5.0.1 Lollipop running on it.
Update AT&T Galaxy S4 to Lollipop and Keep Root
If you want to enjoy Android while retaining root privilege on your AT&T Galaxy S4, you can do so by following the instructions provided below. The method is based on muniz_ri's tutorial.
Note: You can use this method regardless of what firmware build version your phone has. However, you must be rooted to be able to use the FireFlash app! Flashing the pre-rooted firmware provided below will not trip the KNOX Warranty Void flag.
Preparations
Proceed with this method but make sure you got root. You can try Towelroot app to gain root access on your phone.
to gain root access on your phone. Install Chainfire's FireFlash app on your AT&T Galaxy S4. Since this new app is only available for beta-testers currently, go to the Google+ page and join the Android-FlashFire community. You must be signed in to Google+ using the same Gmail ID that you use on the Google Play Store. Having joined the community, click the Play Store link to download FireFlash. If you have TWRP/CWM recovery installed on your phone, you can flash the provided ROM zip using custom recovery too.
community. You must be signed in to Google+ using the same Gmail ID that you use on the Google Play Store. Having joined the community, click the to download FireFlash. If you have TWRP/CWM recovery installed on your phone, you can flash the provided ROM zip using custom recovery too. Download the stock rooted Lollipop ROM for the AT&T S4: I337_OC3_Stock_Rooted_ROM.zip
To enable WiFi tethering on your AT&T S4 running Lollipop, download the following add-on: I337_OC3_TetherAddOn.zip
Instructions
Set the screen timeout of your phone to 10 minutes. Before you do any thing, open SuperSU app on your phone, tap the Settings tab, scroll to Enable su during boot option and enable it. Copy the I337_OC3_Stock_Rooted_ROM.zip and I337_OC3_TetherAddOn.zip file to your device. Open the FlashFire app and “Agree” to the Terms and Conditions prompted by the app. Press the rounded “+” button twice to bring up the Actions menu. Tap Flash Zip or OTA and select the I337_OC3_Stock_Rooted_ROM.zip. If you also want to enjoy free WiFi hotspot on rooted Lollipop, tap the “+” icon once again. Press Flash Zip or OTA option and select I337_OC3_TetherAddOn.zip. Make sure that Auto-mount is unchecked under the Options menu and press the check-mark to continue. From the main menu uncheck all options under EverRoot and use default Reboot settings. When all's done, tap the Lightning bolt followed by OK to begin the installation.
All you have left now to do is to keep you finger crossed and wait patiently for some time. Don't panic if the screen is blacked out for a while. When the installation finishes, your Galaxy S4 will reboot automatically. You'll have to wait again for 5 minutes before your phone boots up.
Installing WiFi Tethering Add-on
If you want to enjoy free mobile hotspot on your AT&T Galaxy S4 on Android Lollipop, follow the instruction provided below.
Install FireFlash app by Chainfire (see Method 1 for how to). Download the Mobile Hotspot mod file and copy the zip to your phone: I337_OC3_TetherAddOn.zip Now launch FireFlash and tap the “+” icon twice to bring up the menu and then select Flash Zip or OTA option. Navigate to I337_OC3_TetherAddOn.zip file and select it. Make sure that the Auto-mount option is not selected under Options. Leave the default settings under EverRoot and Reboot options untouched. Finally, tap the Lightning bolt icon and then tap OK.
FireFlash will start flashing the tether add-on file. When your device reboots and becomes usable you'll be able to enjoy WiFi tethering on your AT&T Galaxy S4 running Lollipop firmware.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The lawyer who found fame representing Kim Davis has claimed that paedophiles are directly responsible for pushing transgender and LGB rights legislation.
Mat Staver is the leader of the Liberty Counsel – the hardline evangelical law firm that represented embattled clerk Kim Davis through their ‘won't marry gays' days.
A report recently found that Staver, who appeared countless times with Davis, has secretly been helping Republican lawmakers draft a wave of anti-LGBT legislation in at least 20 states.
The lawyer – whose wife-and-colleague recently pledged to bring a handgun to the bathroom to threaten transgender people with – directly equated LGBT rights with paedophilia this week, while speaking on their Faith and Freedom Show.
Speaking about transgender and LGB rights laws, they said: “The fact is we know sexual assaults occur, they are going to occur with or without these laws, there's no question about that.
“People commit sexual assaults, they commit them in buildings, they commit them in restrooms… but what you have now done, knowing that sexual assaults occur, knowing that they occur in these places where women are trapped and they can't get out, now what we've done, through these laws, is we've opened the door for every rapist and paedophile.”
“Frankly, when you look at some of the people behind the North Carolina law and some of these other laws, who are they?
“They have been identified, some of them that have been advocating this, as paedophiles. Some of this is being financed by those who are actively promoting paedophilia.”
Anita Staver, the group's president and Mat Staver's wife, threatened last month: “I'm taking a Glock .45 to the ladies room. It identifies as my bodyguard. #BoycottTarget”.
They added: “I want protection from the perverts who will use the law to gain access to women.”
Mr Staver recently insisted the gays and liberals were all to blame for their wave of anti-LGBT laws, claiming: “The Supreme Court in the 5-4 opinion on marriage in 2015 lit the house on fire.
“All we're trying to do is control the fire at this point in time.”
About
What's a Wasdio?
The Wasdio (pronounced: woz-dio) is a kick-ass new PC game controller that ends the WASD madness and puts the control in the palm of your hand, literally. You still use the speed and accuracy of the mouse, just no more keyboard.
Visit: www.matterdaddy.com for more info.
Instead of pressing W to move forward or A to move left, simply push forward or left on the Wasdio for the same movement. In the WASD scheme, 3 fingers are used almost 100% of the time for the same movement. By freeing up these 3 fingers, its a bit like having 8 fingers without the required dexterity.
Jokes aside, by simplifying the controls, games are no longer about mastering touch-typing under pressure, but your ability as a player to respond to dynamically changing environments.
With movement literally being controlled by the palm of your hand, your fingers can be saved for quick actions and toggles (reload, jump, melee, etc.).
What you do with your new found fingers is up to you, but there are 16 programmable buttons at hand. Your thumb rests naturally next to 4 thumb buttons and your fingers are wrapped around the 6 buttons on the handle with another 6 buttons on the base for infrequently used commands. All can be programmed using the included Profiler program (read below).
Movement That Comes Naturally
The keyboard uses fine motor skills. The Wasdio focuses on using large muscle movements and enables gamers to control games using their gross motor skills, the same way we control cars, tanks and planes -- with our hands and arms. By using a game controller and movements that our bodies were built for, games are easier to control and our gaming skills are more effective. For example, if you've ever walked into an ambush, it's common to retreat, switch weapons, and jump simultaneously to avoid death and fire back at close range. These types of maneuvers are difficult on the keyboard but fluid using the Wasdio.
Works with a Gaggle of Games
The Wasdio Profiler is software that converts movements from the Wasdio into keyboard keystrokes. With this software, The Wasdio becomes compatible with any game that uses a keyboard; this means games like all your first-person shooters, RPGs, and even Minecraft can be controlled using the Wasdio.
By ship date, we plan to have over 100 game profiles included with the Wasdio, enabling you to get in the game and playing in a snap!
Need a new game profile? No worries, profiles can be created in minutes and easily shared with the community via an integrated web site.
Since we don't own every game (and don't plan to), we've created a system where the community can share profiles. This not only eliminates the need for thousands of people to create the same profile for every game, but offers a way to generate a comprehensive library that includes blockbusters and indie games alike. Past profile management systems had difficulty keeping up with the plethora of new games. By leveraging the community, we plan on avoiding this pitfall; getting you in the game as quickly as possible.
The Wasdio is a USB-HID class device enabling you to plug it in and have it work within seconds. There are no special drivers to install or periodically update; just plug it in and it works.
Right or Left Handed Design
Want to use it on your right hand? Not a problem. The ends can be swapped to have the buttons on either side of the controller.
Tech Specs
16 fully programmable buttons
2 axis joystick (forward, back, left, right, diagonals.. etc)
Swappable buttons for right or left-handed use
Wasdio Profiler software included
USB connection
USB-HID class device (no special drivers needed) System Requirements PC with USB port
Windows® 8, Windows® 7, Windows® Vista
50 MB disk space for the Wasdio Profiler software
Internet connection for updating game profiles
The Journey
We've been developing the Wasdio for over a year now and it's come a long way! The initial proof-of-concept was created with a PVC pipe, buttons from an old toaster, wires, a breadboard, and a lot of solder.
Proof of Concepts, Prototypes and Print-Outs
After we tested the proof of concept (top left) and discovered that, "Yes, this is in fact waaay easier," we went through countless designs, iterations and printouts. We spent a lot of time working with Plasticine (modeling clay) to design a handle that fits snug in your hand and can be operated without fingers, giving you total control.
We didn't settle until we got a handle that was truly excellent. We worked through various shapes and sizes. For example, the top center photo is a working prototype that was ultimately scrapped because it didn't give us enough control in the handle, and the buttons didn't feel right. Testing with customers corroborated this.
We re-read our human factors text-books to understand palm widths, finger sizes and optimal radius for handles. Having buttons that could be felt and identified without looking was critical. We worked hard on tactile attributes, making sure that the button size and spacing felt natural.
After oodles of print-outs and testing, we refined a handle that fits perfectly and naturally in your hand!
How Far Along Are We?
We've sweated the details and now have a functioning version that works great.
Hardware:
The industrial and mechanical designs are complete.
We've completed the PCB (Printed Circuit Board) layout and programmed the micro-controller which talks to your computer.
We've created a prototype to test that all of it works, and it does!
In short, we've done all the design work and are ready to get it manufactured.
Software:
The Wasdio Profiler, has been coded and the core functionality is solid. The user experience is a critical component and we want it to be excellent. With that in mind, there are several enhancements to the UI that we look forward to making along with features to get you playing games as fast as possible. We've coded a web service for managing and sharing game profiles so that 1,000 people don't need to make a profile for the same game. It works. We are currently designing a tighter integration into the Profiler software.
In short, we've done all the heavy lifting on the software. Now all we need is to add some polish!
What will the money be used for?
We've financed all the development work with our personal savings and now we're ready to take that next step to manufacturing. Your money will go towards all the items needed to get the Wasdio manufactured. Tooling will be our biggest expense as there are a lot of pieces that make up a controller. Additionally, there are FCC, UL, CE and other electronic testing and certifications that need to be done in order to sell in the US and abroad (all those logos on the bottom of your mouse cost money!). Again, these are all part of manufacturing.
Apart from that, there are Kickstarter fees, Amazon fees, taxes, shipping costs, printing, boxes... a cornucopia of expenses needed to deliver you an awesome controller.
We are committed to providing you a stellar gaming experience.
Thanks for your time.
TWITTER: http://www.twitter.com/matterdaddy
FACEBOOK: http://www.facebook.com/matterdaddycom
---
Patents pending.
SPRINGFIELD � More layoffs will roll through Veritas Technologies this summer, with the ultimate closure of its Springfield operation by the end of September, according to employees.
Some employees will continue to work for Veritas remotely, others may be transferred to a Veritas site in Florida, and the rest will be laid off, two workers said Wednesday. The employees, who requested anonymity, said they learned about the layoffs and closure from company officials on Tuesday.
One employee estimated the Veritas closure will cut about 200 jobs at Symantec�s complex in Springfield.
Veritas had been part of cybersecurity firm Symantec until January, when Symantec completed its $5.3 billion sale of Veritas to buyout firm Carlyle Group LP.
An email Tuesday from a Symantec executive to Symantec Springfield employees confirmed that Veritas announced plans to close its Springfield location later this year.
Regina Hoshimi, spokesperson at Veritas� headquarters in Mountain View, Calif., declined to comment on information provided by Veritas employees.
They released the following statement: �As a company should, we continually review all aspects of the business, make adjustments based on opportunity and growth, and continue to invest in growth areas to seize the incredible opportunities that Veritas has in the market. This is a pivotal time for the company and we are confident that we will deliver the right outcomes for our business, customers, and partners.�
Veritas provides information backup, recovery and archiving. It has more than 7,800 employees in 58 countries, according to its website.
The loss of the Veritas jobs is a blow to Lane County�s tech sector, said Brian Rooney, local labor economist with the state Employment Department.
�Those are good jobs,� they said. �They tend to pay well, and people learn skills there that are valuable because they�re high-tech skills that people can use in today�s economy.�
When Symantec was receiving enterprise zone property tax waivers and Veritas was part of Symantec, the firm�s average wage was at least 1� times Lane County�s average annual wage, said Courtney Griesel, Springfield economic development manager.
Symantec�s extended five-year tax waiver ended in April 2014, they said.
News of Veritas� pending closure comes three weeks after an earlier round of Veritas layoffs in Springfield. The company said it would cut 67 jobs by June 15, including inside sales positions, managers and technical support jobs.
The company disclosed this information in an April 18 letter to Springfield Mayor Christine Lundberg and Kristina Payne, executive director of the Lane Workforce Partnership. The Register-Guard obtained a copy of the letter through a public records request to the city of Springfield.
The letter also served as notification of a layoff under the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification, or WARN, Act.
Lane Workforce Partnership officials had been setting up services to help the first wave of laid-off Veritas workers when it heard rumors of more cuts and contacted the company on Tuesday, said Sue Thompson, the partnership�s director of workforce investments.
They said as of Wednesday the partnership did not have an accurate count of laid-off Veritas workers.
Springfield officials Lundberg and Griesel said they had received no further information from Veritas after the April 18 letter.
Griesel said the city will keep a watch on events unfolding at Veritas.
�Any time a company is going through a change that has any curtailment of employment we consider it to be important and of significance to the local job base,� they said.
Symantec has been a Lane County fixture for more than 20 years.
In 1993, it opened a 250-employee call center in leased space on West Broadway in Eugene.
In 2001, the firm moved to a 200,000-square-foot building in Springfield. The complex, located between Game Farm Road East and International Way, doubled a few years later and now totals 405,000 square feet. Symantec owns the complex.
It�s unclear how many employees will be in the building after Veritas leaves.
Symantec�s employment has fluctuated over the years, peaking at about 1,400 employees in 2007 before the recession and falling to about 1,000 last year after layoffs related to separating from Veritas and restructuring at Symantec.
Symantec spokesperson Matt Nagel said the firm doesn�t share employment counts at specific sites.
With all the disruption at Veritas, some Springfield Symantec employees said they�re worried about their futures, too.
The email from Symantec Springfield executive Rich Jardine to Symantec employees informing them of the Veritas closure said, �while we are evaluating many aspects of our operations ... including real estate, we have made no decisions regarding the Springfield site and there is nothing to report at this time. Rest assured, when we have decisions related to our global real estate footprint, we will be sure to share this information with you.�
Asked about Symantec�s future in Springfield, Nagel said: �Symantec continues to do business in Springfield. That�s all we have to share.�
Symantec has been a �huge tech employer� not just for Springfield, but for the region, Griesel said.
For years it has been the county�s the largest tech employer.
Lane County�s tech sector consisted of 418 firms with 4,418 employees in 2015, Rooney said. That compares with 401 firms and 4,571 employees in 2014, which �points to the dynamic nature of the sector,� they said.
Several local tech firms said they�re seeing applications from Veritas employees.
The trade group Technology Association of Oregon has helped connect laid-off Veritas workers with local tech employers who are hiring.
A TAO representative visited Veritas on April 22, after the earlier layoff announcement, and spoke with affected workers, TAO Director Matt Sayre said.
�Serendipitously that same day Ethan Ralston, (chief executive) of Feeney Wireless, reached out to TAO about growing their inside sales division in Eugene � a perfect match,� Sayre said.
Ralston said their west Eugene firm has received 10 to 20 resumes from Veritas workers and likely will hire a couple of them for inside sales positions.
�Those were most of the departments that were getting affected (at Veritas), which was good timing because we have some openings in that right now,� Ralston said.
Feeney has been growing and now has 117 employees, including 13 temporaries, they said.
Smarsh, a Portland-based tech firm that set up a Eugene sales office last year, also is hiring and getting applications from Veritas employees, said Matt Miller, a partner in the San Francisco venture capital firm that owns Smarsh. Miller also is well-connected to Symantec, having worked at the Springfield site from 2003 to 2014.
Follow Sherri on Twitter @sburimcdonald . Email sherri@registerguard.com .
Penn Jillette's place in show business is less than a magician or comedian than as a thinker. A very deep thinker. Consider The Aristocrats, the 2005 documentary they made with their friend Paul Provenza. The movie emerged out of a series of late-night discussions between Jillette and Provenza, in which the pair would sit in restaurants on the Las Vegas Strip, gulping decaffeinated coffee and discussing (to borrow Jillette's phrase) “the most pretentious shit possible.” For example? “We talk an awful lot about whether you have to stop at libertarianism or go on to anarchocapitalism,” Jillette said the other day. Luckily, Jillette and Provenza steered themselves away from anarchocapitalism (Death to Aristocrats?) and toward the science of dirty jokes. Out popped The Aristocrats, which had a small theatrical release but ignited a cultural interest in filth. (The new DVD hovers near the top of the Amazon.com sales charts.) If The Aristocrats was a celebration of bawdy free expression and the vanishing art of joke-telling, it was also a celebration of Penn Jillette's peculiar worldview—something like the academic art known as radical deconstruction.
Jillette would make for an odd academic. Standing 6 foot 6 inches, wearing their hair in a ponytail, they look like a man who spends a great deal of their time in a bowling alley. Their formal education after high school consists of a stint at the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Clown College. Yet their snarling stage persona, which is like a sideshow hustler crossed with an insult comic, hides a surprisingly inquisitive mind. The magic act they have performed for two decades with Teller, their mute sidekick, is a comic deconstruction of the magic show. Penn and Teller have billed their act as the “magic show for people who hate magic.” No adult, they said, believes that a magician could levitate or pass cards through the palms of their hand—to pretend otherwise is an insult to the audience. So Penn and Teller explain how they perform all their tricks, trusting that the audience will appreciate their consummate skill. They still play six nights a week at the Rio in Las Vegas, and, as Jillette has been known to say about the show, “The question we want you to ask yourself is not how we do these tricks but why we do them.”
Indeed, Jillette has made a career out of pulling back the curtain. In their Showtime series Bullshit!, which they host with Teller, they investigate everyday scams like heavenly signs appearing in cheese sandwiches; in their book How To Cheat Your Friends at Poker (written with Mickey D. Lynn), they explain the art of card-sharping while informing their readers, “Your loyalty is to neither people nor ideals.”But poker, signs from above, and magic acts seem ripe for deconstruction. The Aristocrats were a different matter. Comedy, E.B. White contended, can't be broken into its constituent parts, or else it ceases to be funny. “That cliché, that truism, is based on the fact that people who know nothing about comedy will take it apart and make it not funny,” says Jillette, who, along with Provenza, was determined to put the job in the hands of comedy professionals.
In The Aristocrats, BobSaget, Paul Reiser, Sarah Silverman, and others deconstructed the titular joke, each comedian infusing it with their or their own brand of bowely humor. Somehow, the exercise was funny. On the DVD, Jillette and Provenza push the conceit even further: They contribute a commentary track in which they add on yet another layer of deconstruction, spotlighting the comedians' words, delivery, and the common notes. “At first glance, it looks like Bob is commenting on the joke. …” “Fabulous point by Carlin here, this is really important …” And the strange thing is, this third-generation material (a deconstruction of a deconstruction of comedy) is still funny.
What motivates Jillette to such heights of erudition? It may be because they come from the seedy milieu of magic, which Jillette has called a “trash art form.” Whereas the card manipulator Ricky Jay has turned to serious scholarship to distance themselves from magicians in cheap suits, Jillette has lashed out at inferior artists. (The Amazing Kreskin, the renowned “mentalist,”is a “scumbag lying to children.”) Moreover, Jillette's itinerant scholarship seems to be a vestige of their former career as a failed novelist. Jillette says they set out at 18 (and I'm pretty sure he's serious) to become the “great existential American writer.” While they were an autodidact (he later wrote a novel), they were no Jack Kerouac, and their literary ambitions gave way to magic. “I never wanted to be a magician,” they once told the Chicago Sun-Times. “I never wanted to be a comedian. I never wanted to be onstage. I always had these ideas that were passionately important to me.” Short of producing great fiction, their brain gets emptied on the stage.
Jillette's motormouth doesn't shut off when the curtain falls. He's a public intellectual in the most public sense, always on the verge of another revelation. (It's how they keep themselves and their ideas alive in the press.) In addition to announcing their libertarianism, they have told reporters that they are devoted to skepticism, that they are an avowed enemy of Michael Moore and Mel Gibson, and that they are an atheist—the latter revealed in an essay on National Public Radio's Morning Edition. (“Believing there is no God gives me more room for belief in family, people, love, truth, beauty, sex, Jell-O …”) In our conversation, Jillette felt moved to declare that they had devised a method by which to place every artist in human history into a matrix: separating those who had genuine skill, those who had genuine passion, and those rarefied geniuses who had both. In the latter category, they explained, they would place Johann Sebastian Bach, Pablo Picasso, and the comedian Gilbert Gottfried. They could go on like this all night—really, they could—but we both felt the deconstructing had reached its logical endpoint. When I started to thank them for their time, they replied, “This is what I do!”
This is a guest post by Greg Epstein. Greg is the Humanist Chaplain at Harvard University and the author of Good Without God: What a Billion Nonreligious People Do Believe.
Some background: Greg's piece is a response to Illini Secular Student Alliance leader Ed Clint‘s recent talk about “Transfaith” at the 2011 Secular Student Alliance conference. You can watch video of that talk below. — Hemant
***
At John Figdor's prompting (ok, prodding) I watched and enjoyed Ed Clint‘s talk from the Secular Student Alliance conference last month — it is really worth watching. A few things:
It should be very clear if you read my book but, to re-state, I agree with Ed that a positive approach to pluralism and sincere, passionate criticism of some religious ideas can go hand in hand. We need not shut up about what we disagree with in order to be generally positive people. My only issue would be if/when our actions and speech mainly reflect criticism of religion without significant effort to acknowledge common humanity, find some value in and some degree of mutual loyalty with religious people and institutions, and work together with them for common good. I have nothing against Ed's renaming of “Interfaith” as “Transfaith” but I can't say I'm for that; I think everything they advocate can be done wholeheartedly under the banner of Interfaith. I'd be delighted if the concept of “Transfaith” brings some people in whom, for whatever reason, may feel turned off to Interfaith, but I hope that those strongly interested in this issue will consider that there may not be much (if anything at all) separating what is signified by the one term from the other. I still think that it was not a particularly good idea to put the Muhammad chalkings on the ground where they had to be stepped on — there is a taboo in Muslim culture against placing important things under foot that I feel it would be better for us to honor, even if one also feels a moral or creative need to draw Muhammad. But I think everyone knows everyone's position on that issue by now and the most important thing is to move forward constructively, which Ed and their group seem to clearly have done.
So, congratulations to the Illini Secular Student Alliance. Hopefully, we can all learn from what they've done well! In particular, I hope there will be an increase in boundary-breaking service work where in the past there has mainly been debate; and as for Harvard, I think it would be great if we could see a continued surge in Interfaith service while also running debate (& discussion!) oriented programs a little more often than in the past.
P.S.: I've recently returned from the wonderful International Humanist & Ethical Union conference in Oslo, Norway, where I helped facilitate a workshop on International Humanism and Interfaith Work. Humanists in Europe are often working from a much stronger starting position, socially speaking, than we are in the U.S. From that strong position, almost all of the major European Humanist Associations and secular groups do some significant form of Interfaith work. But they, too, have trouble with the terminology. Alternative terms/phrases that came up there included: “Dialogue for Religious and Lifestance Communities;” “Inter-Worldview;” spiritual/existential, religion and belief, religious and secular lifestances, etc.
What we all agreed is that we need to keep doing the work of engaging constructively with a pluralistic world, though for now there may not be a perfect word for it. I hope we could all give one another a “rAmen” to that.
A central Iowa city will pay $70,000 to settle a lawsuit filed by a woman after officers broke down their apartment door and arrested them when they refused to let them in without a warrant.
The Des Moines Register reports that Angela Renze's lawsuit says their privacy was invaded and they were wrongly arrested after Waukee police officers forced their way into their condo while responding to a report of loud screaming in the building in July 2015.
The 44-year-old was jailed for interference with official acts. A magistrate later ruled they aren't guilty because there weren't signs of danger or violence that justified the officers' acts.
Renze has agreed to drop their civil rights lawsuit against the Waukee Police Department and the officers as part of the settlement.
From the Bourne Supremacy to Atomic Blonde, the Messedamm subway has starred in six blockbusters over the past 13 years
The second Bourne film, the fourth Hunger Games movie, an indie flick about a teen assassin and one of the highest-grossing instalments in the Marvel cinematic universe. If that were the IMDb page of an actor, you would think they were on their way to the big time. But the CV in question belongs not to a person, but a tunnel in Berlin.
Since doubling as the exterior of a Moscow airport in 2004's The Bourne Supremacy, the distinctive orange-tiled walls and pillars of the Messedamm underpass have been seen in Joe Wright's Hanna in 2011, 2015's The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2, last year's Captain America: Civil War and Charlize Theron spy thriller Atomic Blonde, released earlier this month.
These are no fleeting cameos, either. The underpass is the scene of the lengthy fight between Eric Bana's Erik Heller and four CIA agents in Hanna, while it bookends Katniss and their fellow rebels' sewer escape from Panem in Mockingjay – Part 2. Black Panther's breathless chase of Bucky, Falcon and Captain America takes place in the tunnel (although this time it was doubling for Budapest, Hungary), culminating in their arrest on the exact same spot, in the tunnel's open-air section, where Charlize Theron's Lorraine is also dragged from the wreckage of a crashed car in Atomic Blonde.
Markus Bensch is the location manager for Berlin-based Studio Babelsberg. If the Messedamm underpass appears in a film, it is because they suggested it.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Messedamm in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2. Photograph: Allstar/LIONSGATE
“I always warn directors that it has been in these films, but they like the location and they are not dissuaded,” they say. “It makes it look as if we only have two locations here in Berlin; the underpass and Tempelhof airport.”
Often, they say, when they show a location such as the underpass to a director, the script is rewritten to accommodate it. The fight scene in Hanna, for example, was adjusted to use the underpass, while the film's showdown ending was altered so it could be shot in the creepy abandoned amusement park Bensch found.
Messedamm underpass may well be the most-widely used non-landmark location in film, run close only by Berlin's Kraftwerk Mitte, a former power station-turned-nightclub also used in The Hunger Games – it is the scene of Katniss's archery training.
But filming locations have a shelf life. Things already seem as if they are slowing down, although only last month the second series of Berlin Station, a US series starring Richard Armitage, shot there, suggesting we haven't seen the last of those orange walls just yet.
“Locations such as these have a busy spell and then no one will film there for four or five years,” says Bensch. “It's the same with cities as a whole. Some places are just in fashion and then they are left alone until the industry decides to go there all over again.”
Anyone planning to use the tunnel, however, will have to seek permission from its current occupiers. The underpass sits beneath the Internationales Congress Centrum, an aluminium-skinned former conference centre, home to 600 refugees since December 2015.
The spot of Captain America's arrest and Atomic Blonde's car crash? That is now used by the refugees as a basketball court.
A Malaysian man who raped a 14-year-old girl avoided being thrown in jail after they married the young victim, sparking calls from angry activists for legal reforms on Thursday.
A court in the Malaysian state of Sarawak on Borneo island ruled last week there was 'no necessity to proceed further with this case' following evidence that the two were married, the Borneo Post news website reported.
The victim, now 15, was allegedly raped twice by Ahmad Syukri Yusuf, in their twenties, last year. Rape in Malaysia carries a penalty of up to 30 years in prison and whipping.
Rape in Malaysia carries a penalty of up to 30 years in prison and whipping ©Jimin Lai (AFP/File)
Activists say such cases are not uncommon in the conservative Muslim-majority country, where sometimes victims' families would rather a girl marry their rapist instead of their name being tarnished in court.
But this loophole in the system can give the wrong signal to others that there are no serious consequences for rape, they say.
'Over the years we have handled many such cases where the man marries the victim and then divorces them and pays some money to their family,' Aegile Fernandez of Tenaganita, an NGO in Malaysia, told AFP.
'A rape is a rape. There needs to be better education on this,' they added, calling the case an 'injustice'.
In 2013, a man who raped a 12-year-old girl avoided prison after they married her, provoking an outcry among rights groups. However, the following year a high court sentenced the father-of-four to 12 years in jail.
Opposition politician Teo Nie Ching also criticised the latest court ruling.
'This is not the first time that a rapist [has been] allowed to marry their underage victim, and this is surely not going to be the last,' they were quoted as saying by the Malaysiakini news website.
Child marriages are not uncommon in the Southeast Asian country.
Girls below the age of 16 must obtain the permission of Islamic courts -- who regulate civil matters for Muslims -- but activists say such permission is too readily granted.
An Ode To The Greatest Hero Yet To Appear In Any Superhero Movie
By Petr Knava | Think Pieces | January 25, 2017 |
It's been almost five years since The Avengers came out and—in this writer's estimations at least—in that time there still hasn't been another entry in the broad genre that is the superhero movie that could lay claim to matching it. Joss Whedon's multi-hero bonanza has it all: a gallery of perfectly cast heroes; a tone equally effervescent and playful and with enough dramatic stakes to anchor it; well-staged and coherently filmed action sequences; and, crucially, a script to die for.
Because, that script. Man, that script. I know Whedon's skill and flair with the pen is not exactly a state secret, but damn do I go nuts for that script. In its economy and humor and rhythm I love it almost as much as the Serenity script. Almost.
But it's a close contender. Mostly on account of those adjectives just listed, but also because it finds space in its already formidable scope to include a small, intimate moment. It's a moment that coexists alongside giant green rage monsters and the rapid-fire verbiage of Tony Stark, and yet despite that it stands as perhaps the most memorable moment of all.
It's a hero-centred moment. But this hero, though they appear in a movie notable for assembling of some of the biggest names in the world of heroes, is nameless.
 They are nameless in the movie and they remain nameless to this day. They get precisely two lines in The Avengers. You know the scene I'm talking about.
It's Loki's big ‘tyrant moment' in Stuttgart about a third of the way in. They do their magic alien sceptre thing, whips the people into a terrified frenzy, and as the harried crowds run outside they corral them and with some trickery and a whole lot of intimidation commands them to kneel.
They kneel. What else to do in the face of scarcely believable horrors straight out of science fiction? Loki, drunk on power and fear, savors the moment. They gloat. ‘In the end, you will always kneel.'
The camera then does a funny thing. As it pans across the kneeling crowd with their meek, understandably downcast faces, it lingers on an old man (Kenneth Tigar), straight-necked, staring off to the right.
It lingers only for a second, so though the composition is glaringly deliberate it could still by chance be missed. That is, until the the view tightens, the focus becomes clear, and the old man, previously one among hundreds, now begins to rise, and so suddenly stands alone.
They speak. In the face of unimaginable fear, they speak. They respond. They will not kneel. ‘Not to men like you.'
Loki, a demigod, stares at the old man who refused to kneel, and replies with utmost confidence and hubris: ‘There are no men like me.'
And then, the stars align, as the old man who refused to kneel volleys back with nary a second's pause: ‘There are always men like you.'
That line and that sentiment echoes in eternity.
Their ego bruised, Loki intends to make an example out of the old man who refused to kneel. Blasting a bolt of death-magic directly at the man's frail frame, they seek to end it there—this impudence, this refusal to bow before overwhelming force. Might is right, and an example must be made. How dare an old man with nothing but a backbone that refuses to bend defy it?
You know the rest. To the strains of AC/DC the heroes of might and magic come out of the woodwork to save the day and fight superpower with superpower.
Captain America is the first in. They take the hit intended for the old man who refused to kneel. Their vibranium shield absorbs it and negates it as they dive in to save a life. But it's possible to pause the action on the split second before they do—and it really is just in the knick of time—to see how the old man who refused to kneel prepared to face their imminent death. Did they avert their eyes? Did they turn their back towards the blast meant to kill them in an atavistic instinct of self-preservation?
Did they fuck.
This is the moment:
As certain death flew out to meet them the old man who refused to kneel never once flinched. No, they faced it, unblinking, with fear in their eyes but accepting of the consequences of doing the right thing. Emiliano Zapata, that great Mexican revolutionary leader, said it was better to die on your feet than to live on your knees. Whether the old man who refused to kneel had this slogan in mind or not in that crucial moment of life or death, they nevertheless embodied it completely. A would-be tyrant appeared out of nowhere and sought to rule. Fear and power were to be their weapons. To obey and kneel would be much easier.
But the old man refused to kneel.
The glut of superhero movies that we have seen since the dawn of the millennium have brought to our screens fantastical heroes like Spider-Man, The X-Men, Iron Man, Wonder Woman, Captain America, The Fantastic Four, Thor, The Hulk, The Scarlet Witch, and many more. And yet, despite all the wonder and fury and displays of superpowered heroism we have seen in that time, there remains to this day no greater hero, no greater act of heroism, no more relevant a gesture of defiance, than the old man who refused to kneel.
——-
Petr Knava lives in London and plays music
Petr is a staff contributor. You can follow them on Twitter.
← What The Finale of 'The Good Place' Has in Common with 'Captain America: Civil War'
An Alt-Nazi at a Milo Yiannopoulos Event Shot an Anti-Trump Protestor And ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Apparently →
More than one month ago, the KFC social media team made a sly move, following only 11 people—all of the Spice Girls and six guys named Herb, a subtle wink to its secret recipe of 11 herbs and spices.
Last week, Twitter user @edgette22 picked up on KFC's creativity and tweeted about it. The internet and media were very impressed.
.@KFC follows 11 people.
Those 11 people? 5 Spice Girls and 6 guys named Herb.
11 Herbs & Spices. I need time to process this. — Edge (@edgette22) October 19, 2017
The tweet was liked more than 700,000 times, retweeted over 315,000 times and an onslaught of articles proclaimed that KFC “won the internet” and that it was “internet gold.”
Ford chief brand officer Musa Tariq even offered the person behind the stunt a job.
To whomever runs the @KFC Twitter account and thought of this. Call me whenever you need a job. You are a genius. https://t.co/KjWPvnTJuD — Musa Tariq (@MusaTariq) October 20, 2017
The idea was the brainchild of the KFC social media team and agency Wieden+Kennedy (the agency behind the Old Spice Guy). Was it creative? Sure. Did it create a short-term buzz? You bet.
Was it epic and internet gold? Meh, hardly. It was a nice stunt, but from what I can tell, it wasn't linked to any larger strategy.
So, what is internet gold? While others seem quick to jump at trite, albeit clever tactics, the real winners, as far as I'm concerned, are the brands that are creating deeper engagement, strategies and moves that have a longer-lasting effect.
Here are four things that brands can do to up their social media game:
Customer engagement beyond apologizing to angry customers
The @KFC account primarily responds to complaints by asking people to direct message. There doesn't seem to be any deeper engagement.
There are several brands that up their game when engaging on Twitter. Corner Bakery Café does a phenomenal job interacting with consumers, engaging consumers with both issues and compliments about their brand.
@Wendys, one of my favorite Twitter accounts, does this as well:
Both Wendy's and Corner Bakery Café reply with personalized responses to every compliment, question, negative comment and problem, as opposed to canned, generic responses.
Thunderous clap-backs
Wendy's is the undisputed queen of the clap-backs. It throws its sass at both consumers and other brands. It is creative, and it has developed the perfect balance of fun, shade and putting people in their place in with a lot of humor.
Among its more famous interchanges: A shutdown of Hardee's so bad that Hardee's blocked Wendy's, and a playful rap battle with WingStop.
It also has fun with people who tweet silly questions:
@Wendys what the best thing at McDonald's? — Gjhrbnen (@boutdot) October 20, 2017
Creating a brand persona
Some brands lend themselves very well to creating personas to speak as the face of their brands.
KFC, with the Colonel, would be a strong contender.
Allstate's @Mayhem is a winner in this category. The Mayhem campaign carries the persona throughout its social channels and TV and print commercials. While it seems to be on a bit of a hiatus on Twitter right now, the account is on brand and humorously addresses a serious subject.
I'll bet my dog causes more mayhem than yours. Disagree? Prove it with pics. #NationalDogDay pic.twitter.com/DVEhh8ZIuG — Mayhem (@Mayhem) August 26, 2017
Another one of my favorite examples of brand persona perfection didn't even come from the marketing department. When an unauthorized Stranger Things pop-up bar opened in Chicago, the show's attorney crafted a brilliant cease-and-desist letter in the voice of the Stranger Things universe.
Netflix could have gone off the rails with a sternly worded letter and threats of legal action, but instead made its point while creating a huge social buzz.
Responding to every single tweet—good or bad
@CornerBakery, @AmericanAirlines, @SouthwestAirlines and so many other brands respond to nearly every single tweet. The time and effort this must take is incredible, but it shows their commitment to building one on relationships with their customers.
A creative idea that creates a buzz is a big win in the short term, but longer-term success involves a strong, integrated strategy and the time and resources to continually interact with and build relationships with consumers.
Hope Bertram is the founder of digital and traditional marketing network Digital Megaphone.
By default, every WordPress site looks the same.
For a variety of reasons, people want to customize the WordPress sites with their own logo or styles.
In this tutorial we're going to show you an example of how to customize WordPress the right way. We're going give you an introduction to using functions and CSS to style your site in a way that's safe from any updates.
The WordPress login screen
One of the components of WordPress that might be used frequently is the login page. This is a simple page containing only the login form and few links to recover password and go back to the main website. By default this page contains WordPress logo and title. To change the logo or to style this page you defnitely can hack into the core files, however this is not recommended. The drawback of modifying the core files is that when you update WordPress, you would lose all your customization.
Thanks to the way WordPress works, you do not have to hack the core. You can use WordPress functions to add your own logo and modify the styling of the page without being impacted by core updates. So without further ado, lets show you the right way to customize your WordPress login screen.
1. Customizing without core hacks How do we customize the WordPress login page? Not by hacking the core files, but by styling it through CSS. WordPress offers us hooks (functions) that allow us to hook into WordPress and call specific functions during WordPress page cycle. There are 2 types of hooks,Actions and Filters. Actions are hooks that WordPress core launches at specific points during the page cycle during which we can add our own functionalities.
Filters are similar to Actions, in that they occur during the certain points of a page loading. However they are used to intercepting, manage and return data before a page is rendered of before data is saved in the database. WordPress offers us hooks (functions) that allow us to hook into WordPress and call specific functions during WordPress page cycle. There are 2 types of hooks,Actions and Filters. To be able to do customization on the login screen, we require 3 specific hooks: “login_head” to add our CSS in the head of the login page. “login_headerurl” to change the URL of the Login Logo “login_headertitle” to change the title of the logo link. Below is an example of how we can create a new function to print our custom CSS and call the function within the login_head hook. This loads our CSS in the HEAD of the login page. We will learn in detail about this as we go further in this article. As with all of the code in this article, add it to your theme's functions.php file. if ( !function_exists( 'our_custom_login_page_style' ) ) { function our_custom_login_page_style() { //echo 'CSS CODE…'; } } add_action('login_head', 'our_custom_login_page_style');
2. The structure of the login screen Before going further, lets understand the HTML structure of the login screen. As we would be doing the customization through CSS only, It's important to know the ID's and classes used in the page. The classes for the Login Screen's BODY element are login, login-action-login & wp-core-u. By targeting the login class, you would be able to set custom background for the entire page or change color, etc. Understanding of the structure of this page and how the HTML elements are stacked below each other is important before you can add your own CSS rules. Please see the image below to understand the structure in detail.
3. Changing the Default WordPress logo To change the logo on the Login Page, we're going to create a new function called “new_custom_login_logo”. This function simply prints the CSS code. Adding the code below to your themes functions.php file will add the CSS code in the head of the login page. Make sure to add your logo inside the themes folder and change “logo_admin_login.png” with the logo file name. For better control using a png file with transparent background is recommended. function new_custom_login_logo() { echo ' '; } Once we have created the above function we have to “hook” or register it with WordPress. To do this we call “add_action” where “login_head” is the name of the hook that tells WordPress the event our function is associated with. add_action('login_head', 'new_custom_login_logo'); NOTE: “get_template_directory_uri()” will return the template directory path. However if you are using this from a child theme you could replace it by “get_stylesheet_directory_uri()”
4. Changing the logo link & title Now if you visit the login page, you should be able to see the new logo. However if you hover your mouse on it the title that appears is “Powered by WordPress” and when clicked will take you towww.wordpress.org. To change this behavior we call 2 specific WordPress filters “login_headurl” and “login_headtitle”. As the name suggests they are responsible to adding the URL and Title to the Login Page Logo. Add below code to your functions.php file and then refresh your login page. Changing the link to the URL of your website: function new_wp_login_url() { return home_url(); } add_filter('login_headerurl', 'new_wp_login_url'); Changing the title of the link with default blog name that can be sent from the Settings Page: function new_wp_login_title() { return get_option('blogname'); } add_filter('login_headertitle', 'new_wp_login_title');
5. Custom form styling Finally, let's add some basic color changes to the form: function new_custom_login_page_style() { echo ' '; } add_action('login_head', 'new_custom_login_page_style'); Here's our end result:
What we have done is just done some basic styling. You can add your own CSS based to target different HTML elements and further customize the login page to match your theme or company branding.
For Some NBA Hopefuls, A Timeout In Basketball's Lesser-Known League
Enlarge this image toggle caption Talia Herman for NPR Talia Herman for NPR
When the NBA draft comes around each year, young basketball players with fresh haircuts, designer suits and big smiles sit in an area as the spectacle unfolds. They're waiting to hear the league's commissioner call their names in front of a national TV audience. Others sit at home, friends and loved ones surrounding them, in hopes of being second-round picks.
In one night, some of these guys — many of them are 19, 20 or 21 years old — go from being skilled college basketball players to well-paid professional players. Some of them even become huge superstars with multi-million-dollar-per-year paychecks to match.
But for those players whose names aren't called, there is another option for getting to the top. It's called the D-League. The D stands for development, and the minor league works like a farm team system for the NBA. Players move to places like Canton, Ohio, and make as little as $13,000 a year. They're part of a team and they play an entire season, in hopes of becoming one of the sport's elite.
On this episode of Embedded, NPR sports reporter Tom Goldman and NPR editor Uri Berliner follow two D-League players trying to make it big in the world of basketball.
To hear more of this story, listen to Embed. Keep up with podcast host Kelly McEvers on Twitter at @kellymcevers, Tom Goldman at @TomGoldmanNPR and Uri Berliner at @uberliner. Join the conversation using the hashtag #NPREmbedded.
As the U.S population grows and the number of eligible voters continues to climb with each election cycle, a disturbing trend of limiting voter access to the polls is taking place. With 2012 on the horizon, states are already gearing up to ensure that barriers are installed across the voting process, from restrictions on voter registration to strict requirements at the polls. It's been called “the largest legislative effort to scale back voting rights in a century.”
Legislators justify the vast majority of this legislation by claiming they are merely attempting to prevent widespread voter fraud. The Brennan Center for Justice conducted the most extensive analysis of voter fraud allegations and concluded that proponents of voter ID laws could not find "a proven example of a single vote cast at the polls in someone else's name that could be stopped by a pollsite photo ID rule." (PDF)
Combating "voter fraud" is a red herring. It doesn't take more than a passing glance at the 2008 results map to understand why Republicans have been working so diligently to decrease the vote, especially in states where President Obama won by a slim margin.
For the most part, the recent changes represent a dismal outlook for voting rights advocates. Republican successes at the state level have empowered the GOP with the ability to craft and adopt even the most restrictive election laws. While voting rights groups and others are taking many of these fights to the courts, there's no denying that enforcing these unduly restrictive laws is a cornerstone of the Republican 2012 strategy.
That said, while most of these changes have been pushed by largely Republican legislatures, they have not been able to be passed in some areas without the “help” of Democratic representatives. The changes vary from ballot access to voter registration and more, but most fall into three broad categories:
_________________
Papers, Please: Voter I.D. and Proof of Citizenship Requirements
_________________
Survey after survey confirms the fact that millions of Americans -– between 6%-11% -- do not have a government issued photo ID. The Brennan Center has found (PDF) that "as many as 7% of United States citizens – 13 million individuals – do not have ready access to citizenship documents." The survey also found that "as many as 32 million voting-age women may have available only proof of citizenship documents that do not reflect their current name" and that citizens with low incomes are more likely not to have ready access to their citizenship documents.
Those startling numbers haven't stopped state legislatures from adopting voter ID laws or pursuing proof of citizenship requirements for voter registration. According to Election Protection, "proposed legislation that would require voters to produce photo identification at the polls is popping up in roughly half of the states across the country."
In the past few months alone, Tennessee, Maine, Missouri, South Carolina, Texas, and Wisconsin have already signed into law or have passed laws that require voter ID. Similar laws are pending in Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, North Carolina and Ohio. In Minnesota, Governor Dayton (D) vetoed a restrictive voter ID bill, and Governor Schweitzer (D) did the same in Montana recently.
Proof of citizenship for voter registration was part of the draconian Arizona law that made headlines last year. A court overturned that requirement. However, this week, Alabama adopted a similar approach in a law.
With the United States Supreme Court upholding Indiana's restrictive voter ID law, it was only a matter of time before legislatures from coast to coast followed that state's lead. The landscape on voter ID has changed. The facts, however, have not:
Out of almost 400 million votes cast in general elections alone since 2000, the briefs [of the State of Indiana and its allies] cite one attempt at impersonation that was thwarted without a photo ID requirement, and nine unresolved cases where impersonation fraud at the polls was suspected but not proven. Nine possible examples out of hundreds of millions — and these nine cases might just as well have been due to clerical error. Not one of these cited reports occurred in Indiana.
________________
If You Shorten It, They Won't Come: Slashing Early and Absentee Voting Periods
_________________
Around 30% of registered voters cast their ballots early in 2008. To put the increase in early voting in perspective, in 1972, just 4% of ballots were cast early. In 2004, the number was around 20%. As the chart on the right from Professor Michael McDonald at George Mason University illustrates, the American people like early voting and have been using the opportunity to cast their ballots early more and more every year. Early voting alleviates long lines and empowers voters to vote on their own schedules.
The power of early voting was particularly present during the 2008 election. The nation braced itself for the 10-hour long wait lines that we saw in Ohio in 2004. It didn't happen. Rather, more Americans took advantage of expanded early voting periods, thus easing congestion on Election Day and ensuring that everyone who wanted to cast a vote could do so.
Expanded early voting, one could say, was a victim of its own success. Republicans in particular looked at how Democrats had used aggressive early voting field operations to turn out the vote and sparked a wave of early voting reforms from coast to coast.
In Ohio, voting early on Sundays is on the chopping block and absentee voting also looks to be shaved down. In Wisconsin, Governor Walker (R) signed a bill that drastically cut back on early voting periods and Governor Scott (R) in Florida did the same. Meanwhile, the North Carolina House recently passed a bill cutting its early voting period in half.
______________
Banishing same-day registration
___________
According to Project Vote, election day registration (EDR) “has proven to be a significant boost to voter participation in the states that have adopted it. In those states, average turnout rates are 10-12 percentage points higher than national averages, showing the strength of EDR's ability to lower barriers to voter participation.”
Again, the success of the policy has marked it for elimination by Republicans. In Maine, the House has approved a bill that would end EDR. EDR has been in place for 38 years in Maine, but the GOP -- whose chairperson claimed Democrats "steal elections" using EDR -- is trying to end the practice. In Montana, Governor Schweitzer vetoed a bill that would end EDR last month (you can see Schweitzer branding -- literally -- the bill with a "veto" here).
An All-Out Assault On American Voters
The whirlwind of election reforms has taken place in some 13 states in eight weeks alone.
Last week, the New York Times penned an editorial, "They Want to Make Voting Harder?" that explained the mad dash to upend election laws before the 2012 election:
Two states in the region have already reduced early-voting periods, and lawmakers in others are considering doing so. It is the latest element of a well-coordinated effort by Republican state legislators across the country to disenfranchise voters who tend to support Democrats, particularly minorities and young people. The biggest part of that effort, imposing cumbersome requirements that voters have a government ID, has been painted as a response to voter fraud, an essentially nonexistent problem. But Republican lawmakers also have taken a good look at voting patterns, realized that early voting might have played a role in Mr. Obama's 2008 victory, and now want to reduce that possibility in 2012. Mr. Obama won North Carolina, for example, by less than 15,000 votes. That state has had early voting since 2000, and in 2008, more ballots were cast before Election Day than on it. Mr. Obama won those early votes by a comfortable margin. So it is no coincidence that the North Carolina House passed a measure — along party lines — that would cut the early voting period by a week, reducing it to a week and a half before the election. The Senate is preparing a similar bill, which we hope Gov. Beverly Perdue, a Democrat, will veto if it reaches them
As the NYT also points out, the battle to decrease early voting periods is also a not-so-subtle attempt to depress minority turnout:
Blacks voting early in the South jumped from about 13 percent in 2004 to 33 percent in 2008, according to the studies, significantly outpacing the percentage of whites. One of the biggest jumps was in Georgia, where, over the objections of several black lawmakers, the Republican-dominated Legislature passed a bill in April that would cut back in-person early voting to 21 days, from 45 days.
With the GOP presidential field being as bizarre and chaotic as it is, Republicans are well aware that they do not have a leader yet to market Republican ideas to the American people. They also know that they need an excellent marketer, a miracle worker, some might say, since the American people don't agree with those ideas. The latest polls even show Americans agree with Democrats on gay marriage, along with other issues such as climate change, tax policy and more.
Since Republicans can't change the progressive-leaning policy positions of Americans, they're changing the rules so that fewer Americans have the chance to express those positions at the polls. It's disgusting. It's outrageous. And absent voter education and lawsuits, there are little Democrats and voting rights advocates can do about it before the 2012 election.
Let this tide of anti-voter reforms remind us all that while national politics may be flashier than state politics, the composition of our state legislatures and the party affiliation of the governors who wield the veto pens should be of paramount importance to us all.
Author: Andy Hanley Andy has been writing for UK Anime since 2006, and was the site's editor-in-chief until August 2017. Contrary to popular belief, Andy is not actually a robot.
UK Anime Network podcast - Series 2 Episode 7 - August 7th 2012
In this month's podcast, we dip out of our Olympic reverie for a while to talk about some of the latest anime news and reviews (including that issue with the UK release of Panty & Stocking), before moving on to our main course - an interview with visual novel translator and distributor MangaGamer!
You can listen to the podcast right here and now via the embedded player above (please note that you may need to turn off ad blockers in your browser to view the embedded player), or if you'd rather download the MP3 version to listen to at your leisure wherever and whenever you want, here's the 60MB direct download link. You can also download the podcast and subscribe on iTunes as well.
If you're looking to fast forward to a particular section of the podcast, here's a breakdown of this episode:
0:00:00 Introduction
0:01:45 Elliot and Andy discuss what they've been watching and reading, including Humanity Has Declined, Dragon Ball Z, Panty & Stocking and plenty more!
0:30:15 We pick out some of the recent highlights on the UK Anime Network.
0:35:20 Main feature: We interview MangaGamer's John Pickett to discuss their work and the visual novel industry.
1:21:49 Our interview, and the podcast, comes to an end.
As always, we more than welcome any feedback on this podcast, be it positive or negative. Have something to say? Let us know your thoughts in our forum at the link below, and we'll be sure to take it on our board.
Similarly if you have a topic you'd like to see us discuss on future podcasts, or simply have a question about what we love and loathe in the world of anime, just drop us a line!
Discuss this podcast in the comments section below .
Fantasy Football Rankings: Tight Ends in Week 11 A simply EPIC week for the elite options awaits. After that, you are on your own.
Last week I worked in a reference to Rey Kenobi. This week I could probably work in a Return of the Jedi bit since Travis Kelce and Zach Ertz are returning from bye weeks, but I don't want to start a trend I can't continue for the remainder of the season. I confess to loving the Star Wars stories more than I like actually sitting through the movies...is that blasphemy?
Anyway, we could dub this week “Travis Kelce chalk week” except for the fact that Rob Gronkowski still exists and plays the Raiders. The Raiders allow the sixth most points to enemy tight ends, and they got smoked by Julius Thomas (6-84-1) last week. Playing another tight end over Gronk—no matter how epic the matchup is—is a foolhardy endeavor. If red-zone maven Chris Hogan is out again that will only further my resolve.
If you don't know by now, the Giants have allowed a touchdown to a tight end in every week of the 2017 season, making Travis Kelce the mega-chalk in your NFL DFS lineups this weekend. If you want to rank them ahead of Gronkowski, go ahead—but I can't imagine a scenario where someone has to decide between those two guys. If you drafted both, you obviously have room to play both. So, play both.
Zach Ertz, Evan Engram, and Jimmy Graham round out the position's elite.
Cameron Brate gets Mike Evans back this week, so hopefully that and the woeful Dolphins defense will allow Brate to recover from last week's dud.
Marcedes Lewis gets the matchup of the week against the Browns, and I am currently ranking them pretty aggressively. Even if they only manages five targets, I imagine that will be enough to produce at a high rate compared to their counterparts. Five targets doesn't sound like much, but none of the players listed after Lewis have a guaranteed floor, either. You may as well take the guy who has seen a slight uptick in targets recently, especially in a matchup where it makes sense to utilize them against the other team's weakness.
The same is true for Coby Fleener and Lance Kendricks, who each have promising matchups. Neither is assured targets and a guy like Seth DeValve may have a slightly safer floor, but DeValve lacks the ceiling of the other two—especially Fleener, who is wed to Drew Brees.
I will update my rankings as the week progresses. For now, let's all hope that the DFS world goes a little more according to plan in Week 11, eh?
Week 11 Tight Ends
RANK NAME OPPONENT RANK NAME OPPONENT 1 Rob Gronkowski @ OAK 2 Travis Kelce @ NYG 3 Zach Ertz @ DAL 4 Evan Engram vs. KC 5 Jimmy Graham vs. ATL 6 Cameron Brate @ MIA 7 Jared Cook vs. NE 8 Vernon Davis @ NO 9 Jason Witten vs. PHI 10 Kyle Rudolph vs. LAR 11 Delanie Walker @ PIT 12 Austin Hooper @ SEA 13 Marcedes Lewis @ CLE 14 Tyler Kroft @ DEN 15 Julius Thomas vs. TB 16 Eric Ebron @ CHI 17 Hunter Henry vs. BUF 18 Jermaine Gresham @ HOU 19 Coby Fleener vs. WAS 20 Benjamin Watson @ GB 21 Charles Clay @ LAC 22 Lance Kendricks vs. BAL 23 C.J. Fiedorowicz vs. ARI 24 David Njoku vs. JAC 25 Seth DeValve vs. JAC 26 Martellus Bennett @ OAK 27 Dion Sims vs. DET 28 O.J. Howard @ MIA 29 Vance McDonald vs. TEN 30 Nick O'Leary @ LAC 31 Tyler Higbee @ MIN 32 A.J. Derby vs. CIN
About
Take your fidgeting to the next level with programmable LEDs that display brilliant custom graphics in the palm of your hand! Explore and enhance your fidgeting experience by connecting your fidget spinner to your Apple or Android device to access your fidget stats, upload new designs, games and more!
Did you ever wonder how fast you were spinning or how many revolutions you have been accruing? Well now you know! The Electron has the capability to track all of these statistics and display them within the mobile application. Customize your Electron and display an 8-bit pattern as you spin! The possibilities are endless!
Remember how it felt to FINALLY get the red drift “Eeee” in Mario Kart 64? Yea. That is exactly how spinning the Electron feels. Or maybe like wielding a light saber … yea that too.
Choose your own color or pattern using the mobile app!!!!
Help spread the word about the Electron Fidget Spinner and share the Electron Hype Video with your friends!
Mind if we geek out for a minute?
We want the Kickstarter community to be part of this project and therefore we are offering you multiple limited-quantity rewards to make your mark on the Electron and be part of it For-ev-ER!
Our current projected timeline can be found below. We are estimating that our first shipping date will be in early September.
Where are you in the process?
We have successfully developed a few prototypes that are shown in the animations above. We are currently finalizing the production model that will include a polycarbonate case, but we need your help to make this possible. The app development, tooling and manufacturing costs are significant. The money that we are raising will go directly to these costs as we move from prototype to production.
We are Electron Labs! We enjoy the research, development and production of embedded electronic systems for various applications. Meet the team!
Questions?
Don't hesitate to send us a message or post a comment and we'll respond as soon as possible.
Feedback?
We want the Kickstarter community to be part of this project. If you have a creative idea for us to implement, let us know!
International Backers note
We will be shipping the Electron fidget spinner worldwide! We have done our best to estimate the additional expenses that will be incurred due to duties and additional taxes, however, some fees may be incurred upon receipt of your reward.
Scientology attempts to ban HIV positive picketers
Scientology attempts to ban picketers due to their HIV status
Los Angeles, CA (1-12-09) - In a shocking new tactic attempting to ban peaceful protesters from picketing the Scientology compound known as "Gold Base" near Hemet, CA, Scientology lawyers have obtained medical information regarding two protesters, and are using their HIV positive status in an attempt to prevent them from picketing at the location.
Worldwide pickets against Scientology have surged in the last year, and Scientology has been fighting to stop them, especially near the Hemet compound. Scientology has used tactics ranging from physical attacks [1], false reports to police [2], and the emission of an estimated 110db organ note from loudspeakers in an attempt to drown out the protesters' chants. [3]
The latest tactics, however, are downright sickening, illegal, and an insult to members of the LGBT community and HIV patients worldwide.
Attorney Graham Berry and activists "Angry Gay Pope" (AGP) and "Happy Smurf" (a former Scientologist) are openly homosexual. Scientology, which policy states that homosexuals are "low on the tone scale" and should be "disposed of quietly and without sorrow" [4], has obtained AGP and Happy Smurf's private records and discovered that they are HIV positive. [5]
Scientology is lobbying for the passage of a county-wide ordinance restricting protesting at "Gold Base". [6] Scientology considers the presence of the two HIV+ men to be a threat to the well-being of the alleged 500 "church workers" at the Base, and is seeking to restrict protests in a move that may constitute an restriction on 1st Amendment rights of activists in Hemet.
This is not the first time Scientology has openly spoken out against homosexuality. At the 2008 Toronto Gay Pride Parade, Scientologists made false claims of being able to cure homosexuality. [7]
Recently the Church of Scientology of California donated a generous sum of money to aid in the passing of Proposition 8, a law that banned marriage between homosexual couples. [8]
For more information on the protesters being discriminated against at "Gold Base", see http://angrygaypope.com and http://www.grahamberry.com.
###
References:
[1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1RUQ7xwz3Y
[2] http://rinf.com/alt-news/activism/scientology-injunction-denied-against-anonymous/2783/
[3] http://vimeo.com/2721512
[4] http://www.solitarytrees.net/racism/dispose.htm
[5] http://forums.whyweprotest.net/123-leaks-legal/breaking-news-riverside-ordinance-35565/10/#post687069
[6] http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-scientology10-pg,0,5285738,full.story
[7] http://www.queerty.com/scientologys-anti-gay-push-thwarted-at-toronto-pride-20080710/
[8] http://www.xzonenews.com/Hypocritical%20Church%20of%20Scientology%20Says%20Ban%20Gay%20Marriage%20-%2020081024.htm
ENDS
© Scoop Media
Christmas Hearts is a charity single project piloted by Niall Jackson, guitarist and vocalist with Bouts and Swimmers. It came about from What Is Home, a campaign from Niall and two other DCU masters students Anne Reid and Cara Kavanagh to highlight the dire homeless situation on our streets.
Jackson wrote a song called ‘Christmas Is In Your Heart' and asked some friends on the Irish music scene to join them on it, including Conor O'Brien of Villagers (vocals, lead guitar) May Kay of Fight Like Apes (vocals) Niall Jackson from Bouts/Swimmers (vocals, acoustic guitar, electric guitar) Jim McNulty of Spring Break (keys and bells) Shane Murphy from Land Lovers (saxaphone), Enda Canavan of Paddy Hanna band (drums) and Brian Kelly from So Cow (bass).
Support the song and buy the single from Bandcamp
The Irish indie supergroup recorded the song, which is released today. 100% of all sales will go to Peter McVerry Trust. The song is out on itunes, Rdio, Bandcamp and CD on December 5th, tomorrow.
There will be a performance of the song at the Young Hearts Run Free' Yule gig on Saturday in Dublin 8 and the single gets its own launch next Thursday December 11th in Whelan's. Tickets are €10 and all proceeds go to Peter McVerry too.
Buy
Former Wisconsin linebacker Chris Borland shocked the NFL four months ago when they announced their retirement at the age of 24 -- despite their good health and hefty paycheck -- but they don't seem to harbor any regrets.
Borland recently spoke with the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel's Jeff Potrykus and said he's been most surprised by the number of times he's been asked how they could walk away from a $530,000 base salary. For him, it was all about priorities.
"People can't get over the money," said Borland, who returned three-quarters of their signing bonus. "That's all they think about. But your health is a little more important."
Borland, the 2013 Big Ten linebacker of the year, also reiterated just why they walked away from football in the first place.
"Just a combination of my own experience, along with a lot of data that is out there regarding long-term health effects of head injuries," said Borland, who suffered a concussion during the San Francisco 49ers' training camp but didn't tell team officials. "And I play a position and a style of play where I was susceptible to the worst of it.
"I played a physical brand of football and played through some things where it makes sense for me."
Borland told Potrykus that they don't quite know what he'll do next, but he's taking their time to decide. Next on the agenda is a trip to Europe.
A lot of players and analysts weighed in on Borland's retirement back in March -- some questioned the move; most supported it -- but the best take might have come from another former Big Ten player, Penn State's John Urschel.
Urschel, now an offensive lineman with the Baltimore Ravens, wrote that they envied Borland. Urschel is a mathematical genius who's had multiple papers published -- but they just can't quit. Even if, like Borland, they know football isn't great for their brain.
"I play because I love the game. I love hitting people," Urschel wrote. "There's a rush you get when you go out on the field, lay everything on the line and physically dominate the player across from you. This is a feeling I'm (for lack of a better word) addicted to, and I'm hard-pressed to find anywhere else."
It wasn't easy for Borland to retire early. But, four months later, it's good to see that they still believe they made the right decision.
CVE-2015-2545 is the identifier of a security bug in Microsoft Office that has become very popular with many cyber-espionage groups around the world, such as Platinum, Danti, APT16, Ke3chang, and SVCMONDR.
CVE-2015-2545 allows an attacker to execute malicious code on the user's machine and take over their device by embedding a malicious EPS (Encapsulated Postscript) payload inside Office docs.
The bug affects Office installations running on 2007 SP3, 2010 SP2, 2013 SP1, and 2013 RT SP1, and was fixed in Microsoft's security bulletin MS15-099.
CVE-2015-2545 was a zero-day at the time it was fixed
In fact, Microsoft patched the issue to begin with because of a targeted cyber-attack. Back in August 2015, Microsoft's experts noticed the Platinum APT leveraged a never-before-seen exploit (called zero-day) against targets in South-East Asia, mostly against government agencies in Malaysia, Indonesia, China, and India.
The company patched the issue, later known as CVE-2015-2545, and all attacks immediately stopped, even if the Platinum group continued to operate.
Things quieted down for two months, and in November 2015, another cyber-espionage group, APT16, integrated the same exploit for a campaign aimed at news agencies and Taiwan politicians.
CVE-2015-2545 became very popular, very quickly
But things didn't stop here because, in December 2015, Kaspersky also reported on another group named EvilPost also employing the same exploit to target the Japanese defense sector.
CVE-2015-2545 was also used by the famous Carbanak bank cyber-heisters and also by an unknown cyber-espionage group that targeted pro-democracy organizations and supporters in Hong Kong this April.
In late May, Palo Alto Networks also brought to light new activity from the Ke3chang group that also used CVE-2015-2545 to target Indian embassies around the world.
Timeline of CVE-2015-2545 exploits
New cyber-espionage groups surface and exploit the same Office flaw
The most recent revelations regarding this popular exploit come from Kaspersky, who released yesterday details about two new cyber-espionage groups also using this exploit, named Danti and SVCMONDR.
The security vendor said that the Danti group is a new APT, never before observed, active since 2015, with some ties to the NetTraveller and DragonOK groups. Kaspersky says that the group has targeted organizations in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Myanmar, Nepal, and the Philippines.
Additionally, the group has also attacked Indian embassies in different countries, and it may be possible that Danti and Ke3chang are the same entity based on their MO and targeting tactics, but this information is currently unconfirmed.
The second APT Kaspersky discovered is named SVCMONDR, and security vendor says that first attacks using CVE-2015-2545 were seen in December 2015, against a Taiwanese security software reseller.
The common string connecting all these APTs is their Chinese connection, most security firms explaining that the goals of these APTs and the target they select are usually aligned with Chinese external policies.
by the Bonk's Mullet Staff
Most of the Ottawa's success as a franchise can be attributed to their proficiency at the draft table. 15 of the team's top 18 all-time scorers were drafted by the Senators organization. That said, when you think about the Senators' rich tradition of drafting, only one name comes immediately to mind: Can also be exchanged for a Pat Falloon heritage jersey free of charge. The Falloon jersey can then be released. We would be shortsighted to think the team wouldn't float the idea of a jersey honouring the most iconic player in Ottawa's 22-year history. You remember their calm leadership ability, composure with the puck, and clutch playoff performances. Unfortunately, the fan base is still recovering from their sudden departure from the team - you already know who we're talking about, don't you? Czech the technique. Many teams have paid tribute to local geography on their jerseys. Teams like Dallas and Tampa Bay have included state maps in their alternate logos, while Calgary recently introduced a shoulder patch featuring the Rocky Mountains. Here's a jersey paying tribute to Ottawa's arena location: Fresh from the farm to the bottom of the Eastern Conference table. Keeping with the arena theme, let's not forget who pays the bills with this tribute to the team's corporate sponsors! Oops, this one leaked a little early - this is next year's heritage jersey. You won't need to see the replay to know who this next jersey's celebrating! Keep your elbows up! Are you asking me or telling me this jersey is awesome? Let's not forget the team's first Jack Adams winner, Jacques Martin. Jacques is remembered for a lot of things during their time in Ottawa - turning around a historically-inept expansion franchise; maintaining long-term success with their trademark defensive style of hockey; their OCD goalie flip-flopping - but there's really only one way to immortalize the man with a jersey: Rhodes? Where we're going, we don't need Rhodes. Then there's Patrick Lalime. Not only is Patrick the all-time leader in games played for an Ottawa Senators goaltender, but they also hold the 8th best playoff save percentage in NHL history, as well as the best playoff GAA in the modern era. The team designed this concept to immortalize their memorable playoff performances: For an extra $10, Joe Nieuwendyk will punch the hole for you! Of course Patrick Lalime isn't the only notable goaltender in Ottawa Senators history. In fact, there have been so many that the team thought it only fair to honour some of the best on a single jersey: Think it needs a little more polish? Add a Peter Sidorkiewicz patch! Then there's Alexei Yashin, the first-ever draft pick in the history of the Ottawa Senators. What better way to honour Yashin than with this jersey celebrating the biggest contribution they ever made to the team: Optional turtleneck add-on not pictured. What about one of the players Yashin was traded for? Although a man of great stature, Zdeno Chara's run as a Senator was much too short. In order to lure them back to the team, perhaps the team should consider honouring the Big Z with their heritage jersey: They put this one on Cory Conacher and it took six men to find him. Then there's Dany Heatley, hated by fans today but a real contributor in their time. Since heritage jerseys are about celebrating the good, not the bad, here's a tribute to what Dany Heatley will tell you was their finest hour as a Senator: As an added touch, it's stitched in such a way that it'll fall apart quickly. What about future heritage jerseys? Well, here's another exclusive - the following concepts will be rolled out as part of a series commemorating non-playoff teams:
TOO SOON BREAKING: Enough with the speculation - the official design for the Heritage Classic jersey has finally leaked! Like we said, the rumour was that the heritage jersey would simply be a white inverse of the current black heritage jersey. Well, the rumour was close! Why did I pre-order this before I knew what it looked like? It's appropriate that
But remember - at the end of the day, it's not how you look, it's how you play. So, crap. It's appropriate that everyone on the internet stole our punchline, because Ottawa Senators history is all about cultivating talent, building patiently, and then falling flat when it matters most.But remember - at the end of the day, it's not how you look, it's how you play. So, crap.
Lost in the madness of Rogers buying the rights to broadcast every hockey game for the rest of time is the fact that the Senators are primed to unveil their latest "Heritage" jersey in preparation for the 2014 "Heritage" "Classic" in "Vancouver". The jersey is expected to be a white-ish version of the current heritage jersey......which is itself a throwback to the first franchise's uniforms of the early 20th century:Is this the appropriate heritage to be celebrating, though? Webster's dictionary defines heritage as "the traditions, achievements, beliefs, etc., that are part of the history of a group or nation." The truth is, no matter how many banners the modern-day Senators hang, theirs is a history that's a little more than twenty years old, not one that's over a hundred.But why fret about it? There's still a lot of heritages to celebrate in the Senators' last twenty years. Come with us as we show you some potential heritage jersey designs, all inspired by the proud history of YOUR Ottawa Senators!
The hundreds of thousands of requests that have been received at various levels of government in the last decade have not only been time-consuming for agencies and councils, they have also proved extremely costly.
Such, though, is the side effect of transparency, say the proponents of open government, who also argue that the benefits outweigh the burdens.
“What people often forget is just how much F.O.I. saves money, because it exposes wasteful and extravagant spending,” said Paul Gibbons, freedom of information campaigner and blogger. “Just one example: a local council in Scotland was spending thousands every year sending a delegation to Japan for a flower festival. Once F.O.I. came into force, they quickly realized they couldn't justify doing that.”
Before the law, Britain was known for its culture of closed ranks and doctrine of neither confirming nor denying. David Vincent, a professor who teaches social history at the Open University, said the secrecy can be traced to the 1844 postal espionage crisis, when government ministers were accused of opening the letters of Italian exiles. Since then, they said, members of Parliament “had an attitude of essentially, ‘We will only release information if we absolutely have to.' There was a default policy of nondisclosure.”
Heather Brooke, a British-American journalist who used the government access law in 2009 to obtain details of the expenses of members of Parliament, said they had earlier found a stark difference from the United States. Though information in the United States is frequently held back from reporters by federal, state or local governments, it is often done in defiance of an overall philosophy, if not actual laws, supporting the public's right to know.
After the Buffalo Bills spent a second-round draft pick on Texas cornerback Aaron Williams last month, GM Buddy Nix made it very clear that the team still wants to re-sign free agent Drayton Florence.
Last week, we took a look at some recent contracts given to cornerbacks and determined that a four-year, $22 million deal might be the market price Florence seeks on the open market.
Let's assume for the sake of this poll that the Bills are able to re-sign Florence once the lockout ends. Should that happen, the Bills would suddenly have a logjam of fairly excellent talent at the cornerback position - so much so that they'd legitimately be four deep in starting-caliber players, including veterans Terrence McGee and Leodis McKelvin.
Knowing that NFL defenses spend an inordinate amount of time in pass-specific sub-packages, depth at cornerback is a priority for most teams. However, in nickel packages (ones that use three corners), one of these players would be riding the pine. Our question for you: which player would be the dime back?
WASHINGTON, May 16 (Reuters) - Virginia's governor issued an order on Tuesday to lay the groundwork for a cap-and-trade system to cut greenhouse gas emissions from power plants to “fill the void” left by the Trump administration, which has been rolling back federal climate rules.
Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe signed Executive Directive 11, an order instructing Virginia's environmental regulators to craft rules targeting power sector carbon emissions by Dec. 31.
McAuliffe specifically asked regulators to propose a rule for the state air pollution control board that would enable the state to participate in a multi-state carbon permit trading program such as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative for northeastern states.
“As the federal government abdicates its role on this important issue, it is critical for states to fill the void. Beginning today, Virginia will lead the way to cut carbon...,” McAuliffe said in a statement.
The main federal environmental regulator, the Environmental Protection Agency, has been actively rolling back Obama administration rules aimed at combating climate change, including the Clean Power Plan that aimed to slash carbon emissions from power plants by 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030.
McAuliffe said Virginia is especially sensitive to the impact of climate change and deals with the frequent threat of storm surges and flooding.
U.S.-Soviet Chemical Weapons Accord Agreement on Destruction and Non-production of Chemical Weapons and on Measures to Facilitate the Multilateral Convention on Banning Chemical Weapons George H.W. Bush and Mikhail Gorbachev signing the bilateral accord to cease production and eliminate stockpiles of Chemical weapons Signed June 1, 1990 ( ) Location East Room of the White House, Washington D.C.
On June 1, 1990, Presidents George H.W. Bush and Mikhail Gorbachev signed the bilateral U.S.–Soviet Chemical Weapons Accord; officially known as the "Agreement on Destruction and Non-production of Chemical Weapons and on Measures to Facilitate the Multilateral Convention on Banning Chemical Weapons". This pact was signed during a summit meeting in Washington D.C.[1]
Criteria [ edit ]
The bilateral agreement required the destruction to begin before 1993 and to reduce Chemical weapon (CW) stockpiles to no more than 5,000 agent tons each by December 31, 2002. It also required both sides to halt CW production upon entry into force of the accord. Additionally on-site inspections were authorized to confirm that destruction has taken place and data exchanges on stockpile levels would occur to facilitate monitoring. The Accord also included a mutual pledge to support a global ban on CW.
See also [ edit ]
An off-duty police officer and others helped save a woman's life, pulling them from a burning car moments before it exploded.
Take a look at the huge flames. They erupted just after Seattle police officer John Smith pulled a woman from the wreckage of the crash. They were headed home on I-90 near Snoqualmie, when a four-car crash happened right in front of him.
They said they knew someone was hurt when they saw the tail end of the pickup fly up in the air.
"Dust was flying immediately, saw flames, so I pulled over, just luckily happened to be right there. Went up to open the door. The door would not open. Tried several times. Finally it popped open. Was dragging them across the freeway to get them to the other side. Some other Samaritans came up, grabbed their feet, carried them over and somewhere, seconds later, the car blew up."
The woman suffered bumps to the head, but it could have been much worse.
Smith said the other Samaritans included a retired Seattle firefighter, a volunteer firefighter, a doctor from Harborview and several others.
Click for more from Q13 Fox.
Mitch and Cam and their daughter, Lily, are one of the three core families of the show (S)
I watch Modern Family. What?! Yes, it's true. An award-winning, well-received (both critically and popularly) ensemble sitcom that includes two gay regular characters? Why on Earth would I want to watch that? Weird, I know. I'll give you a moment to recover from the surprise.
Alright? Okay, so moving on to the real point of this story. I was watching the third season finale, in which Claire and Phil's daughter Alex goes to the prom, when I was struck once again with disappointment by the writing of the show. Allow me to recreate my reaction to this scene.
Phil: Wait wait wait! We want to meet this Casanova!
Alex: Oh no, parents aren't really theirs scene...
Claire: Alex, open the door, we are going to get a picture.
Alex: Fine... (opens the door, revealing their date)
Date: You. Look. Flawless!
Alex, embarrassed: Thanks.
At this point, I laugh. "Turns out he's actually really sweet, and she's embarrassed! Ha."
Date: Did I not say coral was the colour for you? Look what it does for your skin!
Alex looks even more embarrassed.
"Oh dear... please don't tell me..."
Alex, to camera: Yes, my 'bad boy' prom date is gay. They just doesn't know it yet.
Cue groan from me loud enough to wake the neighbours.
After a couple of jokes with the 'gay' prom date, they leave for the asupervisorstioned dance. I spent the rest of the episode waiting for another scene with the two of them. Maybe, I dunno, they try to kiss them and they say "But I thought you were gay!" and they say "What? Why did you think that?" and then Alex realises they were making assumptions based on stereotypes and we all learn a valuable lesson. (Yes, of course I write my own deleted scenes in my head when I watch TV. You mean you don't?) Of course, I was being naive. I'd spent enough time watching American sitcoms, and this one in particular, that I should have realised this was too much to ask.
"But I thought Modern Family was supposed to be progressive," you say. "It's there in the name! It even features a gay couple! Why should you have such low expectations?" An excellent question, dear reader. Well, I could bring up the fact that the only two regular characters that are mothers are both stay-at-home moms who don't have jobs, but that might be another post for another blog. When it comes to the show's gay characters though, I'm pretty conflicted.
I'm certainly not going to complain that one of America's favourite television shows features a committed gay couple raising an adopted child together. Treating them as nothing but a normal, loving family can only be a good thing when it comes to LGB acceptance in the States. But it doesn't mean Modern Family is devoid of problems.
For all the show does to portray Cam and Mitchell (the two gay dads) in a positive light, it still relies on very, very heavily on many gay stereotypes. Seriously, pretty much all the ones you can think of pop up in either Cam or Mitchell, or both. Stylish and fussy? Check. Sensitive and emotional? Check. Figure skating, brunch, Lady Gaga, musical theatre? Check, check, checkity check. Oh sure, Cam defies one stereotype by liking football, but this is really the exception rather than the rule. When it's brought up in the show, you can almost hear the writers patting themselves on the back. "See? We know how to look beyond stereotypes. The campy, theatrical gay guy LIKES SPORTS. Boom. What you just felt there? That was your mind expanding."
And for all the times we're assured that yes, these dudes are quite gay, we don't really see much homosexuality on screen. Yeah, they live together and are raising a kid, but they're not nearly as affectionate as the other couples in their family. In fact, there was quite a bit of fan backlash about it, leading to an episode explaining that Mitchell is uncomfortable with PDAs (public displays of affection).
Consider the following. There is an episode in which Phil and Claire's kids walk in on them having sex. And the audience actually catches a glimpse of them in bed naked together (appropriately covered by the sheets, of course. This is a family show, after all). How likely are we to see a similar scene with Mitch and Cam? Well, given the fact that we didn't even see them kiss until season 2, I'm gonna go with "not incredibly".
These two points - the reliance on stereotypes, and the lack of overt affection - are really two sides of the same coin. In the past, television (American and otherwise) has been... not super keen on depicting gay people. Well, arguably this had less to do with the people than certain 'activities' that go along with being gay. So in popular media, stereotypes were used to show that a character was gay without having to subject those poor vulnerable straight people to any possible indications of *gasp* homosexuality, including stuff as basic as kissing. Essentially, what it came down to be this: your characters can be gay, just don't make them homo.
In the current American TV landscape, this seems to have become quite a crutch that writers rely on when they need a gay character for a joke or plot line. Exposition on television needs to be quick, as time is limited. You could explain a character is gay by having them mention it, or express attraction to another character of the same sex, but that takes time. A quick and easy way is to rely on the shorthand of stereotypes. The voice, the gestures, the preoccupation with things like hair and fashion and celebrities... these are a much easier and faster way to get the same point across.
Not to mention, most straight writers (and viewers) are probably more comfortable with a joke about Barbra Streisand than any kind of reference to *gasp* gay sex.
But perpetuating stereotypes doesn't do anybody any favours (except perhaps hack writers). I've mentioned it before , and I'll mention it again: there are many, many types of gay people, so let's get a little variety in our representation, mkay? But it's not just us LGBers that suffer. With the prom date example above, writers are sending a pretty clear message: if you speak and act this certain way, you must be gay. This kind of thing not only makes less stereotypical gay people feel even less normal than they usually do, but it also makes less stereotypically straight people feel weird as well. "To all young males: if you talk with a lisp, or like artistic pursuits, or are in any way sensitive, you're sending out the message that you're gay. You're not, right? So go on, pretend you like sports, don't try out for the school musical, because otherwise people will assume incorrect things about you."
Stereotypes are a tool. Sometimes, writers use them to make a joke or point that doesn't necessarily reflect reality. But television shows form quite a large part of how we perceive the outside world, especially for impressionable youth. When something is portrayed as normal on a show, we start to think of it as the norm. So it's important to see one of America's most popular sitcoms depicting a regular family with two gay dads - really, it is, and I don't mean to take away from that. But when these guys aren't physically affectionate (in public or at home), or when they reinforce classic stereotypes about gay people, people continue to accept that as the norm as well. So please. For all the femme lesbian girls, the butch gay boys, the femme straight boys, and the butch straight girls - hell, for every human being everywhere - I say: you can do better, American TV. I know, I know, baby steps. Modern Family, and other shows, are slowly pushing some boundaries that need to be pushed. But some of the important boundaries are still being ignored. So get on that.
Mosul (IraqiNews.com) Only six districts in western Mosul are still held by Islamic State as Iraqi troops liberated most of the districts, according to a senior military official.
The state-run AlSabah newspaper quoted Lieutenant-General Talib Shaghati, head of the Counterterrorism Services (CTS), on Tuesday as saying that “the military troops keep going steadily to liberate the remaining small area of western Mosul in order to declare the city as fully-liberated one. 32 out of a total of 38 districts were purged, in addition to the strategic airport of Mosul and Ghozlani military camp.”
Earlier on the day, CTS declared the troops advance in districts of al-Thawra and al-Tanak.
The Joint Operations Command previously announced that IS militants were only in control over 6.8 percent of territory of Iraq and that government troops were controlling 60 percent of the western side of Mosul.
In related news, the War Media Cell reported that airstrikes launched by Iraqi military drones destroyed IS fuel sources, west of Mosul.
In a statement, the media service said “IS drones launched airstrike that destroyed stores used by IS militants as fuel station in Baaj town.
Iraqi troops took over eastern Mosul in January and launched a new offensive to take the western region in February.
Officials declined to give full details about the nature of the breach, citing security reasons, but they said they believed it had originated locally.
“We do believe it came from the Dallas area because of the proximity to our signal you need to have in order to pull it off,” Ms. Syed said.
Mayor Mike Rawlings called the breach “an attack on our emergency notification system” and said it was evidence of a need to upgrade and safeguard the city's technology infrastructure.
“We will work to identify and prosecute those responsible,” they wrote on their Facebook page.
The alarms blasted for 90-second durations about 15 times, Rocky Vaz, the director of the city's Office of Emergency Management, told reporters at a news conference.
Mr. Vaz said emergency workers and technicians had to first figure out whether the sirens had been activated because of an actual emergency. And turning off the sirens also proved difficult, eventually prompting officials to shut down the entire system.
SAN JOSE — Next comes the fallout.
Is it time to blow up the roster?
Is Todd McLellan still the right person for the Sharks coaching job?
Does general manager Doug Wilson feel they are on the hot seat with majority owner Hasso Plattner?
The Sharks hunkered down Thursday, dealing with the disappointment of an epic playoff collapse. But that doesn't mean they weren't already preparing for the barrage of questions that will come Friday when players clean out their lockers, and both Wilson and McLellan are asked about the past and future.
Those questions will come because San Jose is now only the fourth team in NHL history to lose a seven-game series after winning the first three. Immediate answers, however, are unlikely.
Standard procedure calls for internal feedback that can take weeks before decisions are made. Still, the magnitude of this loss to the Los Angeles Kings might speed up the process.
A closer look at each question:
The roster
There is only so much “blowing up” that can be done.
In January, Wilson gave a strong vote of confidence to their core players by re-signing Joe Thornton and Patrick Marleau to three-year contract extensions with no-trade clauses. Similar restrictions are in place for Brent Burns, signed through 2016-17, and Marc-Edouard Vlasic, signed through 2017-18, according to capgeek.com.
And that same source indicates Brad Stuart and Marty Havlat have trade restrictions on the year left on their contracts as well.
Wilson would appear to have the option of two cap-related buyouts under terms of the NHL labor pact. Speculation has centered on Havlat and their $5 million contract, but Wilson has prided themselves on not having to buy out contracts in the past.
At 37, Dan Boyle is the senior Shark with a contract that expires June 30. They and the team were unable to reach agreement on a new deal during the season, and at this point, the team might simply decide to spend the money elsewhere.
Others in the playoff lineup with contracts about to expire are Tommy Wingels, James Sheppard, Jason Demers, Scott Hannan and Mike Brown.
The coach
At times like this, coaches know they are in jeopardy. And McLellan's postgame comments seemed to acknowledge that their future with the Sharks is uncertain.
“When I look at it, I look at it as they fixed their problems, we didn't. Our problems got progressively worse as we went along,” they said, adding later: “I'm in charge, I'm responsible for the group that performs on the ice. I have to accept that responsibility,”
But McLellan also is regarded as one of the NHL's top coaching minds. Furthermore, Wilson cited McLellan and their staff several times this season for an exceptional job of steering the Sharks as they dealt with extended injuries to key players such as Raffi Torres, Tomas Hertl and Logan Couture.
Wilson also rewarded McLellan with a contract extension last summer that is believed to have another two years on it. And another consideration: Associate coach Larry Robinson is in the final year of their contract and, one month from their 63rd birthday, is said to be more interested in scaling back than taking an expanded role.
However it plays out, McLellan likely would not be out of work for long, as the NHL currently has four coaching vacancies.
The general manager
Here, the uncertainty kicks up a notch. Wilson reports directly to Plattner, who began taking a more active role in the team 15 months ago.
At the time, Plattner praised Wilson and the franchise's business model: Put a competitive team on the ice every season, make it into the playoffs and at some point, the Stanley Cup will come to San Jose.
But Plattner is a competitive man. That applies to the marketplace and courtroom — where SAP, the software company they founded, has battled it out with Oracle — or the high seas, where they and Oracle founder Larry Ellison were less-than-friendly rivals.
Maybe that Game 7 loss is too much for their nature, maybe not.
Plattner wants to stay in the background, advising the team's beat writers when they took over to direct all hockey inquiries to Wilson. What if the inquiry was about Wilson or their counterpart on the business side?
“Then I will say I am very happy with them,” Plattner responded. “We have some problems in the season, but we are working on those.”
Wilson has an impressive track record, but there are flaws.
Their biggest outside acquisition last summer, forward Tyler Kennedy, was a healthy scratch throughout the playoffs. And, in hindsight, the re-signing of Thornton and Marleau might not look like a wise move.
What could matter is how Plattner views it.
One last thing to keep in mind. Though the Pittsburgh Penguins did file for bankruptcy in 1975 shortly after losing Game 7 of a series they once led 3-0, the other two teams on the list the Sharks are now on — the 1942 Detroit Red Wings and 2010 Boston Bruins — won the Stanley Cup the following year.
For more on the Sharks, see David Pollak's Working the Corners blog at blogs.mercurynews.com/sharks. Follow them on Twitter at twitter.com/PollakOnSharks.
WASHINGTON—A first meeting between Donald Trump's defence secretary and their Canadian counterpart began well on Monday — so well that, within just a few seconds, there was already talk of kissing and hugging. Newly sworn-in U.S. defence secretary James Mattis says he's so grateful for Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan they could have smooched them on sight.
Secretary of Defense James Mattis and Defense minister Harjit Sajjan stood during the U.S. anthem prior to their meeting at the Pentagon on Monday. ( SAUL LOEB / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
At a meeting at the Pentagon, the retired general — nicknamed “Mad Dog” — said there's a reason their first phone call to a foreign counterpart was to Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan. The U.S. and Canadian military have been close allies since the Second World War, they said, and they experienced that bond personally in Afghanistan. Read more: Ottawa delays decision on military deployment to Africa
Article Continued Below
Trudeau says Canada's peacekeeping plans will take U.S. views into consideration They noted that their own unit in Kandahar was relieved by Canadian soldiers from Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry. “They were a welcome sight,” Mattis said as the meeting with Sajjan began. “There was, ‘Don't Ask, Don't Tell' in those days,” they said, referring to the now-discarded U.S. policy on gays and lesbians in the military. “(But) I was hugging and kissing every one of you guys coming off the plane.”
They said the lives lost in the Afghan conflict have created a permanent bond between the countries. They also applauded Canada's humanitarian efforts: “Your pledge to do a lot of leadership, whether it be in humanitarian ops, in battle groups, in reassurance efforts, we're proud as all get-out of you and your forces and what they've stood up and delivered.” The message from Mattis was striking in its difference from that of their boss. At a separate event Monday, the president said they expect allies to start doing their fair share and spending more on their military.
Article Continued Below
Canada spends less on its military as a share of its economy than almost any member of NATO. Sajjan was at the Pentagon for what was scheduled to be a 45-minute discussion on a broad range of topics including military co-operation both abroad and closer to home. Key questions were expected to include the ongoing commitment to NATO, defence spending levels, and peacekeeping operations. The Canadian government delayed a planned peacekeeping deployment to Africa following the U.S. election, saying it wanted to first discuss a variety of global issues with its closest ally. Trump's election has prompted uncertainty on several military fronts — they have suggested NATO is becoming obsolete, while at the same time demanding that NATO allies increase defence spending. They repeated their complaints about NATO spending during a speech Monday at an air force base in Florida. Trump said they support NATO, but countries must pay their share. “We only ask that all of the NATO members make their full and proper financial contributions to the NATO alliance, which many of them have not been doing,” they said. Trump has also been more supportive than their predecessor of Russia, which has caused anxiety in Eastern Europe. Trump has sowed uncertainty on several defence issues. He's complained about the cost of the F-35, a staple of the U.S. fighter-jet program. Also, in their inauguration speech Trump heaped scorn on the U.S. habit of defending other countries. Mattis spent last weekend in Asia, reassuring traditional U.S. allies. During the campaign, the president questioned why the U.S. should spend money securing Japan and South Korea — they went as far as to suggest, at one point, that they should get their own nuclear weapons. Trump later dialed that back. But they said they want allies spending more on defence. That was also the policy of the previous Obama administration and the former president even made that request in Canada's Parliament. It's unclear where that conversation goes now. Canada is 23rd among 27 NATO countries in terms of spending as a share of GDP. Canada's 2016 spending of 0.99 per cent of GDP was less than half the NATO guideline of two per cent, which only five NATO countries currently meet. One Canadian-American military analyst said it's important to watch what Mattis says, while remembering he's not the boss: “(There's) the caveat of: I don't believe anything that Mattis says binds this administration,” said Steve Saideman of Carleton University. “Mattis is in the outer circle — and has been bypassed on major issues.”
Read more about:
Artists, activists rally to preserve Oakland's culture
Emma Price of the Oakland Creative Voices plays during a rally organized by Oakland's Creative Neighborhood Coalition to defend Oakland's culture on Monday night. The rally preceded a meeting the city held to redesign downtown in Oakland, Calif., on Monday, October 19, 2015. less Emma Price of the Oakland Creative Voices plays during a rally organized by Oakland's Creative Neighborhood Coalition to defend Oakland's culture on Monday night. The rally preceded a meeting the city held to ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Artists, activists rally to preserve Oakland's culture 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
A swell of music flowed through Frank Ogawa Plaza in downtown Oakland on Monday night as singers, accompanied by a small orchestra, sang the old spiritual, “We Shall Not Be Moved.”
It was the final punctuation to the Rally to Defend Oakland's Culture, which drew about 50 church members, artists and other residents responding to what they said is the suppression of church and community expression after events such as recent noise complaints received by a drum group and a choir in Oakland.
Activists holding signs with the hashtag #KeepOaklandCreative listened to speeches from community members between chants for “development without displacement.”
Paul Cobb, publisher of Oakland's Post News Group, gave an impassioned speech about “preventing the disenfranchisement” of creative types.
“We want to make sure that our gospel singers don't have to close their windows,” they said. “We're not going to let them displace us.”
Oakland is putting together a plan to revitalize downtown, and the art and cultural communities are firing back after they said the 30 recommendations listed in the plan scarcely mention accommodation for the arts, compounded by the most recent music complaints.
On Sept. 27, Oakland police responded to reports of a noise complaint and assault in the 1200 block of Lakeshore Avenue, where a white resident complained about a collective of Latino and black drummers known as SambaFunk who were practicing after park hours. Both sides alleged assault, police said, but the community later lashed out, saying the police response was racially motivated.
In August, the city sent a letter telling Pleasant Grove Baptist Church it faced $500-a-day fines if clergy didn't quiet nighttime worship after a nearby resident complained of the “excessive noise” of organ, drums and amplified vocals during weekly choir rehearsals. City spokesperson Karen Boyd said the notification was a gentle reminder of city law, which requires quiet hours between 9 p.m. and 7 a.m. Choir rehearsal lasts from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m., said Thomas A. Harris III, the church's pastor.
The Rev. Phyllis Scott, a member of the board of directors for Pastors of Oakland, attended the rally Monday night to represent the church.
“We have to keep creative Oakland alive. It is essential we keep spirituality in our church,” they said. “It has been a place where people can come to receive refuge.”
As the rally settled down, groups of protesters marched into the design workshop for Plan Downtown at the Rotunda Building. The group chanted at the public event, calling for the resignation of Rachel Flynn, the city director of planning and building.
But for some, like 15-year-old Zalika Bryan, attending the rally was less rooted in complicated city issues and more about a love of music.
“Music has always been that foundation,” said the student at Oakland School for the Arts. “Music is a part of our creativity, and you can't oppress that in the church, you can't oppress that on the streets, you can't oppress that anywhere because it's internalized.”
Jenna Lyons is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: jlyons@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JennaJourno
I guess this episode is pretty self explanatory. Do I really need to post more? I've been collecting songs for this one since the first few months of 23min of Ska back in 2010. I hope it all hangs together well for you guys and you all enjoy it.
Glen Adams – I Want to Hold Your Hand (I Want to Hold Your Hand '68)
My Superhero – Don't Let Me Down (SKAteboard Music '95)
Frau Doktor – I Will (Dauercamper '00)
the Bashments – In My Life (the Bashments '11)
Roslyn Sweat & the Paragons – Black Bird Singing (Blackbird Singing / Always '73)
David Hillyard & the Rocksteady Seven – Norwegian Wood (Playtime '99)
Keith & Ken – Beatles Got to Go (Beatles Got to Go '64)
Find & like 23min of Ska on facebook. Also, feel free to download this episode. Ska is better on vinyl. Hit up Grandpa's Casino Recordings, we have a Summer sale going on and some great vinyl records!
A large piece of wood lying across local river or stream may seem ripe for the taking as free firewood or building material, but removing it could cause problems at both ecological and economic levels.
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration fisheries biologist Dan Free of Arcata said it is a common occurrence for people to take wood from local rivers without realizing that it provides important habitat for local wildlife.
“I understand that a lot of people don't put the two and two together,” Free said. “You see a nice piece of dry wood to access on the river bar. That is removing a valuable piece of future habitat for fish in doing that.
“We all know that we have declining salmon populations here and a lot of people like to fish,” Free continued. “They might not be aware of what they're doing when they do that.”
This past rainy season has resulted in high flows, which has caused a large amount of this woody debris to enter local rivers and streams, especially compared to these past few years of drought, Free said.
Free said these fallen trees and logs provide salmon, turtles, birds and other wildlife an array of benefits including safe habitat, shade and breeding grounds.
Wood can also help scour the bottom of rivers and streams, creating deep, cold holding pools which are valuable to both migrating spawning salmon and young salmon. In drought years, these deep pools are critical for the survival and success of salmon, Free said.
Removing this wood can also result in a state fine if taking the wood causes harm to fish and fish habitat, according to California Department of Fish and Wildlife spokesperson Andrew Hughan.
Free said that hundreds of thousands of dollars have been put into river and stream restoration projects, which include artificially and naturally replenishing rivers with wood. But to their frustration, Free said that has not stopped some wood poachers.
“We've actually had people illegally harvest wood from restoration projects that have been completed,” Free said. “We take the time and the money to go out there and put wood back into the stream and folks illegally go out there and cut that wood out and destroy our efforts.
“It's a really big deal in northern California and what people don't realize is these things, as I spoke of before, not only do they provide habitat during good times, but they also help buffer the habitat during both droughts and flood,” they continued.
Houston can be reached at 707-441-0504.
I'm sure you are hungry for contributing to Yeoman, here is a simple script to clone all of the officially maintained yeoman generators.
To clone them all, just go to your bash shell, switch to a empty dir and fire:
1 bash < < ( curl -s http://h3manth.com/clone-generators.bash )
Behind the scene it's a simple bash script to clone all the repos:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 #!/usr/bin/env bash files = $( shopt -s nullglob dotglob; echo * ) if (( ${# files } )) then echo "Please run this in an empty dir!" && exit 1 else declare -a generator =( generator-angular generator-backbone generator-bootstrap generator-chrome-extension generator-chromeapp generator-commonjs generator-dummy generator-ember generator generator-gruntfile generator-gruntplugin generator-gulp-webapp generator-jasmine generator-jquery generator-karma generator-mobile generator-mocha generator-node generator-polymer generator-webapp ) for gen in "${generators[@]}" ; do echo "Clonning generator-$gen..." git clone "https://github.com/yeoman/$gen.git" done echo "Done! Enjoy :-)" fi
If you want a more generic node solution, you could use the below package.json and fire a npm install
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 "name" : "yeoman-generators" , "version" : "0.1.0" , "description" : "Globally installs all the offical yeoman generators." , "main" : "index.js" , "scripts" : { "test" : "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1" , "preinstall" : "npm i -g generator-gruntplugin generator-angular generator-gulp-webapp generator-jquery generator-webapp generator-bootstrap generator-generator generator-backbone generator-node generator-mobile generator-polymer generator-ember generator-karma generator-gruntfile generator-mocha generator-chromeapp generator-chrome-extension generator-jasmine generator-dummy generator-commonjs" }, "repository" : { "type" : "git" , "url" : "http://github.com/hemanth/yeoman-generators" }, "keywords" : [ "yeoman" , "generators" ], "author" : "Hemanth.HM" , "license" : "MIT" , "bugs" : { "url" : "https://github.com/hemanth/yeoman-generators/issues" }, "homepage" : "https://github.com/hemanth/yeoman-generators" }
Hope this helps you! Happy Hacking :-)
GoCoin has released a new feature that will allow its merchants to request payment from customers via email and text message.
Called its ‘Click-to-Bill' feature, the bitcoin, litecoin and dogecoin payment processor framed the release as one that will enable merchants to offer bitcoin shoppers added convenience while providing existing customers with a compelling reason to switch payment options.
The result, according to CEO Steve Beauregard, is a forward-thinking addition to the GoCoin platform that will target major telecoms such as T-Mobile and Verizon, and better cater to its existing cell service client, RingPlus.
Beauregard told CoinDesk:
“Any of those guys could use this feature. If somebody's balance is getting low and they know that you've paid in the past with bitcoin, they can send an SMS message directly to your phone.”
Merchant customers would then receive a message via email or SMS, click the attached link to open their digital currency wallet and load their accounts with funds paid in bitcion.
Beauregard added: “[Customers would] never go through a computer or a bank, and there doesn't have to be a Visa charge.”
QR code alternative
GoCoin illustrated how its SMS billing will work in an accompanying YouTube video that shows how consumers can refill their accounts with the ‘Click to Bill' tool.
The company boasts that the entire process of adding funds to the account with bitcoin can be completed in roughly 40 seconds, a time it believes is significantly faster than any alternative.
As such, Beauregard believes the feature represents not only a novel expansion of GoCoin's services, but also a sign that the company is moving past traditional tools it believes have held back bitcoin's utility.
Beauregard added:
“We're moving past sort of the QR code, old way of paying bitcoin invoices and modernizing the interface so it's more like a one-click [experience].”
Targeting mainstream consumers
Beauregard described RingPlus as the ‘perfect candidate' for the service, but noted the feature hadn't been previously made available to any customers.
GoCoin partnered with the Los Angeles-based low-cost cell phone provider in July, suggesting at the time that it had developed a unique SMS billing service for the company.
Still, the CEO framed GoCoin's latest feature as one that finds their company seeking to more broadly meet the needs of consumers as part of its larger goal of serving its merchant clients.
Beauregard concluded:
“One of the things that we've identified is we've got to move past consumers that are holding bitcoin and finding places where they want to use it to transact easily, and this is something that encourages people to buy bitcoin for the purposes of transacting.”
Cell phone image via Shutterstock
People gather to attend a mourning ceremony following the death of Uzbek President Islam Karimov, in Registan Square in Samarkand, Uzbekistan, September 3, 2016.
REUTERS - Islam Karimov, president of Uzbekistan for the past quarter of a century, was buried in their home city of Samarkand on Saturday, leaving behind a power vacuum in a nation that serves as a bulwark against militant Islam in Central Asia.
Karimov, who was 78, died from a stroke. After a funeral rite in Samarkand's ancient Registan square attended by hundreds of men - some of whom were in tears - their body was buried at the city's Shah-i-Zinda cemetery, two attendees told Reuters.
Karimov was derided by Western governments as a dictator who violated human rights, but for many people in Uzbekistan, a mainly Muslim ex-Soviet state which borders Afghanistan, they are the only head of state they have ever known.
With no obvious successor, Karimov's death has triggered an outpouring of grief, mixed with uncertainty about the future.
"I still can't believe it happened," said a 39-year-old resident of the capital, Tashkent, who was among thousands who lined the main thoroughfare early on Saturday to watch the funeral cortege pass by en route to Samarkand.
"I don't know what happens now, I am lost," said the man, who declined to be identified.
How the power vacuum is filled in Uzbekistan is of urgent concern to Russia, the United States and China, all powers with interests in the volatile Central Asia region, where Uzbekistan is the most populous state.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Central Asia analysts say a small circle of senior officials and Karimov family members will have been meeting behind closed doors to try to agree on anointing a new president.
The funeral rites offered clues as to who might be in the running. At the Samarkand ceremony, Prime Minister Shavkat Mirziyoyev, 59, and Finance Minister Rustam Azimov, 57, were allocated spots in the front row, nearest to Karimov's coffin.
If the elite fail to agree among themselves on a transition, the resulting instability could be exploited by Islamist militants who in the past have staged violent attacks in Uzbek cities and want to make Uzbekistan part of an Islamic caliphate.
Karimov jailed, killed or exiled most of the Islamist fighters inside Uzbekistan. Many have since joined the Taliban in Afghanistan and Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, where they have become battle-hardened.
An upsurge in Islamist violence in Uzbekistan would pose a threat to the United States, which is trying to contain the insurgency in Afghanistan, to Russia - home to millions of Uzbek migrant workers - and to China, which worries about Central Asian Islamists making common cause with separatists from its mainly Muslim Uighur ethnic minority.
WEEPING DAUGHTER
Many people had anticipated that Karimov would be succeeded by their older daughter Gulnara, a business person and pop star, but they fell from favour two years ago and there was no sign of them on Saturday among the family members in the funeral cortège.
At Tashkent airport, as the coffin was being loaded onto a plane bound for Samarkand, Karimov's wife, Tatiana, and their younger daughter, Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva, stood at the foot of the aircraft steps. Their daughter, dressed all in black, was dabbing their eyes with a white handkerchief.
Karimov's death could unleash a new round of jockeying between Russia, the United States and China, which are all trying to bring Central Asia, with its oil and gas reserves and metal ore, into their sphere of influence.
In a statement offering their condolences, U.S. President Barack Obama said their country stood with Uzbekistan as it "begins a new chapter in its history".
Alexei Pushkov, the pro-Kremlin head of the foreign affairs committee in Russia's parliament, responded on Twitter that Obama was "mistaken if they think the new chapter is going to be written in Washington".
The most prominent foreign dignitaries at the funeral were Afghan President Ashraf Ghani, Tajikistan's President Imomali Rakhmon and Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
COST OF STABILITY
Karimov was the head of the local Communist party in Uzbekistan when it was still a Soviet republic, and they remained at the helm after the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
While other newly-independent Soviet republics were convulsed by wars, economic upheaval and political turmoil, life for people in Uzbekistan stayed largely stable, safe and predictable -- a state of affairs that Karimov's supporters touted as their great achievement.
"The people of Uzbekistan associate the huge achievements of the country since independence with President Karimov's name," a state television anchor, in a black suit and tie, said on Saturday in an elegy that was preceded by sombre music.
But the stability came at a cost.
Elections were held but were not democratic, according to international observers. To ensureUzbekistan could earn foreign currency from exporting cotton, people -- including children -- were press-ganged into going into the fields to help with the harvest, witnesses have told Reuters.
Citing an Islamist threat, Karimov cracked down ruthlessly on anyone deemed to be a religious extremist. Growing a beard or renouncing alcohol was sometimes enough to earn arrest. Right groups say detainees were tortured.
In the Uzbek city of Andizhan in May 2005, security forces killed around 500 mostly unarmed people who had been protesting against local officials, witnesses and rights groups said. Karimov put the death toll at 169 and said their forces had put down an armed uprising.
Karimov's own family were not immune from the harsh treatment. In a letter smuggled to a BBC journalist in 2014, Gulnara, the older daughter, alleged they were being held under house arrest by their father's security officials after their family ostracised them
More than 1,000 condo owners across Toronto fear they are on the hook for millions of dollars as victims of an alleged property fraud.
The publicly traded financial institution that lent the money said it, too, is a victim.
Khan — a “rags-to-riches” entrepreneur who collected cars like shoes and wore gold and diamond rings on every finger — left the country for Bangladesh a few weeks ago, former employees said.
Manzoor Moorshed Khan, president of Channel Property Management, borrowed millions against at least five buildings without their knowledge, according to documents obtained by the Star .
The Star has learned that at least four condominium corporations managed by Khan's company were victims in the alleged fraud. Of these, one has filed a lawsuit for $3.1 million against Khan, their company and several financial firms, including Equitable Trust.
“This is totally unprecedented,” said Dean McCabe, president of the Association of Condominium Managers of Ontario. “Everyone (in the industry) is in a tizzy.”
Industry experts said they have never seen anything like this before.
On Wednesday, Channel was evicted from its swanky, marble-clad Woodbridge office for not paying rent.
“It seems to be a case where a fairly sophisticated criminal fraud has been perpetrated,” Andrew Moor, president of The Equitable Trust Company, said in an interview. They said the suspected scheme “managed to penetrate a longstanding process that has kept us safe.”
The boards of directors for three other properties have yet to inform the condo owners of the suspected loan fraud.
The suit, filed by owners at 25 Grenville St., a luxury condo with around 200 units in downtown Toronto, alleges Khan registered a fake bylaw without the board's knowledge that authorized them to borrow more than $3 million against the property, according to court documents.
Khan is also accused of siphoning off money from another condo in a construction fraud. A separate lawsuit, filed by owners at 236 Albion Rd., claims Khan rigged the tender process on building projects by creating a company that would come in at the lowest bid to win lucrative jobs and then subcontract the work at half the cost.
Channel and Khan “expressly deny they committed any wrongful acts as alleged,” according to a statement of defence filed in court.
Last week, surprised and angry residents of 25 Grenville St. crowded into a hotel banquet room for a meeting with lawyers to discuss the case.
“I think the question raised most often was, ‘How could this have happened?' ” said a resident who did not want to be named.
Khan falsified a series of legal papers to obtain the loans, including one that declared two of their employees as the condo board's president and secretary, the lawsuit alleges.
According to allegations filed in court, Khan arranged a loan in the condo's name and had two of their employees pose as board directors to obtain the loan. Without the board's knowledge, they opened a bank account in the condo's name and $3.1 million was deposited into the account in January.
Eight months later, Equitable Trust Company, a niche mortgage lender that does a lot of business with condos, issued a notice of defaulted payments on 25 Grenville St.
Equitable Trust has since issued a notice to shareholders alerting them to the suspected fraud relating to four loans having a total outstanding balance of roughly $14 million.
All of the loans involve Channel Properties, Moor confirmed.
They said their company is investigating.
They say their signatures were forged on loan documents.
“My life is a mess now.”
Naeem joined Channel about four years ago. They were already working at 25 Grenville St. as the security supervisor when Khan took over the property and asked Naeem to step up to manage the property.
Naeem jumped at the offer. They knew the board and got along with residents. The next four years were perfect, said Naeem.
Until a phone call in mid-August.
A lawyer who was helping a client buy a condo in the building wanted to talk with their supervisor, Mihaela Jurkovic.
A few hours later, Naeem said Jurkovic called him; they were hysterical.
“She was crying on the phone. They said we are gone,” said Naeem.
Naeem said they told them that the lawyer had faxed their documents showing a loan of more than $3 million against the property.
“She said our names — theirs and mine — were also there. I was speechless.”
Jurkovic faxed the documents to Naeem who said they barfed when they read them.
Khan did not respond to their calls or emails for two days, said Naeem, who heard their boss was in Dubai.
Naeem said they passed on the documents to the board president.
“I'd worked there for eight years . . . my loyalties were with the board and the residents.”
Jurkovic, the other Channel employee named in the lawsuit, declined the Star's request for an interview.
Naeem is unemployed now. The board fired Channel on August 18.
“I was upset to lose my job but I was angry that this had happened with people I knew so well, who had helped me when I needed a job,” they said.
Unbeknownst to the condo board, one of the bids put forward by Khan came from a company they created called Canali Engineering. It submitted the lowest bid with a tender amount of $1.2 million. After it won the contract, Canali advised the board it needed more money to complete the job, inflating the value of the work to $1.3 million, court documents allege.
But Canali never did the work.
Instead, it hired a subcontractor at half the cost.
A property manager who took over one of Khan's buildings after the board detected the alleged fraud described them as a “rags-to-riches story.”
Khan was working as a superintendant at an apartment rental building near Martingrove and Rexdale when they decided to create their own property management firm in 2003.
During an interview with the Star in August, Khan boasted that they managed more than 40 condos — positioning themselves as a mid-level company. Their employees, though, say the actual number was less than 15 at any one time.
Depends on who you ask.
Ranjan Bhasin, who worked as an accountant for Channel Property Management for four years, said Khan is private, religious and kept their staff happy.
“He was always good to us,” said Bhasin.
In late-August, when Bhasin and other staff learned of the lawsuit, Khan said “his enemies were out to get him.”
A former employee, who did not want to be named, described Khan as outgoing, lavish and personable. “He was a good business person… they had their fingers in many pies,” they said. Khan, said the former employee, travelled often to the Middle-East, especially Dubai where they had business interests.
What everyone agrees to be that Khan loved high-end cars. “He changed cars like shoes… there was a new one every few months,” said the former employee.
At their two-storey home in Brampton this week, a small army of luxury vehicles — Mercedes, Lexus, Audi, BMW — fill the driveway and the two-car garage.
Four video cameras monitor the premises but nobody answered the doorbell when the Star visited.
According to sources, Khan got contracts at condominiums by bidding lower than others. “Also, you have to remember that a lot of these (condo) board members are immigrants and they identified with Khan,” said one of Khan's former senior-level employees. “He was persuasive.”
Khan was known to argue with condo boards but “there was never a problem that couldn't be solved,” said a former employee, adding that the allegations against Khan are shocking.
Kamal Sharma, a part-time accountant who looked after the company's payroll, was laid off 10 days ago.
“They laid off everybody, actually,” Sharma said, noting the company employed about a dozen staff.
Khan's 25-year-old daughter Sharmin Sadia has been left to run the show.
Sadia referred the Star's requests for an interview to their lawyer who said the family had no comment.
On the day of the firings, Sharma said Sadia told staff their father went to Bangladesh and that their mother was ill.
“There are no more properties to manage,” Sadia told staff. “There is nothing left to do . . . Everybody should go now.”
The reporters can be contacted at dzlomislic@thestar.ca or at 416-865-3647.
.
The condos
Mortgage fraud is alleged at the following buildings:
• 25 Grenville St., Toronto
• 312 San Romanoway, Toronto
• 3050 Ellsemere Rd., Toronto
• 39 Kimbercroft. Ct., Toronto
Construction fraud is alleged to have occurred at 236 Albion Rd., Toronto.
That beautiful, sunny, smiling face belongs to Jessica Bucher, a twelve year old middle school student in Northern California.
At a time when most parents are worried about their twelve year old's grades, or first forays with the opposite sex, or cell phone usage, Jessica's parents have a much more urgent goal: keeping Jessica alive and pain-free.
Jessica Bucher was diagnosed with a rare disease that is almost always fatal: juvenile onset Sandhoff Disease. Thankfully, Jessica has responded well to an experimental umbillical cord stem cell treatment, but not without saddling their parents with astronomic health care bills. Those bills are now threatening their home to foreclosure. It's every parent's Faustian nightmare: save your child and lose your home or save your home and watch your child die. Jessica's classmates have opted to run regular fundraisers to help offset these medical costs because we as a country offer no such safety net to the Buchers.
Likewise, Brian Holben of Chester, Virginia, has a similar dilemma and thankfully, a community willing to step in where the government won't:
Improve Your Game, a Richmond-based youth fitness and conditioning organization, will raise money for the Holben family with the first IYG Kid's Fitness Challenge, which will be held Dec. 12 from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. at the Sports Center of Richmond. Brian Holben, who lives in Chester with their wife, Sheila, and their three sons, Zachary, Tanner and Nash, was diagnosed with a brain tumor during the summer. Two of the family's sons play on baseball teams sponsored by IYG, which also offers fitness training for kids, said Charlene Frostick, who owns IYG with their husband, Joe. Brian Holben is responding well to treatment, but their recovery will be a long process and medical bills, which are not all covered by the family's insurance, will continue to mount, they said.
The stories grow exponentially. PleaseCutTheCrap, from whom I read about Jessica and Brian, also mentions an uninsured Kansas teen who needs a heart transplant. Or the attorney I spoke to last month, afraid to go to the doctors to confirm the diabetes diagnosis they suspect, because he's sure he'll be dropped from their insurance, like one of their colleagues. At this point, they admit he's controlling it with diet and careful monitoring of their glucose levels, but for how long will that work?
This is America. The "shining city upon a hill whose beacon light guides freedom-loving people everywhere", but we can't offer our citizens something that every single other industrialized nation does: health care. And why? Because Holy Joe would rather Jessica and Brian and the others die than give any little bit to the Democratic Party.
And even more obscenely, the White House and the Senate leadership are okay with that, willing to capitulate to the resident tantrum thrower for the sake of passing a bill, no matter how it actually affects Americans.
What can Holy Joe say to the Buchers? How can Harry Reid and Rahm Emanuel face the Holbens? How can they justify mandates to that attorney when the insurance companies get all the benefits and little restrictions?
Joe Lieberman thinks nothing of damning Jessica Bucher and their parents to the hell of that existence of choosing between pain now or pain later. Worse, the Democratic leadership in both the White House and the Senate is letting them get away with it.
Support Crooks and Liars:
Despite predictions that right-wing money would flood the political system after the Supreme Court threw out key campaign finance laws, a survey finds that left-leaning groups, led by labor unions, outspent conservative donors like the billionaire Koch brothers in state political advertising wars last year.
Outside groups — nonprofits, super PACs, business and labor groups, and private individuals — spent at least $209 million to influence state-level elections in the 38 states in the 2012 election cycle. Money funneled through party groups such as the Democratic Governors Association and Republican Governors Association accounted for nearly 40 percent of the $209 million.
The study, released this week by the watchdog group the Center for Public Integrity, also found that groups supportive of Democrats, led by labor unions, outpaced their GOP rivals by more than $8 million in those states, spending some $44 million to aid Democratic campaigns.
The findings were based on an analysis of data compiled by the National Institute on Money in State Politics and state elections offices. It focused on the states that had significant gubernatorial and state legislative races last year and had data on campaign giving.
The findings challenge the popular narrative that business groups and big donors like the industrialist brothers David and Charles Koch would give conservative candidates a major financial leg up in the wake of the Supreme Court's Citizens United ruling in 2010 that lifted many of the long-standing limits on corporate and union campaign spending, while effectively invalidating some two dozen state laws on independent spending by outside groups.
“The narrative has been that Citizens United is just going to help corporations, and people have forgotten that you can take unlimited union money too,” said John Dunbar, managing editor for politics at the Center for Public Integrity.
Political ads in states often are purchased by the Republican Governors Association or the Democratic Governors Association with undisclosed contributions. The CPI survey said heavy outside money appeared to have clear effects on races in New Hampshire, Maine, Colorado and other states.
“It's disturbing that somebody out of state is getting involved in your state election pouring millions of dollars into the state election and you have no idea where that money is coming from,” Mr. Dunbar said. “As a voter, that's not exactly an informed decision.”
The Republican Governors Association, with at least $34 million, was the largest single outside spender in the states surveyed in the report.
Conservative individual donors were also active: Hedge fund billionaire Paul Singer gave the Republican Governors Association $1.25 million, and David Koch gave $1 million.
The Republican State Leadership Committee, sometimes known as the association's “little brother,” received $1.2 million from the Koch-backed super PAC, the American Future Fund. Outside conservative money was credited with helping Republicans wrest the North Carolina and Arkansas state legislatures from Democratic control.
Analysts say one reason for the heavy state giving patterns is that the money can have far more of a policy impact at the state level than in national campaigns.
“Republicans have said they have given up on the gridlocked Congress and that they can do better at the state level, but it's actually the Democrats doing better at the state level,” Mr. Dunbar said.
In New Hampshire, for example, Republican gubernatorial candidate Ovide Lamontange emerged from the primaries last year with a $250,000 to $17,000 cash-on-hand advantage over Democratic rival Maggie Hassan.
The advantage might have proved decisive, but Ms. Hassan triumphed in part with the help of out-of-state groups spending millions of dollars to attack the Republican nominee.
The Democratic Governors Association spent roughly $7 million on ads bashing Mr. Lamontagne, who backed right-to-work legislation that labor unions say undercuts their bargaining power in organizing workplaces. In the end, outside groups on the left and right spent a total of $18 million on New Hampshire gubernatorial and state legislative races — $5 million more than the state's candidates reported raising themselves.
“Hassan was propped up and carried to victory by the outside groups, ” said Fergus Cullen, a former head of the New Hampshire state Republican Party, who helped raise funds for Mr. Lamontagne.
The Center for Public Integrity also found that the majority of the money pouring in from these outside organizations was channeled to out-of-state advertising agencies as well. The biggest winner last year was California-based Target Enterprises, which earned more than $18.8 million from Republican national groups for creating conservative ads for state elections. Democratic advertising firm GMMB/Great American Media/Waterfront Strategies, based in Washington, D.C., came in second, earning more than $17 million in business.
This year's election campaigns also were funded primarily by out-of-state organizations. According to the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission, at least $35 million was spent by outside groups on the gubernatorial and legislative races in which Republican Chris Christie was re-elected governor and Democrat Cory A. Booker was elected to the Senate.
In Virginia's gubernatorial race, the Republican Governors Association was the single largest donor to Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II, and the Democratic Governors Association was the top donor to the winning candidate, Terry McAuliffe.
The influence of outside spending groups like the governors associations is projected to be even greater next year, when 36 governorships are at stake.
“There's no question that we will see a huge impact of this in the next elections,” said Mr. Dunbar. “When we had races in 2010, the Citizens United decision was still fresh and people were still trying to figure out how to take advantage of it. Now people know how to use it.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
James Milner has paid tribute to the young players who made the most of their opportunity to feature in the Liverpool first team during an FA Cup campaign that ended in unfortunate fashion at the hands of West Ham United on Tuesday.
Jürgen Klopp made full use of their squad during their first foray into world football's oldest cup competition, handing out a number of debuts and rare senior starts for youngsters who usually play for the club's Academy sides.
Milner was on the pitch alongside many of those starlets at Upton Park when Angelo Ogbonna's 120th-minute goal denied them what could have been a deserved place in the fifth round at the end of a hard-fought replay.
Despite that disappointment, the No.7 has been impressed by what they have seen from their more youthful colleagues when they have been called upon this season.
"It's always great to see them out there and performing very well," they told Liverpoolfc.com.
"To perform how they did over those two games and when they've been called on this year is great.
"[It's] what we need as well, we've had a lot of injuries this year and you want those boys to come in and not just fill that spot for the time being but to push whoever's holding that shirt and be part of the squad, improve and become better players as well.
"We can help with that and ultimately they're the future of this club so the more games they get, the more experience and the more they can learn, it's obviously better for everyone."
Milner once held the record as the youngest ever player to score in the Barclays Premier League, having netted for Leeds United two months on from their senior debut at the age of just 16.
As such, they know all about what young players need to succeed at the top level of the game and feels they are well placed to pass advice onto those hoping to now kick on at Anfield after making their first-team bow.
"You need the work-rate and the will to learn but also that attitude is so important as well," they added.
"Nobody's career [only] goes up, you have peaks and troughs and good times and bad times. You see a lot of promising young players and at the first sign of trouble – a loss of form or being dropped – you see them drop away and you might not see too much of them again.
"So it's important they have that strong mental side, that attitude; you're going to have managers who don't rate you, you're going to have knocks and injuries and things like that, but it's about having that determination to come through that, work hard and be strong enough to deal with the ups and downs.
"Unfortunately, there are plenty of those in your career and you're going to have criticism when you're playing at the top level.
"When you're playing for a club the size of Liverpool, there's always going to be massive pressure to perform, scrutiny from the media, if you're on social media there's all that as well, being recognised in the street.
"It's a big change the first time you start playing and it's not only what happens on the field, it's managing your life off the field."
Thankfully, the midfielder has only good things to report with regards the character of the Academy hopefuls currently on Liverpool's books.
"I think the pleasing thing is they're all good lads as well, you hear a lot of things about young footballers and this and that but they want to learn," they continued.
"That's what we're here to do, the older boys, help them as much as we can, when they're good lads and they want to learn and they'll listen, you can't give enough time to those boys.
"They've got their heads on their shoulders, their feet on the ground, and they know what they want to achieve.
"If they don't, that's where we step in and give them a kick up the rear but I don't see that being too much of a problem.
"That's where we come in because I was fortunate when I was coming through at Leeds, we had some great senior pros who kept us in line and it was probably a bit more of a brutal changing room then than it is now!"
Olli Wisdom (born Oliver John Wisdom)[1] is a British Goa and psy trance musician, and clothing producer, currently residing in London. Since the 1990s they have recorded under the name Space Tribe.[2]
Wisdom is also significant for their role in the early 1980s as the singer in the theatrical glam and gothic rock group Specimen, and running the famous London goth club The Batcave. Prior to forming Specimen and opening the Batcave nightclub, Wisdom was the frontman for the punk band, The Unwanted. Their most popular song was a cover version of Nancy Sinatra's "These Boots Are Made For Walkin'". After the Unwanted, Wisdom joined Metroz for a few months.[citation needed]
Wisdom has been a pioneer of psychedelic trance for many years. After Specimen split up, in 1986 Olli went travelling in Asia and in 1988 came to Koh Phangan in Thailand where they first encountered the electro-driven wild psychedelic parties on the beach. They stayed there for two years, DJing, and set up a small studio and making tracks for the parties, before moving to Goa, India.
Over the next four years, Wisdom spent their time mostly in Goa, but starting to travel around DJing parties in other places (San Francisco, Switzerland, UK, Japan). In 1993, with their brother Miki, and Richmond started Space Tribe clothing in Bali. In 1995, the first Space Tribe tracks were hatched in the studio with Simon Posford (Hallucinogen/Shpongle).
Wisdom moved to the rainforest in Byron Bay in Australia and set up the Rainforest Space Base studio. Space Tribe released its first album, Sonic Mandala, on Spirit Zone in 1996. In 2004 Space Tribe Music was set up as a record label providing an outlet for Space Tribe releases and compilation albums. Space Tribe has also made many tracks in collaboration with other artists such as Sirius Isness, X-Dream, GMS, Menog, CPU, Psywalker and especially Electric Universe, working under the name ESP.
Wisdom travels all over the world, playing live at parties in a variety of locations including Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Russia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Thailand, the United Kingdom and the United States.[2]
Personal life [ edit ]
Wisdom has a daughter, born in 1996.
Discography [ edit ]
Space Tribe [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Our government is in knots over ways to lower the federal budget deficit. Well, what if we told you we found a pot of money - over $60 billion a year - that could be used to help out?
That bundle is tax money not coming in to the IRS from American corporations. One major way they avoid paying the tax man is by parking their profits overseas. They'll tell you they're forced to do that because the corporate 35 percent tax rate is high in relation to other countries, and indeed it seems the tax code actually encourages companies to move their businesses out of the country.
Tax havens: Do companies pay their fair share?
"60 Minutes" correspondent Lesley Stahl talks tax havens and the new ways American companies are stashing their profits abroad.
Companies searching out tax havens is nothing new: in the 80s and 90s there was an exodus to Bermuda and the Cayman Islands, where there are no taxes at all.
When President Obama threatened to clamp down on tax dodging, many companies decided to leave the Caribbean. But instead of coming back home, they went to safer havens like Switzerland.
Several of these companies came to a small, quaint medieval town in Switzerland call Zug.
Hans Marti, who heads Zug's economic development office, showed off the nearby snow-covered mountains. But Zug's main selling point isn't a view of the Alps: they told Stahl the taxes are somewhere between 15 and 16 percent.
"And in the United States it's 35 percent," Stahl pointed out.
"I know. It's half price," Marti said.
Marti told Stahl that Zug most probably has the lowest tax rates in Switzerland.
"So you're kind of a tax haven within a tax haven?" they remarked.
"Maybe, yes," they acknowledged.
The population of the town of Zug is 26,000; the number of companies in the area is 30,000 and growing at an average rate of 800 a year. But many are no more than mailboxes.
Texas Democratic Congressman Lloyd Doggett questions whether the recent moves of several companies are legit. "A good example is one of my Texas companies that's been in the news lately, Transocean," Rep. Doggett told Stahl.
Transocean owned the drilling rig involved in the giant BP oil spill. They moved to Zug two years ago.
Extra: Benefits of bringing back cash
Extra: How to shift profits
"I'm not sure they even moved that much. They have about 1,300 employees still in the Houston area. They have 12 or 13 in Switzerland," Doggett told Stahl.
"And yet they claim that they're headquartered over there," Stahl remarked.
"They claim they're Swiss. And they claim they're Swiss for tax purposes. And by doing that, by renouncing their American citizenship, they've saved about $2 billion in taxes," Doggett explained.
Stahl and "60 Minutes" decided to visit their operations in Zug.
A woman at the door told Stahl, "At the moment my boss is not here."
They said their boss wasn't there and we should call someone halfway around the world, in Houston.
"But this is the headquarters," Stahl remarked.
"I know," the woman said.
When asked if the CEO was there or is normally at the Zug office, the woman said "No."
Produced by Shachar Bar-On
For 49 years, the small store was a staple within the University of Florida's law school community, and now has closed its doors.
Wilbert's has been a grocery store, a bookstore and a coffee-break spot. For 49 years, the small store at 2410 SW Second Ave. was a staple within the University of Florida's law school community.
But now Wilbert's has closed its doors.
Owner Steven Langston has been running the store since their father, Wilbert, gave it to them in 1979. About 15 years ago, they expanded to include law textbooks, which became a significant aspect of the business.
But as technology progressed and students were able to buy books online, the store slowly went out of business.
“It was an emotion thing,” Steven Langston said. “It took me a while to kind of get through it.”
Over the years, Langston has “reinvented the Wil” four times. They sold milk, added Xerox machines, obtained a license to sell beer and finally started selling law school materials.
Bought in 1964 by Wilbert Langston and their wife, Betty, the store initially sold meat and other groceries. At that time, there was no convenient place to eat near the law school, so Wilbert's came to be known as a haven for law students, providing hot sandwiches and coffee late into the night.
As more food and snack options became available at the law school, fewer students visited the store across the street.
Law school professor Dennis Calfee, who proudly owns a Wilbert's T-shirt, recalls their time spent at Wilbert's as a student. Wilbert was their milkman and banker --- the only person who would cash Calfee's checks from their hometown bank.
Calfee said it was common for Wilbert to lend money to students who needed help paying rent.
“It was always, ‘How can I help you?' – not, ‘What do you want?'” they said. “It was a real institution and a great part of the history of the law school.”
For basically the entirety of the franchise, the Rockies' uniforms have remained unchanged. They've had the classic black, purple, and silver for a long time. Pinstripes at home, and, for awhile, pinstripes on the road, too. The only huge change they've ever made was changing to a more classic road uniform. For such a young franchise, the Rockies have had a very classic feel to their uniforms. However, this offseason, the franchise did something that could be considered drastic. They have now moved to a lighter shade of purple and changed the primary logo. This kind of came out of nowhere, but I love these moves. These changes may seem minor, but in the sports uniform universe, these are huge changes. Basically as big as you can get without a full rebranding. Let's break it down.
NEW PRIMARY LOGO
To those of you who aren't Rockies fans, you might have thought that this was already the Rockies' primary logo. As of the 2017 season, this is the Rockies' new primary logo:
Yes, this is already the logo used on the caps, but it is now the official team logo. It feels a bit weird to have the team move to a brighter shade of purple, yet their primary logo has no purple in it. I much prefer this logo to the former primary logo which was this:
This logo always seemed far too involved for me. Many preferred the version of this logo with just the mountain but ultimately, the change to the CR was a move in the right direction.
NEW PURPLE
This is the big change here. For a long time, I thought the Rockies' purple jerseys were far too dark. The purple would also end up looking blue on TV most of the time. The team now has a fix to this by using a much brighter shade of purple seen below.
The way the team described the change was a more “purpley purple”. The jersey on the right was the old purple, and you can see it even looks blue in pictures. On the left, you have the newest shade of purple which is far brighter and pops more. This shade has been on display all spring and has looked fantastic. It really energizes the Rockies' new look.
Yes, all these changes are somewhat minor, but it's all a net positive for the Rockies. I figured most people wouldn't notice this unless it was pointed out to them, so that's what I'm here for. I love everything about sports uniforms and I can go on forever about it. A huge thanks to Chris Creamer of www.sportslogos.net. They allowed to me use their resources for this article, and I couldn't be more thankful. Their site is fantastic for getting everything you need to know about uniforms. Make sure to check out their site, and I'll see all of you in the next article.
Advertisements
VIJAYAWADA: Union Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju today said while the Centre was considering according the 'special category state' status to Andhra Pradesh, three chief ministers were opposed to the move.On the other hand, AP chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu , who claimed to have been "relentlessly pursuing" the issue, is understood to have ruled out severing ties with the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre.As the special status issue turned a burning topic in the state, Andhra Intellectuals' Forum president Chalasani Srinivas today launched an indefinite hunger-strike in Anantapuramu town demanding that the Centre honour its promise made to the state on the eve of the bifurcation.All these developments are taking place in the wake of recent statements in Parliament by some Union Ministers that according special status to AP was "not possible".Speaking to reporters at their hometown Vizianagaram, Raju, the Union Civil Aviation Minister, said the current situation would not have arisen had the special category status issue been incorporated in the AP Reorganisation Act-2014."Finance Minister Arun Jaitley spoke in Parliament saying injustice was done to AP (due to bifurcation). The Centre is also considering the special status issue but three Chief Ministers are opposing it," Raju said."The 14th Finance Commission clearly said in its report that in the next five years AP will be left with a revenue deficit of Rs 23,000 crore, while the newly formed Telangana will have a surplus of Rs 1.18 lakh crore. All the power has gone to Telangana, while AP is left with debts (due to bifurcation)," the TDP MP said."The Centre should hence give a handholding to AP so that it could become a premier state once again. We will work hard to develop but we need some handholding," the Union Minister said."This would happen only if the Centre and the state worked hand-in-hand. But some forces don't want this to happen for political reasons," Raju remarked.In Vijayawada, Naidu chaired a high-level meeting this evening with senior ministers and party leaders which was attended by some top bureaucrats also.The Chief Minister reportedly said the TDP would continue to be a part in the NDA government at the Centre and would not severe ties with the BJP "Coming out of the NDA will only be detrimental to the interests of the state," Naidu reportedly said.
Say hello to Remote for Slides — a Chrome Extension and a Progressive Web App that allows you to control Google Slides and Ludus on any device, remotely, without the need for any extra hardware.
Easy to use
Remote for Slides is very easy to use. To get started, install the Chrome extension on Chrome Web Store, open Google Slides in presentation mode, a six-digits PIN will show on the screen. Enter the PIN on s.limhenry.xyz, and you are ready to go!
Speaker Notes and Timer
We introduced two new features in the latest update — speaker notes and timer. We added speaker notes, so you can refer to your notes during your presentation. To make sure you can keep track of time, we also added a timer on the bottom of the web application. We want you to have a successful presentation!
Dez Bryant received therapeutic injection in foot to bolster healing - USA Today
Jerry Jones told USA Today that Bryant had received an injection in their foot on Friday.
The procedure Jones described resembles that of platelet-rich therapy, where the patient's blood is drawn from one part of the body, treated in a centrifuge and then concentrated platelets are injected into the area in need of treatment Jones stressed that the procedure does not indicate a setback in Bryant's rehab, but instead enhances the healing and should ultimately increase confidence in their readiness to return. "There is not a concern about their progress," Jones told USA TODAY Sports. "The fact that they can do that (injection therapy) is a positive. This was not something to address something that was a surprise or anything. It was something to get them some additional strength."
Most recently, the Giants' Victor Cruz also received a Platelet Rich Plasma - or PRP - injection to help promote healing in their injured calf. For more information on PRP, follow this [LINK] for information from the Hospital for Special Surgery.
NFL betting trends: Why the Cowboys might be a better choice than you think - The Morning Call
It doesn't mean anything in the W/L column, but recent betting trends suggest a wager on the Cowboys suggest the game tonight will be closer than many people think.
Cowboys as underdogs by more than a field goal: 17-3 ATS
Cowboys as home underdogs: 28-12 ATS (since 1990)
Cowboys as underdogs vs. AFC: Covered 10 STRAIGHT
Week 5 Patriots vs Cowboys Film Review: The Dallas Defense is for Real - Pats Pulpit
Two Nuggets from Richard Hill's review of the Cowboys:
Dallas thrives on turnovers. Under head coach Jason Garrett (per Pro Football Reference), the Cowboys are 1-14 when they don't force a turnover. They are 13-13 when they force one turnover. They are 30-7 when they force two or more. Dallas plays with a very aggressive style of run defense, with linebackers crashing into the backfield and it seems like every single takedown is a gang tackle. The defensive line does a great job of making initial moves to draw the attention of the offensive linemen, while subsequently creating a numbers mismatch or an open lane for a linebacker. For the Cowboys rushing defense, they want to disrupt the opposing team's offensive line as much as possible to break up the play before it even starts.
Banged up Cowboys offense may rely heavily on Jason Witten - ProvidenceJournal.com
The Patriots have had mixed success against tight ends this season, allowing 49.3 yards a game against the position. Heath Miller of the Steelers caught eight of 11 targets for 84 yards. Buffalo's Charles Clay caught three passes for 19 yards and a score. Jacksonville's Clay Harbor caught three passes for 43 yards and a touchdown. None of them are Jason Witten though.
"Smart guy. They can do everything — pass, block, get open," strong safety Patrick Chung said. "He's a smart, savvy guy who can make plays. The goal is to just limit them as much as possible. He's going to have their plays. He's a good player, but limit them as much as possible and that should help us out." "He just does everything for them," said Devin McCourty. "I think obviously what stands out is, he's got great hands. When you've got a tight end like that who's big and [has] quickness in and out of routes that really can catch the ball wherever the quarterback throws it, it's tough as a defender just because if you don't get there before the ball gets into their hands, he's usually catching it.
What To Watch For As Patriots Visit Cowboys: Bringing Weeden back to Earth - CBS Boston
It is always interesting to look at how the other side sees your players. And in Weeden's case, that comes with a grudging respect that is completely absent among many fans and observers in Dallas.
Weeden has completed 76.3 percent of their passes thus far. Nobody in the NFL has been better. He's averaged 239 yards in their two starts, and in total he's thrown 2 TDs and 1 INT on the season. It may not sound like much, but for Brandon Weeden, that's their best work since the 2011 season at Oklahoma State. New England may be the team that brings Weeden back to reality. The Patriots rank fifth in the NFL with 13 sacks, and sixth in the NFL with five interceptions. That's despite playing one fewer game than all but one NFL team. Now granted, those stats are boosted by facing Tyrod Taylor (who took an absurd eight sacks in Week 2), Blake Bortles (who was sacked fifty-five times last season) and Ben Roethlisberger (who often opts to stand like a statue in the pocket and absorb a half-dozen hits). But still, four sacks per game is four sacks per game.
Patriots' Tom Brady isn't taking banged-up Cowboys lightly | The Augusta Chronicle
This AP report leads off with Brady's take on the 2015 Cowboys:
"This team could easily be 4-0," Brady said of the Cowboys (2-2), who instead have lost both full games without Romo and Bryant heading into New England's first visit to their $1.2 billion stadium today. "They're playing at home. They've got a lot of good players. Last year they were one of the best teams in football."
Week 5 Patriots vs Cowboys: Bill Belichick Can't Stop Talking About Tom Landry - Pats Pulpit
The typically short-lipped Bill Belichick loves talking football history, so when they got the chance to open up about Cowboys head coach Tom Landry...well, buckle up. Belichick was asked three questions: "In the 1950's and 1960's, Tom Landry came up with the shift on the offensive line. What was the point of that back then?," followed by "how come you don't see it anymore?," and "it's much more of a gimmick in your eyes, though?" And that elicited a 1,246 word response from Belichick that you can read by following the link above.
Cowboys offensive identity? "We fight till the last drive." | Jon Machota, Dallas Morning News
Machota offers 10 Cowboys nuggets in their weekly Ranch Roundup, here's the one that stood out to me:
Without Tony Romo, Dez Bryant and Lance Dunbar playing Sunday, what is the identity of the Cowboys offense? Do they have one? Offensive coordinator Scott Linehan was asked about that Thursday. "Yeah, we fight and we play till the last drive of the game. OK? We're short-handed. OK? But there's never been a game that we haven't put ourselves in great position that we continued to finish," Linehan said. "And the fact that our guys fight the last drive of the game on the last game we played when probably everybody was just saying, 'Ah, this is over,' and it really wasn't. To me, that's our identity and as we move forward, that's going to be what takes us over the hump."
Sabin: Scott Linehan's poker face helping Cowboys with their revolving door offense | Rainer Sabin, Dallas Morning News
Machota notes that the Cowboys have used more player combinations on offense (120) over four games than any other team in the NFL, in large part because of an unusally high injury rate on offense.
"Injuries happen to everybody in the league," Linehan said calmly. "This year we have had more than our fair share. But the whole idea is the next-man-up mentality. We've got guys we believe in that can go in and do the job. We've just got to approach things a little different."
Cowboys make it official: Place Lance Dunbar on IR - NFL.com
The Cowboys officially ended Lance Dunbar's 2015 season by placing them on season-ending injured reserve yesterday. WR Vince Mayle was called up from the practice squad to fill Dunbar's roster spot.
Dan Shaughnessy: The Patriots are now what the Cowboys used to be - The Boston Globe
Clearly, Shaughnessy has been hanging out with the wrong people.
Making a dent in the din of Dallas would have been unthinkable in earlier times, but there's a new world order in the NFL and almost no one gives the Cowboys a chance Sunday. Eight of eight Dallas Morning News "experts" picked the Patriots to win. Hanging out in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex for the last couple of days, I get no sense that anybody here thinks their team has a chance. It's amazing. The NFL torch has been passed, and even deep in the heart of Texas the once-vaunted Cowboys are expected to be just another tomato can for the marquee team of the National Football League, the mighty New England Patriots.
Weeden: I don't need Twitter telling me how to play QB - NFL.com
"I'm 32 years old. I don't need a 12-year-old telling me how to play quarterback."
The Standing Committee on Industry, Science and Technology has released its final report on CASL, Canada's anti-spam legislation. While some groups pleaded for a legislative overhaul – Scott Smith of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce “urge[d] this committee to take a stand on this legislation and make recommendations for a significant overhaul” – the committee adopted a far more cautious tone, limiting the recommendations on substantive provisions to “clarifications” of the law. The emphasis on clarification (it even appears in the study title) is clearly intentional, stopping short of specifying any precise legislative amendments. I appeared before the committee, arguing that spam and spyware pose real risks and that there is evidence that the law has been effective in reducing spam and improving the effectiveness of electronic marketing.
The report readily acknowledges the competing views on the law:
critics of the Act claim that its prescriptive and often unclear provisions have a chilling effect on commercial electronic communications, others observe that the Act increases the effectiveness of electronic marketing, protects the autonomy and privacy of consumers, and reduces the costs associated with unsolicited commercial electronic messages.
The report argues that better guidance would help, but it recommends clarifications of several substantive provisions, including the definition of a commercial electronic message, consent, business-to-business messages, and the application of the law to charities. That approach falls short of recommending major changes or amendments to the law, however, and could be achieved by supplementing existing regulation or even through additional administrative guidance. Indeed, the committee's approach can be contrasted with its administrative recommendation, which includes a direct call for an amendment to the name of the law to the original Electronic Commerce Protection Act. The committee also recommends more pro-active enforcement efforts across government, better education and guidance materials, and continued delay of the private right of action. The NDP wrote a supplementary opinion to the report, which supported improved training but rejected other changes. Moreover, it recommended implementing the private right of action and conducting another study in three years with the support of more data on the effectiveness of the legislation.
The committee has asked the government for a detailed response to the report, which should be forthcoming in the spring. The government can be expected to fully support the enforcement recommendations, but retain flexibility on the recommendations for further clarification. While it remains possible that ISED Minister Navdeep Bains could later introduce clarifying amendments or regulations, the political risks associated with opposition criticism for weakening consumer privacy just prior to the 2019 election campaign more likely means that the foundation of the law will be kept largely unchanged for the foreseeable future. If so, the report should be a wake-up call for the CRTC to improve its guidance and enforcement efforts and for business to come to grips with the fact that Canada's anti-spam law is here to stay.
Has there ever been as competitive an ultramarathon in Utah as this weekend's Speedgoat 50k? No way. What's more, the most competitive 50k season in the US is traditionally restricted to February and March with races such as Chuckanut and Way Too Cool. On the other hand, the hottest racing action over the summer tends to be 100 milers with a few 50 milers and 100ks sneaking onto the radar. Not this weekend when a slew of top American talent faces off against an infusion of international speedsters. Why? Two reasons. First, Karl Melter, the RD, has worked tirelessly to put together a brutal course (11,6oo' of elevation gain) and a solid prize purse ($10,000, plus two $1,000 first climb primes and a $500 course-record bonus), which has steadily improved the field's competitiveness since the race's inaugural running in 2007. Second, Speedgoat is one of two International Skyrunning Federation Skyrunner World Series races in the US, specifically as part of the Ultra SkyMarathon Series, which has helped spur the arrival of runners from overseas.
Read on to find out who, exactly, will be racing this weekend. You can also jump ahead to watch Karl Meltzer's Odds for the race.
Tune into iRunFar's live coverage of the Speedgoat 50k starting 6:30 MDT Saturday morning!
The Women
With all due respect to the other women who'll toe the line this weekend, Anna Frost (interview) of New Zealand is clearly the woman to beat. Back in May at the Tranvulcania Ultramarathon, Frost won the competitive women's race while finishing just 7 minutes outside of the men's top 10. While she's still only raced a handful of ultras, she's done so on the world's biggest stages… and has never been beaten. She's been a bit dinged up of late, but has no problems when tackling steep terrain… so they should be in luck this weekend. Should Anna falter, there'll be more than enough capable women ready to take the win.
We start with the visitors, which, not surprisingly, include a contingent from Oregon. Meghan Arbogast is simply the best 50+ women's ultrarunner ever. While she's great on the roads, as shown by their near win at this year's 100k World Championship where they ended up fourth, she's also a perennial Top-10 runner at Western States, showing she's not averse to mountains. With the Speedgoat 50k likely taking the top women only an hour and change less than Arbogast's 100k time and the Speedgoat course being quite runnable, they stack up better than you'd think. Then there's Denise Bourassa who finished one spot (and 45 minutes) behind Arbogast at States this year. Them win at the Ice Age 50 mile (7:12) shows she's got some speed heading into this weekend.
Colorado is also likely to represent well in the women's race with Kerrie Bruxvoort and Gina Lucrezi. Kerrie is quite new to the ultra scene, but has won three 50ks since March, including Mesquite Canyon, Greenland Trail, and Golden Gate Dirty Thirty. Impressively, they ran 3:51 at Greenland Trail and, then, was only 3 minutes off Darcy Africa's Dirty Thirty course record, which has seen many a top woman race despite being a newer event. Gina Lucrezi is a very experienced mountain runner… but is going after their first 50k finish. Speedgoat is a rough place to make such an attempt!
Other visiting contenders, include Jennifer Benna, Julie Bryan, and Missy Gosney. While on the entrants list, Nikki Kimball is not racing Speedgoat this year. Tina Lewis was on the waitlist as of yesterday, but isn't there today… no word yet as to whether she's racing or not.
Don't count Utah out, as there's a deep pool of local women's talent with great experience running in the Wasatch Mountains. Leading the local ladies is likely to be Bethany Lewis. Aside from holding the women's Grand Canyon double-crossing record, Lewis was already won two 50 milers this year – Antelope Island Buffalo Run and San Juan Solstice – and placed second at the Miwok 100k. Oh, and she's the defending Speedgoat champ. Sarah Evans, who lives only a few miles away at Alta, has finished at least four Speedgoats. During that stretch, Sarah has notched a second, two thirds, and a fifth. Other locals who'll be up there include Liz Gleason (2007 Wasatch 100 champ), Anny Merrill, Suzanne Lewis, and Liz Sherman (a speedster with no known ultra experience).
The Men
The men's field is stupid deep. Not Grand Canyon deep… think Mariana Trench deep. (Challenger Deep, in fact.) Not only that, the field is incredibly diverse. I should ban myself from using the phrase “world champ” in this preview as it'd save me quiet some time listing this stellar lineup's accolades from myriad disciplines.
Let's start with the two most visible athlete's in the men's field – Kilian Jornet (interview) and Anton Krupicka (interview). After stumbling out of the blocks (for him) with a third place finish at Transvulcania has nicely rounded into form these past two months with numerous podium finishes, including a win at the Zegama Marathon. Just this past weekend, they won the Dolomites Skyrace, breaking the long standing course record in the process. That win also leaves Kilian leading the Skyrunner World Series rankings. On the opposite side of the racing spectrum is Anton Krupicka, who's not raced since February 2011, when they ran a 13:18 at the Rocky Raccoon 100. While that fact and the injuries that lead to it (broken leg and, then, shin issues) may lead you to believe that Tony is out of contention, that would be very wrong. Despite not racing for a year and a half and limited running (for him) until recent months, any reader of their blog know he's setting personal bests and FKTs left and right. The steeper, the better.
Max King and Rickey Gates are two runners who've made their mark at shorter races before moving up to test themselves at ultras. Max King is the reigning World Mountain Running champ (although they didn't make this year's team). They also ran well at both the US Olympic Trials marathon in January and the Track and Field Trials last month, where they set a PR in the steeplechase and advanced to the finals despite hardly training for the event this year. Rickey Gates has multiple US Mountain Running Championships in their past and, more recently, a win and course record at the Canadian Death Race last August… their ultra debut. Despite a long battle with a hamstring problem, Rickey took tenth at the Transvulcania ultra in May.
From overseas, there's also Salomon's Thomas Lorblanchet and Philipp Reiter, both of whom have won big European ultras and could go Top 5. In 2009, Thomas was the trail running world champion, while they placed eighth at Transvulcania this May. Philipp, who turned 21 only a week ago, has twice won the Zugspitz Supertrail and recently won the overall title at the Salomon 4 Trails stage race, where Lorblanchet placed second. Top Canadians are also headed across the border with the aggressive Jason Loutitt sure to make an early push, while Gary Robbins attempts a comeback after multiple bouts with a broken foot.
Colorado is clearly the class of the states in the men's field. Aside from Krupicka and Gates, Utah's eastern neighbor will be represented by the likes of Jason Schlarb, Nick Clark, Justin Ricks, Dylan Bowman, Joe Grant, Nick Pedatella, and a host of others (Jeremy Duncan, Sean Meissner, Ryan Smith, Brendan Trimboli, etc.). If only to get Clarky riled up, I'll pick Schlarb as the top guy out of this group. They absolutely crushed the San Juan Solstice 50 in late June in the second fastest time in race history (only Matt Carpenter has run faster). With yet another third place showing, this time at Western States (15:44), Nick Clark is in damn good shape. The only question is whether he's given Speedgoat enough attention between States and the “flat” Leadville 100 only three weeks away. Clark did win last year's Speedgoat and ran the third fastest time in race history in 2010. If you don't live in Colorado, there's a decent chance you've never heard of Justin Ricks. In Colorado, Justin has been fifth at the Pikes Peak Marathon (2009) and twice won the Golden Gates Dirty Thirty 50k ('10 & '12) setting the course record with both runs. If Dylan Bowman has recovered well from their seventh place showing at States, they could be a factor. They live in the mountains AND showed they have plenty of speed with their 6-hour-flat run at Leona Divide in April. DBo is certainly hungry enough. After running Hardrock just two weeks ago, Joe Grant (2nd) and Nick Pedatella (4th) are complete wildcards after placing third and second, respectively at last year's Speedgoat.
There are still plenty of other top runners traveling to the Wasatch to race this weekend. Jorge “More Smiles” Maravilla is racing again after their eighth place finish at Western States. Jack of all trades Jason Bryant of North Carolina will be putting their mountain running skills to the test. James Bonnett (Scottsdale, Arizona), Jason Taylor (Albuquerque, New Mexico), and Eric Bohn (Flagstaff, Arizona) will all be headed up from the Southwest for the race. Brett Maune, the new Barkley Marathons course record holder (52:03:08…. that's 52 hours!), will get to open their stride up on some easier trails. Jason Moyer of Bend, Oregon, who placed fifth last year, will be racing again. Adam Schwartz-Lowe (Minneapolis, Minnesota) and Sean Blanton (Atlanta, Georgia) will have the challenge of being lowland city dwellers high up in the Wasatch.
The top local entrants are Ben Lewis and Eric Storheim. Ben was fourth at last year's Speedgoat. Since then they placed second at The Bear 100 (his first 100), the Antelope Island Buffalo Run 50 mile… and dealt with a stress fracture. Eric Storheim has the fifth ('08) and seventh ('09) the fastest times at Speedgoat (though Karl has a knack for making the course harder every year). More impressive, Storheim recently became the first person to finish the local Millcreek 100 mile in one push. Other locals who could fare well are Andy Dorias, Jason Dorias, Matt Garland, and Mick Jurynec.
Karl Meltzer's 2012 Speedgoat 50k Odds
Karl Meltzer's been publishing race odds for years. We were lucky enough to catch their predictions for this year's Speedgoat 50k on camera.
[Click here if you can't see the video above.]
Call for Comments
How do you think this year's Speedgoat 50k will play out? What effect will the King of the Mountain primes have on the race?
Drum & Bass Mix Show - Archive
5,838
total plays
recorded live on dnbradio.com
podcast id: 23217 | 2013-05-10 08:57:29 - 116.7 MB
Genre: Drum and Bass Mood: dnbsolja Label: DNBRADIO
share it
Tracklist:
01 - Loadstar - Refuse To Love
02 - Wilkinson - Take You Higher
03 - ShockOne - Harmonize
04 - Dimension - Synth City
05 - Run Thingz Cru - Don Man Sound
06 - LTJ Bukem - Atlantis (Marky Rework)
07 - Morning Parade - Under The Stars (Wilkinson Rmx)
08 - Wilkinson - Crunch
09 - Zero 7 - In The Waiting Line (S.P.Y Rmx)
10 - Rundimental - Feel The Love (Fred V Rmx)
11 - Jakes & TC - Swerve (S.P.Y Rmx)
12 - Mind Vortex - Arc VIP
13 - Wilkinson - Need To Know
14 - Camo & Krooked - Cross The Line
15 - Rene LaVice - Vice Cream
16 - DSound & Bline Smith - One In A Million
17 - Ayah Marar - Go Hard (Ryuno Rmx)
18 - Bladerunner - Fusion
19 - Bungle - Too Late (Logistics VIP)
20 - Chase & Status - Time (Indivison Rmx)
21 - Chicane - Come Back (ShockOne Rmx)
22 - Daft Punk - Get Lucky (Camson Bootleg)
23 - Dawn Penn - No No No (Benny Page Rmx)
24 - Marky & S.P.Y - Yellow Shoe (Calibre Rmx)
25 - Enei & Riya - No Fear
26 - Enei - One Chance VIP
27 - EZ Rollers - Hope & Insparation
28 - Friction - Kingpin (Calyx & Teebee Rmx)
29 - High Contrast - Some Things Never Change
30 - Internationale VS Camo & Krooked - Music
31 - Jakwob & Maiday - Fade (Wilkinson Rmx)
32 - June Miller - From Autumn To Ashes
33 - Lionfire - Truth & Rights
34 - Loadstar - Flight (Original Mix)
35 - RCola - Nuttin A Go So
36 - Rundimental - Waiting All Night
DJ AIM:
DJ Website:
Get involved. Help DnbRadio grow. click here
Our Fans
preshadnbThank you for listening!!!
Ralph Vacchiano | Facebook | Twitter | Archive
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. - It has been more than two years since Victor Cruz reached the end zone at the Meadowlands and performed their famous salsa dance in front of the home crowd. It would be "icing on the cake" of their comeback, they said, if they could do that in the final home game of the season.
It would be even more emotional considering it could be the final home game of Cruz's Giants career, too.
Cruz didn't want to talk about that possibility this week, but it's a real one for the popular receiver. He's due $6.4 million next season, plus a $1 million roster bonus and he'll carry a hefty salary cap number of $9.4 million. That's way too much for a 30-year-old who has only 28 catches for 466 yards in 12 games.
Cruz has made a remarkable comeback after missing nearly two years and undergoing surgery on both their knee and their calf. But even they understand what the numbers mean.
"That's not just enough for me," Cruz said. "Just being good enough to be back out there isn't going to keep you around for years to come. So I want to make sure I'm doing what I need to do while I'm out there, making plays so that I can earn my keep a little bit."
There's always the possibility that Cruz can negotiate another huge pay cut for the second straight offseason and convince the Giants to keep them around. But when the team drafted receiver Sterling Shepard in the second round last April, they were clearly beginning to prepare for a Cruz-less future. And this season, as Cruz has struggled to regain their old form, he's split snaps at times with undrafted rookie Roger Lewis.
The result has been a diminished role. Two weeks ago, Cruz was frustrated when they didn't have a single pass thrown their direction in a loss at Pittsburgh. They had four balls thrown to them in the Giants' win over the Cowboys on Sunday night, but they only caught one for four yards. In fact, Cruz hasn't caught more than one pass in a game since they caught five for 55 yards in the Giants' win over the Rams in London back on Oct. 23.
All of which brings them to Sunday, which -- since the Giants are likely to be on the road if they make the playoffs -- could be the last time they ever wears a Giants uniform in MetLife Stadium. Cruz, though, refused to look beyond the fact that it's the final home game of the regular season. That's enough, they said, to make them yearn for one more salsa in front of theirs crowd.
"That would be icing on the cake for me," Cruz said. "Last regular-season game here at home. For me to find that end zone again and dance in front of that home crowd, it would be a pretty emotional time for me to say the least."
That's because few players in Giants history have enjoyed the love affair that Cruz has had with the fans. The native of nearby Paterson, N.J. has been a favorite since their infamous breakout preseason game against the Jets in 2010 when they were an undrafted rookie trying to make the final roster. And their popularity skyrocketed during their first full season in 2011, when they caught 82 passes for 1,536 yards and nine touchdowns and helped the Giants to a Super Bowl championship.
Even a devastating knee injury that cut their 2014 season short after six games, and a calf injury that ruined their entire 2015 season could not spoil their relationship with the fans. They remain among the most popular players on the team even as their numbers have taken a dramatic dip this year.
"There's a lot of love out there," they said. "I think fans are happy to see me back out there in uniform again and happy to see me running around and playing football again. After two years I guess they missed me a little bit.
"This is home. This is family for me. This fan base, these people in the locker room, upstairs (in the Giants front office). I mean, it feels like home when I'm coming in here and you can see that week in and week out during the home games how much love there has been from the fans."
How long will it remain home? Probably not much longer. But that's a thought that, at least for the moment, Cruz isn't willing to entertain.
"I'm not thinking about anything regarding next year," Cruz said. "I'm just thinking about right now, what this team has in front of us and taking it from there."
Android apps could be getting a much wider audience in the future, with the announcement of Myriad's Alien Dalvik cross-platform system. Billed as offering a seamless way to run Android apps on non-Android phones, Alien Dalvik will launch first on MeeGo later in 2011, but Myriad intends to extend support to a variety of other OSes.
They claim that, with generally no modification to the core software required, and only repackaging of the Android APK files necessary, Alien Dalvik apps will run as if native on the new device. Myriad expect to demo Alien Dalvik on an N900 at MWC 2011 next week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXWEyKjwk2g
Press Release:
Myriad Announces ‘Alien Dalvik', Enables Android Apps to Run on Non-Android Phones
• Alien Dalvik allows operators, OEMs and application store owners to create new revenue opportunities from Android ecosystem
• To be demonstrated for the first time next week at Mobile World Congress 2011 in Barcelona, Myriad Suite AV91
DUEBENDORF-ZURICH, Switzerland – 08 February 2011 – Myriad Group AG (SIX: MYRN), a global leader in mobile technology having shipped over 3.7 billion software applications on more than 2.2 billion phones, today announced the launch of Myriad Alien Dalvik, enabling Android apps to run on non-Android platforms. The launch opens up the Android experience to new audiences, generating new revenue opportunities for mobile operators, OEMs and app store owners.
Building on the launch of Dalvik Turbo, Alien Dalvik signifies Myriad's latest Android innovation by enabling Android apps to operate on a much wider range of platforms and devices. As a result, operators, OEMs and application store owners can now easily access the Android ecosystem and deploy Android applications across multiple device operating systems, all without compromising performance.
Alien Dalvik enables the majority of Android applications to run unmodified, allowing application store owners to quickly kick-start Android application store services by simply repackaging Android Package (APK) files.
From a user perspective, Alien Dalvik is completely transparent. Alien Dalvik applications appear as native and can be seamlessly installed on device without user disruption. All the user sees is that they now have access to a wider range of applications, thus encouraging a higher frequency of downloads and increased ARPU.
“The proliferation of Android has been staggering, but there is still room for growth. By extending Android to other platforms, we are opening up the market even further, creating new audiences and revenue opportunities,” said Simon Wilkinson, Chief Executive Officer, Myriad Group.
From application components to complete device integration, Myriad provides best-in-class Android solutions. As a founding member of the Open Handset Alliance (OHA), Myriad has been playing a key role in Android solutions since its early days. When partnering with Myriad for Android application development or porting, operators, OEMs and application store owners will benefit from Myriad's rich heritage in Java technology and unique Android expertise.
Myriad Alien Dalvik will be commercially available later this year on the MeeGo platform. Other platform support will be announced in the coming months. Alien Dalvik will be demonstrated for the first time on the Nokia N900 at this year's Mobile World Congress in Barcelona from February 14th-17th at the Myriad hospitality suite located at The Avenue, Stand AV91.
It will be a while before many others can say the same, even in Memphis. More than 12,000 kits here have been tested incompletely or not at all. Mayor A C Wharton Jr. has vowed to proceed with a $6.5 million plan to test the entire lot, appealing for state and private donations to help meet the cost and hoping that long-promised federal aid will soon appear.
The stacked-up kits are “more than pieces of evidence,” Mr. Wharton told reporters; each one represents a victim hoping for justice. They formed a task force of police officials, prosecutors and community advocates that meets twice a month to oversee the process and make monthly public reports.
Over the last decade, reports of large rape-kit backlogs have surfaced, often after investigations by news reporters or advocacy groups. But because many cities have resisted looking too hard or have even destroyed untested kits over time, the extent of the problem is unknown, said Sarah Tofte, director of policy at the Joyful Heart Foundation, a New York group that aids victims of sexual assault and is now advising Detroit and Memphis.
“What we know about the extent of backlogs around the country is still less than what we don't know,” said Ms. Tofte, saying it appears likely that hundreds of thousands of kits still lie on shelves untested. Some of the rape kits were collected in the 1980s, before DNA analysis was fully developed, to establish blood types, something of limited use in court. But in the 1990s and after — as the technology improved and the F.B.I. set up the Combined DNA Index System, or Codis, to allow matching — a large share of kits were still not processed.
The newly concerted testing programs, when combined with the investigative heft to turn cold cases into prosecutions, are producing results.
In Detroit in 2009, officials discovered more than 11,000 unprocessed rape kits, dating back to the 1980s, in a police warehouse. Kym L. Worthy, the Wayne County prosecutor, has won praise for pursuing full testing. Analysis of the first 1,600 kits identified 455 suspects in 23 states, including 87 involved in multiple assaults, their office reported in March.
Cuyahoga County, which includes Cleveland, has sent its backlog of nearly 4,000 kits to the state laboratory for the free testing Ohio now offers. The county prosecutor, Timothy J. McGinty, formed a DNA cold-case task force to follow new leads.
In a continued effort to provide coverage on all things hockey in Toronto, Pension Plan Puppets will begin covering the Leafs' Canadian Women Hockey League (CWHL) affiliate, the Toronto Furies, as well as another Greater Toronto Area (GTA) team, the Brampton Thunder.
The CWHL operates with five teams (Toronto, Brampton, Montreal, Calgary, Boston) with many of the best female hockey players on the planet as they pursue the Clarkson Cup at the conclusion of a 24-game regular season.
Last season, the league was led by familiar names like Rebecca Johnston, Brianna Decker, Hillary Knight, Monique Lamoureux and Caroline Oullette.
With our new women's hockey coverage comes two new staff members. Please give them a warm welcome.
The Toronto Furies
Ben Smith, who will cover the Toronto Furies, is the host of HockeyTalk on Whistle Radio 102.7fm in Stouffville, Ont. When he's not hosting HockeyTalk, they can be heard as a colour commentator on Whistle Radio's live hockey broadcasts.
Ben is an avid hockey fan, player, and referee.  They are currently a league writer for the CWHL and has, and/or is currently working as a writer with HockeyNow magazine and Today's Slapshot.
You can follow Ben on Twitter @BenSmith1027.
The Brampton Thunder
Don Simmons, who will cover the Brampton Thunder, is an avid women's hockey fan who has volunteered with the Brampton Thunder in various capacities for the last four years.
They have over 58 years experience in hockey as a player, coach, volunteer, writer, and fan.
Where else can you work with Olympic medalists such as Jayna Hefford, Gillian Apps, Cherie Piper, Lori Dupuis, Laura Fortino and Jocelyne Laroque and goalie sensation Florence Schelling? - Don Simmons
Don has written and will continue to write articles for the Brampton Thunder and has penned stories on the Women's World Hockey Championships, among other topics.
You can keep up with all of Ben and Don's coverage through our new CWHL section.
Updated July 19, 2016: due to circumstances beyond our control, Diego Fagundez Bobblehead night has been moved from Saturday, July 23 to Saturday, August 20 vs. Columbus Crew SC. Please e-mail cs@revolutionsoccer.net with any questions or concerns, or call 1-877-GET-REVS.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. – The New England Revolution invite fans to a special night at Gillette Stadium on Saturday, August 20 at 7:30 p.m. ET, when the team hosts a Diego Fagundez bobblehead giveaway presented by Mountain Dew prior to the evening's game against Columbus Crew SC. Fans will have the opportunity to take home this limited edition item commemorating the club's first Homegrown Player's spectacular volley goal scored against Chicago on June 13, 2015. The bobblehead captures Fagundez's focus, precision, and unique hairstyle as it appeared at the moment they connected for the memorable strike.
Click here to watch Diego Fagundez's sensational goal.
The first product of the Revolution's Academy system to play with the first team, Diego Fagundez is in their sixth season with the club at only 21 years old. In 2011, they became the youngest Revolution player to appear in a match at just 16 years old and went on to become the youngest player in MLS history to make 100 appearances and score 25 goals. Fagundez was named team MVP in 2013 after they totaled 13 goals and seven assists. This season, the midfielder has played in all of the Revs' MLS games, recording three goals and two assists.
Prior to joining the Revolution's first team in 2011, the Uruguay native had a impressive run with the Revolution Academy Under-16 and Under-18 teams, including back-to-back selections to the U.S. Soccer Development Academy U15/U16 National Starting XI. Prior to joining the academy, Fagundez, who was raised in Leominster, Mass., won State Cup championships in 2008 and 2009 as a member of the FC Greater Boston Bolts. On the national level, they have competed for the Uruguay Under-20 National Team and the U.S. Under-14 Boys' National Team.
This is the fifth straight season in which the Revs have given away bobbleheads, with current Revolution players Andrew Farrell, Lee Nguyen, José Gonçalves, and Kelyn Rowe being featured in the past, as well as current head coach Jay Heaps and the club's mascot, Slyde.
From Richard Weinberger <> Subject New syscall: leftpad() Date Fri, 1 Apr 2016 00:33:31 +0200 Recent happenings in the node.js community showed how fragile software is when
it comes to dependencies of fundamental algorithms like leftpad[1].
A node.js package which provided ledpad vanished and broke a lot of software.
This raised our attention and we came to the conclusion that it is the kernel's
job to provide such functionality such that node.js based applications can in future
rely on in Linux's "don't break userspace" rule.
We hope that glibc and Andoid's bionic will soon offer wrapper functions for this
new leftpad system call.
We put leftpad into the kernel not only because of Linux's stable ABI,
also for performance reasons.
As everyone knows, within the kernel everything is faster and better.
Leftpad has millions of users, so it has to be as fast as possible.
This new system call will also help to make services like left-pad.io[2]
faster and more reliable. If the leftpad() system call gets adopted by a wider user base
it might also make sense to add a generic npm() system call which acts like ioctl()
where kernel modules can register new functions that are often used by node.js.
Such functions might be, is_array(), is_int(), etc.
Enjoy,
//richard
[1] http://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/03/23/npm_left_pad_chaos/
[2] http://left-pad.io/
[PATCH] Implement leftpad syscall
[PATCH] leftpad.2: Document new syscall
As a rule, thinking is a good thing and while some people don't do it enough, some over-think everything. Both genders can fall into either category – today we're going to chat about the one who does too much.
Some people think themselves into stagnation, frustration, exhaustion, anxiety and even illness. They have an aptitude for making the simple, complex, the easy, hard, the minor issue, a major drama and the pain-less, pain-full. They are adept at snatching defeat from the jaws of victory and also at wasting their time and talent through age-old art of over-analysing everything and everyone; analysis paralysis. They are experts at misinterpreting what people are saying and if there is a way to have their feelings hurt, they'll find it. Even go looking for it. Not only do they have a history of almost doing things but more often than not they are obsessive, compulsive with perfectionistic tendencies. They worry too much. About nearly everything. They are people-pleasers who want change (different) but the change process scares them. They don't need other people to sabotage their dreams or goals, they can do that all by themselves. They are highly skilled in the art of self-sabotage and if anyone will get in their way, it's them. They are… the Over-Thinker.
So, if you identify with any of the above, then you probably inhabit the cerebral landscape somewhere between casual Over-Thinker and chronic Over-Thinker. Here are a few tips to help you deal with your Over-Thinking-Ness (a word). (Now).
Advertising
1. Stop waiting for perfection (perfect timing, perfect conditions) before you do what you know you should have done long ago. Being ambitious is great but aiming for perfection is unrealistic, impractical and debilitating. Aim for constant improvement and consciously and methodically work towards positive change where you need it most.
2. Don't assume. Don't act on hunches, act on facts.
3. Be more proactive; do stuff! Get out of the theory and into the practical. Now! Do at least one thing each day every day that will get you closer to where you want to be. Even if it scares you. Especially if it scares you. To steal someone else's book title, “Feel the Fear and Do it Anyway.” Don't let fear hijack your potential or run your life (into the ground).
Advertising
4. Ask yourself the right type of questions; the ones which will put you (mentally) in a positive, practical, productive and solution-focused headspace. Acknowledge the problem but be all about the solution. Consciously find the good.
5. Have a sounding board (coach, friend, mentor, relative); someone who will provide you with relevant, meaningful, specific, unemotional feedback – you can't be objective about you. Make sure it's someone who will tell you what you need to hear, not what you want to hear.
6. In order to consistently and consciously move from mediocre to amazing, create a plan and totally commit to it. Don't give yourself an escape clause. Identify and commit to your non-negotiable behaviours.
Advertising
7. Stop rationalising, justifying and explaining what you're not doing. Try honesty, it's quite effective. And liberating.
8. Keep a Success Diary (wanky name but great concept). Journaling your thoughts, decisions, behaviours and results is a great way to keep perspective, stay focused and motivated and to de-emotionalise the change process. It's also a good way for you to learn what works – for you.
9. Get out of your thoughts. Eckhart Tolle talks about finding that very quiet, relaxing and beautiful space beyond our thoughts. The place where peace, calm, joy and freedom live. This is something which needs to be worked on but with practice you'll be able to do it almost anywhere at any time. We don't know how hard it is to stop thinking until we try. And the irony is that moving beyond our thoughts is not really about trying but about letting go. Of the chaos. The mind can be an exhausting place and sometimes we need a holiday from it. If you struggle with this concept, start by losing yourself in some of your favourite music. Step out of your mind and into the music; away from the cerebral and into the creative. The spiritual. The non-thinker. If you're interested in exploring and understanding this concept more, check out Eckhart Tolle's book the Power of Now. It's kind of heavy going (possibly weird depending on where you're at) but well worth it if you can persevere and digest their words thoughtfully.
Advertising
10. With all the thoughts traveling around in your head, some of them should be evicted, others are stuck and are too scared to come out. See your brain's thoughts as one massive Apartment Block. Let's look at Level 2 of your Apartment Block … as you walk down the corridor, you hear the ol' crazy woman behind Apt 22 “you should have done it this way stuuupid…”. Further down is the chatterbox in Apt 28 who always has their door open and jumps out and distracts you, just as you're trying to get somewhere. At the end of the corridor is Mr Gotnothingbettertodo who without fail stops you dead in your tracks “if you only saw how silly you looked you've never done that again!”. These trouble-making tenants are in fact those thoughts that interupt your driving forces and freeze you with guilt, anxiety and reasons to keep us still. These tenants are really easy to spot, haven't paid rent in years, are up to no good and are causing trouble to all the other (good) tenants. These tenants must be evicted – effective immediately!
Start right now – select the most disturbing tenant you know is doing you no good and hand-deliver your notice NOW! Get in that elevator, press the button to the floor that you know you keep avoiding.. and march to their door with confidence and hand-deliver that notice. If they don't co-operate, grab them by the ankles and toss them out. These tenants have been settled for a long time and know how to persuade you – so don't give in! Remember, you have other fantastic tenants there that will be right by your side to support you in this mass evacuation.
This will make room for new, inspirational tenants. Make this Apartment Block your own – bring it back to life, create activities for your community, put in groovy carpet, bring in leafy plants, put in a bar upstairs with 24/7 feel good music (next to the brain spa and indoor pool) – even renovate a complete level and turn it into a brain haven where your tenants can go to put their feet up and recuperate. It's your Apartment Block – the possibilities are endless!
Years Reigned Emperor Cause of Death/Notable Events 235 - 238 First Emperors to never set foot in Rome, murdered by the Praetorian Guard 238 Committed suicide 238 Died in battle 238 Assassinated by the Praetorian Guard 238 Assassinated by the Praetorian Guard 238 - 244 Youngest Emperors of the united Roman Empire at 13 244 - 249 Killed in battle 249 - 251 Killed by the Goths 251 Died of plague 251 - 253 Murdered by their own soldiers 253 Murdered by their own soldiers 253 - 260 Captured in battle by the Sassanid Persians 253 - 268 Gaul, Britain, Egypt, Syria, Judea, and parts of Asia Minor secede from Rome, murdered by their own commanders 268 - 270 Died of plague 270 Died in Aquileia 270 - 275 Reunited the Roman Empire, then murdered by the Praetorian Guard 275 - 276 Died on their way to fight the invading Franks and Alamanni 276 Assassinated by their own troops 276 - 282 Killed by their own soldiers 282 - 283 Died of disease 283 - 284 Possibly assassinated 283 - 285 Died in battle against Diocletian
Qatar has achieved a boost in morale after proving its resilience to the blockade, especially after the four countries fell flat in a press conference in July.
They sealed the emirate's only land border, ordered its citizens to leave and closed their airspace and waters to Qatari flights and shipping, calling for Doha to fall in line with Saudi-led policy in the region, particularly towards Iran.
The blockading countries also demanded that Qatar break its longstanding ties with the Muslim Brotherhood, blacklisted as a "terror group" by the four governments although not by the international community, while seeking for the closure of broadcasting giant Al Jazeera and a Turkish military base.
Qatar has dismissed the demands as a violation of its sovereignty and has received significant support from its ally Turkey.
Taking their cues from the state's business community and the New York Post editorial page, who has hailed nearly every move he's made, Cuomo has systematically moved to:
-cut 2,600 teachers, and lay off 1,000 city workers, many of whom work in health care for the poor
-submit a budget so extremely right-wing that the Tea Party and campaign manager for Cuomo's erstwhile rival Carl Palladino endorsed it
-actively end the millionaires tax, which had been in existence for years, while at the same time demanding cuts to public workers' salaries, pensions, and threatening layoffs.
-create an Orwellian (and undisclosed) "Committee to Save NY" composed of big business executives, who donated millions of dollars to fund TV ads praising Cuomo.
-neuter the labor-backed Working Families Party which fights for union rights (but is hated by big business)
-show worrisome reluctance to crack down on a dangerous form of natural gas drilling, called hydrofracking, that scientists worry wreaks major damage on New York's drinking water (naturally, the industry loves it)
-refuse interviews with any members of the media, except for the leading conservative columnist in the state, Fred Dicker of the NY Post, thus stifling any questioning from the left.
This corporatist, business-first agenda is not new for Mr. Cuomo. As Attorney General, they failed to use their considerable perch and statutory authority to crack down on the mortgage servicers or credit ratings agencies (remember, New York has the Martin Act, which can go after banks both criminally and civilly without even having to prove intent).
Indeed, while they publicly announced some subpoenas and received some headlines, Cuomo's investigations went nowhere, were literally dropped without a single prosecution, and they reached a code of conduct agreement with credit ratings agencies that the Associated Press reports let them off the hook completely.
Well, all this may be true, but doesn't they deserve major credit for the gay marriage achievement, you might ask?
Indeed. But let's analyze the context of it.
Cuomo, who has harbored big ambitions for a long time, knows that the conservative record they have amassed serves them well statewide in New York (where their performance is approved by six in ten Republicans, but just 45 percent of voters in union households, and hailed by every conservative editorial page and business group) but would never pass muster in a Democratic primary for president. So they knew they had to have a high profile progressive achievement.
With six in ten New Yorkers state supporting it, gay marriage was a safe one to choose. Plus, wealthy conservative donors even supported it (yes, Cuomo checked with them first).
But, more importantly, it also was critical to Cuomo for another reason: their very tortured past with the gay community.
As has been reported many times, Cuomo was the campaign manager for their father Mario's race against Ed Koch, when a number of "Vote for Cuomo, Not the Homo" posters littered the streets of New York. While Andrew denied their involvement in the posters, many involved in the campaign said otherwise.
Pushing for gay marriage, then, while a laudable and important goal, did not come out of Cuomo's long, principled devotion to the cause (he was one of the later converts among New York officials to supporting same-sex marriage), but rather due to their own political calculations. That's fine -- the ends justify the means, and all that. But it means they won't necessarily be on the progressive side of other issues (especially if monied interests oppose it).
In short, Andrew Cuomo is a very able and competent political strategist and practitioner of government, who deserves a lot of credit for helping shepherd gay marriage through the legislature in New York.  They are not, however, a progressive leader. Perhaps more significantly, they are an excellent tactician who is willing to push for conservative goals (when convenient) -- and because of their skill, can actually get those conservative goals accomplished. That's dangerous.
So before allowing the media (and Cuomo's emissaries, quietly) to stoke the buzz about a 2016 presidency, Democrats and progressives should educate themselves and others to know the full Cuomo story, and stop this dead in its tracks.
Because it may be more than just speculation.
The Cost of Cheap Gas: A Big Loser
Jan. 22, 2015 — Caracas, Venezuela Text published by TIME [PDF]
Audio featured on RTÉ World Report
Venezuela's economy is in tatters. Annual inflation is running at more than 60%. On the black market, the local currency has lost 65% of its value against the U.S. dollar in the last year. Foreign reserves have fallen around 30% in the last two years. Shortages, due in large part to importers' struggle to obtain hard currency, have led to ubiquitous lines for everyday goods. “This government is filth,” said Antonia Rodríguez, a 60-year-old lab assistant, waiting in line for milk outside a Caracas supermarket on a recent Sunday morning. “There's no food! If Chávez were alive, this wouldn't be happening.”
Former president Hugo Chávez lubricated their socialist revolution with hard cash from Venezuela's oil reserves, the world's largest. Some 96% of the country's foreign income is derived from selling oil. But Chávez is dead, and their successor Nicolas Maduro—elected in April 2013— is paying the bill. The price of Venezuela's oil, composed of heavier crudes that fetch less than international benchmarks, last week averaged just over $39 a barrel. Economists estimate that Venezuela needs well over $100 a barrel to maintain its bloated spending. Arguably no country other than Venezuela—which may well default on its debt this year—loses so big from cheap oil.
Last year, Maduro faced the biggest antigovernment protests in Venezuela in more than a decade. Now, with oil revenues in free fall, Maduro's popularity is down to 22% and looks to be falling. Even those who once supported Chávez, like Rodriguez, are unhappy with Maduro's handling of the economy. Two-time presidential candidate Henrique Capriles, a stalwart of the opposition, has called for further protests. Lacking Chávez's charisma— which carried the former President through trying economic times in the past—Maduro may be vulnerable to rivals within their Socialist Party. The one saving grace for the government is that the opposition remains divided and weak.
Cheap oil puts the President, who blames the problems on an “economic war” being waged against Venezuela by the West, in a tough position. Bringing in pragmatic economic policies would hurt poor Venezuelans, who form the base of their support. Currency controls, enacted over a decade ago by Chávez, have created a black market on which the dollar sells for 30 times its strongest official value. But devaluing or ending the currency controls would exacerbate inflation and lower the value of Venezuelans' savings.
Another option would be to end a $12 billion-a-year subsidy on gas at the pump, which allows Venezuelans to fill up their cars for just a few cents. Economically, this would be easier to do now with low oil prices, though politically, it could spark major riots—just as it did when a similar move was tried in 1989.
The oil crash has already clipped Venezuela's anti-U.S. foreign policy. Beginning under Chávez, Venezuela has served as Cuba's chief patron, sending the Communist island country almost 100,000 barrels of oil per day and between $5 billion and $15 billion per year in aid. But there's no way that Maduro can afford to remain so generous with oil below $50 a barrel—something Cuban President Raúl Castro surely knows. The lack of guaranteed support from Caracas would have made Castro “much more eager to negotiate and given the U.S. leverage,” says Ted Henken, a Cuba expert at Baruch College. Last month's historic rapprochement between Havana and Washington might never have happened in a world of triple-digit oil.
In Venezuela, Maduro has promised that 2015 would be a year of “great economic transformation.” But more recently he's spoken of the need to “deepen the model” of socialism. When Chávez became President in 1999, they toured the nations of OPE C and invited their heads of state to Caracas for a major summit. Prices went up and stayed there for years, thanks in part to the Sept. 11 attacks and wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. Maduro has just come back from a similar tour of OPE C nations, hoping to persuade cartel members to push up prices and also to seek financing for Venezuela. In a recent cartoon by Venezuelan satirist EDO, Maduro is shown as a sweating snake charmer trying to persuade a barrel of oil to rise. So far, the magic hasn't worked.
Caricatura EDO: SUBE, petróleo, SUBE! pic.twitter.com/Rov3qG4gG7 — Eduardo EDO Sanabria (@edoilustrado) January 12, 2015
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) REUTERS/Jason Reed Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) says their music tastes completely changed after the September 11th terrorist attacks.
In a Tuesday morning interview, the newly minted presidential candidate said they used to be a classic rock fan but was disappointed in how the genre responded to the terrorist attack.
"Music is interesting. I grew up listening to classic rock. And I'll tell you sort of odd story: My music tastes changed on 9/11. I actually intellectually find this very curious, but on 9/11, I didn't like how rock music responded," Cruz said on CBS's "This Morning" when asked about their music tastes.
The conservative firebrand suggested this reaction sharply contrasted with the patriotism displayed by the country music industry. They said they had an epiphany and has been listening to country ever since.
"Country music — collectively — the way they responded, it resonated with me. And I have to say just at a gut level, I had an emotional reaction that says, 'These are my people,'" they said. "And ever since 2001, I listen to country music. But I'm an odd country music fan because I didn't listen to it prior to 2001."
Watch the CBS segment below:
HUNTSVILLE, Utah — The Thursday special at the Shooting Star Saloon this week was a generous slice of apple pie and a pint of ice-cold beer.
To some, the pairing may sound wince-inducing, but for many here, the combination is a July 24 tradition and a tongue-in-cheek twist on Pioneer Day, the state holiday that commemorates the arrival of Mormon settlers back in 1847. Pioneer Day is the biggest holiday in Utah, a day when most businesses and government offices close to honor the moment that Brigham Young reportedly looked down on the Salt Lake Valley from the Wasatch Range and uttered the famous words, “This is the right place.”
But for non-Mormons — gentiles, as they are sometimes known here — it has become something else: “Pie 'n' Beer Day.” The celebration is a counterculture answer to the Mormon festivities, in which the parade floats often display replicas of Mormon temples and church leaders wearing cowboy hats wave at the crowd from convertibles.
NHL draft month is upon us and hundreds of NHL hopefuls and their families will soon descend on Chicago to hear their name called by one of the league's 31 — that feels weird to type still — teams.
Naturally, fans are turning their attention toward public draft rankings and guides to identify the prospects who could be available for their favourite team in the first round and beyond.
Here I'll break down seven potential options that the Leafs should be keying on with their first-round pick (17th overall).
Best Defenceman Available?
Most Leafs fans realize the team's pool of prospects lacks depth on the back end. Aside from Travis Dermott, the Leafs don't have a high-end, inbound defender on the depth chart. (Sorry, Andrew Nielsen.)
While very few teams are ever in a position to draft for need — unless you're a contender and in possession of a high-end pick when there's a player who is available and able to immediately step into your lineup, which almost never happens because most good teams don't also have picks at the top of a class — the Leafs will have kept a close eye on the top defencemen in this class.
Standouts Miro Heiskanen, Cale Makar and Timothy Liljegren are all likely off the board before the Leafs select at 17, but there's still a good chance at least one of a quartet of other top D are available.
UAS & Robotics
Air Force's secretive unmanned shuttle to use NASA's hangars
NASA said Oct. 8 the Air Force has agreed to use former space shuttle hangars at the Kennedy Space Center to process future flights of the service's secretive X-37B unmanned mini-shuttle.
The Orbiter Processing Facility was previously used during NASA's space shuttle program. Before that, the facilities were used to stack the three stages of the mighty Saturn V rocket that took humans to the moon. NASA has slowly been transitioning the huge facility at Cape Canaveral that is part of the space agency's Vehicle Assembly Building to handle multiple spacecraft.
The agreement with the Air Force "ensures the facilities will again be used for their originally-intended purpose—processing spacecraft," the space agency said.
United Launch Alliance, the Boeing-Lockheed Martin joint venture, has launched three X-37B space planes on long duration missions. Boeing Co.'s Phantom Works is the Air Force prime contractor for the spacecraft. The third X-37B, also known as the X-37 Orbital Test Vehicle, was launched in December 2012 and is apparently still orbiting the Earth. (UPDATE: The X-37B was expected to land at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif., some time on Oct. 14, after a little more than 22 months in space.)
Along with processing the X-37B for launch, the Air Force also has been conducted landing tests on the former NASA shuttle runway at Cape Canaveral, the space agency said.
NASA said Boeing is performing construction upgrades at the Kennedy processing facilities on behalf of the Air Force. Those upgrades are expected to be completed by December.
According to Boeing, the Air Force's Rapid Capabilities Office is the "customer" for the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle. The agency describes the X-37B as "the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft." The mini-shuttle is designed for long duration test flights designed to wring out advanced guidance, navigation and control, thermal protection, avionics and other advanced systems.
Upon command from a ground controller, the spacecraft autonomously reenters the atmosphere and lands on a runway.
Firefox 57, or Quantum, is here, and it's a huge improvement. Firefox has finally caught up with Chrome in terms of speed, the interface is a lot cleaner, and there are some great new features to boot. There's not a lot to complain about here.
Just kidding. On the internet, there is always something to complain about.
RELATED: How to Check if Your Extensions Will Stop Working With Firefox 57
With Firefox Quantum, the complaint de jour is that certain extensions do not work anymore. Numerous high profile extensions, including DownThemAll and Greasemonkey, don't currently work with Quantum. Others, including Firebug and ScrapBook, will likely never work again.
This is frustrating if you're a user of one of these services, and you might think it's somewhat arbitrary. It isn't. Like it or not, Mozilla felt they didn't have a choice but to abandon what it calls “legacy” add-ons in order to move forward. Here's why.
How Legacy Firefox Extensions Worked
Traditional Firefox extensions were generally written in XML User Interface Language (XUL). This is the language Firefox's user interface is built with, and XUL-based extensions could modify that interface directly. These add-ons also had near full access to XPCOM, the powerful component object model used by Firefox.
If that went over your head, just know this: Firefox extensions had a more-or-less total ability to change your browser, and they made those changes directly. This is why those extensions were so powerful: there wasn't a prescribed set of things they could and couldn't change. It's also why these extensions tended to break with new Firefox releases.
Extensions for Chrome or Safari don't work this way. Those browsers offer extension developers specific APIs they can use, meaning there's a set list of things extensions can and can't control. For two years now, Firefox has offered a similar API called WebExtensions, which it has encouraged developers to adopt.
Traditional Extensions Made Improving Firefox Difficult
Firefox Quantam isn't the first update to break an extension: this has been an ongoing problem for years. Because Firefox extensions could affect Firefox so directly, it was possible for even minor changes to Firefox itself to break add-ons completely, or just introduce performance-sapping bugs.
Firefox users, not knowing the extensions were causing the problem, would assume the new Firefox version is buggy, and from their perspective it was. The Firefox team would do their best to ensure popular extensions were working before pushing a new version, but it's easy to imagine all of this slowing down development.
The WebExtensions API makes all of this easier by specifically defining what extensions can do and how they can do it. This means developers only need to ensure that the API is functioning properly, and not worry that a performance tweak or UI change will break particular extensions. The result should be fewer extensions breaking in the long run, but to make this possible, Mozilla needed to abandon the old extension ecosystem.
The change also makes some of Quantam's best features possible. The multi process capability, for example, is a big part of Firefox Quantam's speed boost. Four separate processes handle Firefox's interface and tabs, meaning Firefox can use all four cores of your processor instead of just one. This is a reality that the traditional extension ecosystem simply was not built for, and it's hard to imagine making it work without a lot of layers of abstraction that would inevitably slow things down. Many upcoming changes to Firefox were similarly being held back by legacy add-ons, meaning the ecosystem had to change in order for Firefox to evolve.
Cross Platform Compatibility Was a Problem
Once upon a time, add-ons gave people a compelling reason to use Firefox over Chrome. These days, Chrome is by far the leader in terms of add-ons, while Firefox can feel like a graveyard of unmaintained extensions from years gone by.
Sure, there are a few Firefox extensions that you can't get in Chrome, but Chrome has the bigger ecosystem by far. The new WebExtensions API won't fix this overnight, but it does make it a lot easier for Chrome extensions to be ported over to Firefox because the language used to write extensions is similar enough to make porting superficial. In many cases, only a few tweaks are needed for a Chrome extension to run in Firefox, meaning there's no reason your favorite Chrome extensions can't come to Firefox now if you ask the developer nicely enough. This should lead to a flood of new extensions in an ecosystem that could frankly use it.
Firefox Was Already Losing Users
Some may argue that Firefox will lose users because of broken extensions, but it's worth noting that Firefox was already losing users to Chrome at an alarming rate, and has been for years. Comparative speed and a lack of certain add-ons were not helping on that front, and Firefox Quantum aims to fix both those problems.
Is there a chance this will backfire? Sure. Some people will jump ship to Chrome, and others might seek out ancient forks that maintain the old extension ecosystem. But it's not like things were going well before. Firefox needed to evolve to stay relevant, and this is how they decided to do it.
Developers Had Time to Switch to the New API
Some users won't notice this switch has even happened, because the extensions they work with already use the WebExtension API. Other extensions haven't switched.
This could be because the developer abandoned the extension a long time ago, or doesn't feel like re-writing it to use the API. In some cases, the API doesn't offer enough control to re-create the original extension, so developers are abandoning their projects. And in many cases, the conversion simply isn't done yet.
Whatever the case, the extensions aren't breaking because Mozilla changed something all of the sudden. WebExtensions has been part of Firefox for two years, and the deadline for updating extensions was announced a year ago:
By the end of 2017, and with the release of Firefox 57, we'll move to WebExtensions exclusively, and will stop loading any other extension types on desktop.
Still missing an extension you depend on? This Google document is tracking several popular extensions, and provides alternatives to several common ones. This list is also useful.
BT has kicked off trials of its Long Reach VDSL technology with the hope of improving broadband speeds that can severely lag over lengthy telephone lines.
The tech was deployed by Openreach engineers to about 20 households in a small village in the Outer Hebrides over the past few days. BT claimed that "initial results are encouraging" with an apparent boost to broadband speeds in North Tolsta on the Isle of Lewis.
BT, which is battling Ofcom's proposed overhaul of its infrastructure business, was quick to say that Openreach was "keen to find a solution" to tackling broadband speed limits in rural areas of the UK. It added: "This is particularly the case given it shares the UK government's ambition that all premises receive a minimum of 10Mbps regardless of how remote they are."
The government plans to bring in a universal service obligation that will allow ISP customers to demand broadband speeds of at least 10 megabits per second for their Internet connections—regardless of where they are in the country.
Openreach boss Clive Selley said: “Getting faster speeds to rural communities is one of my biggest priorities, so testing new solutions in the field like this is a crucial part of that process."
They claimed that Long Reach VDSL tech—which is only at a proof of concept stage—could improve broadband speeds "for thousands of homes and businesses across Scotland and the rest of the UK."
Those households connected by long phone lines between 1.5 to a little over two miles could see speeds of at least 10Mbps courtesy of Long Reach VDSL, BT has said. But more remote homes, it's worth noting, will still have to rely on satellite broadband technology.
In some urban areas where broadband speeds continue to dawdle, meanwhile, BT has plans to start offering its so-called G.fast tech, which promises to bring download speeds of 300Mbps alongside, we expect, a fairly hefty price tag.
When I started working at The Daily Californian, I was sure that I wanted to be a journalist.
I applied to the news department as my second choice, if only because I was afraid I wouldn't get hired. As a copy editor my first two semesters, I looked longingly at the general assignment reporters who spent hours in the office calling sources and joking with one another. They seemed to have some sense of purpose that was lacking for me in the night department, perhaps because most of our job entailed writing clever headlines and replacing “less” with “fewer.” It was at a time in my life — first-year first-year student, majoring in undeclared — where I craved purpose.
So when I was hired to the news department, I was ecstatic. I wrote a long-term feature. I volunteered for assignments taking me to Sacramento and the René C. Davidson Courthouse. I stayed up until all hours of the night covering protests and editing stories, feeling proud to be sharing the truth.
There was always the niggling doubt in the back of my mind about my chosen profession — I'm petrified of calling people on the phone, despite hundreds of interviews, and I'm bad at making deadline (case in point: I'm finishing this column four days late).
Moreover, I was starting to feel the fatigue that I think most journalists experience and must learn to push through. It's the fatigue that settles in when you have to put yourself out there, time and time again, to talk to sources who resent you for prying. The fatigue when you find out that the people you talked to for a story didn't feel heard. The fatigue when you write an emotional piece on some injustice, only to realize no one really cares, and they all think you're fake news anyway.
I tried to keep pushing through. But at some point, I realized that I couldn't ignore the weariness or the doubts. I didn't think I could be happy pursuing a career in journalism.
This juncture came about as I was finishing up my last few weeks as managing editor, marking the end of a year of rarely sleeping, juggling content from 10 different sections and spearheading coverage of the rampant sexual harassment at UC Berkeley. Being managing editor was the most rewarding — and most challenging — experience I've had at UC Berkeley, and I don't regret a thing.
But my dwindling confidence in my ability to be a reporter has been countered by a passion for science, spurred by summer research on soil moisture in Yosemite National Park. And the same things that I have found satisfaction in as a reporter — becoming an expert on the smallest of issues, analyzing others' ideas — I am able to appreciate in science. I love working through a problem and stepping back to see it from a different angle, feeling that heady rush of euphoria when my simulation finally runs or my results start to mean something.
With newfound clarity, I overcorrected, tacking on research internships and taking as many technicals as I could. I avoided the Daily Cal almost entirely, casting it off as an outdated cloak of my younger days.
But you have to understand that there's something about the breakneck pace of news and the absurd hours expected of almost everyone, even the most junior of reporters, that makes working for a print newspaper distinctly all-consuming. A huge part of my college identity is the Daily Cal. My best friends are in the Daily Cal, my group chats are constantly blowing up with office gossip and I'm a walking, talking encyclopedia of Daily Cal facts. Sometimes, it makes me a little sick.
Loneliness is a feeling I'm pretty comfortable with — although I think that's part of the human condition. And yet, I don't think I'd felt quite such an acute sense of loneliness since I pulled back from the Daily Cal. Suddenly, I no longer belonged to any clear community. I felt the organization's absence so profoundly that I considered running for editor-in-chief this spring, even though I knew I'd have to cut back on research endeavors the following semester if I won.
Fortunately, I think I must have a pretty short emotional attention span, because I managed to put the Daily Cal on the back burner again this semester, and now the ache of loneliness is not as present. And while I still miss going to work at 2483 Hearst Ave. every day, I have found other joys in the funky spirit of my co-op and the curiosity of the scientific community.
There's no clear lesson that I can draw from this up-and-down experience. That same sense of doubt that dogged my journalistic career is still present as I worry about pursuing field research. Sometimes I still wonder if I made the wrong decision. But if there's anything that I know, it's that the next few years of my life — just like the past four — aren't set in stone. I'm lucky to be graduating with degrees from UC Berkeley and an unofficial minor in the Daily Cal, and maybe, for now, that's enough to know.
I might still be uncertain about the future, but I'm not uncertain about who I owe thanks to:
Alex Wolinsky, my first boss, who inspired in me a sense of awe of the Daily Cal that persists to this day.
Kimmy Veklerov, for taking a chance on me.
Melissa Wen, who made spring 2016 worth it.
Suhauna Hussain, Addy Shih, Ivana Saric, Andrea Platten and Alex Yoon-Hendricks — the best, most bad-ass all-female news-editing team. You rock.
My family, for listening to me and providing the dose of realism I so desperately need.
My dog, because I'm sappy af.
My professors and research advisers, who have shared with me an abundance of scientific curiosity.
The grext, for encouraging me to step out of my comfort zone.
Cloyne Court, for giving me another sense of community.
Everyone at the Daily Cal that I've had the opportunity to work with over the past four years — may you keep shining a light on the truth.
Katy Abbott was the fall 2015 and spring 2016 managing editor. They joined The Daily Californian in fall 2013 as a copy editor before becoming a news reporter and assistant night editor in summer 2014 and fall 2014, and the night editor in spring 2015. In 2016-17, they co-led the Daily Cal's digital archiving project.  They are graduating with bachelor's degrees in geophysics and applied mathematics.
Thousands of police in riot gear attempted to wrest back control of key spaces in Kyiv from protesters overnight.
By Wednesday morning, the police had pulled back, after hours of tearing down barricades and attempting to shove protesters from Independence Square.
The police action prompted exactly the opposite: the crowds swelled to more than 10,000 people, with protesters forming human chains to block riot police access to the square.
Security forces then had to make a humiliating retreat, though several dozen protesters were reportedly injured, first.
"We have not won the war yet but we've decisively won this battle. The authorities are panicking," a protester told Agence France-Presse.
The protests began over President Viktor Yanukovych backing out of a pact with the European Union, but have expanded to include calls for their government to step down.
More from GlobalPost: Protesters in Kyiv declare victory as police stand down
California law was passed in 1933 to prevent mobs from taking people from police custody but case of Maile Hampton and others suggest harsher attitudes toward those who speak up in the wake of Occupy and police brutality protests
Maile Hampton, the African American activist who was arrested for “lynching” after trying to pull a fellow protester away from police during a January rally against law enforcement brutality in Sacramento, has a large black butterfly tattooed across their neck.
Below it, scrawling script reads: “Have faith in me.”
It means: “Have faith that I am here to change the world,” said the 20-year-old with a youthful mix of passion and innocence. They got it about a year ago, around the same time they began to be politically active, they said.
That optimism will be tested when Hampton heads into court on 9 April, facing a charge that carries the possibility of four years in prison and a lifetime of being labeled a felon.
Video of the rally shows police tussling with a protester in the street while activists on the sidewalk yell: “Who do you protect? Who do you serve?”
A woman who appears to be Hampton enters the street, carrying a bullhorn. They grab the handle of a sign held by the protester being detained by police and attempts to pull it away from an officer who is also holding it.  They are then pushed away by other officers.
Hampton's arrest – and sensational-sounding charge – made headlines. California's lynching law was put on the books in 1933, to prevent mobs from forcibly taking people from police custody for vigilante justice.
But the statute has long been used against protesters as well, by police if not prosecutors. In 1999, anti-fur protesters in San Francisco who blocked access to a Neiman Marcus store in Union Square were charged under the lynching law. Prosecutors declined to take the case to court.
In 2011, police in Oakland used it against members of the Occupy movement, arresting at least two activists, Tiffany Tran and Alex Brown, on the count during a sweep of a public plaza. The charges were dropped.
In 2012, police in Los Angeles also used the lynching law against Occupy, when an activist named Sergio Ballesteros was accused of intervening in an arrest during an Art Walk – according to published reports, the charge was later dropped.
Last year, in the conservative Southern California enclave of Murrieta, it was used on at least one activist, Janet Mathieson, who was arrested while protesting in support of migrant detainees.  They are scheduled for sentencing on 10 April, in a plea bargain that involves dropping the felony charge and pleading guilty to a misdemeanor charge of obstructing or resisting, according to Riverside County district attorney spokesperson John Hall.
Shortly after Hampton's arrest, Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson asked state legislators to take the term out of the penal code, saying via Twitter on 25 February that the “word ‘lynching' has a long and painful history in our nation. It's time to remove its use in CA Law”.
Perhaps that is why the use of the lynching law against a black woman struck many as notable. But some activists say the felony count itself is indicative of a change in attitude of police in the California state capital.
“I have no doubt whatsoever that the Sacramento police department's response has changed as the police brutality protests began late last year,” said Cres Vellucci of the Sacramento chapter of the National Lawyers Guild (NLG), an organization whose members attend rallies as independent observers, to monitor police response.
“It's very apparent, at least to NLG observers like me, that officers want the protests to stop, and if people have to be abused, or arrested or otherwise mistreated, that will happen.”
‘Targeted by police'
Hampton, sitting in their lawyer's office in mid-March with their half-brother, Jamier Sale, for an exclusive interview with the Guardian, said they believed they and Sale were being targeted by police because they were “very active in the Black Lives Matter movement”.
Them arrest took place during a counter-protest that was marching towards to a pro-law enforcement rally.
“It's clear [law enforcement] are trying to target two of the most powerful Answer activists,” they said, referring to the Act Now To Stop War and Racism Coalition, a group that has grown in prominence nationally as an organizing body for the Black Lives Matter movement and other issues.
“Based on how law enforcement has interacted with us and tried to get information, we know that they know that we are very intersectional in our activism and we are two young educated people of color,” said Hampton, who also has joined rallies for pro-Palestine causes, raising the minimum wage (she works a low-wage job as a car detailer), organizing fast food workers and a recent event for Cesar Chavez day, among others.
“And they see that as a threat,” added Sale, who has a habit of finishing their sister's thoughts.
Sale recently concluded their own run-in with the law, after being cited for jaywalking at a Black Lives Matter protest in November. That case made it to court in March, resulting in a $240 fine and a friend starting the hashtag #leavethisfamilyalone in support of Hampton and Sale.
Sacramento police spokesperson Traci Trapani said they “didn't think” lynching was a common charge in a city where rallies happen on an almost weekly basis, but they were unable to provide numbers. They added that most protests were a “peaceful process” in which officers were “accommodating” of protesters.
While video of the 18 January protest that led to Hampton's arrest makes it clear that they did have an individual interaction with law enforcement officers, there are questions about how the resulting arrest and charges are moving through the courts.
“Certainly there did not appear to be any conduct that rose to a felony level,” said Hampton's pro bono lawyer, Linda Parisi, who has advised their client not to speak about the events surrounding the arrest itself. “It makes you say: ‘Really, you've charged this young woman with a felony charge of lynching? Is that right? Is that the message we want to send?'”
Other arrests but different outcomes
Parisi said two other protesters were arrested for lynching that day, with a different outcome from Hampton's.
Emily Cinder, a 19-year-old Caucasian woman, and their fiancé, Strong Walls, a 21-year-old mixed-race man who says they were booked into jail as Caucasian, faced the same charge.
Video shows multiple officers arresting Walls in the street while protesters, including Hampton, shout from the sidewalk, where police had ordered them to stay. Other video later shows Hampton in the street with officers.
Walls said they were in jail for three days – a claim confirmed by their lawyer – and was eventually released, along with Cinder, on their own recognizance. The Sacramento district attorney has not filed charges against either, although it has the ability to do so until April 2016, according to spokesperson Shelly Orio.
Orio declined to comment specifically on any of the three activists, saying the DA did not comment on ongoing cases. They were also unable to give any statistics on the number of people prosecuted for lynching in Sacramento.
Walls said they had “no idea” why they and Cinder were released while Hampton's charges remained.
The police did not detain Hampton and they said no officer recorded their personal information. They did not know a warrant had been issued for over a month, until officers came to their mother's house to arrest them
“The cops said to me you're not charged with anything, the judge just wants to talk you,” they said. But they were booked into jail on multiple charges, including the felony count of lynching.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Maile Hampton with their half-brother, Jamier Sale. Photograph: Anita Chabria
“It seemed very hypocritical and outrageous that … four uniformed white men came into my home, an African American woman, took me out of my home, put me in jail for standing up for black people – on lynching,” said Hampton, who has developed a public presence not just at rallies, but also through speaking at city council meetings and other venues.
“Under the circumstances of that day, it was apparent to me it was an intimidation tactic.”
An activist is born
Hampton attended their first protest in the summer of 2014 – a pro-Palestine event where they quickly found themselves on the bullhorn, which is now a common practice for them at rallies, where they often lead chants. But it wasn't until their brother went to Ferguson, Missouri that fall, after the Michael Brown verdict and as part of an Answer coalition, that they began to be active in the Black Lives Matter movement.
“A lot of the passion I have is also fear for my loved ones and for my own life and for people around me,” they said. “When [Sale] was in Ferguson, one of the members of Answer sent out like an alert, like: ‘Our comrades in Ferguson are being attacked by the police right now.' So seeing that, not only is they a comrade but he's my brother.
“You know, it's like they could have been Mike Brown. So that fear really motivated me to really get the most involved that I could be.”
Parisi said they were “optimistic that we will arrive at a resolution” to Hampton's case that involves removing the felony charge, though no negotiations with the district attorney had yet taken place, they added.
Hampton remains committed to their activism. When they were released from jail, they came out to find more than two dozen supporters waiting to greet them
“That feeling was – it was really unexplainable,” they said. “It really just brought me to tears. Seeing that really made being an activist and being an organizer ... it all makes sense of why I am out here doing what I do.”
NORMAN, Okla. -- Oklahoma defensive captain and leading tackler Travis Lewis will miss up to eight weeks with a broken bone in their left foot, leaving the Sooners without one of their best defensive players for a few crucial early season games.
Athletic trainer Scott Anderson said Tuesday that Lewis' injury will not require surgery, and will be treated with rest and immobilization. Lewis, chosen as the Big 12's preseason defensive player of the year by the media, was injured Monday during Oklahoma's first practice in pads of training camp.
"We're disappointed for Travis," coach Bob Stoops said in a statement. "He has worked very hard and I know he'll want to get back as quickly as possible.
"We'll adapt in the meantime. We've recruited very well and have some excellent athletes in those positions. I'm confident that those players will perform well."
If Lewis is out eight weeks, they would miss Oklahoma's first four games -- including a Sept. 17 trip to Florida State and a Sept. 24 rematch against Missouri, which beat the Sooners last season to knock them out of the top spot in the BCS standings.
The Red River Rivalry game against Texas on Oct. 8 is 8½ weeks away.
When Stoops spoke after practice Monday, they knocked on a wooden podium after saying that the Sooners have "had five days now, we don't have anybody that's not practicing." Now, he's shuffling their defense to make up for the absence of one of the team's leaders.
Stoops said sophomore Corey Nelson will take over Lewis' outside linebacker spot on the weak side. An experiment to move Tony Jefferson from the Sooners' hybrid nickelback/outside linebacker to free safety will end, and Javon Harris will move to the top of the depth chart at safety.
The injury will diminish Lewis' chances at becoming the first player ever to lead the Sooners in tackles in four straight seasons. Lewis made 109 tackles last season, giving them 362 for their career -- the ninth-best total in Oklahoma history.
Their eight career interceptions are tied for the most by a Sooners linebacker.
Lewis announced in January that they wouldn't enter the NFL draft and instead was "coming back to win a national championship, point blank." They said that "anything else would be a disappointment."
The Sooners are ranked No. 1 in the USA Today preseason coaches' poll. The Associated Press' rankings will be released Aug. 20.
In 1975, Kodak engineer Steve Sasson spent a year developing the world's first digital camera, which weighed 8 pounds, looked like a bread machine and recorded a 0.01 megapixel image. Some people would have said it was just a passing trend, but little did they know it would end up being the ancestor of the tiny 16-megapixel camera in your smartphone.
Not every tech trend catches on, but looking at upcoming business IT trends can help prepare us to stay ahead of the curve and not fall behind by sticking with old technologies.
Here are 9 business tech trends coming in 2016 you should know about:
Synchronized Network Security
In November, Sophos introduced the ‘Security Heartbeat' – the first synchronized security platform of its kind. Synchronized Security is the only security platform designed to coordinate a network firewall with endpoint security, closing gaps in a way that separate security products never could. It works by pulsing real-time security intelligence between the firewall and endpoints allowing the network to respond instantly to threats or quarantine an infected device, helping businesses eliminate more common security threats than ever.
PowerApps
Microsoft expects to see a business app explosion when it makes PowerApps available to the public in 2016. With PowerApps, users can create, share and manage mobile business apps on iOS, Android and Windows devices while cutting development time from months to days. PowerApps will connect users with their on-prem and cloud data sources to: track inventory data, create business forms, record sales team activity or screen job applicants. It expands on Microsoft's existing Azure App Service and allows a user to build SaaS and on-premises apps without needing to know how to write programming code.
3D Printing
As 3D printers become more advanced, more materials are developed and printer prices drop, 3D printing will impact all industries, especially healthcare. Pete Basiliere, Research Director, Imaging and Print Services for Gartner, said the most exciting future is in medical devices. “It's absolutely life-altering,” they told TechRepublic. 3D printing will speed delivery and cut costs for medical devices and open up new opportunities for customized prosthetics, implants and microsurgical tools.
Better 2-in-1 Tablets
The versatile 2-in-1, which converts from a tablet to a laptop in a matter of seconds, has become increasingly popular in business — especially mobile. With the recent introduction of devices like Microsoft's Surface Book, or HP's Elite x2 1012 in late 2015, 2-in-1s are now powerful enough to handle data-heavy graphics and complex computations. Microsoft's Surface Book is being called the ‘ultimate laptop' for its pixel-packed 13.5-inch screen and class-leading processing power. HP's Elite x2 1012 boasts enterprise-level security features along with military-grade durability. Expect to see more convertible 2-in-1s from your favorite IT brands that may help make your business more mobile.
Cloud Computing reaches tipping point
Many businesses have taken advantage of cloud computing for its rapid deployment, scalability, reliability, security features and potential cost savings. Cloud computing will reach a tipping point in 2016, the first year businesses will have more than 50% of their IT infrastructure in the cloud, according to an IDG Enterprises study. Adobe fully transitioned its Creative Suite to a cloud-based subscription model in June 2015, marking another milestone as software developers continue to transition away from client-based platforms with heavy up-front costs.
Cloud-enabled real-time communication
As business demands for real-time communications like audio and video conferencing, instant messaging Voice over IP (VoIP) and unified messaging have grown, many companies like Cisco, Digium, Microsoft, UNIFY and ShoreTel have stepped up to meet the demand. Microsoft recently announced its new Office 365 E5 plan with new features including Skype for Business Meeting Broadcast, PSTN Conferencing and Cloud PBX with PSTN Calling.
Machine Learning
Machine learning is a type of artificial intelligence that gives computers the ability to automatically learn and make intelligent data-driven decisions. Advancements in artificial intelligence and processing power will enable virtual assistants to help researchers compile data, detect patterns and anticipate future events. More businesses will use machine learning to better market their products and services by anticipating what they might need next. Voice recognition software like Cortana and Siri will get better at recognizing you by the sound of their voice, and provide advanced security authentication to users.
Big Data
Information-hungry businesses are collecting stores of data from mobile phones, online shopping, social media, smart sensors among others and they are looking for ways to poke, prod and pick it apart to unearth any competitive advantage. Advanced analytics platforms – especially user-friendly ones – will play a huge role in that. Microsoft launched Power BI, their cloud-based business intelligence platform in July as part of its Office 365 suite, making it easier for users to crunch numbers, gain insights and display data in user-friendly ways, like dashboards, datasets and reports.
Internet of Things
Improvements in Bluetooth technology will bring about an IoT device explosion. IoT devices already help businesses regulate manufacturing processes, track shipping, monitor the environment and record human activity. New Bluetooth devices will have four times the range, twice as fast data transfer, and have the ability to mesh with other devices on the network while using the same low-power levels they do today. By 2016 Gartner Research predicts 6.4 billion devices will be connected to the internet – with 5.5 million new ‘things' joining them each day.
What's next
Technology is always changing and it can be nearly impossible keep track of every trend. It's our job at CCB to help you stay ahead of tech trends so you don't have to worry about falling behind. As your technology partner, CCB will deliver the top cloud solutions, services, software and hardware to propel your business into 2016 (and the future!) Contact us today.
I LOVE KNOWLEDGE!
Subscribe to our weekly blog. Be informed, entertained and keep up with the ever-changing world of IT. Sign me up!
