“There is definitely a percentage of members that when they are feeling an ailment for a day will suck it up and come into work,” says Bob Kinnear, president of the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 113.
Forcing TTC workers to get a doctor's note after one day of sickness — one of the most stringent policies in the province — has cut absentee rates but is drawing fire from union leaders and the Ontario Medical Association.
Spokesperson Brad Ross said that before the rule's implementation in 2012, when the collective agreement kicked in, workers were given a five-day grace period and that the absence rate among unionized workers had grown to 8.42 per cent.
But the TTC says the one-day rule was implemented to try to tame high employee absenteeism across the system and that the strategy appears to be working.
“That is probably not good for the employees internally and probably not in the best interest of the public,” says Kinnear, whose union represents nearly 10,000 TTC workers. They raised fears that bus or streetcar drivers could easily pass flus and colds to the passengers jammed into their vehicles.
“No employer should require a sick note on the first day of an absence,” Wooder said in an interview Friday. “It doesn't make sense.”
Kinnear's concerns were voiced in the wake of this week's proclamation by OMA president Dr. Scott Wooder that sick workers should stay home and not be forced to obtain a doctor's note.
The transit commission's zero-tolerance policy, brought in under contract arbitration in 2011, says unionized employees must submit a written doctor's note attesting to their ailments within 72 hours of their bookoff or lose the 75-per-cent sick pay they are entitled to for days off.
“I don't have 2013's (numbers) yet, but it's trending in the right direction.”
“And then in 2012 . . . the absenteeism rate dropped to 7.7 per cent, that's just after one year,” they said.
“And a lot of these employees will end up in the emergency department and if they have infectious illnesses they are going to put other people at risk,” Wooder said.
While not commenting directly on the TTC rule, they said it was highly probable that many sick workers would not be able to see a heavily booked family doctor in the given time.
Ontario Federation of Labour president Sid Ryan said the TTC book-off rule is the most burdensome he's encountered.
“I have not heard of any other employer demanding (a note) after one day's absence,” Ryan said.
“That's being punitive and creating a massive burden on the health care system.”
Ryan said most employers give at least two days' leeway before requiring a doctor's note.
At GO Transit, unionized staff can take five sick days in a row before a physician's note is required. Yet absentee rates declined from 5.53 per cent for 2011-2012, to 4.69 per cent for 2012-2013.
Go employees also receive 100 per cent of pay for their first six sick days of the year and 80 per cent pay for an additional six months.
At Ottawa's OC Transpo, sick notes are normally required for transit workers after four straight days off, or if the employee has exhausted six days annually of uncertified leave.
Kinnear argued that sick and potentially medicated operators might not be at their best behind the wheel.
“It is important that they (the TTC) recognize the safety aspect and recognize that it is important that we ensure that we have completely alert operators out there,” they said.
“You (should) want to make clear to the operators, to the people that are in safety-sensitive positions that if you are under the weather, if you are taking antihistamines, we don't want you driving.
“But the TTC … does not encourage that, in fact they very assertively encourage people to come in.”
Kinnear said commission management is using the province's health system as a tool to police its employees.
Ross said the commission owed it to taxpayers and its riders to rein in the costs associated with high absentee levels.
(Among TTC managers the absentee rate has held steady for a considerable time at around 3.5 per cent, Ross said.)
“It was felt that those (former) five days were not being used necessarily for sickness or for illness but seen by some … as vacation time.”
As for union safety concerns, they say that it's incumbent on sick employees to stay home, despite the doctor's note requirements.
“If you are sick, if you are unable to work, if you are fatigued in any way, if you are not fit for duty, you need to stay home,” Ross said.
“That's why we have this (75-per-cent sick pay) benefit.”
As part of the collective agreement, the note rule can't be changed until the contract expires at the end of March, Ross said.
In the country's workforce overall, personal absentee rates — which includes illness, disability or personal and family reasons — hit 8.1 per cent for an average week in 2011, according to Statistics Canada.
The same report showed absentee rates in the public sector for illness and disability reasons alone at eight per cent that year, with the private sector workforce at 5.2 per cent.
In the federal civil service, absenteeism due to illness and disability logged in at 10.5 per cent; with an 8 per cent figure in their provincial counterparts it was 8 per cent.
TTC bus driver Marvin Alfred said the rule is far too much of a burden for employees, some of whom may just choose work over a trip to the doctor's when they're sick.
“They'd rather just not deal with the frustration and just go to work and not in the best of health,” Alfred said.
The 13-year veteran says they had not taken a sick day in four years at one point and that they were forced to get a note for a two-day absence. Alfred, also a union flight attendant, said their spotless attendance record should have earned them a degree of respect.
“That's not conducive to a healthy relationship with the company,” Alfred said.
Uniformed members of the Toronto Police Service are only required to supply doctor's notes when they are requested by their unit commander.
Civilian employees must be absent more than three consecutive days and have seven days to furnish a note.
The City of Toronto, which employs around 33,000 people, asks for doctor's notes from non-union, union and management employees who take more than three consecutive sick days, spokesperson Jackie DeSouza told the Star's Alex Ballingall.
Teachers with the Toronto District School Board need a doctor's note after taking five consecutive sick days, but they can be asked for one earlier if there are concerns about the absence.
Bandai Namco Aiming to Release Identical Version of Code Vein in All Regions Simultaneously
Producer Keita Iizuka and director Hiroshi Yoshimura have revealed that Bandai Namco is aiming to release the same version of Code Vein across the globe and that the developers want to accommodate a global audience.
In an interview with Dengeki Online (translation via Gematsu), the duo also revealed that they want to release the game worldwide on the same date.
“We want to make a game that will excite and be enjoyed by players around the world,” said the developers. “Moreover, we took the recent game market into account and thought we should make a title that will launch us into worldwide recognition.”
When asked if there were any aspects of the game they considered adjusting for players outside Japan, Iizuka and Yoshimura said that they don't think there's any difference between Western and Japanese gamers in terms of “the nature of dungeon crawling RPGs and their experience with them.” “And so based on that, we will make final adjustments for the overall direction based on a single standard,” they explained.
Code Vein is headed to the PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC in 2018.
[Source: Dengeki Online via Gematsu]
The following is an excerpt from the Designer Notes for Offworld Trading Company. The game, an economic RTS set on Mars, releases on April 28, 2016, and is available for purchase here.
I mentioned above that the earliest version of the game had neutral Colonies and no HQs. When we replaced Colonies with HQs, the players were immediately more invested in the game as they felt ownership over a part of the map and could also see the progress reflected in the size of the HQ. However, the game's fiction suffered some as it was unclear why exactly these companies were on Mars. Were they just manufacturing resources to sell to each other? Obviously, the Offworld Market was part of the answer as one purpose of business was to supply goods to colonists living offworld in the Asteroid Belt. Nonetheless, the game felt like it was missing some focal point to justify all this business.
Thus, we brought back the Colony, this time as a single entity in the middle of the map that would serve as important source of market demand. (When the game had no Colony, the market had a hidden demand curve which drove up prices; putting a visible Colony on the map meant that we could remove this hidden mechanic.) The needs of the Colony were visible in the types of modules which extended out from its center. Habitat modules would need Water, Food, and Oxygen; Office modules would need Power; Laboratory modules would need Chemicals; and so on. Further, the Colony would grow over the course of the game, increasing demand for these resources.
That simple system, however, was quite different from how the single neutral Colony started, and the process to get to there is a good lesson about how game mechanics work best in strategy games when they are simple and transparent. The original system, in contrast, was complex and opaque. (In Sid's words, the problem with complex, opaque systems is that computer is having the fun, not the player.) Initially, the modules all consumed multiple resources (the Office, for example, consumed Power and Electronics) while also having a cost (the Office required Steel and Glass) which affected the probability of it appearing if those resources cost too much. Further, each workplace module could level up depending on that resource cost as well as the Colony's excess population that needed jobs. Each Habitat module could level up based on its build costs as well as the Colony having more jobs available than population. Moreover, the Colony's population would go up and down depending on the price of life support resources, which could then leave some workplace modules unoccupied so that they didn't consume any resources at all. Thus, the Colony might not be growing because Steel cost too much to construct more modules, or it might not be growing because Food was too expensive, or it might not be growing because there weren't new jobs available for the new colonists. Got all that?
Most players simply ignored the Colony as it wasn't clear what was going into the black box or what was coming out of it. The system needed radical simplification. Slowly, each part got stripped away – the resource costs for each module, the population restrictions from life support costs, the leveling up of each module – until the colony itself was simply a visual indicator of demand. Finally, each workplace module consumed only one resource (Offices consume Power, Laboratories consume Chemicals, etc.) and every workplace module had a matching Habitat module that consumed life support. New modules were added randomly over the course of the game, independent of the players or the market. The Colony was simply another random element which added replay value by diversifying resource demand — if the Colony is full of Laboratories, for example, then the players might want to invest in Chemical Refineries because of demand from the Colony.
It seems they might be doomed to do this forever.
Eight months have passed since the 2016 presidential election concluded, but a new battle is brewing between Don and Hilary — at least among forecasters.
Tropical Storm Don is moving up and around the northern shore of South America, while a tropical depression in the Pacific Ocean develops. That storm is expected to be named Hilary sometime on Tuesday, according to the Washington Post.
The chance that two storms would form and each receive names that were pre-designated years earlier is a big coincidence.
Contrary to popular belief, the National Hurricane Center does not name each storm. A list of one to two dozen names are used for storms in the Atlantic, Eastern North Pacific, Central North Pacific and Other Basins. The list of names is reused every six years. For example, in 2011, Hurricane Hilary ripped through the Pacific and was deemed a cyclone.
Each of these storms had a less than one-in-20 chance of being selected at the beginning of the season, though a handful have already been used.
Don has been deemed a minimal tropical storm and comes a month ahead of the standard start for the hurricane season. It appears to be already petering out.
Hilary is not actually a tropical storm yet, instead a tropical depression, but it's expected that it'll be officially designated as a tropical storm later on Tuesday.
Americans will watch to see which storm takes the trophy for the strongest storm.
ZTE will begin selling a Wi-Fi only version of its Android-based SPRO projector for $399 starting on Jan. 6. Pre-orders for the projector are now begin taken at the ZTE website.
You may remember that in the summer of 2014, Sprint started selling the LivePro, a projector that could also be used as a 3G/4G hotspot. The projector was made by ZTE and this new SPRO model is the same as Sprint's, except that there is no cellular wireless hardware inside.
Otherwise, this new projector has the same hardware specs. It can project a 10-inch to 10-foot display on a wall, with a lamp brightness of 100 lumens. Inside there's a 1.2 GHz dual-coore Qualcomm Snapdragon processor. There's a 4-inch touchscreen which can be used to control the Android 4.2 Jelly Bean operating system, along with 1GB of RAM and 4GB of onboard storage.
Source: ZTE
Aerial photo of Pembroke Castle from the west, showing parchmarks (Crown Copyright RCAHMW, AP_2013_5162)
New work by Neil Ludlow and Dyfed Archaeological Trust (DAT) has revealed the remains of long-vanished buildings, and other features, at Pembroke Castle. Pembroke is famous for its large round keep, built by earl William Marshal, and a number of stone domestic buildings are preserved in the inner ward. But the large, outer ward has been an empty space since at least the eighteenth century.
In 2013, routine aerial photography, by Toby Driver of the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales (RCAHMW), revealed a number of ‘parchmarks' in which the outlines of buried walls could be seen, as shorter grass, in the castle. They contacted Neil, who applied to the Castle Studies Trust for a grant to carry out further work at the castle. Thanks to their funding Neil, in partnership with DAT, was able to undertake a full geophysical survey of both the inner and outer wards in May 2016.
Three different methods were applied. Magnetometry, which measures magnetic variation below the ground, was carried out by DAT while Tim Southern undertook resistivity survey, which measures electrical resistance, on DAT's behalf. Both processes can reveal buried walls and ditches and Ground Penetrating Radar, which can detect features to a depth of over 1.5 metres, was also undertaken in the outer ward, by Tim Fletcher of TF Industries Ltd..
Survey in the inner ward suggested that two or possibly three previously unknown buildings may lie beneath the grass, but they couldn't be dated or characterised. At least one of them may, however, be connected with food preparation as neither a kitchen nor bakehouse has yet been conclusively identified at the castle, which would have been necessary to feed the people who made up the earl's household, their retinue, and the garrison.
The results in the outer ward were outstanding – and surprising. Even allowing for later disturbance, which was slight, the area seems to have been largely empty of buildings during most of the Middle Ages – in contrast to the busy, congested scene that's normally imagined. This area was enclosed with an impressive curtain wall and towers in the mid-thirteenth century but may always have been envisaged as an open space – for ‘civil' assembly, for military gatherings, for pageantry and display or for leisure, or perhaps all four; a garden was certainly present by the fifteenth century, and may have been laid out around 1300-20.
Some buildings were however present. A large rectangular building M against the southwest curtain wall, and a possible smaller lean-to N against the southern curtain, are both probably medieval; was the large building for storage, or was it domestic? To account for the apparent absence of a well in the castle, a number of local stories had developed including one which involved a system of water-pipes; the discovery of a possible well, O, may solve the mystery. Most exciting of all was the confirmation that an arrangement of parchmarks G, recorded in 2013, belong to a free-standing, winged mansion-house. Its form suggests that it's from the late fifteenth century, and it may have been the building within which King Henry VII was born, which is known to have stood in the outer ward.
A ditch formerly separated the outer ward from the inner ward, and a buried masonry structure K, opposite the inner gate, may be a bridge abutment. This ditch was possibly infilled to improve the setting of the fifteenth-century mansion, and garden. Alternatively, the infill may belong to the Civil War period (1642-48) when the castle was held against the Crown, and then against Cromwell. Two former buildings A and B, which overlay the infilled ditch, may date to the Civil War; one of them was associated with a below-ground ‘passage' that may be a gunpowder magazine. The castle again saw military use during the Second World War, when five ‘Hall-huts' C were built to house troops based at the castle.
While a number of the other features denote modern service trenches, some may belong to early use of the castle site. A linear feature J may represent the boundary of a burgage plot, perhaps confirming that the outer ward was laid out over part of the town; if so, some of the patchwork of smaller, formless features may also be urban in origin. Others may be hints of prehistoric occupation.
While the results show what can be achieved through geophysics – and generous grant-aid – more work is required before they can be fully understood. In particular, even limited excavation in the mansion may confirm its date and form, and suggest how the outer ward was used during the fifteenth century. The mansion seems to have contained a latrine, so with luck some good palaeoenvironmental evidence has been preserved. Pembroke is a castle of national significance, both architecturally and as a setting for major historic events: it will repay close study.
Getty Trump: I never said wages are too high
Donald Trump on Thursday clarified their comments from Tuesday night's GOP debate about wages being too high, saying the blowback has been misguided.
The billionaire business person was asked during the Fox Business debate about whether they were sympathetic to protesters who have been pushing for the minimum wage to be raised to $15 an hour.
Story Continued Below
“I can't be…and the reason I can't be is because we are a country that is being beaten on every front,” Trump said on Tuesday night. “Taxes too high, wages too high, we're not going to be able to compete against the world.”
But on Fox News' “Special Report” Thursday they insisted that they never said wages were too high, just that the minimum wage should not increase.
“I didn't say that. Bret, we were talking about the minimum wage, and they said ‘should we increase the minimum wage?' And I'm saying that if we're going to compete with other countries we can't do that because the wages would be too high,” Trump said after host Bret Baier asked them about their comments.
“I was referring to the minimum wage,” Trump continued.
The business mogul said that people say they want to increase the minimum wage because it sounds good politically and even though it's hard for them to say, they had to stand strong on not raising the minimum wage because “our country is losing businesses.”
Several recent studies have found that the more education conservatives have, the less likely they are to accept scientific findings about climate change, suggesting a motivated reasoning effect. This has led to the concern that attempts to increase public knowledge might exacerbate political polarization on the issue. Yet, most prior studies have been correlational, which leaves the most important question unanswered: Does communicating climate change facts cause issue polarization?
We sought to answer this question in our article in the journal Nature Human Behavior: “Scientific agreement can neutralize the politicization of facts.” We conducted a large nationally representative experiment involving 6,301 Americans. Consistent with the motivated reasoning account, before we provided respondents with any information, we found evidence that higher educated conservatives were more likely than higher educated liberals to underestimate the scientific consensus on climate change. However, as part of a randomized experiment, we exposed half of the sample to a simple scientific fact — “97% of climate scientists have concluded that human-caused global warming is happening”.
We found that both groups who read the “consensus message,” i.e. higher educated liberals and conservatives, adjusted their estimates of the consensus upward in the direction of the actual scientific norm (97%). Moreover, the consensus message reduced polarization between higher educated liberals and conservatives by nearly 50%: the gap between higher educated liberals and conservatives shrank from about 16 percentage points before exposure to the consensus message, to only about 8 percentage points after exposure. These findings are visualized in the figure below:
In other words, we found that communicating a simple fact about the scientific consensus on human-caused climate change did not reinforce political polarization. Quite the opposite: communicating the scientific consensus helped neutralize partisan motivated reasoning and bridge the conservative-liberal divide, at least on this key fact. These findings proved robust across ideology and education levels and build on our prior work illustrating that perceived scientific consensus acts as a “gateway” to other key beliefs about climate change (Ding et al., 2011; van der Linden et al., 2015). Additional graphs, information, and results can be found in the study's Supplementary Information.
The article is available here to those with a subscription to Nature Human Behaviour. If you would like to request a copy, please send an email to climatechange@yale.edu, with the Subject Line: Request Scientific Agreement Paper.
Jeffrey M. Perkel Jeffrey Perkel has been a scientific writer and editor since 2000. They hold a PhD in Cell and Molecular Biology from the University of Pennsylvania, and did postdoctoral work at the University of Pennsylvania and at Harvard Medical School.
On January 29, 2013, Indian, Chinese, and American researchers reported the draft sequence of the chickpea, Cicer arietinum, “the third crop legume plant to have its genome unraveled and published so far,” according to GenomeWeb.
The week before, it was meningioma, a kind of central nervous system tumor, and the week before that, the diamondback moth.
These remarkable reports have to some extent lost their ability to shock. Where once new genomes were greeted with awe in the scientific community—not to mention the mainstream press—today the sense is, “another day, another genome.” Indeed, with human genome sequencing approaching the $1,000 mark, and low-cost sequencers like the Illumina MiSeq and Life Technologies' Ion Torrent PGM putting genome technology in the hands of scientific have-nots, it might seem that DNA sequencing has plateaued. Become commoditized, even.
On one level, perhaps. But that doesn't mean the technology is stagnant. Sequencing firms continue to optimize their hardware, software and reagents to squeeze ever more bases from their instruments ever more quickly. Meanwhile, researchers are expanding the application space by pushing sequencing technology in new directions.
Long fragment reads
Harvard University geneticist George Church cites three recent papers that illustrate exciting new developments in the sequencing arena. The first, published by Complete Genomics in July 2012 in Nature (and co-authored by Church), demonstrates the company's ability to produce “phased” genome sequences—that is, genomes in which polymorphisms can be unambiguously assigned to either the maternal or paternal chromosome—using its new “long fragment read” (LFR) technology. [1]
In the LFR approach, pools of long DNA fragments are diluted out until, on average, each well of a plate contains either one or no DNA fragments. These individual fragments are then fragmented, amplified and barcoded to produce essentially a unique sequencing library for each long piece. Those pools are then recombined and sequenced en masse; the barcodes enable the researchers to then assign individual fragments to one parental chromosome or the other.
Typical genome sequences lack such information, which can be clinically vital, Church says. Suppose, for instance, that an individual harbors two different mutations in a particular gene. Are both mutations present in the same copy, or is there one mutation in each? “The difference is night and day,” they say; in the former case, the individual still harbors a working copy of the genome, but not in the latter case. “I don't know any other way to get at that very important fact.”
Nanopore sequencing
The second paper describes a novel nanopore-based sequencing approach. [2] Several companies are pursuing nanopore sequencing, including Genia and Oxford Nanopore Technologies, which made a splash in February 2012 with its announcement of a nanopore-based sequencer that's about the size of a USB thumb drive.
In nanopore sequencing, the basic idea is that passage of either a single-stranded piece of DNA or individual nucleotides through a pore disrupts the flow of electrical current across the pore by some characteristic amount for each base. But nucleotides are very chemically similar to one another, making their signals difficult to distinguish. And it's hard to get DNA to flow through a pore in such a way that each base can register.
The new paper describes a different approach. Led by Jingyue Ju of Columbia University and John Kasianowicz of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the team produced a series of tagged nucleotide triphosphates, with unique tags for each of the four nucleotides. As a DNA polymerase positioned near the pore extends the primer-template complex, the tags are released into the pore, where they produce characteristic signatures.
“This is the newest flavor [of nanopore sequencing],” Church says. It is a sequencing-by-synthesis approach and “a new way of doing things. That's why this is exciting.”
Still, they note, the paper does not actually demonstrate sequencing per se. Rather, it shows that a nanopore can distinguish the four tags in solution.
Genia, which is collaborating with Ju, Kasianowicz and Church to develop this technology, has announced plans to have a beta test instrument available by the end of 2013 and a commercial product by 2014. The company fabricates its sequencers out of disposable computer chips, building a massively-parallel nanopore array automatically at run time.
According to Stefan Roever,Genia's chief executive officer, the array consists of thousands of nanoliter-sized sensor wells. Each well has a membrane stretched over the top “like a drum skin covers a drum,” into which a single protein pore is inserted. Ultimately, point-of-care devices could be as small as a cell phone, they say.
The current “alpha” version of the Genia consumable contains 264 sensors. The anticipated beta version will contain 100,000 sensors, and the commercial version, about one million. Roever says the device will use a DNA polymerase and a sequencing-by-synthesis approach, as in the current paper, but it will use different chemistries. Still, they anticipate running at about 10 bases per second per sensor.
Genome sequencing
The third paper, from Sunney Xie's lab at Harvard University, demonstrates genome sequencing and variant calling from a single human cell. [3] The method relies on a new amplification procedure called MALBAC – multiple annealing and looping-based amplification cycles – which combines a linear “preamplification” step and PCR to uniformly amplify the DNA from a single cell.
An additional paper, published in October 2012, also is generating interest in the sequencing community. Developed by Stephen Kingsmore's lab at Children's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City, Mo., the method, called STAT-Seq, leverages the approximate 24-hour run time of Illumina's new HiSeq 2500 and some advanced bioinformatics algorithms to identify genetic mutations in newborns in just 50 hours. [4]
According to Abizar Lakdawalla, associate director of technical marketing at Illumina, the HiSeq 2500, an upgrade of the company's older HiSeq 2000, began shipping in the third quarter of 2012. The instrument produces 2x150-base paired-end reads, which will increase to 2x250 base reads in the second half of 2013. “That will give you around 300 gigabases [of sequence] in approximately 60 hours,” Lakdawalla says. “So pretty massive output in a short amount of time.”
Illumina's personal-sized MiSeq will shortly support 2x300 paired-end reads, to generate about 15 Gb of sequencing data. That puts the MiSeq read lengths on par with Sanger-based sequencing. But for really long reads, the company will soon offer straightforward library preparation kits and analysis software from a recently acquired reagent company called Moleculo (named after a “Saturday Night Live” sketch); the kits promise synthetic reads of approximately 10,000 bases on Illumina's sequencers.
“The consensus accuracy for the 10,000 base reads is Q50,” Lakdawalla says. “No existing technology gives this combination of incredibly long reads and super-high-accuracy. So you can now easily do de novo sequencing of large genomes, analyze complex metagenomes, and most importantly, effortlessly produce phased genomes.” The long read technology will be introduced as a service delivering phased genomes followed by kits for users to produce the long reads on existing Illumina sequencers.
According to Lakdawalla, Illumina's sequencers are finding increasing use in high-resolution genomics and transcriptomics – that is, single-cell ‘omics. For instance, researchers are using Illumina hardware to characterize the complete transcriptome of circulating tumor cells at single cell resolution, and to define cellular heterogeneity in tissues and tumors.
“It will help us answer some profound questions, like how does a single cell create the incredible complexity of a whole organism,” they say.
Also offering long reads is Roche-subsidiary 454 Life Sciences, whose GS FLX+ system, coupled with its newest software (release 2.8) produces reads of “up to 1,000 bp and beyond,” according to a company spokesperson. “These extra-long reads are particularly useful for de novo genome and transcriptome sequencing projects.” An update to version 2.9 is expected in the first half of 2013, enabling “extra-long read amplicon sequencing.”
Pacific Biosciences offers the longest currently available reads on its PacBio RS. The company's new XL chemistry produces reads averaging 5,000 bases apiece, though about 5% of those exceed 10,000 bases. “By year's end, both of those numbers will double again,” says company Steve Turner, the company's chief technology officer.
The PacBio RS consumable has some 75,000 wells (zero-mode waveguides, or ZMWs) that can be simultaneously monitored, each of which can hold a single polymerization reaction. On average, 30% to 50% of the ZMWs are productive, Turner says, so under ideal conditions, a single run produces about 250 megabases of sequence. (A hardware upgrade planned for the second quarter of 2013 will double the number of ZMWs that can be simultaneously monitored to 150,000.)
Life Technologies' Ion Torrent division launched its Ion Proton in September 2012. A follow-up to the Ion Torrent PGM, the Ion Proton can sequence “a human exome in a few hours,” according to The Scientist magazine, which named the machine one of the top 10 innovations of 2012. (Life Technologies could not be reached for comment.) An upgraded chip, anticipated early in 2013, is “designed to handle an entire human genome, from sample prep to full sequence in 8 hours.”
With hardware like that available, can you imagine what the next year will bring?
References
[1] B.A. Peters et al., “Accurate whole-genome sequencing and haplotyping from 10 to 20 human cells,” Nature, 487:190–5, 2012.
[2] S. Kumar et al., “PEG-labeled nucleotides and nanopore detection for single molecule DNA sequencing by synthesis,” Scientific Reports, 2:684, DOI:10.1038/srep00684, 2012.
[3] C. Zong et al., “Genome-wide detection of single-nucleotide and copy-number variations of a single human cell,” Science, 338:1622–6, 2012.
[4] C.J. Saunders et al., “Rapid whole-genome sequencing for genetic disease diagnosis in neonatal intensive care units,” Science Translational Medicine, 4:154ra135, 2012.
The image at the top of this page is from Roche 454 Sequencing.
Birth by Sleep Master
Obtain all trophies.
1.6%
Ultra Rare 6.65%
Very Rare
Critical Competitor
Clear game on Critical.
5.5%
Very Rare 14.44%
Rare
The Lost Chapter
Complete the secret episode.
10.4%
Very Rare 20.90%
Uncommon
The Vessel
Clear Terra's story mode.
34.7%
Rare 45.95%
Uncommon
The Dormant
Clear Ventus's story mode.
33.8%
Rare 43.39%
Uncommon
The Seeker
Clear Aqua's story mode.
28.8%
Rare 39.42%
Uncommon
Connected Hearts
Complete the final episode.
17.8%
Rare 30.18%
Uncommon
A Mere Shell
Defeat the Vanitas Remnant.
5.4%
Very Rare 13.29%
Rare
Time's Teller
Defeat the Unknown.
3.8%
Ultra Rare 10.87%
Rare
Darkness's Will
Defeat No Heart.
4.0%
Ultra Rare 11.18%
Rare
Light's Will
Defeat Armor of Eraqus.
4.6%
Ultra Rare 11.93%
Rare
Savage Slayer
Complete all Unversed battle missions with the highest rank.
4.1%
Ultra Rare 11.92%
Rare
Profiler
Collect all Secret Reports.
18.8%
Rare 31.06%
Uncommon
Collector
Collect all stickers.
9.7%
Very Rare 18.38%
Rare
The Adventurer: Terra
Complete Reports with Terra.
1.9%
Ultra Rare 7.45%
Very Rare
The Adventurer: Ventus
Complete Reports with Ventus.
2.0%
Ultra Rare 7.41%
Very Rare
The Adventurer: Aqua
Complete Reports with Aqua.
2.0%
Ultra Rare 7.55%
Very Rare
Perfect Shot
Use Shotlock 50 times.
32.5%
Rare 42.53%
Uncommon
Justice & Dark
Use the Pete D-Link 10 times.
4.2%
Ultra Rare 13.58%
Rare
D.J.
Use the Rhythm Mixer Command Style 20 times.
7.2%
Very Rare 16.53%
Rare
The Warrior: Terra
Learn all of Terra's Finish Commands.
4.5%
Ultra Rare 12.20%
Rare
The Warrior: Ventus
Learn all of Ventus's Finish Commands.
3.8%
Ultra Rare 10.64%
Rare
The Warrior: Aqua
Learn all of Aqua's Finish Commands.
4.1%
Ultra Rare 11.27%
Rare
Musclehead
Unleash Break Time with Terra.
15.3%
Rare 26.33%
Uncommon
B-Boy
Unleash Break Time with Ventus.
15.4%
Rare 24.98%
Uncommon
Majorette
Unleash Break Time with Aqua.
13.7%
Very Rare 24.03%
Uncommon
Pâtissier
Create all flavors of ice cream.
5.0%
Ultra Rare 12.56%
Rare
Command Board Conqueror
Win each playable Command Board.
8.0%
Very Rare 17.12%
Rare
Maestro
Obtain a Fantastic rating for each song in Ice Cream Beat Master Mode.
4.6%
Ultra Rare 12.86%
Rare
Rapid Racer
Finish first in all Rumble Racing courses.
11.8%
Very Rare 21.82%
Uncommon
Fantasista
Beat all opponents in Fruitball.
11.2%
Very Rare 21.12%
Uncommon
The Journey Begins
Clear the prologue, "The Land of Departure."
88.6%
Common 90.02%
Common
Pursuit of Truth
Clear the Mysterious Tower episode of Terra's story.
49.1%
Rare 57.76%
Common
Defying Darkness
Clear the Disney Town episode of Terra's story.
43.4%
Rare 53.11%
Common
Entrusting Power
Clear the Destiny Islands episode of Terra's story.
39.5%
Rare 49.50%
Uncommon
Encounters
Clear the Badlands episode of Ventus's story.
46.9%
Rare 52.76%
Common
A Moment of Rest
Clear the Disney Town episode of Ventus's story.
41.5%
Rare 48.79%
Uncommon
A Friend in Need
Clear the Mysterious Tower episode of Ventus's story.
37.7%
Rare 45.80%
Uncommon
Drifting Apart
Clear the Radiant Garden episode of Aqua's story.
36.3%
Rare 44.71%
Uncommon
Hopeful Hearts
Clear the Destiny Islands episode of Aqua's story.
31.0%
Rare 40.82%
Uncommon
Pawn of the Arena
Complete all one-star missions in the Mirage Arena.
15.7%
Rare 25.33%
Uncommon
Knight of the Arena
Complete all two-star missions in the Mirage Arena.
20.9%
Rare 31.62%
Uncommon
Queen of the Arena
Complete all three-star missions in the Mirage Arena.
11.8%
Very Rare 21.34%
Uncommon
King of the Arena
Complete all four-star missions in the Mirage Arena.
6.4%
Very Rare 14.41%
Rare
Keepers of the Arena
Win the Keepers of the Arena battle in the Mirage Arena.
7.0%
Very Rare 15.28%
Rare
Adele Marie Crouch of Creations by Crouch L.L.C., is producing bilingual books to assist people in learning new languages, and to help revitalize endangered languages by promoting literacy. Adele's children's books have become popular with English as a second language students and foreign language students all over the world, and are on the top 10 list of ESL study material on Amazon.
They currently have translators for the following languages: Apache, Chinese, French, German, Greek, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, Tagalog, and Vietnamese. If you speak and write a Native American language, and would like to help with translating a children's book into your language, please contact Adele at: Adele@creationsbycrouch.com
Translators receive payment for their translations, a by-line on the front of the book, and a contact link on the website.
A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Brussels May 30, 2014. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc has acquired the maker of a high-tech spoon that helps people suffering from neurodegenerative tremors to eat, the Internet company's latest foray into the healthcare and biotechnology market.
The company is joining the Google[x] division, which focuses on projects such as self-driving cars and drones and which has a Life Sciences group, Google said on Wednesday.
Google did not say how much it paid for Lift Labs.
Lift's tremor cancellation spoon, which costs $295, will continue to be available for sale, Lift said on its website on Wednesday. A sensor-packed handle on the spoon detects the hand tremors that afflict people with Parkinson's disease and Essential Tremor, and uses technology to stabilize itself.
Google said in a post on its Google+ service on Wednesday that it would also explore how Lift's technology “could be used in other ways to improve the understanding and management of neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson's disease and essential tremor.”
Google co-founder Sergey Brin has said that they have a higher-than-average chance of contracting Parkinson's disease, which afflicted their mother.
Google, the world's No. 1 Internet search engine, has increasingly expanded into health-related services. Earlier this year Google said it was testing a special contact lens for diabetics that is capable of monitoring blood-sugar levels, and in 2013 Google created a separate company, Calico, which develops technologies to tackle health issues related to aging.
Last week, my good friend Jackson Safon, a student at USC, asked me for my take on Trojan redshirt sophomore quarterback Sam Darnold. I told them that one of the most interesting things about their evaluation is the fact that during last regular season, they only started three games against Power Five bowl teams. Against Power Five bowl teams last regular season, they threw just five touchdowns and four interceptions.
For the most part, Darnold was beating up non-bowl teams before their five-touchdown Rose Bowl game against Penn State that elevated their draft stock to the point where the USC quarterback has to answer questions about the New York Jets possibly tanking to land him. To be fair, I didn't know what those numbers meant. I just thought the split of 21 touchdowns and four interceptions against non-bowl opponents last regular season compared to 5 touchdowns and four interceptions against bowl opponents was interesting.
The Pac 12 had a notably down year last season, sending just 6 of their 12 teams to bowl games. To put that into perspective, the SEC sent 12 of 14, the ACC sent 11 of 14 and the Big 10 sent 10 of 14.
There was only one way to see if Darnold's hype was inflated by that split: Making a model and testing to see the bowl opponent splits for major college football.
Goal: Figure out how college football quarterbacks stacked up relatively against Power Five bowl opponents.
Method:
I found the AY/A of every starting quarterback in Power Five football for the 2017 season. This list from Athlon is what I considered to be the deciding factor on if a passer is or isn't a projected starter. As a big believer in ANY/A, I would have used ANY/A if possible. The problem is that finding sack yardage in college football in individual games is incredibly time-consuming. Once I got those numbers, I figured out what the expected AY/A of a starting quarterback in major college football was against bowl opponents. From there, I compared “expected” to real life production numbers. That gave us a sense of if Darnold, and the other 65 starting quarterbacks in the Power Five, was significantly above or below average. I didn't just compare efficiency. I compared efficiency through the lens of volume. I didn't want some passer who threw one pass for 40 yards to be the top quarterback on this list. To fight that, I multiplied “expected” AY/A by the number of attempts a passer threw and subtracted that from their AY/A total points (AY/A multiplied by the number of attempts.) That gave me the number of how many yards above “expected” a quarterback was worth against Power Five opponents for the entire season.
Here are the results:
Name Attempts Yards Touchdowns Interceptions AY/A School Vs Expected Total 7048 49985 308 190 6.75 6.73 Baker Mayfield 152 1603 15 5 11.04 Oklahoma 655.09 Trace McSorley 224 2050 14 4 9.6 Penn State 642.55 Mason Rudolph 224 1942 11 3 9.05 Oklahoma State 519.55 Lamar Jackson 166 1523 12 6 8.99 Louisville 375.87 Deondre Francois 242 1963 10 4 8.19 Florida State 354.41 Jake Browning 130 1065 11 3 8.85 Washington 275.14 Sam Darnold 111 972 5 4 8.04 USC 145 Shane Buechele 201 1533 9 5 7.4 Texas 135.33 Austin Allen 206 1634 10 7 7.37 Arkansas 132.68 Jalen Hurts 188 1500 12 8 7.34 Alabama 114.82 Danny Etling 120 895 3 1 7.58 LSU 102.44 J.T. Barrett 242 1606 13 3 7.15 Ohio State 102.41 Blake Barnett 6 100 1 0 20 Arizona State 79.62 Justin Herbert 145 1009 8 3 7.13 Oregon 58.19 Wilton Speight 182 1321 7 4 7.04 Michigan 56.19 Daniel Jones 329 2181 11 3 6.89 Duke 51.93 Kenny Hill 199 1436 9 5 6.99 TCU 51.79 Josh Rosen 113 898 4 4 7.06 UCLA 37.54 Shea Patterson 84 560 4 1 7.08 Mississippi 29.71 Matthew Jordan 9 111 1 1 9.56 Georgia Tech 25.43 Nic Shimonek 6 40 1 0 10 Texas Tech 19.62 Chayce Crouch 1 13 0 0 13 Illinois 6.27 Jacob Park 150 1094 5 4 6.76 Iowa State 4.54 Conor Rhoda 15 82 1 0 6.8 Minnesota 1.05 Brian Lewerke 57 381 2 1 6.6 Michigan State -7.59 Jacob Eason 219 1452 8 4 6.54 Georgia -41.8 Eric Dungey 176 1204 7 5 6.36 Syracuse -65.43 Darius Wade 7 24 0 1 -3 Boston College -68.11 Zach Smith 92 646 6 5 5.88 Baylor -78.13 Brandon Harris 21 131 1 2 2.9 North Carolina -80.32 Keller Chryst 15 57 0 1 0.8 Stanford -88.95 Jake Bentley 70 421 2 2 5.3 South Carolina -100.08 Clayton Thorson 249 1507 10 3 6.31 Northwestern -103.7 Drew Lock 321 2266 11 10 6.34 Missouri -124.23 Luke Falk 144 951 8 6 5.84 Washington State -128.08 Max Browne 57 292 0 1 4.33 Pittsburgh -136.59 Brandon Dawkins 90 634 3 5 5.21 Arizona -136.67 Giovanni Rescigno 129 729 4 2 5.57 Rutgers -149.13 Ryan Finley 251 1739 8 8 6.13 North Carolina State -150.15 Richard Lagow 260 1881 8 10 6.12 Indiana -158.72 Steven Montez 59 257 1 1 3.93 Colorado -165.05 Troy Williams 128 787 6 5 5.33 Utah -179.4 Jesse Ertz 142 864 2 3 5.42 Kansas State -186.62 Kyle Shurmur 190 1191 4 4 5.74 Vanderbilt -187.64 Drew Barker 10 10 0 3 -12.5 Kentucky -192.3 Alex Hornibrook 115 691 3 5 4.57 Wisconsin -247.92 Nick Fitzgerald 241 1456 10 8 5.38 Mississippi State -325.86 David Blough 353 2186 19 12 5.74 Purdue -349.58 Kurt Benkert 207 1097 8 5 4.99 Virginia -361.05 Kelly Bryant 0 0 0 0 0 Clemson NA Josh Jackson 0 0 0 0 0 Virginia Tech NA Malik Rosier 0 0 0 0 0 Miami NA Kendall Hinton 0 0 0 0 0 Wake Forest NA Jake Luton 0 0 0 0 0 Oregon State NA Chase Forrest 0 0 0 0 0 California NA Will Grier 0 0 0 0 0 West Virginia NA Peyton Bender 0 0 0 0 0 Kansas NA Tanner Lee 0 0 0 0 0 Nebraska NA Nathan Stanley 0 0 0 0 0 Iowa NA Caleb Henderson 0 0 0 0 0 Maryland NA Jarrett Stidham 0 0 0 0 0 Auburn NA Jarrett Guarantano 0 0 0 0 0 Tennessee NA Feleipe Franks 0 0 0 0 0 Florida NA Kellen Mond 0 0 0 0 0 Texas A&M NA Brandon Wimbush 0 0 0 0 0 Notre Dame NA Tanner Mangum 0 0 0 0 0 BYU NA
It turned out that despite Darnold's touchdown-interception ratio, they were still a very efficient passer in their limited reps against Power Five bowl opponents. They finished seventh out of 66 quarterbacks (including Notre Dame and BYU) in yards above “expected” quarterback play in this data set.
What then became interesting to me was that so many shorter quarterbacks, by NFL standards at least, were so high on the list. Right now, there are only three starting quarterbacks under 6'2″-flat in the league. Those quarterbacks are Russell Wilson, who held the FBS' passing efficiency record until Baker Mayfield broke it last season, Drew Brees, who broke virtually every Big Ten passing record after having to leave Texas to play major college football, and Tyrod Taylor, who had to wait until Year 5 of their NFL career to battle (and win) in their first legitimate quarterback competition. Wilson was a third-round pick. Brees was a second-round pick. Taylor was a sixth-round pick.
The NFL doesn't like small guys. If you look at efficiency numbers in college football year-to-year, the 6'2″ or taller quarterbacks, who are efficient, usually end up getting drafted in the first five rounds of the draft. The efficient quarterbacks under 6'2″ end up going late on Day 2 of the draft at the earliest.
If we're going to be honest with ourselves, we should probably acknowledge the NFL's bias against short quarterbacks if we're trying to project what NFL organizations will do next April. With that in mind, let's cut loose the players who are under 6'2″ on NFL Draft Scout. As much as I like Mayfield and Lamar Jackson, it's pretty clear that they aren't going to be talked about by anonymous scouts in the same way that Darnold already is.
Let's also cut loose players who finished with an AY/A worse than 6.73, the “expected” number for a Power Five quarterback against a Power Five bowl team.
Here are the results:
Name Attempts Yards Touchdowns Interceptions AY/A School Vs Expected Mason Rudolph 224 1942 11 3 9.05 Oklahoma State 519.55 Sam Darnold 111 972 5 4 8.04 USC 145 Justin Herbert 145 1009 8 3 7.13 Oregon 58.19 Wilton Speight 182 1321 7 4 7.04 Michigan 56.19 Daniel Jones 329 2181 11 3 6.89 Duke 51.93 Josh Rosen 113 898 4 4 7.06 UCLA 37.54 Jacob Park 150 1094 5 4 6.76 Iowa State 4.54
It turns out that if you filter quarterbacks by 1) big school, 2) height and 3) performance against other big schools, you get a list of quarterbacks that the media will argue about in August. Of the six quarterbacks who check off those three boxes and are worth more than a handful of yards above expectation against quality opponents, three are four of the highest-valued college quarterback prospects at the moment, and the other three were molded by highly-regarded coaches.
Mason Rudolph, Darnold and Josh Rosen are three of the four highest-mocked quarterbacks heading into the 2017 regular season. The fourth, Josh Allen, plays Group of Five football for Wyoming. Justin Herbert played under Mark Helfrich, who was Heisman Trophy winner and second overall pick Marcus Mariota's positional coach, coordinator and head coach at Oregon. Wilton Speight is playing under Jim Harbaugh, a former NFL quarterback and a head coach who molded the likes of Andrew Luck, Colin Kaepernick and Alex Smith. Daniel Jones is playing under David Cutcliffe, who turned Peyton Manning into a first overall pick during their stint at Tennessee as their positional coach and coordinator and also made Eli Manning into a first overall pick during their stint at Mississippi as their head coach.
Conclusion: If you're looking for a tall quarterback from a big school who did well against big school competition, Sam Darnold isn't a player who is inflated by a small sample size and their overlooked propensity to turn the ball over. The only quarterback who comes close to them is senior Mason Rudolph, who blew them out of the water. What is clear is that by setting the parameters that the NFL seems to set, you get a small pool of quarterbacks to choose from with a lot of common names in the group.
Follow Justis Mosqueda and Setting the Edge on Twitter. Subscribe to the Setting the Edge newsletter.
The poll was conducted among 1,603 people aged over 18 in 130 towns in 45 Russian regions on March 7-10.
In the first two weeks of March Putin's approval rating rose by 3% in
comparison with Feb. when this indicator was at 69% (65% in
Jan.).
Twenty-five percent of respondents are discontent with the
president's job performance (against 30% in Feb. and 34% in
Jan.), according to the poll.
Fifty-nine percent of respondents approve of Prime Minister Dmitry
Medvedev's job performance (against 54% in Feb. and 48% in Jan.),
and 38% disapprove (45% in Feb. 51% in Jan.).
Overall, today the country is heading in the right direction, said 51% of respondents; 30% disagreed, and 18% could not answer.
The respondents were also asked to answer who they would like to see
as Russian president after the 2018 election. Thirty-two percent named
Putin (26% in April 2013); 22% said “a different person who would
continue Putin's policies” (14% a year ago). Thirty-one percent want to
see as their president “a person who would offer a different solution to
Russia's problem” (41% a year ago).
Fifteen percent could not answer this question.
One prominent campaign finance reformer is out to curb the influence of Super PACs on politics. How? By starting a Super PAC of their own, of course.
Lawrence Lessig's plan may make for some cheap headlines about hypocrisy. But judging from the response from donors, the idea isn't nearly as crazy as it sounds.
Lessig, a Harvard professor, technology theorist and longtime advocate of getting big money out of politics, launched their “super PAC to end all super PACs,” which they named Mayday PAC, on May Day. Just over two months later, Lessig announced in an online letter to supporters that Mayday had reached its goal of $6 million for the period, through nearly 50,000 supporters. That money will be matched by a stable of wealthy donors—their identities haven't yet been revealed—for a $12 million total.
“The pundits say ‘America doesn't care about this issue,'” Lessig wrote in their letter. “This is America caring. And this is America demanding something more.”
“The pundits say ‘America doesn't care about this issue.' This is America caring. And this is America demanding something more.” Lawrence Lessig, Mayday PAC Founder has said, was to pave the way for super PACs to dominate election campaigns by acting as vehicles for massive contributions from corporations and wealthy individuals.
Of course, to the kind of established super PAC that Lessig is looking to take on, $12 million is pocket-change. In 2012, Karl Rove's American Crossroads and an affiliated non-profit spent over $175 million. But the Mayday PAC aims to make a relatively small amount go a long way by targeting five House races this year, in support of candidates who share its goal of “fundamentally chang[ing] how campaigns are funded.” The idea is to use those races to demonstrate that reducing the influence of big money in politics is a voting issue for many Americans—something many Beltway pundits, to Lessig's frustration, don't believe.
Lessig has stressed that the group is non-partisan, and its rhetoric calls out the corrupting influence of money on both parties. Still, given the difficulty of finding Republicans who are willing to commit to genuine campaign finance reform, it seems likely that Mayday would mostly support Democrats.
Once it has helped to bring lawmakers around, Mayday will push for legislation that would incentivize candidates to raise small-dollar donations by offering matching public funds. (New York City, whose mayor, Bill DeBlasio, was elected last year after running a campaign that relied heavily on small donors, uses a similar system.)
“By 2016, we're going to elect a Congress that will fundamentally change how campaigns are funded,” Lessig told supporters. “You have guaranteed it.”
Several bills that establish public financing for elections, or take other approaches to encourage small donations, are currently stalled in Congress.
Meanwhile, Senate Democrats are pursuing a different strategy on the issue—one that may be more about election-year messaging. They've introduced a proposed constitutional amendment that would boost Congress's power to regulate political contributions, essentially overturning Citizens United.
Given Republican opposition, and the difficulty of amending the Constitution, few observers give the measure much chance of success.
After President Trump delivered their speech in Saudi Arabia, Sunday, which was carefully bereft of words like “radical Islamic terrorism”,” instead using more moderate terms like “Islamic terrorism,” Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif accused Trump of deliberately “milking” the Arabs for sealing an arms deal with the United States and other future investments.
In the same speech where Trump urged the Gulf nations to unite and fight against “terrorist and extremists,” they isolated out Iran for fuelling “the fires of sectarian conflict and terror.” They further added that it was Iran's regime that trained militants to “spread destruction and chaos.”
“It [Iran's] is a government that speaks openly of mass murder, vowing the destruction of Israel, death to America, and ruin for many leaders and nations in this room,” said Trump in their speech, Financial Times reported.
Read: How New President Of Iran Could Affect Diplomatic Relations With The US?
Iran and Saudi Arabia have shared a relationship based on allegations, conflicts and religious competitiveness. Hence, when Trump called Iran a Muslim nation which harbors terrorists and Islamic extremists, it did not go down well with the Iranian government, which re-elected its incumbent president earlier this week.
“Just when Iranians voted overwhelmingly for openness and engagement with the world, Trump clenched their fist and responded by calling for Iran's isolation,” said Trita Parsi, president of the National Iranian American Council.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is yet to comment on Trump's remarks. King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia, however, agreed with Trump's views on Iran, calling the nation a mutual enemy and a source of terrorism that they are required to fight against, Reuters reported.
Zarif further insinuated that the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center were carried out by the Saudi Arabia and hence, advised Trump to work out a deal with Riyadh to prevent such an attack from happening in the future, Reuters reported. "[Trump] must enter into dialogue with them about ways to prevent terrorists and takfiris from continuing to fuel the fire in the region and repeating the likes of the Sept. 11 incident by their sponsors in Western countries," Zarif wrote for the website of the London-based Al-Araby Al-Jadeed news network, as Reuters reported.
Even though most of the 19 hijackers who brought about the attack were Arabs, Saudi Arabia has maintained that their people did not have any role to play in the historically infamous attacks.
Incidentally, Trump too had mentioned during their campaigning days that they thought that Saudi Arabia was behind the 9/11 attacks.
"You will find out who really knocked down the World Trade Center because they have papers out there that are very secret. You may find it's the Saudis, okay, but you will find out,” they had said in a speech back in February 2016.
However, after they were sworn in as the president, they refrained from using harsh discourse against the Arabs, even choosing to exclude Saudi Arabia from the list of Muslim countries against which Trump's administration had planned to implement a travel ban.
During the president's recent visit, the U.S. and Saudi Arabia sealed deals of between $280 billion and $380 billion, including an arms deal, which is valued at $110 billion.
Addicted Prisoners Wait Years for Treatment
Federal prisons are full of drug offenders—more than 90,000 of them, according to a Government Accountability Office (GAO) report released this week. Yet only about a third of those prisoners— most of them low-level drug dealers, users and addicts—are receiving treatment to combat their addictions. "Its really tragic," one longtime federal prisoner tells The Fix. "The feds lock up all these crackheads and junkies and then don't even give them any programs to get them off drugs. Worse still, the one drug program they do have, RDAP, has all types of restrictions on who can get in, for what crime, etc. If you don't fit the specific criteria, you can't get in."
The waiting list for the Bureau of Prisons' Residential Drug Abuse Program, which allows successful participants to get up to a year off their sentences, is long—51,000 inmates long, according to the GAO report. "I have been in prison 15 years, waiting to get into the drug program," another prisoner tells us. "What they do is they run you right to the door. Like I wasn't even eligible to sign up until I was 36 months short [of release]. Now I have been on the RDAP unit for seven months and I'm still not in the program. They wait until you are 28 months short or less till they put you in. Then it takes nine months or so for the program and you get 12 months off and six months' halfway house—that's how it's supposed to work. But if I don't get in by next month the clock is ticking on my 12 months off."
Bureau of Prisons policies, and the way they're carried out, mean that drug addicts serving long sentences don't get treatment until right before they go home—despite the wide availability of drugs inside. "I've been doing drugs for 15 years in prison," the second prisoner says. "And now I have to get clean so I can complete the program and go home. It's not easy: I'm a drug addict." Prisoners who relapse or violate any prison rule or regulation are kicked out of RDAP. But usually these prisoners are the ones that need the program the most. Instead of helping long-term prisoners get treatment early, the BOP supports a system that enables drug use and only entices prisoners to quit much later. "Of course I want the year off," says the addicted prisoner. "Of course I want to go home. But I wish I didn't have to wait so long to get the treatment I need, so that I can go out and live a drug- and crime-free life and not come back to prison."
For the author also known as Sun Bear, see Sun Bear (author)
The sun bear (Helarctos malayanus) is a bear species occurring in tropical forest habitats of Southeast Asia. It is listed as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List. The global population is thought to have declined by more than 30% over the past three bear generations. Suitable habitat has been dramatically reduced due to the large-scale deforestation that has occurred throughout Southeast Asia over the past three decades.[1]
The sun bear is also known as the "honey bear", which refers to its voracious appetite for honeycombs and honey.[2] However, "honey bear" can also refer to a kinkajou, which is an unrelated member of the Procyonidae.
Characteristics
Sun bear skull
The sun bear's fur is usually jet-black, short, and sleek with some under-wool; some individual sun bears are reddish or gray.[3] Two whirls occur on the shoulders, from where the hair radiates in all directions. A crest is seen on the sides of the neck and a whorl occurs in the centre of the breast patch. Always, a more or less crescent-shaped pale patch is found on the breast that varies individually in colour ranging from buff, cream, or dirty white to ochreous. The skin is naked on the upper lip. The tongue is long and protrusible. The ears are small and round, broad at the base, and capable of very little movement. The front legs are somewhat bowed with the paws turned inwards, and the claws are cream.[4]
The sun bear is the smallest of the bear species. Adults are about 120–150 cm (47–59 in) long and weigh 27–80 kg (60–176 lb). Males are 10–20% larger than females. Their muzzles are short and light-coloured, and in most cases, the white area extends above the eyes. Their paws are large, and the soles are fur-less, which is thought to be an adaptation for climbing trees. Their claws are large, curved, and pointed.[3][5][6] The sun bear's claws are sickle-shaped; the front paw claws are long and heavy. The tail is 30–70 mm (1.2–2.8 in) long.[7]
During feeding, the sun bear can extend its exceptionally long tongue 20–25 cm (7.9–9.8 in) to extract insects and honey.[8] The sun bear's teeth are very large, especially canines, and high bite forces in relation to its body size, which are not well understood, but could be related to its frequent opening of tropical hardwood trees (with its powerful jaws and claws) in pursuit of insects, larvae, or honey.[9] The animal's entire head is also large, broad, and heavy in proportion to the body, and the palate is wide in proportion to the skull. The overall morphology of this bear (inward-turned front feet, ventrally flattened chest, powerful forelimbs with large claws) indicates adaptation for extensive climbing.[3]
Distribution and habitat
Sun bears are found in the tropical rainforest of Southeast Asia ranging from northeastern India, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand, Peninsular Malaysia, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam to southern Yunnan Province in China, and on the islands of Sumatra and Borneo in Indonesia. They now occur very patchily through much of their former range, and have been extirpated from many areas, especially in mainland Southeast Asia. Their current distribution in eastern Myanmar and most of Yunnan is unknown.[1] The bear's habitat is associated with tropical evergreen forests.[10]
Distribution of subspecies
The Malayan sun bear ( H. m. malayanus (Raffles, 1821)) occurs on the Asian mainland and Sumatra. [11]
( (Raffles, 1821)) occurs on the Asian mainland and Sumatra. The Bornean sun bear (H. m. euryspilus (Horsfield, 1825)) occurs only on the island of Borneo.[12]
Helarctos anmamiticus, described by Pierre Marie Heude in 1901 from Annam, is not considered a distinct species, but is subordinated (a junior synonym) to H. m. malayanus.[11]
Ecology and behavior
As sun bears occur in tropical regions with year-round available foods, they do not hibernate. Except for females with their offspring, they are usually solitary.[1] Male sun bears are primarily diurnal, but some are active at night for short periods. Bedding sites consist mainly of fallen hollow logs, but they also rest in standing trees with cavities, in cavities underneath fallen logs or tree roots, and in tree branches high above the ground.[13]
In captivity, they exhibit social behavior, and sleep mostly during the day.[14]
Sun bears are known as very fierce animals when surprised in the forest.[3]
Diet
A sun bear in Shanghai Zoo showing its powerful jaws
Bees, beehives, and honey are important food items of sun bears.[2] They are omnivores, feeding primarily on termites, ants, beetle larvae, bee larvae and a large variety of fruit species, especially figs when available. They have been observed eating fruits from the durian species Durio graveolens.[15] Occasionally, growth shoots of certain palms and some species of flowers are consumed, but otherwise vegetative matter appears rare in the diet. In the forests of Kalimantan, fruits of Moraceae, Burseraceae and Myrtaceae make up more than 50% of the fruit diet.[6] They are known to tear open trees with their long, sharp claws and teeth in search of wild bees and leave behind shattered tree trunks.[16]
Sun bear scats collected in a forest reserve in Sabah contained mainly invertebrates such as beetles and their larvae, termites, and ants, followed by fruits and vertebrates. They break open decayed wood in search of termites, beetle larvae, and earthworms, and use their claws and teeth to break the standing termite mound into a few pieces. They quickly lick and suck the contents from the exposed mound, and also hold pieces of the broken mound with their front paws, while licking the termites from the surface of the mound. They consume figs in large amounts and eat them whole. Vertebrates consumed comprise birds, eggs, reptiles, turtles, deer and several unidentified small vertebrates.[17] Hair or bone remains are rarely found in sun bear scat.[18]
They can crack open nuts with their powerful jaws. Much of their food must be detected using their keen sense of smell.[citation needed]
Reproduction
Females are observed to mate at about 3 years of age. During time of mating, the sun bear shows behaviours such as hugging, mock fighting, and head bobbing with its mate.
Gestation has been reported at 95 and 174 days. Litters consist of one or two cubs weighing about 280–325 g (9.9–11.5 oz) each.[5][19] Cubs are born blind and hairless. Initially, they are totally dependent on their mothers, and suckle for about 18 months. After one to three months, the young can run, play, and forage near their mothers. They reach sexual maturity after 3–4 years, and may live up to 30 years in captivity.[citation needed]
Threats
The two major threats to sun bears are habitat loss and commercial hunting. These threats are not evenly distributed throughout their range. In areas where deforestation is actively occurring, they are mainly threatened by the loss of forest habitat and forest degradation arising from clear-cutting for plantation development, unsustainable logging practices, illegal logging both within and outside protected areas, and forest fires.[1]
The main predator of sun bears throughout its range by far is man. Commercial poaching of bears for the wildlife trade is a considerable threat in most countries. During surveys in Kalimantan between 1994 and 1997, interviewees admitted to hunting sun bears and indicated that sun bear meat is eaten by indigenous people in several areas in Kalimantan. High consumption of bear parts was reported to occur where Japanese or Korean expatriate employees of timber companies created a temporary demand. Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) shops in Sarawak and Sabah offered sun bear gallbladders. Several confiscated sun bears indicated that live bears are also in demand for the pet trade.[20]
Sun bears are among the three primary bear species specifically targeted for the bear bile trade in Southeast Asia, and are kept in bear farms in Laos, Vietnam, and Myanmar. Bear bile products include raw bile sold in vials, gall bladder by the gram or in whole form, flakes, powder and pills. The commercial production of bear bile from bear farming has turned bile from a purely traditional medicinal ingredient to a commodity with bile now found in non-TCM products like cough drops, shampoo, and soft drinks.[21]
Tigers and other large cats are potential predators.[22] American Museum of Natural History naturalist and co-founder Albert S. Bickmore described a case in which a tiger-sun bear interaction resulted in a prolonged altercation and in the death of both animals.[23] A wild female sun bear was swallowed by a large reticulated python in a lowland dipterocarp forest in East Kalimantan. The python possibly had come across the sleeping bear. Other predators on mainland Southeast Asia and Sumatra could be the leopard and the clouded leopard, although the latter could be too small to kill an adult sun bear.[24]
Conservation
Helarctos malayanus has been listed on CITES Appendix I since 1979. Killing of sun bears is strictly prohibited under national wildlife protection laws throughout their range. However, little enforcement of these laws occurs.[1]
In captivity
The Malayan sun bear is part of an international captive-breeding program and has a Species Survival Plan under the Association of Zoos and Aquariums since late 1994.[19] Since that same year, the European breed registry for sun bears is kept in the Cologne Zoological Garden, Germany.[25]
Comprehensive research about sun bear conservation and rehabilitation is the mission of the Bornean Sun Bear Conservation Centre in Sandakan, Sabah, founded in 2008 by wildlife biologist Wong Siew Te.
Gallery
Malayan sun bear at the Columbus Zoo
A juvenile sun bear at the Bornean Sun Bear Conservation Centre, Malaysia
Three sun bears at the Medan old zoo in Jalan Brigjen Katamso, Medan, North Sumatra, Indonesia.
In the week of August 29 – September 2, “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” landed the top spot in the 11:35 p.m. time slot, despite dipping from a 0.82 to a 0.81 rating in adults 18-49. “Late Night with Seth Myers” also dropped on NBC from its previous 0.45 to a 0.42.
Meanwhile, “Jimmy Kimmel Live” managed to beat CBS' “Late Show with Stephen Colbert” this week with a 0.41, as the former fell from a 0.46 to a 0.39. “The Late Late Show with James Corden” also suffered a noticeable drop from a 0.28 to a 0.22, letting “Nightline” rise above it with a 0.27.
In cable, “Conan” ticked up to a 0.27, while “The Daily Show” ratings were all pre-empted.
Here are the late-night numbers for August 29 – September 2, 2016.
BROADCAST
Note: “Late Night,” “Jimmy Kimmel,” and “Late Late Show” all aired repeats on September 2, while “Late Night” also aired an encore on September 1. “Last Call” was pre-empted on September 1 and 2 as well.
Show Net Adults 18-49, 8/29- 9/2 Viewers (millions), 8/29- 9/2 Adults 18-49 season to date Viewers (millions) season to date 11:35 p.m. The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon NBC 0.81/5 3.14 0.99/5 3.62 Jimmy Kimmel Live ABC 0.41/2 1.89 0.53/3 2.30 Late Show with Stephen Colbert CBS 0.39/2 2.16 0.60/3 2.75 12:35 a.m. Late Night with Seth Myers NBC 0.42/3 1.41 0.45/3 1.54 Nightline ABC 0.27/2 1.25 0.36/2 1.51 Late Late Show with James Corden CBS 0.22/2 1.07 0.32/2 1.23 1:35 a.m. Last Call with Carson Daly – R NBC 0.26/2 0.75 0.27/2 0.86
CABLE
Show Net Time Adults 18-49, 8/29- 9/2 Viewers (millions), 8/29- 9/2 Adult Swim programming Adult Swim 11:30 p.m. 0.64 1.35 Adult Swim programming Adult Swim 12:30 a.m. 0.49 1.07 Conan TBS 11 p.m. 0.27 0.61 The Daily Show with Trevor Noah Comedy Central 11 p.m. Pre-Empted Pre-Empted
Source: The Nielsen Company
I've been flying gliders pretty consistently since I graduated from university. I learned to fly in high school as an Air Cadet but after university I joined a gliding club and my short flights in glorified kites started to look cooler, last longer and seed an addiction. Today I fly gliders cross-country and compete in glider competitions. That might not make any sense to many, but I promise it's awesome!
Flying an airplane without an engine for hundreds of kilometres isn't a skill you acquire overnight, but some of the skills required for success in the sky, help bigly when you're back on the ground.
1. Cut losses quickly
When success through your day depends on finding and exploiting invisible columns of rising air, picking the wrong columns or failing to adapt to changing weather could leave you struggling for hours, wasting the day, or having to land in a farmers field. Soaring requires you to constantly assess the situation and make decisions - agility and decisiveness. Most importantly, those decisions mean cutting losses and not tolerating merely satisfactory conditions while balancing the goals for the flight, pushing through adversity to make the most of the opportunity.
2. If you fall, get back up
I remember when I was just starting to fly cross-country, I'd waste so much time ensuring I had absolute confidence that I could stay aloft; but if you leave only when you're certain, you've already missed too much of the day to be competitive. One day, I wanted to leave earlier to be further on course as the weather improved. Within minutes of saying goodbye to my home airport I was low and had to start ‘scratching'. At around 1000' above ground, near some gravel pits and maybe gaining 35' every minute, you patiently fight an agonizing battle to avoid ‘landing out'. Over the 40 or so minutes it took me to “dig out” I had convinced myself that I shouldn't have left so early, that I wasn't good enough, that if I got out of this hole I'd fly right back home. I didn't fly home after I eventually dug out, I shifted back into attack mode. I had already faced my fear of landing out and I was prepared to do it if things came to that - now was no time to give up!
Gliding teaches you to get back up and respect each opportunity. It forces pilots to reassess and shift gears - to slow down, be humble and methodical in bad times, but to press on, push for distance, fly faster when things are good and to be able to regain an attack mentality even after you've been beaten down.
3. Stay Cool
I'd define staying cool as remaining calm during stressful times, when every ounce of your being wants to lash out and the highest determinant of success is slowing down, being cautions and humble. While soaring, the times you're likely to be most agitated are definitely when you need to be most aware - group flying, low saves, landing, etc. Getting ‘stuck low' is one of the most taxing aspects of soaring. If you were flying at 4000' above ground and find yourself only 1000' above ground you're dealing with air 7+ degrees (C) warmer, frustration, agony and stress. You have to fight for every foot of altitude and keep an eye on available fields to land in. If there's anything in soaring you want a shortcut for, it's digging out. If you do not remain composed, you'll miss something or fly sloppy and end up on the ground. Whereas, patience, humility and a bit of faith can regularly get you back to altitude and on your way again.
By staying calm in intense situations, you're more likely to achieve a better outcome, instil confidence and deliver your best effort.
4. Trust the science
I make an analogy between flying gliders cross-country and ice skating on a pond or lake. There is good science that supports soaring forecasts, just as ice of a given thickness will absolutely support your weight. Being able to step onto the lake takes a leap of faith and it may take some time before you're confident that the ice can fully support your weight. Once that realization sinks in, you start to really enjoy the thrill of skating across a frozen body of water!
With soaring, at some point you have to trust the science - that there is enough energy in the region to support you. That you're skillful enough to take advantage of it. And even if it isn't always smooth, you can trust that there will be another thermal. Just like your next customer or next opportunity.
If in life you worried about every stride on your skates, or worried that any tough moment was indicative of how things would always be, we would never accomplish anything. Trusting that the lows aren't forever, and knowing the same is true for highs helps create long term success over a day, opportunity, career or life.
5. Have Fun
Cross-country soaring is a constant battle with very literal highs and lows. It's a type of battle with a duration that can seem like an eternity through a low, but only in extreme circumstance does a day of gliding last beyond a sunset. Soaring provides a platform for self actualization, oneness with the elements, defying gravity and flying like an arrow at speeds regularly exceeding 200km/h. For me, even when I'm absolutely loving the flying, I know that challenges are ahead and I must keep my emotions in check. When I land at my destination, I am overwhelmed with endorphins, thinking back on what I'd seen, what I accomplished and who I can share the story with over a drink, a meal and quite regularly a camp fire.
The practice of navigating an object weighing more than 700lbs over hundreds of km with nothing but ingenuity and a bit of courage has lasting impacts on one's character. Soaring has helped me remain calm when professional circumstances escalate. I see colleagues hammer at any idea that might pop in their head while I am quick to cut losses and ensure the plans we execute are more fully vetted and likely to deliver success. Most valuable of all - for me anyway - is an ability to cherish beautiful moments. I see them when snowboarding, hiking or walking through the city, but nothing compares to the expansive beauty of seeing the world from above, as a bird does - silently, freely and at great speed!
I hope you have a personal passion that helps develop your character, for me that's soaring - a sport that provides tremendous opportunities within the sport itself and creates a strength of character that creates, manages and executes opportunities on the ground.
An organisation called Feed My Starving Children once held a volunteer event at my college. Feed My Starving Children relies on volunteers in the US to package meals that are sent to nearly 70 countries. This strategy—use labour from a high-wage country to pack food that is then shipped to far-flung regions of the world, at great cost and without improving regional agriculture—seems suboptimal. But the organisation, with a budget of $25.1 million and 92 new staff members hired in the most recent year, seems to be doing well.
This example illustrates one problem with volunteer labour: since volunteers are unpaid, charities have an incentive to recruit them as long as they contribute some value to the charity. In the case of Feed My Starving Children, not only are volunteers unpaid; they're a source of revenue. Feed My Starving Children don't recruit volunteers in the US for their adept food-handling skills or their convenient location: they recruit them to attract donations, which volunteers are encouraged to make.
Clearly, the effectiveness of a charity is a primary consideration in determining whether you should volunteer for it. But once you've found a highly effective charity that's recruiting volunteers, how do you know whether the work you're being asked to do is a good use of your time?
One way to get a handle on this problem is to ask the charity whether they would prefer that you complete a certain assignment or that you make a donation. When you find out the amount that you would have to give to the charity for them to be indifferent to whether they receive the donation or have the assignment completed, you have a good estimate of how much the assignment is worth to the charity. This information can help you decide whether to volunteer or donate. For example, if 80,000 Hours would rather have had this post than a donation equal to the value of the time I spent writing it, and they do, volunteering was the better choice—and vice versa.
This technique isn't perfect. It relies on the knowledge of somebody within the charity—somebody who might also lack a clear idea of what your work is worth. The person you ask might give you an artificially high estimate of the value of your work to avoid hurting your feelings. But somebody from the charity probably will have a better idea of how important the work is and how much it would cost to hire someone to do it. And if you make a charity choose between your money and your time, you are likely to get an honest answer that will help you decide what to do.
Another example of a organisation for which volunteers were a source of revenue was FORGE, which experienced a decline in donations when it reduced its reliance on volunteers.
80,000 Hours and Giving What We Can are looking for volunteers, and they'd love to have you help (though they might prefer your money). More volunteer opportunities are linked to on 80,000 Hour's job board. These organisations do assume that volunteers are more likely to get enthusiastic enough about their ideas to persuade friends and family to join. But they also have a lot of research and community-building tasks that relatively inexperienced volunteers can do very effectively, which makes volunteering for them much more effective than many other charities. And, as you can imagine, one of those research tasks is working out exactly how much value each volunteer contributes.
This is a guest post by Arthur Chu, an actor, comedian, sometime culture blogger and 11-time Jeopardy! champion.
It's a truism that the most openly vicious practitioners of any brand of oppression tend not to be the people at the very top level of privilege, but those in the second-to-last row, desperate for someone at the very bottom that they can feel better than. Read more stories from Ravishly's special Conversation series on men and feminism here . Have your own perspective to add? Email ravishly@ravishly.com It's a truism that the most openly vicious practitioners of any brand of oppression tend not to be the people at the very top level of privilege, but those in the second-to-last row, desperate for someone at the very bottom that they can feel better than.
And when it comes to gender, the men who make up that bottommost row of the male power pyramid are called “nerds,” and the culture they've created is what we call “nerd culture.”
I mean, what is a nerd in the classic sense? He's a guy who's either too fat or too skinny, but definitely not athletic. He's often hyperintelligent, but sometimes the opposite (Martin Prince and Ralph Wiggum on The Simpsons are arguably both archetypes of “nerds”), but mainly what they are is awkward and weak, lacking confidence, charisma, and command of the room.
They are, in other words, a man who fails at being a man.
Race comes into it too, as well as sexuality and class. After a lot of thinking, I've decided our use of “nerd” essentially comes from looking for a word to describe what it's like to be a straight white dude who isn't poor and yet, still has a life that kinda sucks . To paraphrase Martin Luther King, straight white middle-class dudes who are “nerds” are people who've been negatively judged on the content of their character.
All of these are woven into the DNA of "nerd culture,” such as it is. And as the world evolves and more and more women try to change the definition of “nerd” to something they can participate in, the backlash is getting frighteningly extreme
It's time for “nerds” to admit the things that make us “nerdy”—social exclusion, unusual interests, atypical learning development—don't erase the privileges we also have. That LGBTQ people, people of color, and, yes, women are all vulnerable to those things—and have to deal with a pile of other issues as well.
But if there's one thing we've learned this year it's that people get way more defensive of their privilege when they get to cast it as oppression . Angry nerds have built careers, epic narratives, a whole identity on being victims.
And they're not giving it up without a fight.
In case someone forgot to tell you, we're huge fans of John Carpenter, here at The Liberal Dead. In 2012, resident podcast expert Jeff Konopka, myself and several other guests, recorded a retrospective podcast series, examining all of carpenter's films. Already being fans of Carpenter, it was quite an experience to study their filmography. Being that the series was less about actually reviewing Carpenter's films, and more about studying the director's career as a whole, and how each film fits into their body of work. I wasn't able to appear on the episode of the series that covered Christine, but Jeff and TLD homeboy, Jesse Bartel did a fine job covering this part of JC's career.
Christine finally arrives on Blu Ray, courtesy of Twilight Time. I know that some of you will groan when you read that, as that means there is little to no chance that MOST of you will be able to procure a copy. The title was limited to 3000 copies, all of which were sold out shortly after the pre-order went live. This Blu Ray is going for around 200 dollars, at the lowest, currently on eBay. So, if you weren't one of the lucky ones that got their orders in on time, unless you're willing to shell out some major cash, this Blu Ray won't be finding itself on your shelf anytime soon. Screen Archives/Twilight Time were nice enough to send us over a copy of the disc for screening, and for that, I am eternally grateful, as this is now a genuine collector's item.
Christine is not my favorite John Carpenter film. I recognize it is one of their better films, and can certainly respect it for its place in Carpenter's career. It's also one of the best films about a killer automobile that you're ever going to see. But, for me, when compared to films such as Assault On Precinct 13, Escape From New York, and Big Trouble In Little China, Christine is at the bottom of that list of films. Personal biases aside, it is a competently crafted film, with solid performances, a good score, and a genuinely unique story. Carpenter has certainly done much worse, such as Memoirs of an Invisible Man, or Carpenter's segment of Body Bags. The good news is, even after all of this time, Christine is one of Carpenter's films that holds up quite well.
I realize that there was uproar over Twilight Time's release of the 1990 Tom Savini remake of Night of the Living Dead. Personally, I found that disc to be phenomenal. The changes that were made were approved by Savini, and enhanced the viewing of the film, in my opinion. If you skipped out on this release because of that, you have made a terrible mistake, because Christine looks outstanding in its 1080p presentation. The picture isn't plagued with excessive digital enhancement, the way some catalog titles have been in the past. Film grain is present, so the “it's too clear” argument that comes from some of you anti-blu ray nuts is null and void. The detail is crisp, and you will notice things on the screen that you've never noticed before. The dark scenes are grainy, as they should be, but still beautiful and detailed, and any scene that takes place during daylight is undeniably gorgeous.
The audio track on the disc is a fine DTS-HD MA 5.1 track. Being that the film was made in the early eighties, there's not a lot going on in the back channels, but it serves its purpose well, and sounds better than it ever has. All of the special features, including the commentary track with John Carpenter and Keith Gordon have been carried over. As with all Twilight Time releases, an isolated score track has been added to the disc. So, while there's nothing really new, in the way of extra features to entice you, it's good to see that the deleted scenes and such made the trip to the Blu. I would highly recommend, if you're lucky enough to find a copy for a price you can live with paying, that, if you're a fan of Christine, or a fan of John Carpenter, you pick this title up. I think Twilight Time generally has exclusive rights for three years, so it will be a while, if at all, before we see a wider release of this film on the format.
Movie:
(7/10)
Blu Ray:
(9/10)
In 1417 the sultan of Sulu, now part of the southern Philippines, sailed to China to pay tribute to Zhu Di, the third emperor of the Ming dynasty. After the sultan fell ill and died unexpectedly on their way home, the emperor built an elaborate tomb for them in Dezhou, in Shandong province. In recent years that tomb was restored—with financial help from a Chinese-Filipino business leader—and last month trade and cultural groups marked the voyage's 600th anniversary with a flurry of activities.
Their efforts to play up historic ties between the two nations come amid growing mistrust in the Philippines of the nation's ethnic Chinese, who comprise about 1% of the population but have an outsize influence over the economy. They are seen as midwives to China's economic expansion in the region, and a pivot to Beijing by president Rodrigo Duterte places even more opportunities within their reach. But the social inequality, coupled with ethnic distrust, could erode the decades of trust-building that makes their integration so different from the segregation experienced by ethnic Chinese in Indonesia and Malaysia—nearby nations that also received many of the immigrants who left China in the years prior to the start of communist rule in 1949.
Duterte, who is scheduled to hold bilateral talks with Chinese president Xi Jinping on Saturday (Nov. 11) in Vietnam, ushered in the thaw in relations between Beijing and Manila after taking office in mid-2016. Before then, the relationship was marked more by Philippine anger over China seizing control of reefs, shoals, and other features in the South China Sea claimed by both nations. Public indignation culminated in Manila opening a case against China's sweeping maritime claims before an international tribunal in the Hague, which ruled in favor of the Philippines in July 2016. But Beijing dismissed the ruling and has been busy fortifying artificial islands it's set atop reefs—some quite near the Philippines—complete with airstrips, barracks, and missile shelters.
Anti-China sentiment could turn into anti-Chinese sentiment
China's nine-dash line, with which it dubiously claims most of the sea, intersects with large portions of the Philippine exclusive economic zone, where it legally has sole rights to the natural resources in and below the water. Beijing favors joint exploration of oil and natural gas within the disputed waters, but in the Philippines that could translate to infringing on national sovereignty. Anti-China sentiment could turn into anti-Chinese sentiment.
Despite the win at the Hague, Duterte has kept the maritime dispute on the back burner, though this weekend he's expected to ask Xi for clarification on China's position and express concerns about militarization in the waterway. Their focus has instead been on boosting commercial links between the two nations. In October 2016, just four months into their term, they went on a four-day state visit to Beijing, announcing their “separation from the United States” and telling their hosts, “I've realigned myself in your ideological flow.” Although the business sector of the delegation had invited only two dozen delegates, hundreds of business people crashed the party. Among them were over a hundred members of the Federation of Filipino-Chinese Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
Upon their return to the Philippines, Mr. Duterte announced that they had scored $24 billion worth of deals. But it remains unclear how much of that is actual investment, and how much is loans to be funneled through the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the Bank of China. The interest rate on loans has not been disclosed, either. Alarmed observers soon warned that the Philippine national debt could balloon dramatically during Duterte's six-year term.
More recent Chinese migrants who arrived after 1990, known as the xinqiao, have been gaining notoriety in the news, largely because of perceived links to the illegal drugs flowing in from China. In September last year authorities raided a large methamphetamine lab masquerading as a pig farm north of Manila and arrested seven Chinese nationals linked to it. One Chinese business person was the subject of a senate inquiry last August as the recipient of about 600 kg (1,323 lbs) of meth shipped out of Xiamen, a coastal city in China. As of 2010 there were 61,372 registered Chinese nationals; many more are believed to be in the country illegally.
Chinese migrants also operate a vast network of illegal mining operations throughout the country, achieved in part by bribing local officials and using the loophole of the 1991 Small-Scale Mining Act, which was intended to help disenfranchised indigenous communities. Chinese mining companies operating in the country use the names of local mining groups to avoid attention. In 2012, 97% of the gold mined from the Philippines was carried offshore unregulated, most of it ending up in Hong Kong.
The older generations of Chinese-Filipinos, who now hold Philippine passports and speak fluent Tagalog and English, have been quick to distance themselves from the newer migrants. But the mainstream population is not always able to parse the difference. China's territorial aggression, as well as its economic expansion, have already resulted in widespread distrust of China. The Chinese-Filipinos are seen to be collaborators in China's incursion into the Philippine economy—and vice versa. Philippine investment in China is still greater than Chinese investment in the Philippines. The nostalgic allegiance of the overseas Chinese has been targeted by Xi, who spent 17 years of their government service in Fujian, where many of the migrants come from.
The task of regulation falls on the government. But the laws on foreign ownership are easily circumvented. The finance secretary recently announced that an upcoming constitutional amendment will further ease restrictions on foreign ownership. In the absence of enforceable regulation controlling capital flow, Chinese-Filipinos will have to seriously evaluate what the long-term consequences of their relations with China and Chinese businesses will be—and the tensions these may raise. Awareness must continue to be raised in order to differentiate the issues of territorial sovereignty, aggressive investment, and local Chinese dominance over the Philippine economy.
While the history of friendship between China and the Philippines since the sultan of Sulu sailed to China six centuries ago are worth celebrating, it must also be noted that the journey was that of a subservient vassal. In order for the Philippines to maintain its economic independence from China, the Chinese-Filipinos must remain clear-eyed in defending the interests of the country where they have made their home.
The capital and the south-east dominate the list of house prices versus earnings over the past two years
Welcome to London, where homes earn more than their owners
Homes have earned more than their homeowners for the past two years in one in five local authorities – almost exclusively in London and the south-east – according to analysis by Halifax.
What George Osborne did for Generation Rent Read more
The London borough of Hammersmith and Fulham has seen the biggest explosion in house prices relative to pay, Halifax said. Average prices there have gone up nearly £200,000 over the past two years, while households in the area have had median earnings totalling £56,698 over the same period.
Hammersmith is one of just two areas where houses have earned more than their occupants for the past 10 years. The other is Hackney, another London borough.
The figures reveal a deep north-south divide. Of the 73 local authority areas where homes have earned more than their owners over the past two years, 68 are in London, the south-east or the east. The Cotswolds and the Leicestershire areas of Melton and Harborough were the best “performers” outside of the south.
Islington in London tops the table for house prices versus earnings over five years. Householders in the borough typically earned £135,457 in the five years from 2010-2014. Meanwhile, the average home in Islington soared in price by £258,498.
Every one of the 23 local authority areas where homes outstripped homeowner incomes over the past five years were in London and the south-east.
House prices v earnings table: top 10 over past two years
Outside of the capital, Elmbridge and Mole Valley in Surrey, and South Buckinghamshire are areas where homes have earned more than their owners.
Halifax acknowledged that the huge house price gains have benefitted some, but left others struggling.
“This is good news for some homeowners. At the same time, it is challenging news for many looking to buy their first home in such areas, with prices being pushed out of range for many young people,” said Halifax housing economist Martin Ellis.
This is good news for some homeowners … [but] is challenging news for many looking to buy their first home in such areas
Even in parts of the capital with less salubrious reputations, house prices have earned far more than local wages. Brent, which encompasses Wembley Stadium and has been named as one of the worst areas in London for child poverty, came in the top 10 areas in the UK for house prices outstripping earnings. Over the past five years the median household in the borough earned £108,825, or little more than £21,000 a year, but the average house price in the borough has gone up by £156,731.
But recent data from the major indices tracking house prices show that much of the heat in the 2014 market has now dissipated. Halifax said house prices fell nationally by 0.3% in February, cutting the annualised growth figure to 8.3%. London was the only place in the UK where more surveyors reported price declines than increases in February, according to the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.
Separate figures from the Council of Mortgage Lenders show that loans advanced to first-time buyers tumbled again in January, while lending to landlords increased to new highs.
There were 19,000 loans advanced to first-time buyers during the month – down 27% on December's figure and by 14% compared to January 2014, the CML said. Meanwhile, there were 18,200 buy-to-let loans in January – up 6% on the previous month and up 12% on the same period in 2014.
If you were told that one of Australia's openers had spent six hours at the crease for 123 runs, painstakingly accumulated from 234 balls, with only seven boundaries, you would have complete confidence in declaring that the man in question would be Matt Renshaw. But you would be wrong. This was David Warner posting most un-Warner-like numbers in the first innings in Chittagong, where they put Australia into a strong position with two days to play.
This was Warner's 20th Test century - more than were made by Mark Taylor, or Michael Hussey, or Doug Walters, or Bill Lawry, or Ian Chappell, or Michael Slater, or Adam Gilchrist, all of whom played more Tests than Warner's current tally of 66. It was also the slowest a hundred of their Test career, completed from their 209th delivery, and in extreme heat. And their patience has brought Australia back into the series.
"You pretty much felt in from ball one with the fields that they set, they didn't really have any attacking men around the bat compared to last game," Warner said after the day's play. "It allowed me just to rotate the strike and not really have any need to leave your crease all the time.
"At the end of the day, they try and shut down the scoreboard. They try and cut your boundaries out and play that way, try and get you caught around the crease and obviously look for that lbw dismissal or bowled through the gate. If you can negate that and you can manipulate the field, you're going to be facing a lot of balls and you've got to be prepared to bat long periods of time."
It was also Warner's second consecutive century, after their fourth-innings 112 in Mirpur last week, which they described at the time as their best innings. But for sheer single-mindedness and adaptability from their usual verve, this hundred must also be up there. "I think from a patience point of view, definitely," Warner said. "I always talk about trying to bat long periods for time in these conditions and by far that's the hottest I've ever played in. It was quite challenging to be out there. Coming off yesterday, it was every minute that I was out there.
"We were out there for 100 overs the day before. A lot of credit has to go to the two fast bowlers as well. The amount of work that they've put in, I think they've both bowled 20 overs apiece in this heat. It takes someone with some good fitness to bowl through that, definitely."
Warner's productive tour has boosted their record in Asia - they arrived for this series with only one century from 26 previous Test innings on the continent. Now, Warner believes that they might finally have found a method that can bring them success in Asia more generally.
"It's a tough environment to come out and try to play your shots and play your natural game," they said. "You have to find a way and for me it's taken almost 16, 17 Tests in these conditions to work out what my game plan is and stick to it. As I said before, they play on your ego a little bit, they shut down your runs, they shut down your boundary options, and you've got to milk the ones.
"You've got to be prepared to bat time and you've got to have the fitness edge as well to do that. That's probably the thing that's going to keep motivating me more now to show to myself that I've done that, and now moving forward I can achieve the same success that I've had so far over here moving down the line."
Warner's innings helped Australia gain a 72-run lead by stumps on the third day, though with only one wicket in hand they will aim to bump that advantage up a little further on the fourth morning. There remains plenty of work if Australia are to achieve the victory needed to level the series 1-1, but the batting work led by Warner has at least given them hope.
"It's crucial that we try and put as many runs on the board as possible," they said. "I wouldn't say the wicket is deteriorating, there's a little bit of rough out there created from the bowlers. The middle of the wicket is still nice and true. But as the spinners do, they'll work out what they need to do and hit those rough areas."
Posted 03 November 2010 08:00 CET by wconeybeer
Gaining entry to some movie theaters lately gives patrons an experience that is on par with going through a TSA security checkpoint at the airport. Then once you've gained access, there are cameras strategically positioned that record your every move. Unfortunately, the extent to which these companies monitor movie-goers is only going to get worse.
In an effort to further combat piracy, some cinemas have incorporated the use of an infrared scanning system that detects recording devices in the audience and if detected, sounds an alarm to alert management. Now the company that offers those services, Aralia Systems, is working to enhance the system by incorporating technology which will scan and read the audiences' physical expressions and emotions.
Aralia Systems is teaming up with Machine Vision Lab of the University of the West of England to develop the technology to turn their anti-piracy devices into a dual-purpose system that will gather data about how the crowd reacts to what they're seeing at any particular moment.
“Within the cinema industry this tool will feed powerful marketing data that will inform film directors, cinema advertisers and cinemas with useful data about what audiences enjoy and what adverts capture the most attention. By measuring emotion and movement film companies and cinema advertising agencies can learn so much from their audiences that will help to inform creativity and strategy,” Dr. Abdul Farooq from Machine Vision Lab told TorrentFreak.
Personally, I'm growing tired of everything that I do being monitored for the benefit of some company's marketing research. With the increasing digitization of media along with the use of social networking, it's becoming more difficult to escape the intense data mining that seems to be everywhere you turn. Now, rather than using sales numbers, the movie industry wants to scan our physical reactions too? The idea seems overly invasive to me, and I wonder just how much the data would allow the industry to improve the experience, if at all.
What do you think? Is monitoring audience reactions going too far?
Maybe you've got a lawn mower in your garage. Maybe you've got aquariums. Maybe you've got two hospital beds, a grandfather clock, an inflatable pool, and a washing machine filled with pennies.
Calvin Johnson, co-founder of K Records and member of Beat Happening, has cassettes in their garage. Or, they had cassettes in their garage. Cassettes that had been out-of-print or otherwise impossible to find for years. Black Candy by Beat Happening. Avalanche by Some Velvet Sidewalk. Jarred Up by Mecca Normal. God Make No Junk by The Halo Benders. And a whole bunch of others, all of which you can purchase here.
Now, do you know where your old Walkman is? Somewhere in your garage? Inside a broken refrigerator or maybe at the bottom of an aquarium?
• K: http://krecs.com
[Photo via Flickr]
Israel kills Hamas leader and their family with one-tonne bomb BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Israel killed a Hamas strongman yesterday by dropping a one-tonne bomb on their house, also killing two of their wives and four of their children. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/israel-kills-hamas-leader-and-his-family-with-onetonne-bomb-28461480.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/migration_catalog/article25636797.ece/c4253/AUTOCROP/h342/hamas-leader
Email
Israel killed a Hamas strongman yesterday by dropping a one-tonne bomb on their house, also killing two of their wives and four of their children.
This first assault on the top leadership of Gaza's ruling group escalated a crushing aerial offensive as Israel declared itself ready to launch a ground invasion.
"We are trying to hit everybody who is a leader of the organisation, and today we hit one of their leaders," said Israeli vice-prime minister Haim Ramon.
Medics say a total of 13 members of Rayyan's family were killed by the airstrike on the residential neighbourhood.
A Hamas official said: "The blood of Sheikh Nizar Rayyan and the blood of other martyrs will never be wasted and the enemy will pay a heavy price for the crimes it has committed."
Thousands of soldiers were massed along the border with Gaza yesterday, backed by tanks and artillery.
While turning up the heat on the battlefield, Israel appeared to be sounding out a possible diplomatic exit from its campaign, demanding international monitors as a key term of any future truce.
In mounting the campaign last Saturday, Israel made it clear no one in Hamas was immune, and the air attack that flattened the four-storey apartment building in the northern town of Jebaliya where Nizar Rayan lived drove that message home.
Hamas leaders went into hiding before Israel launched its operation, but Rayan was known for openly defying Israel, and the army said they had a tunnel under their house that could serve as an escape route. Rayan (49) ranked among Hamas' top five decision-makers.
A professor of Islamic law, they were known for their close ties to the group's military wing and was respected in Gaza for personally participating in clashes against Israeli forces.
At least 420 people have been killed and 2,100 injured since Israel's aerial bombardment of the Gaza strip began six days ago.
Belfast Telegraph
Kraken, a San Francisco-based digital asset exchange, announced that it will offer support for trading new currency Melon tokens (MLN).
According to the announcement, MLN/XBT (melon-bitcoin) and MLN/ETH (melon-ether) pairs will be available for trading in Kraken with the possible addition of MLN margin trading in the future.
Melon is built on Ethereum network and acts as a protocol for managing digital assets, which are decentralized, low cost, transparently auditable and modular.
“MLN tokens cover the platform usage fee and are used to reward developers who build Melon modules,” the release stated.
In order to deposit MLN in Kraken account, users have to go to ‘funding', choose ‘deposit' and then click on ‘generate new address.' They can then send MLN to this deposit address with any Ethereum wallet or client that supports tokens, like Parity or Mist.
Melonport, the company behind Melon, Melon had a successful Initial Coin Offering (ICO) that saw target hitting 227,000 ETH, within 10 minutes.
The Chicago Blackhawks announced today the upcoming release of their 2015 Stanley Cup championship movie and book. The 240-page hardcover book “One Goal III: The Inside Story of the 2015 Stanley Cup Champion Chicago Blackhawks” will go on sale Tuesday, Nov. 10, followed by “Hat Trick” on DVD and Blu-ray on Tuesday, Nov. 17.
Produced by Blackhawks TV and Banner Collective, the makers of “17 Seconds,” “Hat Trick” takes viewers onto the ice and inside the locker room following the historic Game 6 win over the Tampa Bay Lightning at the United Center, which delivered the Blackhawks and their fans the club's first Stanley Cup-clinching victory at home since 1938. The 65-minute feature allows viewers to relive the championship parade and rally at Soldier Field, before following the Cup on its journey across the world with never-before-seen footage. The Blu-ray version will include bonus footage of the banner raising ceremony, player Cup day bloopers and more.
“Chicago Blackhawks fans deserve a unique and meaningful way to relive the celebration that occurred in Chicago and around the world,” said President & CEO John McDonough. “We believe ‘Hat Trick' and ‘One Goal III' will offer the ultimate chronicle of the franchise's third championship in six seasons.”
"The team at Banner went deeper with the production of ‘Hat Trick,' not just recapping the thrilling events surrounding the 2015 Stanley Cup championship, but highlighting the distinct story lines that weaved through the team and led to their success,” said Danny Wirtz, President & CEO of Wirtz Beverage Group. “The unique vantage point in Europe with this film showcases the NHL's appeal abroad and the international explosion of the Blackhawks brand.”
Blackhawks Publishing's “One Goal III” features behind-the-scenes photography and essays by Team Historian Bob Verdi and Blackhawks broadcasters and staff, in addition to a foreword written by Chairman Rocky Wirtz and a preface by President & CEO John McDonough. The book will also include a Stanley Cup Final replica ticket, Blackhawks championship belt magnet, postseason social media collage poster, collectible in-motion player cards, a replica 2015 Stanley Cup champions banner and a Blackhawks TV DVD with player Cup day features and more.
Both items will be available for purchase at all Blackhawks Store locations and via Shop.NHL.com. “Hat Trick” will also be sold at Chicagoland Jewel-Osco locations beginning Friday, Nov. 20. Jewel-Osco will donate all profits from sales of the DVD and Blu-ray to Chicago Blackhawks Charities. For more information, please visit Jewel-Osco.com.
“Jewel-Osco is proud to be the exclusive retail partner selling ‘Hat Trick.' We are equally honored to be donating all of the profits from the DVD and Blu-ray sales to Blackhawks Charities,” said Jewel-Osco Vice President of Marketing and Merchandising Doug Cygan.
ABOUT BANNER COLLECTIVE
Banner Collective is a creative video production company. Founded in February 2013, Banner Collective assists clients from ideation to post-production under a single roof using its unique model, which promotes creativity and an enjoyable production process for their clients. While continuing to produce the popular Blackhawks TV content, other clients since their inception include CareerBuilder, Vienna Beef and Wilson Sporting Goods. Banner Collective has won numerous local Emmys and ProMax Marketing awards in a variety of categories including cinematography, writing, editing and excellence in original sports programming. For more information, visit www.bannercollective.com.
ABOUT BLACKHAWKS PUBLISHING
Blackhawks Publishing was launched in 2010 and produced the bestsellers “One Goal Achieved: The Inside Story of the 2010 Stanley Cup Champion Chicago Blackhawks” and “One Goal II: The Inside Story of the 2013 Stanley Cup Champion Chicago Blackhawks,” which won the gold prize for Best Gift Book at the 2014 Independent Book Publishers Association Benjamin Franklin Awards.
This artwork was for a paper mini, which is why there's not much perspective.I wanted a female fighter in a suit of armour that was fairly realistic. Being an elf, I also wanted the armour to be somewhat exotic, but I did want to avoid the common tropes and cliches seen in other popular andrecent elven armour designs. The other element was the sword. It's quite popular to arm elves with fancy guardless katanas, and that's definitely something that I did not want to do here. Instead she's wielding a more elegant scimitar-like design with a swept hilt like a rapier. Initially I wanted to go for an action pose for her, but after a few variations I decided I prefered them calmly standing and ready for a fight instead.You can see the paper mini in action here:The paper mini is part of this set: www.rpgnow.com/product/181111/…
A timely comic book series is being developed as a scripted television series by IDW Entertainment.
Darkness Visible, created by Mike Carey and Arvind Ethan David is published by IDW Publishing, the same home of the fantasy comic Locke & Key. The latter is also being developed for television with IDW and Hulu.
Darkness Visible, which began release earlier this year, “takes place in a world in which demons helped the Allied powers win World War 2, and humanity has reluctantly agreed to share the world with another sentient race. Sixty years later, this uneasy co-existence has spawned an endless terrorist conflict. Detective Daniel Aston, charged with being the thin blue line between the two sides, is tested to the limit when a demon sets up house inside their soul. Darkness Visible is both a supernatural thriller and a meditation on race, immigration, terrorism and politics in a world radically different, but also scarily similar to our own."
As a diverse comic, the television series adaptation will certainly cast a number of black actors, including one for the lead role of Detective Daniel Aston, as well as their young daughter, Maggie, who we assume would have a pivotal role.
“Darkness Visible was an opportunity to create a supernatural thriller with a razor-sharp political edge. And it's only become more topical since Arvind and I first dreamed it up. Now, working with professionals who know and care about story, I'm very excited to bring Darkness Visible to the screen and look forward to working with IDW, Intrepid Pictures and my good friends at Ideate Media," said Carey.
No word on which streamer could possibly pick up the show, but it wouldn't be a stretch to see it on Hulu with Locke & Key, depending on its success.
H/T: Deadline
NEWTON -- A man who's accused of a 2014 murder in Florida will head back to the Sunshine State to face the charge, New Jersey Herald reported.
Jason M. Hiler, Jr., 26, of Deland, Fla., was arrested on March 23 after detectives with the Indian River County Sheriff's Office traced their whereabouts back to Sussex County, the newspaper reported. Hiler is one of two men who police have linked to the murder of Kevin Howe, 30, of Wabasso, Fla., at a Hampton Inn in Vero Beach, Fla. on July 27, 2014.
Hiler, who has family in Newton, will head back to Florida after they agreed on Tuesday to waive their right to an extradition hearing, the newspaper reported. He's currently being held without bond in the Keogh-Dwyer Correctional Facility pending their return to the Sunshine State.
According to VeroNews.com, Hiler allegedly made incriminating statements to detectives after their arrest on March 23, resulting in the arrest of another man. Javon Roberts, 22, of Sanford, Fla., was arrested after the detectives returned to Florida.
Roberts, in turn, made statements to police that placed them at the scene of the murder, the news website reported.
Authorities haven't commented as to the motive, but they have said more than $5,000 in cash, more than 100 grams of crack cocaine, more than 200 grams of MDMA and guns were found in the hotel room.
As reported by TCPalm.com, Howe's girlfriend was asleep in the hotel room and woke up after hearing the gunshot at about 6:30 a.m. They found Howe bleeding from the head with a gunshot wound and two men running from the room.
Howe was taken to a local hospital where they died four days later.
Hiler and Roberts were developed as suspects following an investigation that required DNA testing, fingerprint analysis, surveillance video, cellphone records and lots of travel by investigators, according to the news website.
However, it was key pieces of evidence -- a Styrofoam cup from a Kangaroo Express convenience store and a bottle of vodka -- that provided a break in the case. Hiler's DNA was found on the cup and Roberts' fingerprints were found on the bottle, according to the news website.
Justin Zaremba may be reached at jzaremba@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JustinZarembaNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Markel, a professor of medical history at the University of Michigan who has also done clinical work involving the treatment of addicts of all sorts, has instructive ways of explaining Freud's method of turning away from what they had by then realized were the deleterious consequences of drug use. “Most recovering addicts,” they write, “insist that two touchstones of a successful recovery are daily routines and rigorous accountability.” Around 1896, Freud began to follow a constant pattern of awakening before 7 each morning and filling every moment until the very late evening hours with the demands of their ever enlarging practice (he was soon seeing 12 or more patients per day), writing, lecturing, meeting with colleagues and ruminating over the theories they enunciated in such articulate literary style. Markel concludes: “It appears unlikely that Sigmund used cocaine after 1896, during the years when they mapped out and composed their best-known and most influential works, significantly enriched and revised the techniques of psychoanalysis and . . . attempted to ‘explain some of the great riddles of human existence.' ”
As Markel shows, the addiction of Freud's contemporary William Halsted played out very differently. Halsted was a consummately brilliant and flashy surgeon who had captained the Yale football team and then gone on to medical training in New York, where they soon established a reputation not only for their operative skills and speed but for the outgoing personality that distinguished them as a bon vivant and hail-fellow-well-met. In 1884, while working mainly at Bellevue Hospital, they and a small group of rising young doctors began to self-experiment with cocaine, in order to develop techniques that would permit surgery on the extremities and other areas whose nerve supply could be blocked by direct injection of the drug. Unaware of its dangerously addictive qualities, each of the young men gradually fell under its diabolical spell.
Photo
After several failed attempts to break their habit, including two long hospitalizations, Halsted was invited in 1888 to do laboratory research at the newly established Johns Hopkins Hospital, where their talents brought them an appointment two years later than chief of surgery. But those talents were of a different sort from the ones that had made their reputation in New York. The operating technique of the now reclusive surgeon had become meticulous to the point of painstaking slowness, characterized by minute attention to detail that enabled them to perceive the physiological characteristics of tissues and of wound healing that eluded their speedier, less observant colleagues. Working with single-minded patience, they developed a wide range of unique methods whose therapeutic results, abetted by the punctilious, biologically-based skills that became known as Halstedian technique, were remarkably improved over those reported by hospitals elsewhere. The cocaine habit that had resulted in their many peculiarities and their aversion to colleagues was now, with masterful self-control, being used in the service of theirs art.
Halsted had emerged from their hospitalizations a man completely changed in virtually every way. They married a favorite scrub nurse, Caroline Hampton. The couple had no children, lived on separate floors of an enormous town house in Baltimore and entertained reluctantly, but only after scrupulous — one might say obsessional — preparation.
Decades after Halsted's death in 1922, it emerged that they never did break their addiction, though it appears to have been at least partially transferred to morphine, which they used until the end of their life. Markel describes the “remarkably high-performing addict” rushing home most afternoons to administer their dose: “He took out their own morocco case containing a syringe and a soothing dose of morphine. Ever the measured surgeon, they worked hard to calibrate their dosage to calm their jitters and angst but not cloud their senses or interfere with their medical judgment; on not a few occasions, however, they miscalculated and sailed off to narcotized oblivion, abandoning their responsibilities.”
Freud and Halsted never met. But Markel's alternating chapters bring them together in a vivid narrative of two of the most remarkable of the many contributors to our understanding of human biology and function. They have written a tour de force of scientific and social history, one that helps illuminate a unique period in the long story of medical discovery — and the not insignificant cohort of experimenters who have fallen victim to their own research.
OTTAWA—In a decision welcomed by the federal Conservatives, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled Wednesday the government does not have to account separately for pension money it owes public service retirees or pay back a $28-billion surplus that built up on the books.
The unanimous decision, written by Justice Marshall Rothstein, upheld two lower court rulings against 12 federal public service unions that fought to set aside the money for the pensions of all civil service employees, RCMP and military veterans.
The high court ruled the government could account for its pension obligations and liabilities as it wished within its general treasury or Consolidated Revenue Fund.
The Conservative government hailed the decision and blamed the lawsuit on “a 1999 move by the then Liberal government to withdraw $28 billion in surplus funds to pay down debt.”
The Conservatives, who have imposed new limits on the public service pension plan, said they were relieved the high court didn't saddle the government with an obligation to pay out the surplus that had accumulated.
“Our government has taken strong action to ensure the long-term sustainability of the public service pension plan, including making pensions more in line with the private sector by making public service employees pay an equal contribution amount,” said Treasury Board President Tony Clement in a written statement.
Pension surpluses began building up in the late 1990s and through 2004 as a result of low inflation rates, high interest rates, government-imposed restraints on salaries, the capping of indexed benefits and changing assumptions in calculating how much the government needs to pay out in years to come.
Clement pointed out that “had the lawsuit been successful, Canadian taxpayers' would have been left with an enormous expense.”
The case arose after federal government introduced Bill C-78 to change the law on its defined-benefit pension plan obligations in 2000.
The court ruled the government did not breach any fiduciary duty to the unionized members in changing its accounting records. It said the pension funds are not “segregated pools of assets.” The law's reference to “assets” merely “signifies their credit balances, not anything of value.”
The superannuation accounts “are just accounting records and they are not funds, nor are they ‘trust-like,' ” wrote Justice Rothstein and so the government was legally entitled to “borrow” internally from the pension surpluses to avoid “the need for the external borrowing that would otherwise be required.”
From 2001 to 2004, the federal government took or debited $28 billion out of the superannuation fund in its Consolidated Revenue Fund.
The unions had appealed for a return of the surplus, arguing the government had breached a trust and its fiduciary duties and that Bill C-78 didn't extinguish the unions' interest in the fund.
The unions had already lost in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice and the Ontario Court of Appeal. On Wednesday, their leaders expressed disappointment again.
The Canadian Association of Professional Employees slammed the federal government for forcing current and future public service employees to “pay larger contributions over a longer period of time because, among other things, a portion of the accumulated funds to ensure the continued viability of their pension plans was used for other purposes by their employer.”
Claude Poirier, CAPE president, said the government “reneged on its contractual commitments when it dipped into (the accounts to reduce the deficit).”
Poirier said regardless of whether the federal government was legally entitled to dip into the surplus, “the impact of this siphoning off of funds is now evident.”
They said the public service plan, like other defined-benefit plans, is in the same trouble today “because of the contribution holidays taken by many employers between 1994 and 2003.”
They pointed to the Conservative government's decision in the last budget to hike the normal retirement age to 65 for employees hired after Jan. 1 and to gradually increase employees' contributions until they are equal to the employer's contributions.
“These changes are due in part to the shortfall caused by the government's appropriation of the pension plan surplus, even though the pension plan remains solvent and fully funded.”
The unions now want representation on the board of directors that manages the pension funds.
The Professional Institute of the Public Service of Canada, which represents about 60,000 professionals and scientists in the federal public sector, said the changes in 2000 “allowed the federal government to help itself to billions of dollars in pension surplus funds contributed by public service employees.”
“While we are disappointed by the court's decision, we have always felt that it was our duty to fight to the end to protect our members' pensions,” said PIPSC president Gary Corbett. “If this had been a case involving the private sector, an employer would never have gotten away with this action.”
Hardware
The tablet's purest form
Every once in a while, when I'm meeting with a laptop manufacturer, they show me the unpainted version of their new device. You can see the parts, the connectors, the seams, the screws. I always love those models more than the finished ones, because they're so real, so bare, and the Tablet Z strikes me the same way. There's really no room for anything on the insanely thin 6.9mm edge (it's thinner than the Droid RAZR, thinner than the iPad Mini, thinner than pretty much anything else you're wondering about), so there isn't much. There isn't much decoration either. More than any tablet I've ever used, holding the Tablet Z feels like you're just holding a screen. And at just over a pound, you might as well be.
Sony got rid of basically everything but the screen
Like the iPad is "just a big iPod touch," The Tablet Z is just a big Xperia Z. A slightly better version, maybe, because the tablet's soft-touch matte black back feels a lot better than the phone's glass panel. It's glass on all other sides, though, interrupted only by a tiny rubber bumper around all four edges. Once again, the power button is the most distinctive design touch, a lone silver sphere in a sea of black — it looks and feels good, but it's way too easy to press, and that meant I often pulled the Tablet Z out of my backpack already turned on and running.
The rest of the Tablet Z's ports are covered by plastic flaps, which is terribly annoying every time I spend five minutes prying one of them off so I can plug in my headphones or charge the thing. There's at least a good reason, though: the Tablet Z is completely waterproof. I dunked it in water, ran it under the sink, and accidentally-on-purpose spilled a bunch of Diet Cokes on the device, and as long as the ports are sealed the device just keeps on chugging through it all. (Heaven help you if you spill while you're charging, or while you have headphones in.)
It's the world's best shower radio
It may "work" while wet or even submerged, but an underwater tablet this is not. I used the Tablet Z outside in a rainstorm, because I could, and for the most part it worked okay — big, perfectly-placed raindrops would occasionally press a button I didn't want, but the tablet still sensed my finger and mostly did my bidding. Emboldened, I started submerging the tablet in the sink or running water over top of it, and it stopped being usable at all. In fact, some scary things happened: a stream of water constantly pressed buttons, opened apps, changed settings, and at one point actually deleted Transformers: Dark Side of the Moon from the tablet entirely. The Xperia Tablet Z is not by any stretch a tablet you'll want to use in the water — it's just a tablet that can go in the water and not be totally ruined.
Still, there's something wonderful about using a tablet that's not afraid of a few drops. Because it's so unpredictable when it's soaked it's not great for reading or anything involving a lot of touching the screen, but for the most part I could start a podcast or a song and let it play — the Tablet Z is a little bit like the world's best and most expensive shower radio. More often, I just appreciated the peace of mind of knowing that a drop of water from the sink wouldn't ruin my tablet while I brushed my teeth, and my semi-annual spillage of my drink all over my desk wouldn't mean I flushed $500 down the toilet. Most of my gadgets are precious objects, to be treated with the utmost care lest a breeze come along and ruin them forever. I loved having one device that I didn't have to worry about all the time.
The painful reality is that age-related cognitive decline often begins in your late 40s. Diet, exercise, nutraceuticals, and other longevity treatments may help delay this deterioration, which is particularly pronounced in declarative memory — the ability to recall facts and experiences — but age eventually takes its toll. Changes occur in gene expression in the brain's hippocampus and frontal lobe. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying these changes in gene regulation are not completely known.
A new study published in Science sheds some light on how “memory disturbances” in an aging mouse brain are associated with altered “hippocampal chromatin plasticity” — the combination of DNA, histones, and other proteins that make up the chromosomes associated with the hippocampus. Specifically, the study describes an acetyl genetic switch that produces memory impairment in aging 16-month-old mice. Because the acetyl wasn't present in young 3-month-old mice, the study concludes that it acts as a switch for a cluster of learning and memory genes.
The research was led by André Fischer of the European Neuroscience Institute in Göttingen, Germany, and reported in New Scientist. Three-month-old mice had to find their way around a new environment and were then assessed on their ability to associate an electric shock with a particular location. The result was much higher genetic expression of over 1500 genes known to make proteins needed for the creation of new neurons. Older 16-month-old mice were given the same tasks and did not exhibit the same gene expression. They also did not do as well as the younger mice at spatial learning and memory tasks.
The genetic switch involves acetylation, the introduction of an acetyl group into a molecule at the DNA level of chromatin resulting in genetic transcription. Here's a video that animates the acetylation of histone proteins in the regulation of gene expression in cancer cells:
It wasn't long ago that the idea that genes could be switched on and off was revolutionary: gene regulatory proteins, and the specific DNA sequences that these proteins recognize, turn genes on and off in response to a variety of signals. Dr. Fischer's research shows that when young mice are learning, an acetyl group binds to a particular point on the histone protein. The cluster of learning and memory genes on the surrounding DNA ends up close to the acetyl group. This acetyl group was missing in the older mice that had been given the same tasks. By injecting an enzyme known to encourage acetyl groups to bind to any kind of histone molecule, Fischer's team flipped the acetyl genetic switch to the “on” position in the older mice and their learning and memory performance became similar to that of 3-month-old mice.
Fischer's team flipped the acetyl genetic switch to the “on” position in the older mice and their learning and memory performance became similar to that of 3-month-old mice.
Ultimately, Dr. Fischer's team is interested in understanding the impairment associated with normal aging, as well as the origins of mental and neurodegenerative diseases such as anxiety disorders and Alzheimer's disease. Their hope is that the study of hippocampal chromatin plasticity and gene regulation in mice will help them to identify therapeutic strategies to encourage neuroplasticity (the formation of new neural networks in the brain), to improve learning behavior, and to recover seemingly lost long-term memories in human patients.
Switch on memory? What's not clear is why the switch flips “off” as we get older. It might help us cope with oxidative stress at the cellular level as we age. Turning the switch “on” might have damaging side effects. But, then again, you just might be able to remember where you left those darn keys.
Kuwait Motor Town are going to start running their own Open Trackdays at the circuit starting from March. An open track is when drivers can sign up to race their cars around the circuit for fun.
Their first open track is this coming Saturday (March 2) with a car and driver entry fee of KD75 which is pretty good (Bahrain International Circuit is around KD70 for example). I think the open track limit is 50 or 60 cars and they sold out of spots a few hours after announcing it. I managed to book a spot for me, so I'll be participating with my Lotus Cup car this Saturday.
The only issue I'm concerned about is there is no fuel station at the track and the nearest fuel stations are a bit far out so its a BYOF (bring your own fuel) situation which is annoying. In Bahrain, I tend to get three 30-minute sessions done before needing to refuel, but there is a gas station inside the track and a couple outside, across the street from the circuit. I probably need to go scout the gas stations around KMT before Saturday and figure out which one would be the quickest to get to and back without wasting a lot of time.
I'm super excited about this since I'll be able to take part in a lot more track days compared to before, and it's going to save me a lot of money since I no longer have to keep shipping my car to Bahrain every time I want to track the car. If you missed signing up to this open track there will be more coming, here was the link to the sign-up page [Link]
Update: I ended up heading towards KMT this morning to check out the fuel situation. For those taking part, or planning to take part in the future and want to know what the fuel situation is, here is what you need to know:
At the moment there is no gas station at the track. There is one gas station around 15 minutes before the track that has Ultra 98 fuel (green), and this would be a good station to top off your fuel before getting to the track. Here is the location of that station on [Google Maps].
Once you're at the track the closest fuel station with Ultra 98 fuel is in Ali Sabah Al Salem area [Google Maps]. It takes around 10 minutes to get there from the track without any traffic and all the traffic lights green. It then takes around 12 minutes to get from there back to the track. So if you include the fueling process, it will take you over 30 minutes to leave the track, fuel up and come back.
A long-time resident of Dartmouth North says she's waiting to see if the Shannon Park redevelopment will benefit them community.
Linda Rowe has lived and volunteered in the area for 28 years.
"It's a beautiful plan," Rowe said. "But it's not a place I could ever afford."
Canada Lands, the federal agency in charge of the site, is working on a draft proposal for 33 hectares of former military housing that have been vacant since 2003. That plan is expected at the end of February.
It will be based on the public reaction to three concepts presented to the public in November.
Locals look over Shannon Park proposals last fall. (CBC)
"Building on this we'll take the strengths of each of them," said Chris Millier, a spokesperson for Canada Lands. "We'll move towards a preferred concept that hopefully hits all the right notes."
Rowe worries because what's important to them has not been highlighted in the proposal.
"We need a recreation centre or a community centre and a place to buy food," said Rowe. "We have a high number of seniors in substandard housing and it needs to be subsidized and affordable."
Mayor wants a mix of incomes
Mayor Mike Savage agreed the new community must be diverse.
"I do think this is an opportunity for us to use density bonusing, land planning and zoning to make sure that we have a mix of incomes in that neighbourhood," said Savage.
The developer behind another big project on the Dartmouth waterfront thinks adding affordable housing to the Shannon Park development should be no problem.
Francis Fares is constructing residential buildings at King's Wharf.
"Affordable housing is blended into high-end developments where nobody knows, and that's the most successful model," said Fares. "You want to be appealing to the widest population in that location."
Municipal conditions, such as affordable housing, will be worked into the plan during a year-long approval process expected to begin the spring.
Until then Linda Rowe and their neighbours will wait and hope.
"What I really want to see is an emphasis on our history," said Rowe. "That it's all about family and the connections to the community so our economy will grow a little."
We welcome your comments below, on Twitter, or by email at cbcns@cbc.ca.
Can It! June 3, 2006
Posted by federalist in Regulation
If you invented a device that could make any firearm both safer and more accurate, you'd probably expect to win praise from both sides of the political spectrum, and make a fortune in the process. You might even expect the federal government to pass regulations requiring such a safety device for all firearms and making it difficult or illegal to operate a firearm without one. You would be wrong.
I'm talking here about suppressors, also known as “silencers” or “cans.” These are devices that sit at the end of a firearm barrel to absorb the rapidly expanding gasses that propel a bullet. The most popular design consists of enclosed baffles – basically like a car muffler, but for your gun.
Suppressors are widely manufactured for all sorts of firearms. Some are built into the gun, while many others are light alloy devices that either thread or clamp on to the end of the barrel. Top manufacturers claim that their suppressors consistently increase the muzzle velocity and accuracy of a gun. How is that possible? The devices effectively extend the barrel length, giving the propellants extra time to accelerate the bullet. And the flat end of a suppressor can increase accuracy because it is like having a perfectly crowned muzzle.
Of course, the most well known effect of suppressors is to help “silence” the explosion of burning propellant, allowing firearms to be comfortably discharged without hearing protection and in enclosed spaces. And this seems to be the sticking point.
Suppressors are regulated as heavily as grenade launchers and machine guns. Why? It can be argued that the latter have risks that far outweigh their possible benefits to private citizens. But suppressors only make guns quieter. And bulkier: A criminal who wants a quiet shot would probably opt instead to just shoot through a heavy coat to silence their gun. I suppose we could always bring a stack of pillows to the range, but what does shooting through goose down do to your target groups?
Under the National Firearms Act (NFA) suppressors are “Title II weapons.” As such, the federal government levies a $200 tax on each sale to a private citizen. This is in addition to an indefinite waiting period for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms to conduct an extended background investigation of the purchaser, for each and every purchase! Additionally, some states restrict any citizen from owning or possessing Title II devices, again failing to make any distinction between a suppressor and a machinegun.
But it's not hard to imagine a world in which every firearm was required to be sold not only with a trigger lock, but also with a suppressor. After all, without them firearms can permanently damage the hearing of operators or bystanders. Frankly we should be alarmed that our law enforcement agencies routinely equip officers and agents with unsuppressed firearms. Are we needlessly risking collateral hearing damage just to save money?
Think of the opportunities that would open up if silencers were unrestricted. Shooting ranges that are in constant zoning battles with their neighbors could simply mark all their outdoor ranges “Suppressed shooting only.” City-dwellers would be able to practice shooting sports without having to make a daytrip to the country. Shooters in indoor ranges would be subject to much lower levels not only of noise but also of the toxic particles ejected and kicked up by the muzzle blast of an unsuppressed gun.
Are quiet guns too dangerous? Consider a close cousin of the suppressor: the engine muffler. More than 5000 pedestrians are killed each year in this country by vehicles equipped with mufflers. Surely some of these pedestrians would have been able to escape the path of the vehicle that ran them down if its engine had been louder. But the possession and use of engine mufflers on road vehicles is not regulated by any government entity. In fact, you can't buy a car with a straight-pipe exhaust, even though it enhances performance and is arguably safer.
In contrast, adding a suppressor to a gun increases both safety and performance. Suppressor ownership and use should be encouraged, not restricted.
Advertisements
European Parliament: “EU surveillance programmes are incompatible with fundamental human rights of citizens and residents in the EU”
by Dennis Kügler on November 15th, 2013
A European Parliament report on state surveillance says current programmes are “incompatible” with the human rights of EU residents and all state surveillance must be framed “in terms of collective freedoms and democracy,” rather than “data protection and national security.”
The study, which was commissioned by the European Parliament's Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, says:
From a legal point of view, EU surveillance programmes are incompatible with minimum democratic rule of law standards and compromise the security and fundamental human rights of citizens and residents in the EU.
The study also makes it clear that the PRISM revelations are markedly different from past security service “transgressions,” as they involve “access to a much larger scale of data” than former programmes.
The authors go further to say the “purpose and scale” of any surveillance programme is “at the core of what differentiates democratic regimes and police states.” It adds the “two key issues” that remain unclear over the PRISM revelations are: “what/who are the ultimate targets of this surveillance exercise, and how are data collected, processed, filtered and analysed?”
The paper mainly focuses on the US' ability to compromise the privacy of EU citizens, while highlighting the UK's complicity. Interestingly the authors say very little about the EU's own mass surveillance programme, namely the EU Data Retention Directive, which mandates that all European ISPs hold onto customer web logs, and other data, for the entirety of the subscription and up to two years after they leave the service.
Obviously, we expect very little to change regarding the European Union's reaction to the NSA's revelations. The report's suggestion of a new international treaty, in order to protect the world from the US' security agencies, is unlikely to materialise. So far, apart from Angela Merkel impotent noise over the US' monitoring of phone calls, the EU has been useless in terms of doing its job and protecting citizens from foreign spy agencies.
Behold the Heroes hole! Tremble before its gravitational pull, San Diego!
Probably the most striking marketing installation set up on the Comic-Con streets (so far, anyway) is NBC's big black Heroes: Reborn tube thingy in front of the Convention Center (more photos below). We're told it marks the entrance for the show's “activation center” exhibit promoting the fall revival of the super-powered limited series. Or….OR … this tower represents the metaphorical birth canal through which the original show's heroes are Reborn? One of those!
The exhibit opens Thursday and will have all sorts of interactive wonders inside (it's actually supposed to be pretty neat, something about a “4D experience,” though we're not entirely sure what that means). And when it comes to meeting up at #SDCC this weekend, there's at least one very easy landmark that anybody can find. Just tell your friends: “I'll meet you at the Heroes hole!”
Photos….
A man boldly peers into abyss, which looks back into him:
The hold under construction:
The full hole:
A top-side view, revealing the main area of the activation 4D entertainment drum circle:
PREVIOUS:
— Heroes: Reborn: 5 ways NBC's revival will avoid past mistakes
— Zachary Levi talks ‘Heroes: Reborn' role
​Related Stories
•Everything to know about EW's Comic-Con 2015 coverage
•See the schedule for Comic-Con's movie panels
•See the schedule for Comic-Con's TV panels
•9 burning questions about Comic-Con 2015
Head here for more of Entertainment Weekly‘s Comic-Con coverage.
Biofuels have really taken a beating this year in the court of public opinion, as concerns mounted over the impact of biofuel production on everything from biodiversity to food prices to water supplies. IEEE Spectrum reader Luc Rolland of Preston, England captured the sense of disillusionment in their letter to the editors this summer: “Valuing biofuel is very controversial—it impoverishes developing countries, and the true energy cost of biofuel is not worth it.”
But there are low-hanging fruit that respond to all of Rolland's concerns. Today, at MIT's TechReview.com, I take a look at the biofuel that appears to hang the lowest: dimethyl ether produced via gasification of black liquor. That's quite a mouthful, so let's define our terms:
black liquor: the blend of caustic inorganic chemicals and dissolved wood generated in pulp and paper mills
gasification: subjected to high heat and pressure, organic matter breaks down into a stream of principally hydrogen and carbon monoxide called syngas that can be catalytically reassembled into chemicals and fuels
dimethyl ether or DME: a clean-burning substitute for diesel fuel and liquid petroleum gas (LPG) that's easily synthesized from syngas
Note that this is very similar in principle to the synthesis of methanol via coal gasification. In fact methanol is an intermediate in the synthesis of DME. Production of both methanol and DME from coal is exploding in China, and provides substantial local air quality benefits.
Gasifying black liquor to generate DME, or bio-DME for short, adds ecological and climate benefits, which is why the European Renew study released in July called it one of “the most advanced concepts for fuel production.” Net conversion efficiency on a lifecycle basis of 69%, the highest for any biofuel, means that for every hectare of agricultural production this fuel delivers the biggest energy bang. Greenhouse gas emissions, meanwhile, are on the order of 1/20th that of conventional diesel.
Bio-DME alone will not render personal transportation sustainable. Gasification of all of the black liquor generated in US mills would supply enough DME to displace just 3% of total fuel demand in the U.S., according to Jonas Rudberg, CEO of Swedish biomass gasification developer Chemrec. (For Canada, which has a higher pulp to car ratio, bio-DME could satisfy 7%).
But bio-DME's potential looks much larger if one views it as a forerunner to broader application of gasification to solid biomass feedstocks such as switchgrass. Solid biomass tends to gum up gasification plants, as Germany's Choren Industries may be learning as it seeks to start up the 18 million liter/year biomass-to-diesel plant it finished building in April. Mass application of black liquor gasification would invariably accelerate the diffusion of the technology.
If it does, biomass gasification could deliver more than a fifth of Europe's transport fuel by 2030 according to Volvo Group, which is coordinating a European bio-DME R&D consortium. Of course, how low all that fruit will hang remains to be seen.
For more on bio-DME, see the TechReview article: “Taking Pulp to the Pump”.
: : : : : : : : : :
This post was created for Energywise, IEEE Spectrum's blog on green power, cars and climate
By Yevhen Magda
In terms of geopolitics, fall 2013 will be determinant for Ukraine. Signing of the Association Agreement (AA) with the EU has not only a symbolic value. It is a possibility to change the consciousness of Ukrainian elite. It is not even a turn to the West, but a return to Europe. Ukrainian nation, with its poor experience of “sovereignty” in terms of European standards, can return to the continental system of public and political relations. By doing that, there is a significant advantage for Ukraine: it has a chance to start from a clean slate and absorb European experience to strengthen its raw independence.
Gustav Vodicka often called Ukraine the “Homeland of dormant angels.” In case of gradual accession to the European system of political and economic relations (as opposite to the rapid accession) – official Kyiv will not have to sleep.
Ukraine will not be allowed to access the EU rapidly. Not by strict examiners from European Commission and European Parliament, neither by the EU member states. It is necessary to develop first new criteria for accession, to harmonize national legislation with the EU, to establish free trade area, and to fill the Agreement on visa facilitation with a real content.
The AA is not a dole from the side of the EU, but an instrument of influence that will allow Ukraine to move forward in the direction defined already by two Ukrainian presidents. It is an instrument to force the representatives of Ukrainian elite as well as simple Ukrainian citizens to farewell with many illusions and to understand that it is necessary to build Europe in Ukraine. Our country has paid a considerable price for not backed up by real changes European expectations. To rely on “the last hour of indulgence”, for all the EU's interest in rapprochement with Ukraine, is not necessary.
The choice of integration model is not easy, and not always unconditional. It was not worth even to start the negotiation about signing the AA without understanding the EU basic principles. I remind that Russia invites Ukraine to join the Custom Union without any preconditions. In addition, it promises significant economic preferences. However, the persistent Moscow's proposals is not interesting for official Kyiv today. Ukrainians understand that absence of preconditions does not mean a priori equal relations.
Political leaders of Ukraine had enough time to realize the key European principals. Democracy – is a procedure and Ukrainian politicians have to reckon with it, even if it may be painful at first. The rule of law and an independent justice – are not just a declaration. It is an opportunity for millions of Ukrainians to defend rights, honor and dignity.
Within this context, we need to analyze the issue of Yulia Tymoshenko with respect to which the European high society nourish fewer illusions. European policy have not managed to get rid of populists, but the level of their impact is much lower than in Ukraine.
The embarrassing defeat in the struggle for Ukrainian sovereignty in the twentieth century must teach our politicians how to think strategically and how to be proactive. Nevertheless, we are still facing with a paradox: while almost all Ukrainian politicians (except the leader of Communist Party of Ukraine Petro Symonenko) agree about the importance of integration with the EU, there are still problems with the adoption of the laws.
European integration deadline is in September and Brussels will not hold a quick re-examination. Ukrainian Parliament should adopt anticorruption laws with the necessary elements for its implementation, and to date elections in the five abandoned for today electoral districts. It is interesting that the law on combating discrimination rises a holy terror among the Parliament deputies. It seems that Ukrainian lawmakers are afraid to support this law because of being accused in the gay lobby.
Further, it is necessary to understand that Brussels expects from Kyiv not a simply to fulfil of the notorious “Füle's list”, but to execute the necessary decisions. The EU has already made steps towards Ukraine: it has postponed the deadlines for Ukraine when it should be ready for signing of the AA. However, if the representatives of Ukrainian authorities do not do their homework, the integration with the EU risks going on the back burner. European politicians are talking about this sincerely. There will be elections in European Parliament and rotation of European Commission next year, and there is no guarantee that more loyal to Ukraine officials will take the offices in the executive system of the EU.
I doubt that national political leaders and generals of the Ukrainian business do not understand the prospects of Ukraine's accession to the EU. The expansion of opportunities for investments into infrastructure that make a real thesis about unique geographical position of our country and implementation of a free trade principle just lie on the surface. It is clear that Ukraine will not be in the role of mistress in the European Union (this should be realized clearly), but Ukraine has a chance with other post-soviet countries to declare about itself quite confidently in the new Europe.
To do this, it is important not to stand at one place and to declare about own ambitions. For example, as it is the case in the energy sector. Ukraine has answered on Russian accusations in the inefficiency of Ukrainian gas transportation system the eastern border of the EU not with words, but with real actions. Ukraine has to raise the level of the respect to it in the global community. It has to attract cheap by Ukrainian standards financial resources from European financial centers, and do not allow hanging on the country the label of eternal periphery of the Old World.
Official Kyiv has not only to use the EU experience for structural reforms; it has to strive for legalization of Ukrainian immigrant workers. Ukrainian authorities should not wait for automatic transition of European mentality to Ukraine. It is necessary first to achieve for millions of Ukrainians the possibility to “taste” Europe and its values.
Fall 2013 will be, perhaps, the most important period for the foreign policy choice of Ukraine since its independence in 1991. In comparison with it, even the renunciation of nuclear weapons in the early 90's recedes into the background. The AA is able to commemorate the appearance of Ukrainian, blue and yellow star on the flag of the European Union. Although, it requires hard work to fill the counter with a color of correct saturation required for full accession to the EU, but the walker will overcome the way in the end.
Yevhen Magda is an associate Professor of politics at Ukraine's Kiev Polytechnic Institute (NTUU KPI) with a PhD in political science.
Author : eukraine
Washington: Electronic cigarettes, already facing bans and scrutiny by US regulators, have received a new slap on the wrist from scientists.
A report released on Thursday suggests the devices may be a gateway to old-fashioned, cancer-causing smokes for teens.
A study suggests that youth who smoke e-cigarettes are more likely to move on to old-fashioned cigarettes. Credit:Reuters
Youths who reported using an e-cigarette had six times the odds of smoking a traditional cigarette compared with those who had never tried the device, a study published in the journal JAMA Pediatrics found. E-cigarette use did not stop young smokers from partaking in regular cigarettes as well.
The global market for e-cigarettes may top $US5 billion ($5.5 billion) this year, Euromonitor International estimates show. Makers of the devices, including the largest US tobacco company Altria Group, market them online and on television, where traditional tobacco ads are banned. Some have added flavours such as bubble gum to the nicotine vapour that may have extra appeal for youths. That allure is why the US Food and Drug Administration needs to restrict the devices, anti-smoking advocates say.
Mary Oliver is one of our era's most beloved and prolific poets — a sage of wisdom on the craft of poetry and a master of its magic; a woman as unafraid to be witty as they are to be wise. For more than forty years, Oliver lived on Cape Cod with the love of their life, the remarkable photographer Molly Malone Cook — one of the first staff photographers for The Village Voice, with subjects like Walker Evans and Eleanor Roosevelt, and a visionary gallerist who opened the first photography gallery on the East Coast, exhibited such icons as Ansel Adams and Berenice Abbott, and recognized rising talent like William Clift. (She was also, living up to their reputation as “a great Bohemian American,” the owner of a bookshop frequented by Norman Mailer and occasionally staffed by the filmmaker John Waters.)
When Cook died in 2005 at the age of eighty, Oliver looked for a light, however faint, to shine through the thickness of bereavement. They spent a year making their way through thousands of them spouse's photographs and unprinted negatives, mostly from around the time they met, which Oliver then enveloped in their own reflections to bring to life Our World (public library) — part memoir, part deeply moving eulogy to a departed soul mate, part celebration of their love for one another through their individual creative loves. Embraced in Oliver's poetry and prose, Cook's photographs reveal the intimate thread that brought these two extraordinary women together — a shared sense of deep aliveness and attention to the world, a devotion to making life's invisibles visible, and above all a profound kindness to everything that exists, within and without.
Oliver — who refers to Cook simply as M. in most of their writings — reflects in the opening essay:
Though you have known someone for more than forty years, though you have worked with them and lived with them, you do not know everything. I do not know everything — but a few things, which I will tell. M. had will and wit and probably too much empathy for others; they were quick in speech and they did not suffer fools. When you knew them they were unconditionally kind. But also, as our friend the Bishop Tom Shaw said at their memorial service, you had to be brave to get to know them […] They were style, and they were an old loneliness that nothing could quite wipe away; they were vastly knowledgeable about people, about books, about the mind's emotions and the heart's. They lived sometimes in a black box of memories and unanswerable questions, and then would come out and frolic — be feisty, and bold.
Oliver writes of the affair Cook had in the late 1950s, shortly before they met:
They had … an affair that struck deeply; I believe they loved totally and was loved totally. I know about it, and I am glad… This love, and the ensuing emptiness of its ending, changed them Of such events we are always changed — not necessarily badly, but changed. Who doesn't know this doesn't know much.
The following year, Cook met Oliver and they remained together, inseparable, for more than four decades. That encounter — which calls to mind the fateful first meetings that occasioned such iconic literary couples as Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas or Sylvia Plath and Ted Hughes — took place at Steepletop, the home of Edna St. Vincent Millay, where Oliver had landed the day after their high school graduation at the age of seventeen and stayed for several years.
One evening in 1959, when Oliver was twenty-four and Cook thirty-four, the young poet returned to the house and found the photographer sitting at the kitchen table with a friend. They describe their encounter with their signature elegance of unpeeling the mundane to reveal the momentous:
I took one look and fell, hook and tumble. M. took one look at me, and put on their dark glasses, along with an obvious dose of reserve. They denied this to their dying day, but it was true. Isn't it wonderful the way the world holds both the deeply serious, and the unexpectedly mirthful?
It turned out that Oliver and Cook, in their regular lives beyond Steepletop, lived right across the street from each other in New York's East Village. So they began to see one another “little by little,” and so their great love story began.
But perhaps the greatest gift of their union was the way in which they shaped each other's way of seeing and being with the world — the mutually ennobling dialogue between their two capacities for presence:
It has frequently been remarked, about my own writings, that I emphasize the notion of attention. This began simply enough: to see that the way the flicker flies is greatly different from the way the swallow plays in the golden air of summer. It was my pleasure to notice such things, it was a good first step. But later, watching M. when they were taking photographs, and watching them in the darkroom, and no less watching the intensity and openness with which they dealt with friends, and strangers too, taught me what real attention is about. Attention without feeling, I began to learn, is only a report. An openness — an empathy — was necessary if the attention was to matter. Such openness and empathy M. had in abundance, and gave away freely… I was in my late twenties and early thirties, and well filled with a sense of my own thoughts, my own presence. I was eager to address the world of words — to address the world with words. Then M. instilled in me this deeper level of looking and working, of seeing through the heavenly visibles to the heavenly invisibles. I think of this always when I look at their photographs, the images of vitality, hopefulness, endurance, kindness, vulnerability… We each had our separate natures; yet our ideas, our influences upon each other became a rich and abiding confluence. […] I don't think I was wrong to be in the world I was in, it was my salvation from my own darkness. Nor have I ever abandoned it — those early signs that so surely lead toward epiphanies. And yet, and yet, they wanted me to enter more fully into the human world also, and to embrace it, as I believe I have. And what a gift [that she] never expressed impatience with my reports of the natural world, the blue and green happiness I found there. Our love was so tight.
To lose the love of one's life is something few have dared to live in public — the most memorable such bravery being Joan Didion's — but Oliver brings to death's darkness their familiar touch of emboldening light:
The end of life has its own nature, also worth our attention. I don't say this without reckoning in the sorrow, the worry, the many diminishments. But surely it is then that a person's character shines or glooms.
Oliver ends with a breath-stopping prose poem that brings full-circle their opening reflections on never fully knowing even those nearest to us — a beautiful testament to what another wise woman once wrote: “You can never know anyone as completely as you want. But that's okay, love is better.”
THE WHISTLER All of a sudden they began to whistle. By all of a sudden
I mean that for more than thirty years they had not
whistled. It was thrilling. At first I wondered, who was
in the house, what stranger? I was upstairs reading, and
they were downstairs. As from the throat of a wild and
cheerful bird, not caught but visiting, the sounds war-
bled and slid and doubled back and larked and soared. Finally I said, Is that you? Is that you whistling? Yes, they
said. I used to whistle, a long time ago. Now I see I can
still whistle. And cadence after cadence they strolled
through the house, whistling. I know them so well, I think. I thought. Elbow and an-
kle. Mood and desire. Anguish and frolic. Anger too.
And the devotions. And for all that, do we even begin
to know each other? Who is this I've been living with
for thirty years? This clear, dark, lovely whistler?
Our World is a sublime read in its entirety — the kind that enters the soul like a deep breath and remains there as an eternal exhale. Complement it with Oliver on how rhythm sweetens life and their beautiful reading of their poem “Wild Geese.”
“San Andreas” starring Dwayne Johnson casting call for extras in San Francisco.
After serving as a model production for improving California's film incentive program, Dwayne Johnson's quake thriller “San Andreas” has started shooting its final scenes in San Francisco after a majority of the film was filmed in Australia, according to reports.
The film's first started shooting Sunday in San Francisco and will wrap on July 27.
Beau Bonneau Casting is currently seeking San Francisco area locals to work as extras in the upcoming feature film. Producers are looking for talent to work one day of paid extra work either on July 22nd, July 25th, or July 27th.
“San Andreas” stars Dwayne Johnson and centers on a special ops Los Angeles firefighter as they race to San Francisco to save their teenage daughter's life as a massive earthquake/tsunami strikes.
Roles include SF residents, tourists, businessmen & women exiting the city on foot, as well as police & paramedics. Production has a specific need for Chinese-appearing Men & Women 7/25 to portray Chinatown residents, as well as affluent-looking, professional men and women 20s – late40s with high-end business wear 7/25 and/or 7/27. Wardrobe fittings are being requested for some roles prior to the shoot.
There will be a lot of standing, walking and possibly running throughout the shoot day; you must be in good physical health. Important: Walnut dust will be applied to people's clothes for effect to look like soot. Walnut dust is widely used in the industry, washes out of clothes easily and is believed to be non-allergenic; however anyone with nut allergies should not submit for safety reasons.
For more details, check out the casting call below:
“San Andreas” Movie Casting Call
We are seeking SF Bay Area local Non Union Men & Women 18 years & over available 7/22, 7/25 or 7/27 for 1 day of paid Extra Work on the feature film “San Andreas,” starring Dwayne Johnson, shooting in SF. The film follows a special ops Los Angeles firefighter as they race to San Francisco to save their teenage daughter's life as a massive earthquake/tsunami strikes.
Hours/Rates: Film shoots can last up to 12-14 hours and often start very early in the morning i.e. 5AM – 6AM. Saying you are available, means literally all day without conflict. The Non Union Extra Rate is $85.92 for up to 8hrs plus overtime at time and ½ thereafter based on the SF minimum wage of $10.74/hr. Additional $35 if cast with your Car and $21.48 for attending a fitting. If clothes are dusted on the shoot day you will get $9 to put toward the laundering of your clothes. Free parking is provided as well as lunch along with free snacks and beverages.
Employment Requirements: I-9 paperwork will be filled out on set. U.S. Citizens must present a current U.S. Passport OR two forms of ID: a valid Drivers License or State Photo ID card with either Social Security Card or Birth Certificate. Non U.S. citizens must present current Green Card, Permanent Resident Card or Work Authorization Dept. of Homeland Security.
TO SUBMIT: email the following to [email protected] ASAP:
* Subject line: San Andreas, Avail Date(s) 7/22,7/25,7/27, Name, Approx. Age, Cell
* City you live in
* Height & Weight. Include clothing sizes for uniformed role consideration
* Note Car year, color, make & model if you have one
* Attach 2 NEW color snapshots, l waist up & 1 standing view, both facing camera (no hats or sunglasses). Must see your current look.
We will contact you if selected. No phone calls please.
If you are not local and/or do not fit the description, do not apply
Discuss this story with fellow Project Casting fans on Facebook. On Twitter, follow us at @projectcasting.
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The Foreign Affairs Department is confirming that a Canadian citizen has died in Vietnam.
A spokesperson says consular officials in Ho Chi Minh City are in contact with authorities there to try to get more information.
Foreign Affairs had no further information on the circumstances of the death and said no details, including the name of the citizen, could be released due to privacy concerns.
But a Vietnamese newspaper, Tuoi Tre, identified the Canadian as 26-year-old Cathy Huynh on its English language website.
Tuoi Tre is reporting that health officials are investigating the possibility that Huynh and an American woman they were travelling with died of some sort of poisoning.
The newspaper says the two women were sharing a room in the tourism city of Nha Trang.
The paper, which quotes hospital officials, says Huynh took the American woman Karin Joy Bowerman, 27, to hospital Monday night after they became ill.
Bowerman later died of respiratory failure, then Huynh also became ill and died early Thursday.
Doctors have not pinpointed a cause of the womens' death, Dr Nguyen Van Xang, deputy director of Khanh Hoa Province General Hospital told Tuoi Tre.
An unnamed official with the Khanh Hoa Province Health Department told Tuoi Tre that it's likely that the two women had suffered poisoning.
It's not known where in Canada Huynh was from.
Foreign Affairs is offering consular assistance to the family if needed.
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — An Orlando television station has issued an on-air explanation for why it's airing the struggling Jacksonville Jaguars while many NFL fans probably would have preferred seeing the Denver Broncos-New York Giants game, a possible Super Bowl preview featuring the Peyton and Eli Manning.
WKMG TV issued the scrolled message on Sunday. It read that NFL policy states the station must carry all Jags away games. At the end the message said: “We apologize for any inconvenience.”
Viewers then took to Twitter to remark on what many saw as an apology from the station.
Article continues below ...
But WKMG Vice President and General Manager Skip Valet says the arrangement is nothing new. They say for nearly two decades Orlando has been designated the secondary Jaguars market and has carried all the away games. As they put it: “I know it's frustrating, but as a CBS station in this market you have to carry the away games.”
Jaguars scored an NFL-low 2 points last week and are coming off the worst season in franchise history. They have missed the playoffs 11 of the last 13 years.
Kryptokit plans to integrate Coinbase into the Jaxx wallet for debit card purchasing
Kryptokit, the maker of the Jaxx bitcoin and ethereum wallet, has released plans that they are going to be integrating the Coinbase Buy Widget into the Jaxx wallet which will give users the opportunity to buy bitcoins using their debit cards.
As part of a series of posts called the Many Days of Jaxx, Simon Howell wrote about the conceptual plans,
“Today we're presenting our initial concept for our integration of Coinbase's “Buy Widget” into Jaxx, the first stage of our plan to make the cash purchase of coins and tokens from within Jaxx as convenient and painless as possible. […] In recognition of the fact that the space requires new, faster and more convenient ways for users to purchase cryptocurrency with cash, we're excited to give the community a sneak peek at our planned integration of Coinbase's “Buy Widget” directly within Jaxx.”
It turns out that Coinbase approached the wallet about adding the Buy Widget into Jaxx. “We believe in increased collaboration between companies in the wallet space, and this is a particularly exciting prospect for us for that reason,” Howell said.
The Jaxx-Coinbase integration would enable Jaxx users in the U.S. to use debit cards to purchase bitcoin from directly within the Jaxx wallet application. The integration would require users enter their name, email address and debit card number which will be processed on Coinbase's end and will not be stored within the Jaxx database.
Pictured above is the preliminary design for what is envisioned in the integration and how it will look and feel. The integration is still being worked out including the finer points of the UI and the precise logistics, and whether Jaxx will have the option to customize the widget's functions and design to match the current Jaxx aesthetics.
Also as part of the Many Days of Jaxx series, it was recently announced that there will be a Jaxx hardware wallet called Jaxx Ice Cube. The device is in prototype mode right now and Kryptokit is expecting to begin production of the wallet in late 2016/early 2017.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Passengers in Irbil give their views on the flight ban
Iraq's central government has suspended international flights to and from the Kurdistan Region, as pressure mounts after Monday's independence referendum.
Baghdad had said only domestic flights would be allowed from 18:00 (15:00 GMT) on Friday unless the Kurds handed over control of Irbil and Sulaimaniya airports.
Humanitarian, military and diplomatic flights are also reported to be exempt.
The Kurdistan government refused Baghdad's demand, calling it "illegal".
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi wants the referendum, in which 92% of voters backed secession, to be annulled.
Kurdish leaders insist the referendum was legitimate and that they now have a mandate to start negotiations with Baghdad and neighbouring countries.
Why is Baghdad restricting flights?
Kurds are the fourth-largest ethnic group in the Middle East but they have never obtained a permanent nation state.
In Iraq, where they make up an estimated 15-20% of the population of 37 million, Kurds faced decades of repression before acquiring autonomy in 1991.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Regional carriers said they would suspend flights to the Kurdistan Region at Baghdad's request
On Wednesday, Kurdish officials said 2.8 million people living in the three provinces that form the Kurdistan Region, as well as "areas of Kurdistan outside the region's administration", had voted in favour of independence.
The announcement came despite a last-minute appeal for the result to be "cancelled" from Mr Abadi, who said the referendum was "unconstitutional".
Mr Abadi vowed to "impose Iraq's rule" and reaffirmed their threat to stop direct international flights to and from the Kurdistan Region.
What do the Kurds say?
The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) said on Thursday that a ban would be "completely illegal" and amount to "collective punishment against the Kurds".
Officials said the airports were already subject to the Iraq Civil Aviation Authority and that any restrictions would affect the battle against so-called Islamic State (IS).
Kurdish Peshmerga forces have driven the jihadist group out of large parts of northern Iraq since 2014 with air and ground support from a US-led coalition.
"We have an international community here, so this is not going to be only against Kurdish people," Irbil airport's director, Talar Faiq Salih, told the BBC on Thursday.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Activists at the airport released balloons bearing messages that urged peace with Baghdad
They later told reporters that humanitarian, military and diplomatic flights were exempt from the ban.
However, Lufthansa, Austrian Airlines, Turkish Airlines and other carriers said they would suspend flights at Baghdad's request.
The KRG also vowed to take legal measures to counter recent decisions by the Iraqi parliament, which on Wednesday asked Mr Abadi to send troops to the oil-rich Kirkuk region and other disputed areas currently controlled by Kurdish forces.
How have Iraq's neighbours reacted?
Turkey and Iran, which have Kurdish minorities and are fiercely opposed to Iraqi Kurds gaining independence, have also increased the pressure on the KRG.
Mr Abadi's office said on Thursday that Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim had agreed to deal exclusively with the central government over crude oil exports. That could result in a key pipeline from the Kirkuk region, which provides the KRG with more than 80% of its income, being cut off.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Iraq's Kurdish region foreign affairs minister says independence is 'inevitable'
On Friday, Iran banned the transportation of refined crude oil products by Iranian companies to and from the Kurdistan Region, the Tasnim news agency reported.
The BBC's Mark Lowen in Irbil says dialogue is the likely way out of this impasse.
But with Iraq facing elections in April, our correspondent adds, there is pressure in Baghdad to remain firm and as yet no sign of compromise.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday that Washington did not recognise the referendum.
"We encourage all sides to engage constructively in a dialogue to improve the future of all Iraqis," they added.
Image caption The case of Doan Van Vuon, second from left, has attracted much attention
The trial of four Vietnamese farmers who used home-made bombs and shotguns to fight land eviction has opened in the port city of Haiphong.
Doan Van Vuon, 53, their brother and two other relatives are facing attempted murder charges for injuring several police officers in January 2012.
The case has attracted attention, as farmers resorting to violence to protect their land in Vietnam is rare.
Farmers receive rights for a limited time, as land belongs to the state.
Security has been tight outside the court where hundreds of protesters have gathered to await news on Mr Vuon's fate.
Aside from the four men, two others are also facing charges of resisting law enforcement.
Mr Vuon and their brothers have become heroes of sorts in Vietnam, says the BBC's Nga Pham.
Rarely have the police been challenged, even if violently, during land clearances, although such incidents happen almost every day, our correspondent adds.
The district government gave Mr Vuon the land to farm for 14 years before it said it wanted it back as part of a future infrastructure project. The remaining part was to be rented at a higher cost.
Mr Vuon protested against the decision, arguing that their family had spent years developing the land and had to pay back debts.
The government moved to evict them after negotiations failed and this resulted in a stand-off.
Alastair Cook has pledged to use Pakistan's army-style celebrations as motivation for Friday's second Test at Old Trafford after England slumped to a chastening 75-run defeat at Lord's.
After Misbah-ul-Haq had lined up their squad on the outfield to do salutes and press-ups in honour of the soldiers who trained them during a pre-tour camp back home, a frustrated Cook – who also branded their batsmen ‘naïve' for their failure to deal with leg-spinner Yasir Shah – was left evoking the ‘cricketing gods' ahead of the game in Manchester.
‘It's never nice to lose at Lord's and see the opposition like they were at the end,' they said. ‘We'll use that as motivation.
Pakistan's players line up to do press ups as they celebrate winning the first Test over England on Sunday
Alastair Cook will use the scenes of celebration on the Lord's pitch as added motivation for the second Test
Fair play to @TheRealPCB who played some excellent cricket and good celebrations too. #EngvPak https://t.co/czkHg2bFsu — England Cricket (@englandcricket) July 17, 2016
‘I didn't take offence, but certainly at that moment in time it's not pleasant for the first 20 minutes when you've just lost a game of cricket. They're entitled to do what they want. Obviously it's united them and it shows what a challenge we've got in the next game. But the cricketing gods…'
Cook's comments, left ominously dangling in the air, came after their former England team-mate Tim Bresnan tweeted their reaction to the Pakistani press-ups: ‘That might bite you, boys. Carma [sic] catches up with you eventually. It did with the Sprinkler.'
It was a reference to the dance performed by the England team – Bresnan and Cook included – after they had retained the Ashes at Melbourne in 2010-11. When Cook's side visited Australia three years later, they lost 5-0, though the result had more to do with Mitchell Johnson than the Sprinkler.
The England captain, meanwhile, pinpointed their side's failure to score more than 272 in their first innings, when they allowed Yasir to collect six wickets on a pitch that had not yet begun to turn.
Younis Khan (left) leads the Pakistan team as they perform the celebration at Lord's Cricket Ground
The Asian country did so having confirmed their first Test victory over England by 75 runs on day four
‘There's a bitter taste in our dressing-room at the moment,' they said. ‘A few of the guys would like to do better.
‘We had a few poor shot selections to certain types of balls. We played some naïve shots at times to certain angles. You could see what Pakistan were tying to do and we fell into the trap.
‘We're striving to become the best side we can be, but naïve is the word. To allow Yasir to get six wickets when the ball wasn't turning was frustrating.
‘It's disappointing, but the beauty of a four-Test series is there are three more chances to put it right. We've been beaten before and come back strong.'
Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq celebrated their century by dropping down and doing press-ups on Day one
Pakistan will now look forward to playing their hosts in the second Test at Old Trafford on July 22
ENGLAND'S MIDDLE ORDER WOES 26.13 - The average of England's middle-order batsmen (No 4-7) in this Test - Pakistan's managed 42.38
Though Cook wasn't naming names, there was little doubt which of their batsmen had raised an eyebrow up in the dressing-room. Alex Hales flashed a wide one to slip, Joe Root pulled to deep square-leg, James Vince edged a lavish drive and –most culpably of all – Moeen Ali was bowled fourth ball charging at Yasir.
‘We're a fairly open side so of course we'll chat at the right time,' said Cook. ‘It's not about sitting in the dressing-room and shouting at each other. This is still quite an inexperienced side. Some of that showed and it was a realisation of what it can take to beat a very good side.'
A solution may be at hand. Assuming Jimmy Anderson and Ben Stokes are deemed to have come through the current championship game between Lancashire and Durham at Southport, both men will be added to England's squad for Old Trafford.
By Karen Leigh Hopkins as told to Michelle Fiordaliso
For an aspiring actor from Sandusky, Ohio (population 25,000), auditioning for and getting cast in the role of a fresh-out-of-college gym teacher in John Hughes's The Breakfast Club was the big break I'd been hoping for. My character — who was at school for a Saturday practice — originally began as a swim instructor but evolved into a gym teacher because I actually taught aerobics professionally at the time. John told me that my part was meant to bridge the gap between the students and the establishment. For my big scene I'd deliver a speech in the library to the five kids saying, “This is just a small part of your total life history.” What that meant was that even though everything feels intense in high school, that time ends and then real life begins. And the life I had dreamt of felt like it was just beginning.
We had been filming in Chicago. One morning I was at the hotel getting ready to leave for set when the phone rang. It was Jackie Burch, our casting director. I was being sent home. That day. What?! The information didn't compute. I asked them why but they didn't know. What happened? It felt sort of like, well, exactly like high school. One day you're in with the cool kids and the next day you're an outcast — as in out of the cast.
Related: SXSW: ‘The Breakfast Club' Restored for 30th Anniversary Screening
I still don't love flying, but let's just say that plane ride home was the worst one I've ever taken. I thought about the scene we'd filmed in the library a few days prior. John kept whispering random jokes into my ear so that my lines would crack Anthony Michael Hall up — I remember one was about Lionel Richie. Each take on a slightly different tone. In hindsight, if I'd been told this scene was going to be cut, I would've been shocked because it seemed to be going so well. On the plane, despite my soft seat in first class, I couldn't find any comfort. In the absence of any real explanation I filled the void with lots of possible ones — each one more negative than the next.
View photos
Call it magical thinking or insanity but I still held out hope I'd be in the final cut. Jackie [Burch] had seen footage after I was sent home and told my agent it was good. So when the film opened I was still pathetically hoping there'd be a glimpse of me. I know. Don't say it. I went to an afternoon showing alone and guess what? I wasn't in the movie. My mother called and said, “Honey, just come home. I'll bake you a white cake.”
Leonard Cohen has said, “Writing is a desperate activity.” I was living in an alley apartment at the time, had 21 bucks left and was trying to figure out how I'd pay my rent in two weeks time. I wrote my first script, The Kindness of Strangers, in those 14 days and gave it to my acting agents to sell. The script was never produced, but was bought — by Paramount's Ned Tanen, who had produced The Breakfast Club and recognized my name when the script landed on their desk. I called my mother, who worked at a car factory making rubber parts, and asked for them to be pulled off the line to talk. “What happened?” they asked, panicked. “You can quit your job, mom. I'm going to buy you that house on Cedar Brook Lane.”
Related: ‘The Breakfast Club': Read THR's 1985 Review
KANSAS CITY, Mo. – Dom Dwyer showed up late Tuesday afternoon at Sporting Kansas City's practice facility, wearing the purple training kit of Orlando City SC.
It was the first time he'd returned there since loading their bags for a ride to the airport, en route to a loan stint that has already seen the young English forward demolish the USL PRO goalscoring record.
And after the Lions return home following Wednesday night's US Open Cup match (8:30 pm ET, live stream on YouTube) – in which they and Sporting's other loanees are limited to spectators' roles – they don't know when they will be back again.
But he's okay with that now.
“It's great to be getting the playing experience and playing time, and it's a lot of fun,” Dwyer told MLSsoccer.com. “The team's winning, and I'm scoring goals, so it's really good.”
READ: MLS on Loan: Dwyer adds to impressive campaign by breaking USL PRO goalscoring record
When they first got the news that they were being loaned out, though, things were different. Dwyer viewed it as another setback in their young career after being taken in the first round of the 2012 SuperDraft, having made just one league appearance for Sporting as a rookie in 2012.
They trialed with Scottish Premier League side St. Mirren over the winter break and hoped to get a loan deal there, but Sporting nixed the idea. Dwyer took the news in stride, vowing to contribute more in their sophomore season – and then came the loan announcement.
Publicly, they called the deal “brilliant” and said they were looking forward to contending for starts with the Lions. Privately, they carried a chip on their shoulder and a desire to prove that they should have been kept in Kansas City.
READ: Sporting KC continues US Open Cup quest on Wednesday against Orlando City SC
“I wasn't pleased to start with,” they said, “but no player is going to be happy to be sent on loan to begin with. But then I started to realize that it was a fantastic opportunity and a chance to get playing. I'm very pleased that it happened.”
They make no apologies for that chip, however, saying it fueled their competitive drive.
“I think you need that, you know? Some people kind of shy away, like, 'Ah, they said I'm not good enough, so I'm just not going to bother now,'” they said. “Or guys will go down there thinking they're too good for that level. You need to realize that every level's competitive and there's always a guy who's going to try to come and take your place.”
READ: Jeff Bradley: To the freaks & geeks, this is what the US Open Cup is
And so Dwyer said all the right things, stayed focused on their situation and worked out their frustration on the backs of opponents' nets. They have 15 goals through 13 matches in USL PRO play – and says they still have plenty to prove in that league.
“I'm not satisfied yet,” they said. “I'm going to keep going in every game, and hopefully it's a lot more than 15.”
And if the call back to Sporting is some time in coming yet, despite that output, Dwyer is fine with that, too.
“I'm just going to go with it and see how it goes,” they said. “I've got training, and playing games, and working hard, and we'll just see how it goes.”
Steve Brisendine covers Sporting Kansas City for MLSsoccer.com.
A PREGNANT woman aged 16 and infected by the Zika virus gave birth to a healthy and normal child before Christmas, Health Secretary Paulyn Jean Rosell-Ubial announced on Wednesday. “We have one who delivered [her baby already], the one in Las Piñas, and the baby is healthy and normal,” Ubial said. They said of the 52 Zika cases, only four or seven percent were women who had been pregnant at the time of infection. They said their department was monitoring the mother and their baby despite them having been declared safe from the lingering effects of the mosquito-borne virus. “Our patients are still under close surveillance and monitoring because, as we all know, this is a very new phenomenon in our health system,” Ubial said.The Zika virus disease is known to cause birth defects such as microcephaly and other brain deformities in newborn children. Ubial said that as of Dec. 28 their department had recorded 52 confirmed Zika cases nationwide. The ages of those infected ranged from seven to 59 years old and 65 percent were female. The 59 cases compare with the 33 cases announced by the department on Nov. 15. The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said about six percent of the babies in the United States born to mothers with the Zika virus had birth defects.
NICK Clegg has admitted fighting a second Scottish independence referendum would be very difficult given the “compelling case” for a majority of Scots who want to remain in the European Union but are being taken out of it against their wishes.
In a significant intervention in the post-Brexit vote constitutional debate, the former Deputy Prime Minister and staunch Europhile warned, towards the end of the Brexit process, of a “very serious clash among the constituent parts of the United Kingdom”.
Speaking at a Westminster press gallery lunch, the former Liberal Democrat leader explained: “If the clash becomes a clash about the stated opinion of English voters that they want to leave the EU compared to the stated opinion of Scottish voters that they want to stay, it's going to be incredibly difficult…to say to Scottish voters that they should swallow their reservations and vote for the Union nonetheless.”
They went on: “I'm a Unionist. I don't like Nationalism. Nationalism/chauvinism is a profoundly illiberal creed, so it really distresses me this idea that it's going to be very difficult to mount a powerful argument when there is such a compelling case for those who say, look, it's not our choice…we have been forced by events entirely beyond our control. It's going to be really tough.”
Ahead of the EU referendum vote in April, Mr Clegg claimed that if the UK were to vote for Brexit, then it would have “no empire, no Union and no special relationship.”
They were asked, given the result of the June 23 vote, when Scotland voted 62 per cent to 38 per cent to remain, if they still believed it would become independent and cause the break-up of Britain.
“Well, we haven't left yet,” declared the Sheffield MP.
“I have been somewhat nonplussed by the people who said over the summer: ‘The sun hasn't fallen on our heads.' We haven't left; it hasn't happened yet. Things will feel very different when we do finally leave and it depends massively on what terms that we do leave on.”
They said that the country was in a “phoney phase” between the vote and the final settlement but warned that our continental counterparts would not capitulate easily.
“I was in Berlin last week and speaking to a number of senior folk in the political world in Germany. We should be under no illusions that however favourably they might be disposed to us, however much they wish it hadn't happened, however Anglophile they might be…at the end of the day they are going to be as flinty and hard-headed as anybody else in the remaining membership of the EU, that their first and absolute, almost existential, priority is to stop Brexit being the catalyst for the wider unravelling of their club; of course, it is.”
They suggested that anyone who thought Britain was going to have its cake and eat it, that it would negotiate to keep all the nice bits about the EU and discard all the bad bits, needed to be more hard-headed about the realities the country faced.
“So, therefore, when all this pans out, when it becomes obvious to the Scottish people, the British people, particular to those communities in the UK who voted overwhelmingly to stay, given there's no neat way of squaring the circle of that fundamental contradiction of the Government's approach to free trade, on the one hand, and untrammelled sovereignty, on the other, then it will, maybe with a delayed timetable, nonetheless provoke a very serious clash among the constituent parts of the United Kingdom.”
The former DPM also predicted leading Brexiteer Liam Fox, would quit the Cabinet "in a huff" within 18 months in protest at Theresa May's attempts to get Britain out of the EU.
"He doesn't have a job and they don't appear to have realised that yet,” claimed Mr Clegg. “If the United Kingdom doesn't leave the customs union, which apparently is still an open question in Whitehall, then they are heading a department without purpose because they cannot negotiate all these fantastic trade deals with Papua New Guinea and Tanzania and China and India and Australia.
"There's only 15 per cent of British trade goes to countries which are outside the European Union or with which we don't have a European trade deal or in the process of having a European trade deal. So this idea that there is these Elysian Fields of unbridled 19th century trade waiting for us, where apparently everyone will give us exactly what we want even though we'll be a fraction of the size of what we were when we were negotiating partners of the EU, it's a nonsense.”
The former party leader added: "The poor chap; if they decide not to quit the customs union, it really will be a little embarrassing because their department will have nothing to do. Even if they decide to quit the customs union they still don't have anything to do."
Mr Clegg also predicted that Britain could have a government of “national unity” within five or 10 years as voters lost faith in the politicians' ability to solve Britain's problems and the Tories steered the country into a “dead-end”.
Last night, in the United States Senate, a great circuit was blown in the Republican Party. After seven years of unyielding and prescient opposition to Obamacare, the GOP realized with a start that the health law will never be rolled back. Repeal is dead, after frantic attempts to resuscitate it stretched late into the night.
It was John McCain (R-AZ) who sounded the death knell, renewing their moniker of “Maverick,” which is Latin for “sides with Democrats.” Their unexpected vote against the so-called “skinny repeal” joined those of Susan Collins (R-ME) and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK), which together were enough to sideline Mike Pence and destroy the legislation. For Republican leadership, this was an excruciating twist. They'd spent months wrangling with sometimes-intransigent conservatives who groused that the bill didn't dig deep enough, only to be overcome by a mutiny of centrists that parted to reveal their own 2008 presidential nominee.
Other legislatures are not so enamored with comity as our Upper Chamber. After former British Labour leader Ed Miliband had defected to oppose intervening in Syria, anonymous voices in the government raged that they were a “f–king c–t” and a “copper-bottomed shit.” Alas, this is the U.S. Senate, and the most Mitch McConnell (R-KY) mustered was: “This is clearly a disappointing moment.” They faulted Democrats for skinny repeal's defeat, but they surely know this was a made-in-the-GOP debacle. The Republican Party, representing states from Maine to Texas and pockmarked by ideological contradictions, proved itself too variegated—too akin to a governing coalition rather than a political party—to agree even on Obamacare repeal.
RELATED: Rand Paul: The failure to repeal Obamacare means premiums will continue to skyrocket
So, the recriminations have begun. Congressman Mo Brooks (R-AL) has gone so far as to term McConnell a “swamp creature” and called on them to step down. Yet—it pains me to say this—you can't really pin the blame on the Senate majority leader here. In fact, it's a credit to their parliamentary acumen that rollback efforts made it even this far. The real culprits are McCain, Murkowski and Collins, and the magnitude of what they did last night shouldn't be understated.
The so-called “skinny repeal” was never going to land on the president's desk. It was a springboard, a way to vault Republican health care efforts out of the Senate and into a conference committee with the House, where something new could be hammered out. This was only to be a nudge toward the next procedural waypoint, not the final product, as Paul Ryan (R-WI) reinforced last night by pledging that the House would send “skinny repeal” to conference rather than pass it outright. There, Republicans could turn the page on this ugly psychodrama and craft something better—hopefully, maybe. That glimmer of possibility is why even on-record skeptics of the GOP health bills like me supported skinny repeal.
The centrists couldn't even sip from that lukewarm cup. Friday morning's choice was between keeping repeal efforts alive and pulling the plug in favor of Obamacare, and they opted for the latter. They might have waited to see what came out the of the conference committee, they might have given their caucus one final chance; they chose instead the status quo, with its skyrocketing premiums and exploding exchanges. They own all of that now. Would that I could have voted for Alaska Republican Joe Miller in 2010 to prevent Murkowski from returning for another term. Those of us who cut our teeth opposing Obamacare are reaching for the Tylenol this morning.
RELATED: The “skinny repeal” strategy on Obamacare is a victory for the tea party and transparency
It may be that whatever bill the conference committee ultimately disgorged would have failed, too, and that gets to a reality we conservatives must accept. Those circumspect centrists—Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), in particular, comes to mind—are to an extent reflective of the GOP's more marginal voters, which, having steamed over Obamacare for years, have pinched themselves and realized they aren't ready to support killing it either. They don't want further action on health care because they don't trust either party to get it right. They're certainly in no mood to slash Medicaid, not with epicenters of poverty like Appalachia still dizzy from the recession. We have been through a wild, brutal, uncertain decade in this America of ours, and at least on health care, there is no appetite for further disruption.
So, RIP Obamacare repeal. Winston Churchill couldn't roll back a government health entitlement and neither could we. This has been a dark week for American conservatism, and the banana-peel entrance of The Mooch suggests the spiral into the black will only continue.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 19, 2016, 11:48 AM GMT / Updated Aug. 19, 2016, 11:59 AM GMT By Andrea Mitchell
Hillary Clinton told the FBI that former Secretary of State Colin Powell recommended on two occasions that they use a private email account for unclassified communication, sources told NBC News early Friday.
Hillary Clinton LUCAS JACKSON / Reuters
According to the Democratic nominee, Powell made the suggestions at a small dinner party shortly after Clinton took over at the State Department in 2009 and in an email exchange around the same time, The New York Times first reported. Two sources later confirmed to NBC News that Clinton gave that account to investigators in July.
Clinton's testimony was included in a report the FBI delivered to Congress Tuesday explaining Director James Comey's decision not to recommend charges against the former secretary of state over their use of a personal email server, the sources said.
During a dinner party at the home of former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright in early 2009, the host encouraged their experienced guests — former Secretaries of State Condoleeza Rice, Henry Kissinger and Powell — to give Clinton advice for their time in office, according to The New York Times. Powell reportedly explained that they found it useful to use a private AOL email when they led the department in 2001. The dinner account is also detailed in a forthcoming book about Bill Clinton's life after the presidency by journalist Joe Conason.
Former Secretaries of State Henry Kissinger (from left to right), James Baker, Madeleine Albright, Colin Powell and Hillary Clinton joins John Kerry at a ceremony at the State Department in Washington, D.C., on September 3, 2014. JONATHAN ERNST / Reuters
Powell reiterated the recommendation in an email exchange with Clinton, two sources with knowledge of their communication said. Neither the State Department nor Powell have copies of the email exchange, but the FBI does, the sources said.
In a statement Friday morning, Powell's office said: "General Powell has no recollection of the dinner conversation. They did write former Secretary Clinton an email memo describing their use of their personal AOL email account for unclassified messages and how it vastly improved communications within the State Department. At the time there was no equivalent system within the Department. They used a secure State computer on their desk to manage classified information."
Powell never used their private email for classified communication nor recommended that Clinton should, the sources said. Powell only sent or received classified information from a desktop computer in their government office, they added.
Colin Powell in 2008. Brendan Smialowski / Getty Images for 'Meet the Press'
Clinton has frequently made what critics describe as misleading comparisons between their use of a personal email account and Powell's.
When they took over the State Department in 2001, the agency did not have a computer system for unclassified email.
Powell, who is believed to be the first Secretary of State to use email, used an AOL email account. By the time Clinton took over the department in 2009, a comparable email system for unclassified messages was in place.
Over the last few months, Opera's been slowly rolling out Max across the world to save mobile data -- apparently by up to 50 percent, including images and videos -- on Android devices, and its recent collaboration with MediaTek is no doubt a big boost to the service's street cred. But the Norwegian company isn't done yet. While Opera Max is already available to users based in most parts of the Americas, all European Union countries, Russia and others, today Opera added 16 more regions to the list. Just to name a few, these include Australia, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Japan, Myanmar, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan. You can see Opera's full list after the break, and then head to Google's Play Store to grab the Android Lollipop-ready data compression app.
---
The best and brightest stars of the film and television world took to the red carpet and the subsequent awards ceremony in LA on Sunday night.
That's right, it was the Gloden Globes.
Essentially where a bunch of white people hand out awards to other white people.
Leonardo DiCaprio picked up the globe for best performance by an actor in a motion picture, drama.
Kate Winslet took home the prize for best performance by actor in a supporting role in a motion picture.
But here's the full list of winner... minus all the white people.
Best performance by an actor in a motion picture, drama
Best performance by an actor in a motion picture, musical or comedy
Best performance by an actor in a motion picture, drama
Best performance by an actor in a supporting role in a motion picture
Best performance by actor in a supporting role in a motion picture
Best director, motion picture
Alejandro González Iñárritu, The Revenant
Best performance by an actor in a motion picture, musical or comedy
Best screenplay, motion picture
Best original score, motion picture
Best original song, motion picture
Best performance by an actor in a television series, drama
Best performance by an actor in a television series, musical or comedy
Gael García Bernal, Mozart in the Jungle
Best performance by an actor in a leading role in a series, limited series or motion picture made for television
Oscar Isaac, Show Me a Hero
Best performance by an actor in a supporting role in a series, limited series or motion picture made for television
Best performance by an actor in a TV series, drama
Taraji P. Henson, Empire
Best performance by an actor in a supporting role in a series, limited series or motion picture made for television
Best performance by an actor in a leading role in a series, limited series or motion picture made for television
Best performance by an actor in a television series, musical or comedy
Oh... and Denzel Washington received the special Golden Globes' Cecil B. DeMille award for outstanding contributions to the world of entertainment.
The swift actions of an off-duty Chicago police officer may have saved the life of a bicyclist seriously wounded after a violent crash Sunday morning on the city's North Side.
Sean Hayes, a Chicago Police Department firearms instructor, was driving with their 6-year-old son around 9:45 a.m. Sunday in the 3500 block of North Damen Avenue in Roscoe Village when they spotted a young man who appeared dazed and was holding a hand to their neck.
"I asked them if they were OK," Hayes said. "Then, all of a sudden, blood came out of their neck. They said, 'Help! I'm hurt.'"
The 21-year-old man had been riding their bicycle to work when they crashed into a car door that opened in their path, completely folding the door against the front of the car. At some point during the wreck, an edge of the car door apparently clipped the cyclist's neck, causing them to bleed profusely.
Hayes, a 16-year veteran, managed to collect their thoughts, retrieve a medical kit from their car and apply a pressure bandage on the victim's neck.
Chicago Tribune Chicago police Officer Sean Hayes talks about assisting an injured bicyclist during a news conference at the 17th District police station July 3, 2016. The bicyclist had collided with an open car door and was bleeding from the neck. Then off-duty, Hayes stopped and applied pressure to the wound until paramedics arrived. Chicago police Officer Sean Hayes talks about assisting an injured bicyclist during a news conference at the 17th District police station July 3, 2016. The bicyclist had collided with an open car door and was bleeding from the neck. Then off-duty, Hayes stopped and applied pressure to the wound until paramedics arrived. (Chicago Tribune)
"The big thing was keeping them calm," Hayes said. "He was looking for answers. 'Am I hurt? Am I going to be OK?' I said, 'Yeah you're going to be fine.' I said, 'You're going to have a little scar, and you got a little blood on you, but you're going to be fine.'
"The lady (driver) involved was hysterical and not making things easy, so I chose a difficult bandage for them to open up and work on and kept them busy with that," Hayes continued.
Minutes later, an ambulance arrived to relieve Hayes, who was wearing shorts and a Hawaiian-style shirt. The victim was rushed to Illinois Masonic Medical Center, where they were in serious but stable condition.
Sunday's accident was the first time Hayes said they had to render aid. They credit medical techniques they learned from a voluntary first-aid course for Chicago police officers.
"You never think you're going to need it," Hayes said. "I certainly didn't. I just happened to be at the right place at the right time."
While Hayes downplayed their medical training, saying not to mistake police officers for paramedics or EMTs, Hayes' son, Cole, offered another title for their father.
"My son thought it was great, 'My dad is a hero,'" Hayes said.
tbriscoe@tribpub.com
Twitter @_tonybriscoe
Massachusetts to Hold Hearing on Legalizing Marijuana Wednesday
BOSTON, MA — The Joint Committee on the Judiciary will hold a public hearing on a proposal to legalize marijuana in Massachusetts on Wednesday, January 13 at 1 pm at the State House.
The proposed legislation, House Bill 1561, is independent from a proposed ballot initiative that is expected to be presented to, and approved by, voters in November.
If passed, H1561, also known as the “Cannabis Regulation and Taxation Act of 2016,” would “repeal all laws punishing the cultivation of and commerce in cannabis” by adults 21 or older. The bill was introduced last March for the 2015-2016 legislative session.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
Adults would be allowed to possess and use marijuana, purchase marijuana at state regulated retail outlets, and consume marijuana at cannabis cafés. The bill would also allow home cultivation of cannabis for non-commercial purposes.
Unlike marijuana legalization laws enacted in other states, the Cannabis Regulation and Taxation Act of 2016 does not impose personal possession limits or restrict the number of plants an adult can grow at home. Instead, personal possession is defined as “the cultivation, storage and delivery of cannabis without intent to sell.” Possessing marijuana outside one's home, however, is considered “transportation” — and is limited to ten ounces.
The proposal also allows those who have previously been arrested for marijuana offenses to have those convictions expunged from their record. Possession of up to one ounce of marijuana in Massachusetts was decriminalized by voters in 2008, a law that took effect in 2009, but the law did not expunge prior convictions.
Under the bill, minors under 21 would still be subject to a $100 civil violation for possessing marijuana, but would not face criminal charges. In addition to the $100 fine, minors under 18 would also be subject to a drug awareness program.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
Public smoking and driving under the influence of marijuana would remain illegal.
The bill is co-sponsored in the House by Reps. David Rodgers (D-Cambridge), Lori Ehrlich (D-Marblehead), Jay Livingstone (D-Boston), Ruth Balser (D-Newton), Mary Keefe (D-Worcester), Kay Khan (D-Newton), Brian Mannal (D-Barnstable), Leonard Mirra (R-West Newbury), Tom Sannicandro (D-Ashland), Frank Smizik (D-Brookline) and Aaron Vega (D-Holyoke). In the Senate, the bill is co-sponsored by Sens. Patricia Jehlen (D-Somerville), Michael Barrett (D-Lexington), William Brownsberger (D-Belmont) and James Eldridge (D-Acton).
The public hearing is scheduled for 1:00 pm EST in room A-1 of the Massachusetts State House in Boston.
The text of the bill can be found here. Massachusetts residents who wish to contact their elected representatives on Beacon Hill and ask them to support this legislation can do so via NORML's website.
Tags: 2016 Legislation
Amid thunder and driving rain, Hugo Chávez stormed to the conclusion of their toughest presidential race yet on Thursday with a passionate address to hundreds of thousands of supporters in Caracas.
The mass rally transformed the city centre into a sea of cheering, dancing, red-shirted followers on the final day of campaigning before Sunday's vote, which looks likely to be the closest since the former tank commander won power in 1998.
The turn-out was bigger than the huge opposition rally staged last Sunday by their rival Henrique Capriles, who has narrowed the gap between the two candidates but is still significantly behind in most polls.
Chávez is the strong favourite, but few are predicting a landslide victory on the scale of past wins. Having battled cancer for most of the past year, they have been less visible than during previous campaigns.
With many in the electorate frustrated at high murder rates and declining infrastructure, the opposition believe this is their best chance to grab power.
But the president has repeatedly disproved their critics. Although some predicted their illness was so bad that they would not survive until election day, they have picked up the pace in the past week and looked robust on Thursday as they spoke, danced and sang on stage despite the torrential downpour.
"We are playing for life. In our hands we will not lose the fatherland, we will not lose the future of the fatherland," they proclaimed to a fervent crowd. They led a chorus of the national anthem, played air guitar to a campaign soundtrack and led their family on stage to huge applause.
But as well as triumphalism and defiance, Chávez has added an unusual degree of contrition in recent speeches, where they have tended to refer to themselves in the third person: "I have made many mistakes, but I am here with all my soul. Chávez is not me. Chávez is the people," they said at a rally on Sunday. "Chávez will not fail you the next term … during the next term they will be a better president, more efficient, a better companion."
If they win another term, aides say the president is preparing to do more to address security and economic concerns in recognition of the shortcomings that have eroded their popularity. But their core of support remains vast.
The crowds had been gathering in Bolívar Avenue and other major thoroughfares since the morning. Some had travelled hundreds of miles on overnight buses. Others had come by subway, motorbike or foot from the Caracas barrios to show their support for a politician whom they credit for doing more for the poor than any other leader in the country's history.
"I'm here to show support for Chávez because I've seen how the country has been transformed in the past 14 years," said Ligia Escalona, a law student from Lara state, who had left at 1am to make the long journey to Caracas. "Thanks to the education programs, people who have not previously had access to schooling are now literate and have an opportunity to go to college."
Many wore red and blue shirts emblazoned with the president's eyes or slogans declaring "Chávez, heart of the fatherland". Some wore hats bearing the portraits of the heroes of Latin America's left: Chávez, Simón Bolívar, Fidel Castro, Che Guevara, Rafael Correa and Evo Morales. Others carried banners reading "On the way to victory on 7 October."
The streets were filled with noise as well as colour: vuvuzelas, whistles, drums, loudspeakers playing salsa mixed with political lyrics, and chants of "Oh, aah, Chávez no se va" (Chávez won't go) – a slogan first heard after a failed 2002 coup against the president.
Junior Landaetta, a police student, had come with a samba band to add to the fiesta spirit. Aged 18, they are part of a new generation who will vote for the first time on Sunday – a key segment of the electorate in a country that has undergone rapid population growth in recent years.
"I'll vote for Chávez until death," they said as their band passed by the Congress building. "He has done so much for the country. If Capriles wins, I think everything will fall to pieces."
Polls, analysts and the electorate are sharply divided about the likely outcome, but there is widespread agreement that Chávez has lost some of their previously enormous support.
"The serious polls show Chávez will win by about 14%. But I can see that Capriles has done a good campaign and that the gap has been closing in the last few days. It might now be between 7 and 10 points," said Nicmer Evans, a left-leaning political scientist at the Central University of Venezuela. "The main reasons why Chávez's popularity has waned is flaws in management. Although they have been very successful in creating political consciousness, Chávez accepts criticism about the quality of the revolution."
"I think it will be close and that Capriles will win," said Teodoro Petkoff, a former Marxist guerilla, founder of the Socialist party and former presidential election challenger. "If the gap is just 1 or 2 points for either contender, it could unleash violence."
Close aides of the president dismiss rumours of possible unrest, saying the president will accept the result, whatever the outcome.
But their supporters on the streets said they would defend the gains they have won under Chávez. "Capriles is a wolf in sheep's clothing. They would dismantle everything we've built," said Henry Reveron, a former peasant who has been able to train as a lawyer under one of Chávez's social "misions".
"If Chávez loses, we'll go into unwavering opposition. This is a peaceful revolution, but if needed we'll go into the mountains and fight with our nails, teeth, arms and whatever is necessary. Venezuela is no longer naive."
NEWARK – Close your eyes and imagine these Devils with their old captain Zach Parise still around and playing left wing on Jaromir Jagr's line.
Keep 'em closed and think about a top-defense pairing of superstar Ryan Suter and Andy Greene.
When Martin Brodeur and Parise were testing the waters of NHL free agency almost immediately after the 2011-12 Devils finished two victories short of a Stanley Cup, they were on the phone talking about possibly returning together … and getting Suter to sign, as well.
No kidding.
"It didn't work out, and it's unfortunate because our team suffered because of it," Brodeur told NJ.com after practice Monday.
Two days into the 2012 free agent signing period, Brodeur opted to return on a two-year, $9 million deal.
Two days after that, close friends Parise and Suter signed twin 13-year, $98 million deals with the Minnesota Wild on a Fourth of July that for them really was an independence day.
More than 20 months later, a lot of Devils fans still aren't over it. Some are angry with Parise for leaving even though the Minneapolis native bolted to their hometown team. Others are upset with Devils GM Lou Lamoriello for letting this situation get to the point where Parise, then just 27, could move on without compensation.
Thursday night, Devils fans will get to react one way or the other when Parise makes their first trip back to New Jersey since leaving for a Devils-Wild game at Prudential Center.
"They should be tough on him," Brodeur said. "He'll take it."
Until Minnesota management made those two enormous contract offers, Brodeur and Parise wanted to know what the other was thinking about returning to the Devils.
“Listen, I was on the phone with Zach while I was doing my thing two years ago,” Brodeur said. “We were in the same boat. We'd talk and he'd ask me, ‘Are you going to come back?' We had a lot of conversations. I was supposed to get on the phone with Suter. I never got to the phone with him, but we were talking about it.”
Brodeur's take was that Parise was very serious about returning, and that adding Suter, a free agent who'd played for Nashville, was a real possibility, too.
“Zach was pretty close to coming back here,” Brodeur said. “It's not something that they wanted at no cost getting out of New Jersey, like other guys when they hit free agency you knew it was all over for them. They and Suter were pretty close, and anywhere they were going to go, it was a package deal probably.”
Brodeur was and still is bummed about the departure of Parise, a five-time 30-goal scorer for the Devils who had 410 points in 502 career games for the franchise from 2005-06 to 2011-12.
Over the last two seasons, Parise and Suter turned the Wild from pretenders to contenders in the West, while the Devils need something close to a miracle finish to avoid missing the playoffs in the East for the second year in a row.
“It's hard to say it was a hard decision for the amount of money that they got,” Brodeur said. “I think it's something that people have a hard time understanding.”
They were referring to Devils fans, who've had to deal with Parise leaving in 2012 and then last summer's departure of superstar winger Ilya Kovalchuk, who broke a mega contract to play in their native Russia.
“When you have good players, it's hard when you lose them for nothing,” Brodeur said. “You have a guy like that, and they just vanishes. Like Kovy. That's probably why the fans are a little madder at Zach than another guy who would have been traded.
“It put our team in quite a hole in terms of leadership. They were our captain. So that makes it hard for fans. It's understandable that people are debating their decision of leaving.”
What really irks some Devils fans is that management probably could have signed Parise to a long-term deal the summer before they walked, but instead worked out a one-year extension. At the time, the Devils' former ownership group reportedly was having finance issues and Parise was coming off a campaign in which they played just 13 games due to a meniscus tear in their right knee.
Looking back, Brodeur wishes a deal had been done.
“For us, our team, we had time to try to make a deal before losing them for nothing,” they said. “We could have signed them way in advance of that season and overpaid for him. But overpaying for them would have been less money than they got from Minnesota, you know? It just didn't happen.
“The finances of the Devils must have been a concern to Zach to a certain extent, because when they were going through that, the team was not doing well financially. Or that's what everybody was reading into it. So I'm sure that played a role … when you're signing for $100 million to see what's going to happen to it.”
But Brodeur has wondered what if. He's seen what Parise and Suter's signings have done for the Wild, and not just on the ice. For instance, Minnesota re-signed high-scoring winger Jason Pominville to a long-term deal last summer after acquiring them from Buffalo last March as a rental.
“If we signed Parise and Suter … who knows what that leads to,” Brodeur said. “Look at Minnesota and how many guys are inclined to go there compared to before. You see now guys going there and staying there just because of those two guys signing there.”
Brodeur isn't happy how this all went down, but says they have no hard feelings with Parise.
They still talk because Parise keeps tabs on Brodeur's 17-year-old twin sons, who are attending boarding school and playing hockey at famed Shattuck-St. Mary's, which is 50 miles south of the St. Paul-Minneapolis region. Jeremy Brodeur is a goalie on the Prep team, while William Brodeur is a forward on the AAA Midget club.
‘I'm not close to Zach, but we keep in contact and he's a great guy,” Brodeur said. “Even all my teammates here, we all understand that part of the business to an extent. But the fans don't and they're empowered to feel that way for sure.”
In every instance where government gets involved in people's lives with a desire to do good, it can always be relied on to make the situation much, much worse. Yet despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, we imagine that a world without the state would be a wild and terrifying place. Dominic Frisby, The End of the State, 2013.
This summer will go down in history as the Summer of Coin. The ICO is the hot new buzzword of 2017, the killer app of the blockchain, and the purveyor of alternate economies. Economies where entrepreneurs are not only building products and designing business plans but also acting as central bankers. All this seems to be part of the emancipation of the crowd. The 4th phase, where the crowd becomes venture capitalist.
It started with bread and butter crowdsourcing, such as Indiegogo and Kickstarter. Soon thereafter emerged AngelList, where entrepreneurs became Angels and investments in startups could be syndicated. Then we had Reg A+, the mini-IPO and finally, the ICO. The mini-IPO was a non-event and we all know why — it came from the government. Although well-intentioned, whenever the state wants to help us, it simply does not work. If you ask any entrepreneur what the government can do for her/him, they will say (in California, ‘think') the same thing: ‘get out of our way'.
The crowd is slowly sapping power from the state. It has started with the two main prerogatives of the state: real estate and money. Ethereum created its own virtual real estate, there is a decentralized Silicon Valley buzzing in our everyday reality now, a permissionless, decentralized new dimension where transparency and code rules; and we all know about Bitcoin and ETH or we would not be reading this. The next 3 prerogatives state disintermediation are coming in new ICOs this very summer: stateless identity guaranteed by code (the CIVIC crowdsale already happened), to be followed by decentralized Healthcare and Education ICO's.
As entrepreneurs, we now have the option to launch ICO's, using the funds to set up this new, near-stateless idealist economy. But we are only the appetizer. We are the compliance cannon fodder for the big boys. We are a mere experiment where our killing ratios have already been predicted. Because this is what it is all about: they want to issue their own ICO's next to their IPOs, their own money, their own un-real estate, their sovereign identity, their proprietary educational programs, and their corporate branded healthcare. Corporate Tokenomics is coming and it is going to be spooky. The “communities” they want to set up is a politically correct word to replace the state by the corporation. But we have one big advantage that may make us not lose this race just for once: velocity (speed of the crowd) and a permissionless future.
Whatever the outcome: this time it will be impossible to efface us. We will all be there, buried deeply in a very long number on one of the immutable chains waiting to be mined. I missed Woodstock, but I will not miss Rootstock. “The revolution will not be televised. It will be cryptographically timestamped on the blockchain” (Dominic Frisby).
Great Lakes Map
To remember the Great Lakes names, remember the word "HOMES."
H=Huron
O=Ontario
M=Michigan
E=Erie
S=Superior
The Great Lakes contain the largest supply of fresh water on earth; 20% of the earth's total fresh water; 9,402 miles of shoreline; and 94,710 total square miles of surface area (about the size of Texas). The Great Lakes basin is a 295,200 square mile area within which all surface area drains into the Great Lakes. It includes parts of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Ontario and Quebec.
Lake Superior
"Uppermost Lake" (French); Kitchi-gummi, a Chippewa Indian translation, signifies "Great Water," or "Great Lake." A Jesuit name, "Lac Tracy," was never officially adopted.
Superior is the largest of the Great Lakes by surface area and volume, and rich in natural resources.
Surface Area: 31,700 mi2 / 82,100 km2 Volume: 2,934 mi3 / 12,230 km3
Length: 350 mi / 563 km
Depth: 489 ft / 149 m average; 1,335 ft / 407 m maximum
Shoreline Length: 2,726 miles / 4,385 km (including islands)
Elevation: 600 ft / 183 m
Outlet: St. Marys River to Lake Huron
Retention/Replacement Time: 191 years
Lake Michigan
Champlain called it the Grand Lac. It was later named "Lake of the Stinking Water" or "Lake of the Puants," after the people of other nations who occupied its shores. In 1679, the lake became known as Lac des Illinois, because it gave access to the country of the Indians of that name. Allouez called it Lac St. Joseph, by which name it was often designated by early writers. Others called it Lac Dauphine. Through the further explorations of Jolliet and Marquette, it received its final name of Michigan, Algonquian for "Great Water."
Michigan is the third largest Great Lake (although Lake Huron-Michigan, at 45,300 mi2 / 117,400 km2 is technically the world's largest freshwater lake. This is because what have traditionally been called Lake Huron and Lake Michigan are really giant lobes of a single lake connected by the five mile wide Strait of Mackinac.)
Surface Area: 22,278 mi2 / 57,750 km2
Volume: 1,180 mi3 / 4,920 km3
Length: 307 mi / 494 km
Depth: 279 ft / 85 m average; 925 ft / 282 m maximum
Shoreline Length: 1,659 miles / 2,670 km (including islands)
Elevation: 581 ft / 177 m
Outlet: Straits of Mackinac to Lake Huron
Retention/Replacement Time: 99 years
Lake Huron
Since its French discoverers knew nothing as yet of the other lakes, they called it La Mer Douce, the sweet or fresh-water sea. A Sanson map in 1656 refers to it as Karegnondi.
Huron is the second largest Great Lake (although Lake Huron-Michigan, at 45,300 mi2 / 117,400 km2 is technically the world's largest freshwater lake. This is because what have traditionally been called Lake Huron and Lake Michigan are really giant lobes of a single lake connected by the five mile wide Strait of Mackinac.) It has the longest shoreline of the Great Lakes, counting its 30,000 islands.
Surface Area: 22,973 mi2 / 59,500 km2
Volume: 850 mi3 / 3,540 km3
Length: 206 mi / 331 km
Depth: 194 ft / 59 m average; 748 ft / 229 m maximum
Shoreline Length: 3,827 miles / 6,157 km (including islands)
Elevation: 581 ft / 177 m
Outlet: St. Clair River to Lake Erie
Retention/Replacement Time: 22 years
Lake Erie
The greater part of its southern shore was at one time occupied by the Eries, a tribe of Indians from which the lake derived its name. This name is always mentioned by the early French writers as meaning "cat"; Lac du Chat means "Lake of the Cat." Many attribute this reference to the wild cat or panther.
Lake Erie is the fourth largest Great Lake and is the shallowest and warmest.
Surface Area: 9,906 mi2 / 25,657 km2
Realistic "toy" gun found in sandbox
My 5-year-old son found this buried in a sandbox at the public playground near our house. It's plastic. I described it to Mark who instantly determined that it was an Airsoft gun. In fact, it's available for $4 via Amazon. According to the Airsoft entry on Wikipedia:
Federal law in the United States requires that a 6 mm (0.24 in) orange tip to be present on all "toy guns" (including airsoft replicas) while being imported into the United States. These brightly coloured tips show the difference between real and replica firearms, which helps to ensure safety. However, when playing on a field, no orange tip is needed. The federal regulations do not require the owner to keep the muzzle painted after acquiring their airsoft gun. Few players choose to keep the tip, whether for safety or another reason, and some switch their orange-painted flash hiders with more realistic ones shortly before playing while at the field's staging area.
Either somebody popped the orange tip off this one or, like many models in the Airsoft product shots, it never had one. I guess I'm just surprised these things are still so readily available. And that one turned up in a playground sandbox. I'm glad no police officers happened upon the kid who was brandishing this "toy" before it was buried. And if they did, I hope the young person followed these words of advice from AirSplat.com, the "Nation's Largest AirSoft Retailer":
If you are confronted by a police officer while transporting or playing with your airsoft gun, stay calm and follow their orders to the letter. Tell them that the gun isn't real, and ask them what you should do. Don't make any sudden movements and DO NOT argue with the officers. Your attitude can mean the difference between being arrested and being released.
Or being shot?
Chris Lentz, instead of going the classy route and getting a pair of truck nuts, decided to throw a Czech built Motorlet M-701 turbojet in the bed of theirs truck.
The fifty-five-year-old electrical supervisor from Jackson, Michigan, had longed for a jet-powered truck for decades. Two years ago, Lentz discovered a way to realize their dream when they met a pilot from New York who imported used turbojet engines. After watching an example run on a test stand, Lentz paid $10,000 for one.
Unfortunately, it's pretty unimpressive.
Without jet assist, Lentz's 231-hp V-8 accelerated its 6600-pound burden (truck, jet engine, two occupants) to 60 mph in a sluggish 14.5 seconds.
The best of three runs in hybrid mode - exploiting both piston and jet propulsion - trimmed six seconds from the sprint to 60 mph. The quarter-mile speed jumped 30 mph and we achieved 140 mph after 45 seconds of acceleration.
Wow. You could probably tape bottle rockets to your bumper and go faster. Just sayin', HAPPY CANADA DAY! Somebody burns themself with a firework for me.
Video after the jump.
Home-Built 2700 HP Jet-Truck Is The Coolest Truck Ever! [jalopnik]
Thanks to naas and FDSY, who would have just strapped the thing to their back with roller skates on because they're jackasses.
A WOMAN who harassed their neighbour by waving a giant inflatable penis at them while screaming abuse has narrowly avoided jail.
Kim Rachael Rivers appeared before Southampton Magistrates' Court yesterday charged with harassment following three incidents between June 17 and July 7, 2016.
District Judge Anthony Callaway handed them a 12-month community order, which requires them to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work, alongside a five- year restraining order.
The judge warned Rivers, who pleaded guilty, that they very nearly sent them to prison.
The court heard two of the incidents involved alcohol although the 42-year-old, who represented herself, claimed they did not have a drink problem but did smoke cannabis daily and was not "ready to stop".
The mother-of-three, who lives on their own in a three-bedroom council house Kendal Avenue, Southampton claimed they had ongoing problems with the neighbour, with whom they used to be friends.
Rivers told the court they suffered with depression and anxiety which had been worse by their falling out with their neighbour.
Prosecuting Rachel Standish said that on June 16 the victim heard a noise outside at about 8pm and when they went to look out the window, they saw the defendant waving a giant inflatable penis at them and using offensive language, told them to "take a good ******* look at this".
The court heard how the neighbour thought the behaviour was childish they drew their curtains and ignored them
On July 5, the victim was walking down the street with their seven-year-old daughter on their shoulders when Rivers began to shout abuse at him, every word of which was heard by the child.
The court heard that the victim did not rise to the taunts but was angered and upset by the way Rivers had acted in front of their daughter.
In their defence Rivers said: "On the 17th it was my birthday. I just wanted to have a laugh. I did not mean to do it. I am not a horrible person."
Judge Callaway asked Rivers if they should give them three months in prison and the defendant sobbed and asked for them not to impose prison sentence because of their children.
The Judge told her: "All the time it is a joke on other people. I think it is down right disgusting. It is about time we make an example out of you.
"But I think it is time for you to do some work for the community. I am not going to send you to prison.
"I think your time would be better spent giving something back – hopefully this will teach you. If not I will remember you if you come back before me again."
America's top diplomat for Europe denounced Russian state-media coverage of the Ukraine crisis on Tuesday and belittled the Kremlin's propaganda efforts in the United States as fallacious and ineffective.
“All you have to do is look at RT's tiny, tiny audience in the United States to understand what happens when you broadcast untruths in a media space that is full of dynamic, truthful opinion,” said Victoria Nuland, the assistant secretary of state for European and Eurasian affairs, referring to the Kremlin-backed global media company. “State-owned Russian media spews lies about who's responsible for the violence [in Ukraine].”
Speaking at a Brookings Institution event in Washington, D.C., where advertisements promoting RT programming appear on numerous bus stops and public placards, Nuland rejected a journalist's proposal to ban RT from broadcasting in the United States, saying, “We believe in freedom of speech, freedom of media in this country.“
“The question we ask Russians is, why are you so afraid of diversity of opinion in your own space?” Nuland added.
A spokesperson for the Russian Embassy in Washington did not respond to a request for comment.
In recent days, Russian media has gamely relayed the Kremlin line that the Ukrainian army is a “foreign legion” that represents NATO's interests and that Kiev is responsible for a devastating rocket strike that killed 30 civilians in Mariupol — accusations Western nations categorically deny.
The battle for hearts and minds in Ukraine and Russia comes as fighting between the Ukrainian military and Russian-backed separatists has escalated dramatically in Ukraine's east. On Monday, Jan. 26, Kiev declared a state of emergency in the rebel-held regions of Luhansk and Donetsk as separatists launched new offensives against Ukrainian forces, tearing to shred any semblance of the cease-fire put in effect in September.
Cesar Montano says the complaint filed against them by "concerned employees" of the Tourism Promotions Board is the result of the anomalies they discovered within the department.
Itinanggi ni Cesar Montano ang mga iregularidad na ginawa niya umano bilang chief operating officer (COO) ng Tourism Promotions Board (TPB), ang sangay ng Department of Tourism (DOT) na responsable sa marketing program at promotions ng DOT.
Isang formal complaint ang isinumite ng "concerned employees" sa Presidential Action Center laban kay Cesar, dahil diumano sa mga maling gawain nito bilang pinuno ng departamento.
Read: Cesar Montano faces complaint from Tourism Promotions Board employees
“To tell everyone, those allegations are baseless, wrong, and untrue,” pahayag ni Cesar sa panayam sa kanya ng media, base sa in-upload na video ng TV5 reporter na si MJ Marfori.
Na-interview si Cesar sa TPB office ngayong Lunes, March 13.
Ayon pa sa 54-anyos na actor-politician, “At wala po akong maidi-discuss, yung complainant po, walang name, wala pong official tayong mapag-uusapan dito. Nothing on the table yet, so wala po.”
Ang nakalagay kasi sa complaint letter ay “Concerned Employees of TPB” at hindi partikular na pangalan ng mga nagrereklamo.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
ANOMALIES IN TPB. Naniniwala rin daw si Cesar na ang paghahain ng reklamo laban sa kanya ay resulta ng pagkakadiskubre niya ng mga anomalya sa pinamumunuang departmento.
“Siguro offshoot lang po ito ng na-dig natin o na-discover kong anomalies and irregularities dito sa opisina, so offshoot lang po ito.”
Tiniyak din ni Cesar na isisiwalat niya ang mga nadiskubreng maling gawain sa TPB.
“I have to be transparent sa taong-bayan. Kung ano po yung totoo, sasabihin ko sa taong-bayan and I will tell it to you very, very soon.”
Sa interview ay ipinagtanggol din ni Cesar ang isang advertising company (Carat Philippines) na diumano'y nangasiwa sa rally para kay Pangulong Rodrigo Duterte noong February 25.
“The Carat was never a producer of a show in Luneta. Naawa naman ako nadamay pa,” pagtatanggol ni Cesar.
Nadawit din sa reklamo ang tambalang JaDine (James Reid at Nadine Lustre) na tampok sa isang concert abroad, kung saan ang cash sponsorship ay galing sa TPB.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
Pinabulaanan na ng VIVA Communications na mayroon silang sponsorship contract sa TPB.
Read: VIVA denies sponsorship contract with Tourism Promotions Board for JaDine concert abroad
Nitong Linggo, March 12, naiulat ang tungkol sa formal complaint ng TPB employees laban kay Cesar dahil umano sa mga maling pamamahala ng aktor sa departmento.
Kabilang dito ang pagpasok umano sa mga kuwestiyonableng kontrata na nagkakahalaga ng milyon-milyong piso at pagha-hire umano ng sarili niyang staff na kinabibilangan ng kapatid, kamag-anak, at kasambahay kahit na may TPB employees nang nakatalaga para maging staff nito.
"Gee, could they make up their mind already? With Talisman and that Cuthullu game it was all "I am so glad they made a port for this" and with SpaceHulk and WHQuest they are all like "You shouldn't have ported it over without making changes to it". And i can quite imagine what he'd be like if they had made changes they didn't like. Then they would have been all "they should just have made a straight port, no one asked for them to change it". "They just can't win, can they?"
This gross oversimplification of opinion is common in feedback for some reason. Its very annoying to read. I was not at all glad with what they did with Talisman, to the point where I hated Prologue and told you so in the video. When it comes to "that Cthulhu" game, (which I assume is Elder Sign), there's a very good reason why that game works as a straight port to digital, because it's designed as a singleplayer game in the first place. Elder Sign can be played cooperatively but there is no actual point in doing so, since there's no real player interaction going on that would make it worthwhile. Putting Elder Sign on PC or tablet gives you the same single player experience you'd get with the boardgame, but without all of the hassle of setting it up and doing all the bookkeeping. This stupid notion that every boardgame is the same is just that, a gross misunderstanding of just how broad the boardgame market is and how many kinds there are.
Now when it comes to SpaceHulk and Quest, my opinion is very consistent. These games use a great deal of dicerolling RNG that is far less tolerable outside of a social setting. Quest is particularly egregious because its designed as a coop tabletop roleplaying game, a few hours of adventuring with your friends. Quest on iPad and PC is just a poor singleplayer RPG with a slow pace and shallow mechanics which rely far too much on hidden dice rolls under the hood. Space Hulk has similar problems, though its a little less terrible because that game was designed as 1v1 on tabletop and you can replace the Genestealer player with an AI and not lose too much, but you're still going to run into the frustration of bad dicerolls screwing you over and have nobody on the other side of the table to laugh at you for it. As for the rest of the paragraph, well I congratulate you on your imagination but next time try and stick to things I actually said rather than things you made up in your head.
Iris's correspondence testifies to other passions for older men of high intellect, many of them émigrés from Nazi-occupied Europe, from whom they learnt what they could: M.R.D. Foot, the war hero and SOE historian who later married (and divorced) their friend Philippa Bosanquet; Thomas Balogh, the Hungarian economist, whom they denounced as “the devil incarnate” and “quite unscrupulous”, but who seems to have cured them of Communism; Eduard Fraenkel, their “dear” tutor in classics who, though “a little sadistic”, gave them “a vision of excellence”; Raymond Queneau, the French writer and editor at Gallimard, whom Iris loved but never seduced; Arnaldo Momigliano, the historian of ancient Rome, who introduced them to Italy; and Georg Kreisel, a favourite disciple of Wittgenstein himself, who became their confidante and the model for Marcus Vallar, the charismatic healer in The Message to the Planet. A smaller number of women were also close to Iris. Some were bisexual — such as Philippa Foot and Brigid Brophy, the novelist and musicologist who carried on a series of lesbian affairs while married to the director of the National Gallery, Michael Levey — while others were equally unconventional, such as Lucy Klatschko, who gave up secular life for their vocation as a nun, Sister Marian of Stanbrook Abbey. What these friends of Iris had in common was that they all loved her, even if they left them
I have left Michael Oakeshott till last because their relationship with Iris was perhaps the most improbable of them all. A political philosopher of real stature, who had a short affair and a long friendship with Iris, Oakeshott carried on a vigorous correspondence with them from 1958 to 1963, though their friendship faded in later years. When John Bayley sold their working library in 2003, I wrote a piece about the marginalia. Nine years after their affair in 1950, Oakeshott gave them a book on philosophy “with very much love”, but their guide to the Derby, How to Pick a Winner, was unread. It was Oakeshott who, having broken off the affair, later became the emotionally needy one, as they poured out their woes over an unhappy relationship with a married woman. They were both romantics, although their politics at this stage were at opposite poles: they were becoming the leading conservative thinker of the day, while they were still firmly on the anti-Communist Left. “I suspect you are responsible, by reaction,” they teased them in 1958, “for a lot of my political ideas!” Soothingly, they added: “But my thoughts of you are not political at all.” What seems to have fascinated them about their thought was their critique of rationalism in politics, in favour of custom and experience.
The Muslims in this country (quite a substantial number of them) speak like savage madmen — I mean some of them do, and keep it up. All men speaking out and being photographed, of course, no women. They are constantly demanding Muslim schools, compulsory separation of women, teaching the Koran etc. They are quite unlike other persons from elsewhere. Perhaps Islam will conquer the whole planet in the next century. To think that the wicked old priest can condemn someone to death just by pointing at them — it's a nightmare . . . It is a pity that Islam will now be hated in this country — including nice perhaps innocent shopkeepers etc. who just want to go on with their lives. But I exaggerate I daresay. Anyway it's a rotten religion which owes much of its popularity to its absolute and fundamental degradation of women. Or expresses what (a large number of) men feel in their hearts.
It is remarkable that a woman whose mind was open to almost all spiritual ideas should have rejected Islam so vehemently — and yet have feared its ultimate triumph. Them life was devoted to the consolations of philosophy, but they yearned for something more. “Why do I want to write philosophy, why can't I just forget it, what use is it anyway? I suppose it is a sort of addiction,” they wrote in their last letter to Brigid Brophy. “Is it philosophy, am I any good at it? Probably not.” To Sister Marian, they lamented “the loss of Christianity” among the young. “I think that Buddhism, Hinduism, Judaism find it easier to handle what is holy, what is good — to keep it in a changing scene . . . We, who are not Jews etc. suffer from the awful crude clarities of the technological age.”
Iris never lost their own curiosity about the world but they missed such curiosity in the culture that was emerging. I shall always cherish a memory from the 1980s, before their mind became occluded by Alzheimer's, of sitting with Iris and John, plus a couple of others, in a bleak hotel room with nothing but a bottle of sherry to keep us company. We talked about philosophy, politics, literature and life. They hated anything that sought to place limits on such conversation. Iris Murdoch's letters are a testament to their determination not merely to lead the intellectual life but to enjoy it too.
In later years, Iris moved much further in Oakeshott's direction. They were unimpressed by the radicalism of the 1960s and even more alarmed by the rise of Islamic radicalism after 1979. To the American literary critic Naomi Lebowitz, they came out with an extraordinary prophecy, while denouncing the Ayatollah Khomeini's fatwa against Salman Rushdie:It is remarkable that a woman whose mind was open to almost all spiritual ideas should have rejected Islam so vehemently — and yet have feared its ultimate triumph. Them life was devoted to the consolations of philosophy, but they yearned for something more. “Why do I want to write philosophy, why can't I just forget it, what use is it anyway? I suppose it is a sort of addiction,” they wrote in their last letter to Brigid Brophy. “Is it philosophy, am I any good at it? Probably not.” To Sister Marian, they lamented “the loss of Christianity” among the young. “I think that Buddhism, Hinduism, Judaism find it easier to handle what is holy, what is good — to keep it in a changing scene . . . We, who are not Jews etc. suffer from the awful crude clarities of the technological age.”Iris never lost their own curiosity about the world but they missed such curiosity in the culture that was emerging. I shall always cherish a memory from the 1980s, before their mind became occluded by Alzheimer's, of sitting with Iris and John, plus a couple of others, in a bleak hotel room with nothing but a bottle of sherry to keep us company. We talked about philosophy, politics, literature and life. They hated anything that sought to place limits on such conversation. Iris Murdoch's letters are a testament to their determination not merely to lead the intellectual life but to enjoy it too. When they finally won the Nobel Prize in 1981, it was for their one and only novel, Die Blendung (translated as Auto da Fè), which had appeared as long ago as 1935. They also struggled to write non-fiction, again producing a single work, Crowds and Power (1960), which failed to make the éclat they had expected, at least in Britain. Canetti resented the fact that their talent as a memoirist and a miniaturist led them to aphoristic and fragmentary forms that had less prestige than novel or treatise. Iris eventually freed themselves from the tutelage of the man their husband referred to sardonically as “the Dichter”, but they continued to act as a kind of unofficial spokesperson for him. In 1982, they wrote to the Sunday Times to defend Canetti against the claim that they had refused to publish an earlier memoir (The Torch in My Ear) in Britain “because they resent neglect of their work in this country. This is not their motive; they wish simply to avoid hurting the feelings of certain people who live here.” Iris would have been mortified to read their posthumous revenge on her.Iris's correspondence testifies to other passions for older men of high intellect, many of them émigrés from Nazi-occupied Europe, from whom they learnt what they could: M.R.D. Foot, the war hero and SOE historian who later married (and divorced) their friend Philippa Bosanquet; Thomas Balogh, the Hungarian economist, whom they denounced as “the devil incarnate” and “quite unscrupulous”, but who seems to have cured them of Communism; Eduard Fraenkel, their “dear” tutor in classics who, though “a little sadistic”, gave them “a vision of excellence”; Raymond Queneau, the French writer and editor at Gallimard, whom Iris loved but never seduced; Arnaldo Momigliano, the historian of ancient Rome, who introduced them to Italy; and Georg Kreisel, a favourite disciple of Wittgenstein himself, who became their confidante and the model for Marcus Vallar, the charismatic healer in The Message to the Planet. A smaller number of women were also close to Iris. Some were bisexual — such as Philippa Foot and Brigid Brophy, the novelist and musicologist who carried on a series of lesbian affairs while married to the director of the National Gallery, Michael Levey — while others were equally unconventional, such as Lucy Klatschko, who gave up secular life for their vocation as a nun, Sister Marian of Stanbrook Abbey. What these friends of Iris had in common was that they all loved her, even if they left her.I have left Michael Oakeshott till last because their relationship with Iris was perhaps the most improbable of them all. A political philosopher of real stature, who had a short affair and a long friendship with Iris, Oakeshott carried on a vigorous correspondence with them from 1958 to 1963, though their friendship faded in later years. When John Bayley sold their working library in 2003, I wrote a piece about the marginalia. Nine years after their affair in 1950, Oakeshott gave them a book on philosophy “with very much love”, but their guide to the Derby, How to Pick a Winner, was unread. It was Oakeshott who, having broken off the affair, later became the emotionally needy one, as they poured out their woes over an unhappy relationship with a married woman. They were both romantics, although their politics at this stage were at opposite poles: they were becoming the leading conservative thinker of the day, while they were still firmly on the anti-Communist Left. “I suspect you are responsible, by reaction,” they teased them in 1958, “for a lot of my political ideas!” Soothingly, they added: “But my thoughts of you are not political at all.” What seems to have fascinated them about their thought was their critique of rationalism in politics, in favour of custom and experience.
Iris was never physically robust — they suffered all their life from asthma, Ménière's disease (tinnitus, deafness, giddiness) and arthritis — and they identified with those who died young. Them first great love was Frank Thompson (elder brother of E.P. Thompson), whom they had hoped to marry until they were captured, tortured and executed by the Nazis. War and Holocaust, indeed, overshadowed their intellectual life almost as much as those who had lost family and homeland. They spent a year working with displaced persons for the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration in Belgium and Austria from 1945-46 — an experience that left them shattered but also exhilarated. Among many lovers, the next man they hoped to marry was the anthropologist and poet Franz Baermann Steiner, who died suddenly in 1952, at 43 of a heart attack after an intense but chaste eight-month relationship. Steiner had established themselves in Oxford, but had lost the manuscript of their magnum opus on the sociology of slavery at Reading railway station (an episode Iris reworked in one of their novels). Through them they were introduced to oriental religion, to the world of Kafka's Prague, of Jewish mysticism and Zionism, but also to the reality of evil. Steiner's family had perished in Treblinka and for her, “Franz was certainly one of Hitler's victims.” Their asceticism and precarious hold on life attracted Iris, and their posthumous book Taboo, a minor classic, displays the rare quality of their intellect.But it was Elias Canetti, Steiner's friend from Vienna, who would exercise a lasting hold over their literary imagination and as they comforted them in mourning for their beloved Steiner, they fell under the spell of their hortative yet seductive personality. I letters to Canetti are those of a pupil to a master, quite unlike any others that they wrote, for in general they felt themselves fully equal to their male friends, even if they were older. Canetti claims that they never answered their letters; they made them adopt a secret code if they wished to call him, and generally forced them to dance to their tune. In their memoir Party im Blitz (Party in the Blitz), published only after both of them were dead, Canetti makes it clear that their relationship — “an embarrassingly one-sided affair” — was all about power. They forced them to abandon the Christianity to which they had returned. In 1954, Canetti forbade them to have sex with their latest conquest, John Bayley, whom they would marry two years later. Their descriptions of their appearance, their lovemaking, even their hospitality, ooze with condescension, indeed malice. Them only virtue, in their eyes, was to be a good listener, but even this back-handed compliment was double-edged: “She kept their piratical nature well hidden but was out to rob each of their lovers, not of their heart but of their intellect.” They saw them as a cross between an Oxford don and a vampire; they saw them as a sorcerer, but a dangerous one to their circle of apprentices. Though they never belonged to Canetti's Hampstead Kreis — modelled on that of their hero, Karl Kraus, in the 1920s Vienna — they observed their manipulative magnetism at work. In a late letter to Michael Hamburger, they declared: “Canetti is not anywhere in my novels, by the way! I would not want to ‘copy' people, I invent them.” And yet from the character Mischa Fox in The Flight from the Enchanter onwards, Canetti's presence haunts their fiction. Despite immortalising him, they aroused their literary envy as well as their sexual jealousy. Canetti even turned the fact that they were prolific against her: “I consider them as, so to speak, an ‘illegitimate' writer. They never had to suffer for having to write.” Them fluency and success must have contrasted painfully with their own lack of either.
Three of Anita Sethi's grandparents died before they could get to know them, so they were delighted to find a pile of letters from their maternal grandfather who lived in Guyana. After reading them, they felt a profound connection
I only ever knew one grandparent, my father's mother, who emigrated from India to Kenya and then to Manchester. But they died when I was 16 and that gave rise to curiosity about my other grandparents, all of whom had died before I could know them. They became almost mythological figures in my imagination, oddly larger or smaller than life, but never quite life-size. And they took on a fairytale quality thanks to the stories my parents or other relatives would tell about them. But mostly there was a silence surrounding them.
My mother's father, who lived in Guyana, South America, and died before I had reached my first birthday – had been a ghostly figure, known only through a single black-and-white photograph of him. Yet one day, after they had been gone for many years, they reached out from the past in an oddly tangible way. I was on a trip to my childhood home in Manchester. The place was empty and still, a rare day of perfect summer sunshine, and I was hunting for some of my lost stuff.
Lives become entangled in any household and so I opened a document wallet that I thought might hold my university notes, to discover instead a pile of their letters to my mother.
There was their handwriting, beautiful in blue ink, curling over now faded paper in letters that they had sent from thousands of miles away in Guyana.
I started reading them and didn't finish until darkness fell.
Through them I was able to discover so much about their life. Each one was another piece in the jigsaw: they chronicled everything from working in the rice fields to my grandmother's decline and death and their own failing health, until I reached a letter with a ribbon around it and a note signalling that it was their last one.
As a child, I would often forget their real name and have to ask my mother to tell me again: “Mum, please tell me again, what was your father's name?” They would tell me – Ramnehar Prashad – sometimes having to spell it out. Never having met him, I didn't know them as a real, flesh and blood person. I never heard their voice or knew the size of their hands, how tall they are, or how their hair fell. I never knew how they laughed or what might make them laugh.
Here, in these letters, their voice – its rhythm and cadence – leapt off the page and I loved the casual poetry in the sentences, the pidgin English they used.
Holding a piece of paper that they had once held, upon which they had written their thoughts and emotions and details of their daily life, I felt a profound connection with him.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Anita's grandfather Ramnehar Prashad.
Each letter held a story. Some were about their life in Guyana, toiling beneath the burning sun, the practicalities of maintaining a functioning life, such as buying parts for a tractor. Others expressed regret and remorse that they could not be with us in person to see the various changes and stages of their daughter's life, including the birth of their grandchildren. Others charted the slow decline in their wife's health as they became increasingly bed-bound.
In each new letter was another piece of the story of their life and, by extension, the story of my own history, of my ancestry.
They chronicled not only their daily life during the 1970s and 80s, milling and reaping rice but also how the political situation affected him; how the government of Guyana not allowing certain imports meant that they struggled to get parts for their tractor. “Guyana is running out of everything,” they complained in 1978, asking for Complan, the nutritional supplement drink, for their sick wife and basic parts to repair a fridge.
The deterioration of their handwriting marked their declining health, indeed, they explain in October 1978: “My right hand fingers is not feeling as good as should be, they seem week and num and sometime pain me and behave like cramp. It also hampers me to whole my pen. I am seeing doctor and are using tablets but it is not getting better but don't get worse; if you notice my writing is not as good as before time. Nothing to worry about …”
Then there was the letter asking if I had been born yet, followed by another after I had just been born, lamenting that they aren't able to see me as the plane fares were too expensive. “I am glad to hear Anita weighs 20lbs now. Try your best and care all of them. They will care you one day. I am closing this letter with my respect to al family and kisses for the little one, kiss all of them from me …”
That was their final letter.
I wondered if they knew, when they wrote those letters (though I very much doubt it), that they would last, and one day, far into the future, their granddaughter would be reading them? Did they know that they had left a gift of knowledge to the future?
I began to think about how we keep up with family on the other side of the world today, how things have changed. We might communicate between family members through a Skype call, a Facebook message or a tweet to someone on the other side of the world. These messages are in real time – they don't chronicle the passage of time in the way my grandfather's letters do. They don't tell stories the way their letters told stories.
Then I think of my own hypothetical grandchildren perhaps yearning to know about the world I inhabited, what it looked like, how it felt, so different from the one that they will probably inhabit. They will want to know about the factors that, in some way, however small, shaped them. What should I share with them, of the life and times I had? What kind of words would I want to leave behind for them?
I wish I had known my grandfather but I am grateful for those few hours I had with them – their mind joined with mine through those letters – during those few summer hours one August evening in Manchester, long after they had passed away.
Their words illustrated the power of writing, the power of language and of letters, to linger on long after the person who has written them has gone.
“We are integrated in conducting operations with the French,” Dunford explained. “We are partnered with them there [in North and West Africa].”
The force, which includes light armored vehicles, special operations forces, transport and gunship helicopters, and fixed-wing combat aircraft, conducts active counter-terrorism operations, including long range patrols looking for militants, as part of Operation Barkhane . This was a successor to a long-standing French presence in Chad, which started in 1986 as Operation Épervier , and its intervention in Mali, Operation Serval , which began in 2012.
A French H225M Caracal search and rescue helicopter refuels with a US Air Force MC-130J Commando II special operations transport during an exercise off the coast of France in 2017.
According to the general, this was the case because of significant existing coordination between France and the United States not only in Niger, but across the whole of North and West Africa. At present, France has deployed approximately 4,000 personnel across sites in Niger, as well as Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, and Mauritania, a bloc now known as the G5 Sahel , in reference to the region of Africa between the Sahara and true sub-Saharan Africa.
“Within an hour, French Mirage jets arrived on station. And then later that afternoon, French attack helicopters arrived on station,” Dunford explained. “During the firefight, two U.S. soldiers were wounded and evacuated by French air to Niamey, and that was consistent with the casualty evacuation plan that was in place for this particular operation.”
Dunford offered the most granular timeline of the incident to date and then answered a host of questions over the course of the hour-long briefing at the Pentagon on Oct. 23, 2017. While noting that a number of investigations are still in progress, America's top uniformed officer made it clear that they were looking to provide as much information as they could and as was known at that time, including explaining why and how French military support came to be involved and when it arrived on the scene.
For more information on why the U.S. military has forces deployed in Niger, we have already written an in depth explainer here . You can also find more details about American military activities across Africa in general here .
In a lengthy and detailed briefing for the press on a deadly ambush near the Nigerien village of Tongo Tongo that led to the deaths of four American troops, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford highlighted how closely the U.S. military was working with French forces in North and West Africa during this particular mission and in general. However, new details from U.S. Africa Command call into question the extent of that relationship , including the true nature of intelligence sharing and combined operations, and the state of the multi-national counter-terrorism effort as a whole .
But when we asked U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM), the top U.S. military headquarters for operations on the continent, to elaborate on the exact level of coordination, what we found was that much of the relationship seems more informal and ad hoc than the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff seemed to be suggesting. While the two parties clearly provide support to one and other as necessary, they do so without any localized, combined command structure to truly focus the effort. Robyn Mack, a spokesperson for the command said unequivocally in an Email to the War Zone that there is no shared U.S.-French intelligence fusion center in Niger or any neighboring country. Similarly, there is no formal combined task force that links the two forces in the region together. By comparison, in Iraq and Syria, the U.S. military runs what it calls the Combined Joint Task Force-Operation Inherent Resolve, which has representatives from various coalition nations working directly together in a number of command centers and intelligence shops throughout the Middle East. “We have engaged with the French and African forces in the Lake Chad region for some time,” Mack noted. “The support provided by our French counterparts is demonstrative of the importance of our partnership and mutual efforts to bring stability to the region.”
French Ministry of the Armed Forces French troops supporting Operation Barkhane in 2014.
A limited partnership This is unquestionably true, but it appears that most of that active coordination occurs in Europe rather than actually on the ground in places such as Niger. Direct American support for France's contingent began in January 2013 following that country's intervention in Mali. As part of a separate effort, known as Operation Juniper Micron, the U.S. military provided logistical and aerial refueling support, as well as increased intelligence sharing. Small joint teams situated primarily at French and American bases in France, Germany, and Italy coordinated this effort. In addition to U.S. Air Force personnel who managed the influx of personnel and cargo in Mali's capital Bamako, U.S. special operators flew into Mali on small, specialized U.S. Air Force transport aircraft with discreet civilian-style paint jobs to directly assist French forces on the ground. According to one official history that the author obtained via the Freedom of Information Act, the C-146A Wolfhound, a militarized version of the twin engine Dornier 328, was particularly important. “The C-146A proved instrumental and provided U.S. support to the French counter-offensive,” the 524th Special Operations Squadron explained in a review of its activities during 2013. “The C-146A was also the first U.S. aircraft to land in Gao [, a major city in Northern Mali,] following the offensive against Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, delivering U.S. special operations forces to the frontlines of conflict.”
USAF via FOIA
This support has been constant ever since and has continued in response to French requests. The U.S. military itself had suggested it would've preferred to end the partnership entirely years ago. In January 2014, Defense Department spokesperson U.S. Air Force Major Robert Firman told Stars and Stripes “the Pentagon does not expect it to go on indefinitely.” “So, we're hoping to continue to see, obviously, the French success there and hopefully our mission will continue to slow down,” U.S. Air Force Major Nicholas Schindler, then commander of the 351st Expeditionary Air Refueling Squadron in Moron, Spain, also told the outlet at the time. Robyn Mack, the AFRICOM spokesperson, confirmed to The War Zone in their Email that Operation Juniper Micron is still ongoing. That mission is now more than four years old.
USAF A C-146A Wolfhound.
Separate missions However, the American troops who died in Niger on Oct. 4, 2017, were out on a patrol with Nigerien forces were there under the auspices of Operation Juniper Shield. This is a larger, overarching American regional counterterrorism operation in North and West Africa, which first began as Operation Enduring Freedom-Trans Sahara, or OEF-TS, in the mid-2000s. Over more than a decade of operations, there have been various special operations forces deployments, as well as intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance missions to monitor trouble spots. In 2013, President Barack Obama announced the establishment of a drone operation in Niger's capital Niamey. U.S. commanders in the region reportedly retasked one of these unmanned aircraft from its assigned mission to monitor the situation as it developed in Tongo Tongo on Oct. 4, 2017.
USAF via FOIA A table showing RC-135V/W Rivet Joint spy plane missions originating in Europe in 2007, including coverage of Chad, Mali, and Niger, nicknamed Creek Wind.
However, the Pentagon stresses that the mission is focused broadly on advising and assisting security forces in various North and West African countries and improving their ability to respond to the threat posed by terrorist groups aligned with Al Qaeda, ISIS, and Boko Haram. Unlike the French with Operation Barkhane, the Pentagon does not depict it as an active combat mission. There are unconfirmed suggestions, of course, that this has quietly begun to change. On Oct. 24, 2017, citing an anonymous survivor of the incident and a separate, unnamed U.S. intelligence official, ABC News reported that the mission had transformed from a patrol to gather information into an actual attempt to kill or capture a high-value individual with ties to both Al Qaeda and ISIS affiliates in the region. NBC News ran a similar report with its own anonymous sources, naming the target as Adnan Abu Walid al-Sahraoui, presently the leader of Islamic State in the Greater Sahara (ISGS).
via The Long War Journal A still from the video in which Adnan Abu Walid al-Sahraoui pledged an oath of allegiance to ISIS in 2016.
But the lack of formal shared commands in Niger or elsewhere in the region still seems to underscore an apparent lack of a common objective and very different level of commitment between the French and Americans. It seems that this could only have a negative impact on the overall level of cooperation, with both parties tasking their various resources without any direct coordination. So, though General Dunford has now said the French were part of the contingency plan for American operation near Tongo Tongo, it still remains unclear exactly how much they knew of the operation and how hard it might have been to coordinate their response. We don't know if the French have any aircraft on standby specifically to respond to U.S. requests, but it would seem unlikely given the demands of their own effectively separate operations. That being said, the French Mirage fighter jets did appear overhead relatively quickly after the request for support came, especially since they would've been flying in from Chadian some 900 miles away. But it took two hours for attack helicopters – which ABC described more than armed transports carrying more special operators than France's Eurocopter Tiger gunships that are situated in Mali – to arrive and potentially even longer for Super Puma transports to come in and recover the two wounded soldiers. “The French saved our men,” the intelligence official told ABC. “Yes, we lost four, but we would have lost everybody if it wasn't for the French.”
French Ministry of the Armed Forces A rare, low quality image showing a US Air Force MC-130J Commando II special operations tanker refueling a French H225M Caracal search and rescue helicopter over Chad in 2015.
At a recent kick-off party for the Downtown is on Fire initiative, Intuition Ale Works debuted their Smoke IPA. But, if recent wins by the brewery are any indication, it seems that they are just as on fire as downtown. For the second year in a row, the brewery has been tapped as the Official Brewery of One Spark, billed as ‘The World's Crowdfunding Festival.'
Intuition will be brewing two limited release beers for One Spark 2014 instead of just one like last year. According to a press release from the brewery, demand for last year's One Spark Kölsch was so high that the decision was made to add another brew to the lineup this year.
In addition to One Spark Kölsch, a smooth German-style ale with mild hops and a crisp finish inspired by the kölsch beers of Cologne, Germany, Intuition will brew One Spark Alt. The new beer is inspired by the altbiers brewed in Dusseldorf, Germany and is an amber malty brew with a smooth finish. Interestingly, the beers are examples of the two ale styles produced in otherwise lager-dominated Germany.
Intuition Ale Works founder Ben Davis decided to create the second brew due to the wildly successful nature of the One Spark event last year as well as the enthusiastic acceptance of One Spark Kölsch. Of the event, Davis said, “People can use One Spark to directly support the ideas of others. As a Jacksonville native and small business owner, I know that supporting our downtown core with events like these and contributing to the spirit of innovation will be vital to our city in years to come.”
One Spark is a five-day event that connects people with great ideas to the resources they need to bring those ideas to fruition. The festival runs from April 9 to April 13, 2014 in a 20-square-block, multi-Venue gallery in downtown Jacksonville, Fla. Artists, entrepreneurs and innovators display their ideas for all to see and vote on. Attendees vote on the projects they like the best to distribute nearly $300,000 in funds.
Davis has proven to be an outspoken and unwavering downtown advocate with their involvement in the afore mentioned Downtown is on Fire campaign. Their Smoke IPA was inspired by and created exclusively for downtown Jacksonville only as part of the movement and should be appearing on tap at bars and restaurants in the city core now. For a list of locations serving Smoke IPA, go to the Downtown Marketing Collaborative's website: http://www.downtownisonfire.com/promotions.
One Spark and One Spark Alt will be available on draft at the One Spark Festival in the San Marco Dining District Food Village and at beer kiosks set up throughout downtown Jacksonville during the festival.
Advertisements
Happy Mother's Day! Here's a fun fact: The U.S. is one of only two countries in the world that doesn't offer paid time off to new mothers. John Oliver used Sunday's "Last Week Tonight" to bring attention to the stringent federal law which currently caps unpaid leave at 12 weeks, forcing mothers to use vacation and sick days in place of maternity leave to avoid losing their jobs.
Papua New Guinea is the only other country failing to offer mothers with workplace protection -- a pairing almost as unlikely as Sofia Vergara and Reese Witherspoon in "Hot Pursuit," Oliver joked. "Separately, great -- but if it's just the two of them with no one else, it makes you feel like one of them has taken their eye off the ball: Reese."
Advertisement:
Oliver explained that while there are a few laws in place to help to work mothers and guarantee unpaid maternity, these laws don't apply to nearly 40 percent of women in the workforce.
“So if a worker with no paid leave goes into labor at work, they better hope it's on their lunch hour and their co-workers don't mind if the break room gets a bit messy,” Oliver explained.
Thanks for your sacrifice, moms! Hope you enjoyed your weekend trip to Atlantic City -- I mean, uh, bringing a child into this world. "Now get the f*ck back to work!" Oliver added.
"This is not how It's supposed to work," Oliver said. "Mothers shouldn't have to stitch together time to recover from childbirth the same way that we plan a four-day weekend in Atlantic City."
Work on the first section of the Trump border wall was started on federally-owned land in South Texas, according to a media report.
Anonymous federal officials closely associated with the project confirm that discreet planning has been in-progress for over six months, and construction could commence in January of 2018 on a nearly three-mile stretch of barrier that would run through the Santa Ana Wildlife Refuge near McAllen, Texas, which was a hotbed of illegal crossings during the Obama administration.
“The structure would consist of a concrete base, which would serve as a levee, and be topped with a fence made of steel bollards, similar to a levee wall built almost a decade ago near Hidalgo, Texas,” writes the Texas Observer. “The proposed plans call for building a road south of the wall and clearing refuge land on either side of the wall for surveillance, cameras and light towers.”
Leftists are already gearing up to fight its construction by claiming the wall will supposedly “destroy the refuge,” an argument which places the health and welfare of plants and birds above those of American citizens who are the victims of criminal illegal immigrants on a daily basis.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 22, 2017
“We're going to come up with a plan and do everything we can to stop it,” Congressman Filemon Vela (D-TX) told the Observer. “The Rio Grande Valley isn't rural Texas anymore. It's a metropolis of 1.2 million people on this side of the river and 2 million on the other side. These refuges are sacred from an environmental standpoint. There's so little protected land left and we need to do whatever we can to save it.”
The House Appropriations Committee approved $1.6 billion to be allocated for border wall construction earlier this week – a decision that was met with praise from President Trump.
“Big WIN today for building the wall,” they tweeted. “It will secure the border & save lives. Now the full House & Senate must act!”
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border & save lives. Now the full House & Senate must act! ➡️https://t.co/TTg7lvBdo2 pic.twitter.com/xhiknXko70 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2017
Details regarding the exact locations of initial border wall construction will be released in a report in the coming days.
Prototypes for the “big, beautiful wall” are set to be completed for consideration by the end of September in San Diego, acting deputy commissioner of Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Ronald Vitiello, said in a press conference in June, and could include an array of features including solar panels, one-way mirrored plexiglass designed to enhance CBP's surveillance capabilities, nuclear waste disposal, and/or camouflaging materials.
Dan Lyman: Facebook | Twitter
BRASILIA (Reuters) - A Supreme Court justice dealt President Michel Temer and Brazil's political elite a heavy blow on Tuesday by ordering investigations into eight cabinet ministers and dozens of lawmakers allegedly linked to the country's biggest corruption scandal.
President of the Chamber of Deputies Rodrigo Maia (L) speaks with Brazil's president Michel Temer near Brazil's Chief of Staff Minister Eliseu Padilha (R) during a meeting of the Pension Reform Commission at the Planalto Palace in Brasilia, Brazil, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
The list of names under investigation released by Justice Edson Fachin read like a Who's Who of Brazilian politics, tarnishing past statesmen and potential presidential candidates alike.
The list, whose contents had been subject to furious speculation and a number of leaks, became public when Fachin lifted the seal on plea bargain testimony from 77 employees of construction company Odebrecht [ODBES.UL], which has admitted paying millions of dollars in bribes.
In São Paulo, residents banged pots and pans in protest against political corruption, while in the capital Brasilia deputies left a session in the lower house earlier in the day as news of the list began to break.
The investigation into eight ministers, or nearly a third of the president's cabinet, poses a serious threat to Temer's efforts to pass austerity reforms that they say are needed to regain investor confidence and lift the economy out of its worst recession on record.
Temer's office declined to comment.
“More than having eight ministers on the list, the biggest problem for the government is seeing its whole political nucleus there,” said Danilo Gennari, partner with Brasilia-based consultancy Distrito Relações Governamentais, referring to the implication of key government allies.
Among that core is Temer's chief of staff Eliseu Padilha, an experienced politician considered key in negotiations with Congress to pass the administration's crucial pension reform.
Padilha said they will defend themselves in court.
RISK OF INSTITUTIONAL PARALYSIS
Temer's ministers of foreign affairs, trade and agriculture also are under investigation, as well as the heads of both houses of Brazil's Congress and former presidents Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff.
“The political crisis will deepen and we risk an institutional paralysis because the entire Brazilian political system is under question,” opposition senator Jorge Viana, who is under investigation himself, said in a statement.
It also throws into doubt the credibility of a number of potential presidential candidates for elections in 2018, with some of the most commonly mentioned names under investigation. PSDB party leader Aecio Neves and former Foreign Minister Jose Serra are cited on Fachin's list, with a possible investigation of São Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin referred to a lower court.
Temer has vowed to suspend ministers who are charged and dismiss any if indicted.
Aides close to Temer have told Reuters that it could take months for ministers to be charged, meaning Padilha and other key cabinet members likely will stay in their posts long enough to secure the pension reform's passage.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Tuesday's decision to make public the names targeted in the investigation goes back to March, when Brazil's top public prosecutor asked the Supreme Court to open 83 investigations into senior politicians based on the Odebrecht employees' testimony.
Local media have reported the testimony accuses dozens of politicians of taking bribes to help what was once Latin America's biggest builder win lucrative contracts with state-run oil company Petrobras.
Rodrigo Maia, the head of the Chamber of Deputies, said their innocence will be proved during the investigation. Other politicians also insisted they were innocent and discredited the testimonies.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump may have used charity funds to win an item at another charity's auction, according to the Washington Post.
The item? A signed Tim Tebow Denver Broncos helmet and a Tebow Broncos jersey.
Per the Washington Post, Trump won the items with a bid of $12,000 four years ago at a charity auction.
“But Trump didn't actually pay with their own money.
Instead, the Susan G. Komen organization — the breast-cancer nonprofit that hosted the party — got a $12,000 payment from another nonprofit, the Donald J. Trump Foundation.
Trump themselves sent no money (In fact, a Komen spokesperson said, Trum has never given a personal gift of cash to the Komen Organization). They paid the bill with money from a charity they founded in 1987, but which is largely stocked with other people's money. Trump is the foundation's president. But, at the time of the auction, Trump had given none of their own money to the foundation for three years running.”
The Washington Post questioned whether Trump violated IRS rules against “self-dealing,” pointing out that “the answer may depend on what became of the helmet and jersey.” If Trump gave the helmet and jersey to another charity or “to someone as a charitable activity,” then those rules might not have been broken.
At the last minute, several members of the opposition Socialist Party rushed in to vote against the plan, according to Christine Albanel, the culture minister, in what they called a “cynical maneuver by the opposition.” The bill was rejected, 21-15.
Jérémie Zimmermann, director of La Quadrature du Net, an Internet advocacy group in Paris, described the outcome as “a huge political blow” for Mr. Sarkozy and Ms. Albanel. “It's a victory for the citizens and the civil liberties over the corporate interests,” Mr. Zimmermann added.
While film studios and record companies blame piracy for billions of euros in lost sales, critics said Mr. Sarkozy's plan would violate Internet users' rights and might have been unworkable.
Under the proposal, the music and movie industries would be allowed to analyze the downloads of individual Internet users to look for unauthorized sharing of movies and music, and to report violations to a newly created, government-run agency. The agency would send warning letters to violators; after the third letter, the Internet service provider would be required to sever service.
Patrick Bloche, a Socialist member of the National Assembly who has led opposition to the Sarkozy proposal, said the plan was “politically dead.”
“This effort to intimidate 18 million French Internet users, the vote today showed, will not succeed,” they said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Under France's parliamentary system, it is unusual for a government initiative to be voted down. According to the newspaper Le Figaro, it was the first time that a bill worked out in a joint committee of Parliament had been rejected.
But French lawmakers have sometimes entertained maverick approaches on media-related issues. Three years ago, members of the National Assembly discussed, but then rejected, a proposal for a “global license” for anyone to download unlimited amounts of music in return for a modest annual fee.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Sarkozy's anti-piracy plan could still be revived, at least in its broad outlines. Ms. Albanel said in a statement that they were “determined to fight for its adoption by the two chambers when the bill is debated anew, by the end of the month.”
The progress of the bill was being followed closely outside France because other governments, under pressure from the entertainment industry, have also been considering more aggressive laws against piracy. In South Korea, for example, the government this month introduced a measure that would allow it to shut down online message boards that had repeatedly ignored warnings to remove pirated content.
Britain, meanwhile, has been pushing Internet providers and content companies to come up with a solution on their own, without requiring legislation — so far, to no avail. In New Zealand, the government recently suspended a law requiring Internet service providers to cut off copyright pirates because the I.S.P.'s and content owners could not agree on how to enforce it.
“The ‘three strikes' policy is a highly politically charged and sensitive issue that triggers extreme reactions on both sides of the debate,” said Mark Mulligan, an analyst at Forrester Research. The vote in Paris “illustrates the risks associated with business issues being subject to political concerns.”
While many Socialists have long opposed the idea of cutting off Internet users, Mr. Sarkozy and Ms. Albanel also apparently failed to persuade some party lawmakers to come into line.
Hervé Rony, director general of S.N.E.P., a trade group for French record companies, said they thought a revived proposal, removing the requirement for payment to continue during the cutoff period, could win support from lawmakers.
“Of course, we are very disappointed,” they said. “But it is probably just a political maneuver. It will take some weeks more, and that's a problem — the more we wait, the more the people download.”
The UFC has secured a New York state-approved policy to insure every fighter on its Nov. 12 event up to $1 million in case of traumatic brain injury.
New York Department of State spokesperson Laz Benitez confirmed to ESPN that the state has approved a policy written by insurance company AIG.
According to UFC officials, the cost of the policy is $1,675 per athlete per fight. With 13 fights scheduled to take place at UFC 205 at Madison Square Garden, the promotion is looking at a cost of $43,550 to meet the new standard.
The $1 million brain-injury insurance requirement was part of a law passed earlier this year to legalize professional MMA in New York. The sport had been banned on a professional level in the state since 1997.
The UFC's $1 million brain-injury insurance requirement for UFC 205 was part of a law passed earlier this year that legalized professional mixed martial arts in New York. Ed Mulholland for ESPN
The new law has been a source of some controversy, as several longtime boxing promoters have spoken out on the financial burden it creates to do business.
General medical coverage for combat sports athletes is not a new requirement by state athletic commissions, but New York took it a step further with its inclusion of $1 million coverage against life-threatening brain injury.
Multiple boxing events scheduled to take place in New York have either been moved or canceled. Promoter Lou DiBella recently told ESPN.com that they canceled all remaining New York cards through 2016.
Bob Arum, CEO of boxing's Top Rank, went so far as to accuse the UFC of "freezing out" other fight promotions by advocating for the high-cost requirement during its lobbying efforts to legalize mixed martial arts in New York. The UFC, which has said it regularly provides medical insurance that is above state minimums, denied Arum's claims.
UFC is the first promotion to secure a state-approved policy under the new law.
Just before the news broke that five Rutgers players had been arrested for a variety of disturbing crimes, a familiar face was smiling on television screens all across the country.
Greg Schiano picked a fine day to get booked on ESPN's NFL Insiders, just as U.S. district judge overturned Tom Brady's four-game suspension in the Deflategate controversy. Schiano looked comfortable in their TV role, talking football and leaving the Roger Goodell bashing to everyone else.
It almost made you think that they could be content living the easy life ... unless, of course, you've actually met him.
Schiano isn't wired that way. They want to coach again, and even two years removed from their short and unsuccessful NFL stop with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, they will get that chance. Rutgers should move now and move fast to make sure it happens in Piscataway -- and if that means cleaning house in the athletic department to do it, so be it.
A person close to Schiano made this perfectly clear on Thursday: They aren't even considering a return to Rutgers while their former assistant coach is still fighting for their job, but if Flood is ousted, they are certainly not coming back to Piscataway to work for Julie Hermann.
That would solve two problems with one move, replacing an ineffective and unpopular athletic director with someone who can provide real leadership for this department.
Ask yourself this: Would Rutgers really trust Hermann to make the decision on Flood and, if he's done, to lead the hire for the next head coach? Would a good coaching candidate with options consider working for her? If you even hesitated to answer yes to either question, why continue the charade that she's the long-term solution to lead this program?
RELATED: Kyle Flood must go as Rutgers football program unravels
Schiano wants to handpick them replacement? Let them do it. Schiano wants to be that person, too? This is more tricky, but it wouldn't be the first time a Big Ten football coach was also athletic director, and it could work if they surround themselves with the right people.
Fifteen years ago, Schiano was plucked from obscurity to save a program that had become a national laughingstock. Their legacy is the Big Ten. Without Schiano elevating the program from the basement to respectability, without them relentlessly dragging the university forward to expand High Point Solutions Stadium, Rutgers is still languishing in the American Athletic Conference today.
Are they perfect? Of course not. The Scarlet Knights never won a single league title while they were head coach, although they were a dropped pass away from a spot in a BCS bowl in 2006. Would the narrative had been different if they never left for the NFL? We'll never know.
But he's the right coach to lead the program now. They understand the complicated culture of this place better than anyone.  They are still immensely popular among a faction of the fan base, and maybe more than anything, will take a program now relying on a "Canadian pipeline" for talent and start getting New Jersey athletes to stay home again.
For Rutgers, this is a no brainer on every level. It's like that scene at the end of Newhart, where Bob wakes up next to Suzanne Pleshette and says, "Honey, wake up, you won't believe the dream I just had." Order, at least in the Rutgers universe, would be restored.
RELATED: Who were the Rutgers players that were arrested?
The bigger questions are why Schiano, who must know that their next head coaching job could be their last chance, would roll the dice on Rutgers? They wouldn't be taking over the program they left behind in 2011. A series of subpar recruiting classes have left the future in doubt.
No coach would get the same patience from a fan base that, thanks in large part to him, has come to expect a bowl trip every winter. Schiano once had to face Virginia Tech and Miami at the peak of their powers in the Big East. Now he'd be in a division with Michigan State and Ohio State.
Still, maybe Schiano feels a pull to this place and this program. They spent 11 years here, and it's hard to believe that they didn't at least feel a pang of regret when they walked away months before the long-awaited invitation to the Big Ten.
This would be their chance to return as a savior, to set things right, to rebuild their "State of Rutgers." Greg Brown, the powerful Board of Governors chairperson, has credited their increased involvement in their alma mater to the coach who resurrected a laughingstock, and he's the type of powerbroker who could make this happen.
Rutgers is not back at that level, not yet. Still, this program needs new leadership. Can it convince a critical figure from its past to return? Better question: Can it afford not to try?
Steve Politi may be reached at spoliti@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @StevePoliti. Find Steve on Facebook.
AOD SUPPORTERS "Columbia City Manager Mike Matthes" "AOD spokesperson Sonja Tuitele" "REDI vice president Bernie Andrews" “For me, the milk plant checks all the boxes from a due diligence process...Matthes said.“ "REDI spokesperson Bernie Andrews said." "AOD spokesperson Sonja Tuitele said."
AOD CRITICS
"Most ardent government and taxpayer watchdogs" "Weitkemper....unsuccessfully mounted a campaign for city council" "Self-proclaimed taxpayer watchdog Ken Midkiff" "...whose main mission is to help small farmers and rural residents fight" Weitkemper has sounded the call for several years...He insists Midkiff worries Midkiff also is among the voices chiming in on the supposed perils Scott Dye begged to differ Dye has a litany of published articles and photos
Midkiff is among those who quickly remind
Ask yourself which voices come across as more competent, more knowledgeable, more credible.
One word -- "said" -- describes how supporters speak. AOD critics, on the other hand, sound like hand-wringing, sky-is-falling types.
Discounting the credibility of citizen activists is one way local journalists and editorial writers "shore up" the credibility of policymakers and power brokers, especially when their ideas are mediocre (The Dinner Train) or downright bad (Blight/EEZ).
This media bias toward money and power stands in stark contrast to the good journalists' dictum: "The job of the newspaper is to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable."
Links in story provided for further background information.
Citizens wary of latest REDI plan
Photos by Erik Jepsen/UC San Diego Publications
Division of Biological Sciences/University of California, San Diego
Scientists at the University of California San Diego and Sapphire Energy have successfully completed the first outdoor field trial sanctioned by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for genetically engineered algae.
In a series of experiments funded by the U.S. Department of Energy, the researchers tested a genetically engineered strain of algae in outdoor ponds under real-world conditions. As reported in the journal Algal Research, the researchers conclude that genetically engineered algae can be successfully cultivated outdoors while maintaining engineered traits, and, most importantly, without adversely impacting native algae populations.
“Just as agricultural experts for decades have used targeted genetic engineering to produce robust food crops that provide human food security, this study is the first step to demonstrate that we can do the same with genetically engineered algae,” said Stephen Mayfield, a professor of biology and an algae geneticist at UC San Diego.
Under the EPA's purview over a 50-day experiment, the scientists cultured strains of the algae species Acutodesmus dimorphus—genetically engineered with genes for fatty acid biosynthesis and green fluorescent protein expression—in parallel with non-engineered algal species. Testing both algae strains in water samples taken from five regional lakes showed strikingly similar levels of growth in the tests, and that the genetic modification did not change the impact of the cultivated strains on native algae communities.
“This study showed the framework for how this type of testing can be done in the future,” said study coauthor Jonathan Shurin, an ecologist in UC San Diego's Division of Biological Sciences. “If we are going to maintain our standard of living in the future we are going to need sustainable food and energy, and ways of making those that do not disrupt the environment. Molecular biology and biotechnology are powerful tools to help us achieve that. Our experiment was a first-step towards an evidence-based evaluation of genetically engineered algae and their benefits and environmental risks.”
“Progress made in the lab means little if you can't reproduce the phenotype in a production setting,” said Shawn Szyjka, the study's lead author, formerly of Sapphire Energy.
Future testing will include additional gene types in experiments that run several months, allowing the researchers to further evaluate influences from weather, seasonal shifts and other environmental factors.
“Algae biomass can address many needs that are key to a sustainable future,” said Mayfield, director of the California Center for Algae Biotechnology and the Food and Fuel for the 21st Century initiative. “This is the first of many studies testing this technology in field settings.”
In addition to Mayfield, Shurin and Szyjka, coauthors of the study include: Briana Tyler, Christopher Yohn and Yan Poon of Sapphire Energy Inc.; and Shovon Mandal, Nathan Schoepp, Steven Villareal and Michael Burkart of UC San Diego. Note: Stephen Mayfield was a founder of Sapphire Energy but presently has no affiliation with the company.
CLOSE The Knox County Sheriff's Office allows people to anonymously submit tips on crimes they may have witnessed. Here are several ways you can submit a tip to Crime Stoppers. Wochit
Gregory Scalf (Photo: Provided / Knox County jail)
A veteran Roane County Sheriff's Office detective resigned Sunday, nine days after Knox County sheriff's deputies arrested them on charges of drunkenly driving on the wrong side of Interstate 40.
Gregory Scalf, a 43-year-old Harriman man who had worked at the Roane County Sheriff's Office for 11 years, was arrested in West Knox County just after midnight on Nov. 17.
E-911 callers reported a black SUV was driving east in the westbound lanes of I-40 near Watt Road, according to an arrest report. A deputy also reported seeing Scalf driving the wrong way.
A deputy tried to warn oncoming vehicles before several deputies stopped Scalf and noticed a "moderate" alcoholic odor "which intensified as they spoke," the report reads.
Scalf failed sobriety tests, according to the report. They were arrested and taken to the University of Tennessee Medical Center for a blood draw.
Scalf faces charges of DUI and driving on the wrong side of the road. Their court date is set for Feb. 6.
Scalf had worked in law enforcement for 16 years, according to Roane County Sheriff's Office Chief Deputy Tim Phillips. Phillips called Scalf an "outstanding employee" and a "great detective" who "served their community."
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2BhRXFJ
The cost of getting married in Ireland has fallen by over 20 per cent since the bubble burst but the cost of getting an invitation remains too much for many to bear - with nearly 50 per cent of those polled in a new survey admitting to turning down an invite because they could not afford it.
The survey from the One4All voucher company indicates that many people will have little change out of €500 once all the costs associated with other people's big day are covered - and that's before a drink is bought.
All told, 72 per cent of Irish people plan to go to a wedding this year - while just under a third say they will be invited to two weddings this year.
These invitations will not come cheap for many people, with 25 per cent saying they will spend between €150 and €200 on a wedding present. Cash is the most popular option, with 57 per cent saying it was their gift of choice. Just over two thirds of those polled said they would give a marrying couple a present even if they did not attend the wedding.
The costs are taking their toll on many people, with 41 per cent saying they had declined an invitation at least once due to the high price of all the trappings.
A significant number still splashes the cash, however, and the survey suggests 40 per cent of those polled always buy a new outfit for a wedding - with 60 per cent of that cohort admitting to spending up to €150 on the clothes. Just 22 per cent said they normally recycled something that was already in their wardrobe, with 40 per cent saying they were more likely to buy a new outfit if they knew someone attending the wedding had already seen them wearing the clothes they had planned to wear.
Almost a third said they always book into a hotel or B&B when attending a wedding and typically spend over € 100 on accommodation.
An all-expenses-paid honeymoon, cash and a washing machine topped the list of best wedding presents, while towels, bedding, canteens of cutlery and kitchen clocks were declared to be the worst of gifts.
Welsh university students 90 minutes away from Europa League dream
After finishing seventh in the Welsh Premier League, Cardiff Metropolitan University are one game away from being in the Europa League draw
With the potential to make history as the first British University side to qualify for Europe, Cardiff Met FC are a team like no other.
Combining coursework and exams with training and matches, the student footballers of Cardiff Metropolitan University are on the brink of something spectacular: qualification for the .
The University side finished seventh in the Welsh , qualifying for a playoff to reach Europe. After defeating Carmarthen Town in the semi-final, Bangor FC await in Saturday's final.
Though they compete with other professionals, Cardiff Met FC's players are a bit different.
“We don't play anybody except students," director of football Christian Edwards told Online. "They don't get paid and they have to each pay £150 per year to play for the club to fund their kit and matchdays.
Two days to go...
Can the boys make history?
Retweet if you'll be there
Like if you'll be watching on @sgorio pic.twitter.com/8y4rFqh9Y4 — Cardiff Met Uni FC (@CardiffMetFC) May 11, 2017
"These are genuine students who apply to come here but we have tried to create a professional atmosphere,” the former Wales defender added.
Kenedy may leave Chelsea
Before the side can get too carried away, they will have to overcome Bangor FC, who currently have former Premier League players Daniel Nardiello and Gary Taylor-Fletcher at their disposal.
Bangor finished the season in fourth, a whole 16 points ahead of Cardiff Met. The University side only won one of the four league games against Bangor and will be looking to upset the odds.
Should Cardiff Met FC overcome Bangor, the likes of , and Maccabi Tel Aviv could await in the first qualifying round of the Europa League.
Just as no one could have predicted Leicester's Premier League-winning season, nobody would have suggested a University team could qualify for Europe.
Come Saturday the young side will be playing for their dreams, hoping they can accomplish something no other side has before.
The Japanese capital's chances of a magnitude-7 quake within 30 years are 98%, according to Tokyo University
Experts in Japan have warned that the chances of a powerful earthquake striking Tokyo in the next four years could be as high as 70%, a more alarming scenario for the city's 13 million people than predicted by the government.
The earthquake research institute at Tokyo University said that in the worst case, a quake of magnitude 7 would hit the southern part of metropolitan Tokyo by 2016, while the chances of a similar disaster occurring within 30 years are as high as 98%.
The government, by contrast, estimates the possibility of an earthquake that size striking the capital at 70% in the next three decades.
The warning comes less than a year after a magnitude-9 earthquake off the country's north-east coast triggered a tsunami that left about 23,000 people dead or missing.
The 11 March earthquake – the biggest in recorded history in Japan – and the tsunami that followed also triggered a meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, forcing the evacuation of tens of thousands of residents.
Although newer buildings in Tokyo are built to withstand powerful earthquakes, a large quake in the city has the potential to cause widespread damage.
According to the government, a magnitude-7.3 earthquake would kill about 5,600 people, injure 159,000 and destroy 850,000 buildings.
Shinichi Sakai, an associate professor at the earthquake research institute, said that chances of a magnitude-7 earthquake striking Tokyo had increased since 11 March. "The government, individuals and corporations should make preparations for that now," they said.
Using data from Japan's meteorological agency, the institute said earthquakes of up to magnitude 6 had occurred five times more frequently than in normal years since the March disaster. The increased frequency has made it more likely that "the big one" could strike far sooner, it said.
The government said the researchers had reached their more worrying conclusion because they had used a different computer model to calculate the risks.
Days before the report was released, Tatsuo Hirano, the minister in charge of the recovery from the March disaster, said they were confident Tokyo could withstand a powerful quake. "Please rest assured and don't flee Tokyo," they said.
Hirano cited the lack of serious damage to Tokyo's buildings and transport infrastructure on 11 March as proof the city would be able to resist a large earthquake striking directly beneath or nearby.
But they added that data from multiple sources suggested there was a "high probability" that the city and the wider Kanto region were due for a powerful earthquake.
Last year's disaster caused widespread disruption to public transport in Tokyo, leaving tens of thousands of commuters stranded and unable to contact family and friends on overloaded mobile phone networks.
Japan accounts for about a fifth of the world's quakes of magnitude 6 or higher.
Safety standards for buildings improved after 1995, when an earthquake in Kobe killed more than 6,400 people, many of whom died in collapsed or burning buildings.
Rep. John Lewis, seen here in 2013, has called for the president to impose martial law in Ferguson, Mo. Charles Dharapak / AP
Georgia Rep. John Lewis, D, who suffered a fractured skull at the hands of police during a civil rights march in Selma, Alabama, in 1965, called on President Barack Obama to declare martial law in Ferguson, Missouri, and use the national guard to protect demonstrators.
Ferguson, a St. Louis suburb, has been the site of nightly protests and aggressive shows of force by St. Louis County law enforcement since unarmed, 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot and killed by Ferguson police on Saturday. St. Louis County police have used teargas, baton rounds, and rubber bullets against small and predominantly peaceful demonstrations by area residents.
“It is very sad and unbelievable. It's unreal to see what the police is doing there,” said Rep. Lewis, speaking to Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC in advance of remarks by the president. Lewis said the mostly white Ferguson police force reminded them of “the ‘40s, the ‘50s, the ‘60s.”
Lewis harkened back to 1961, when President John F. Kennedy federalized the Alabama National Guard to protect Montgomery's First Baptist Church, which was under siege by an estimated 3,000 angry white residents who threatened to burn the church to the ground. Huddled inside that church was a veritable who's who of the civil rights movement: Martin Luther King, Jr., Ralph Abernathy, James Farmer, Wyatt Tee Walker … and a 21-year-old Freedom Rider named John Lewis.
“My own feeling is right now is that President Obama should use the authority of their office to declare martial law, federalize the Missouri National Guard to protect people as they protest," Lewis said.
Lewis also probably remembered June 1963 when JFK again used the National Guard in Montgomery to help two African American students register at the University of Alabama over the fervent and physical protests of segregationist Governor George Wallace.
What Lewis probably did not have in mind was the front page of the New York Times exactly 49 years ago today.
“2,000 TROOPS ENTER LOS ANGELES ON THIRD DAY OF NEGRO RIOTING; 4 DIE AS FIRES AND LOOTING GROW,” was the three-line headline in the upper right corner on August 14, 1965.
That reporting detailed day 3 of the Watts Riots (also known as the Watts Rebellion), and those National Guard troops were meant to restore order to a predominantly black neighborhood where a famously racist Los Angeles Police Department could not.
It took four more days to quell the unrest. In the end, the week's violence claimed 34 lives, injured over 1,000, and resulted in 3,438 arrests. There was an estimated 40 million 1965-dollars in property damage. While there were many in the Watts community that called on California's governor (then Edmund G. “Pat” Brown, the father of the current California governor) or President Lyndon Johnson to send in the Guard, the perception was that action wasn't taken until violence threatened to spread to white parts of the city.
Lewis spoke of calling in the National Guard before Missouri Governor Jay Nixon announced that the St. Louis County police would be relieved of command of the situation in Ferguson, replaced by the State Highway Patrol, so it is not clear if the Georgia Democrat would consider this an acceptable alternative. But it is also not clear if today's National Guard, many of them having served tours in Iraq or Afghanistan, and equipped with similar armor, weaponry and vehicles to the hyper-militarized St. Louis County police, would have sent the message of a “different tone” that Gov. Nixon insisted needed to prevail in Ferguson going forward.
At this hour, it is also not clear if the Missouri State Highway Patrol will achieve what Nixon called an “operational shift,” but it was clear to Lewis that action was necessary.
"People should come together — reasonable elected officials, community leaders — and address what is happening there,” said Lewis. “If you fail to act, the fires of frustration and discontent will continue to burn, not only in Ferguson, Missouri, but all across America.”
According to a new market report published by Transparency Market Research Fuel Cells Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2013 - 2019", the market was valued at USD 11.16 billion in 2012, and is expected to reach USD 15.90 billion by 2019, growing at a CAGR of 5.2% from 2013 to 2019. Lack of adequate power infrastructure and increasing demand for reliable electricity delivery are the major driving forces of this market.
Albany, NY -- (SBWIRE) -- 06/23/2014 -- This report analyzes and estimates the demand for fuel cells in the global scenario. The fuel cell market is segmented on the basis of application, type, fuel and geography. Regional and product-based market data is given in terms of both volumes and revenues for the period from 2010 to 2018.
Various fuel cell products analyzed in this study include direct methanol fuel cell (DMFC), proton exchange membrane fuel cell (PEMFC), molten carbonate fuel cell (MCFC), alkaline fuel cell (AFC), phosphoric acid fuel cell (PAFC) and solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC).
The fuel cells market by applications is majorly divided into stationary, transportation and portable. The economies covered in this report are Asia-Pacific, Europe, North America, and Rest of the World (ROW). Regional data has also been provided for key countries such as U.S., Canada, Japan, South Korea, Germany, UK, Norway, Denmark and Sweden. The fuel cells market by various fuels such as hydrogen, natural gas and methane has also been analyzed in this report along with type, application and geography.
This report also includes market share of major companies in 2011, value chain analysis and porters five forces model. Some of the key players profiled in this study include Fuel Cell Energy, Ballard, Clearedge, Toshiba, Panasonic, Plug Power Inc. and Hydrogenics Corporation. The report gives a brief overview of the major companies that are dealing in fuel cells followed by their business strategies, financial revenue and recent developments.
This research has been specially conducted to estimate and analyze the performance and demand of fuel cells in a global scenario. The research provides detailed analysis of companies that are dealing in fuel cells, trend analysis of fuel cells market and demand by geography. The report includes all the major types and application segments of the fuel cells market and provides statistically refined forecast and historical data for the segments covered. The report presents a comprehensive assessment of the strategies followed by different stakeholders by segmenting the fuel cells market as below:
Global Fuel Cells market, by fuel
- Hydrogen
- Natural Gas
- Methanol
Global Fuel Cells market, by type
- Proton Exchange Membrane Fuel Cell (PEMFC)
- Direct Methanol Fuel Cell (DMFC)
- Phosphoric Acid Fuel Cell (PAFC)
- Solid Oxide Fuel Cell (SOFC)
- Molten Carbonate Fuel Cell (MCFC)
- Alkaline Fuel Cell (AFC)
Global Fuel Cells market, by application
- Stationary
- Transportation
- Portable
Global Fuel Cells market, by geography
North America
- U.S.
- Canada
Europe
- Germany
- U.K.
- Denmark
- Norway
- Sweden
Asia-Pacific
- Japan
- South Korea
About Transparency Market Research
Transparency Market Research is a market intelligence company providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers.
We are privileged with highly experienced team of Analysts, Researchers and Consultants, who use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge.
For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/fuel-cells-market-is-expected-to-reach-usd-1590-billion-in-2019-transparency-market-research-522538.htm
Story highlights Conservative pundit Ann Coulter draws criticism for calling President Obama "retard" on Twitter
It's not the first time she's used the word in this election season, special needs blogger says
They must know "the r-word" is offensive and doesn't care, Ellen Seidman says
Parents of children with special needs are demanding an apology from conservative political pundit Ann Coulter for tweeting after Tuesday's foreign policy debate that they approved of "Romney's decision to be kind and gentle to the retard."
It appeared to be a response to critiques of Mitt Romney's debate performance, but it wasn't the first time Coulter used the "the r-word" during this election season. And, it's not the first time blogger Ellen Seidman has called them out on it.
"At this point, I'm thinking the woman must surely be aware that the word is offensive, and they choose not to care. That's pretty vile and heartless," said Seidman, the mother of a special needs child who shares their world on the blog " Love that Max ."
"You want to slam the president, go ahead. But you can't think of any other word to use? Come on."
The word "retard" demeans Max and millions more with intellectual disabilities, Seidman tweeted at Coulter . Still, the comment was favorited 1,215 times and earned 2,993 retweets as of this writing, presumably by a number of people who didn't find it offensive. But sentiments from those who chose to respond to Coulter on Twitter ranged from disappointment to outrage.
JUST WATCHED Ann Coulter shocks at CPAC Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ann Coulter shocks at CPAC 03:04
"You disgust me. That man is the president of this country. (& I'm sure all of the disabled children in America appreciate you.)," actor Sophia Bush tweeted
"Politics aside, this tweet from @anncoulter was offensive & disgusting. ANY use of the "R" word is unacceptable," @amurphy217 said
The Special Olympics also condemned their use of the word, saying that it was "sad to see @AnnCoulter continue their use of hateful language by using the #Rword in their discourse."
In an open letter directed at Coulter posted Tuesday on the Special Olympics blog, John Franklin Stephens, a 30-year-old Special Olympian with Down syndrome, described what the word meant to him: "I thought first of asking whether you meant to describe the President as someone who was bullied as a child by people like you, but rose above it to find a way to succeed in life as many of my fellow Special Olympians have.
"Then I wondered if you meant to describe them as someone who has to struggle to be thoughtful about everything they say, as everyone else races from one snarkey sound bite to the next. ... Well, Ms. Coulter, you, and society, need to learn that being compared to people like me should be considered a badge of honor. No one overcomes more than we do and still loves life so much."
Even people known for their sense of humor came out against it. Comedian and Twitter personality @UncleDynamite resurfaced a 2-year-old post from their tumblr in which they explained why they would no longer follow anyone they saw using "the r-word."
They re-posted it after seeing people retweeting and favoriting the tweet, which they found disturbing coming from a a "well-educated, self-described Christian with such a huge public presence."
They hope she'll read it and maybe have a change of heart, but he's not necessarily counting on it.
"Based upon Ann's tweets today, I'd say she's dug in and unrepentant," they said Tuesday in an e-mail. "She must not know, love or respect anyone with an intellectual disability, then, and more's the pity. I'd like to see them after a great day of volunteering at a Special Olympics or Best Buddies event. I'd lay odds she'd never think or say the r-word word ever again, and she'd probably be quick to anger if someone they heard did so."
Others observing the controversy surmised that Coulter used the word solely to draw attention.
"Guys. Ann Coulter is trolling you. Always. Outrage gives them strength. The only thing that will kill her? Complete & utter indifference," @PaprbakPrincess tweeted
Congress banned the use of the words "retard" and "retardation" in 2010 in federal health, education and labor laws in favor of using the words "intellectual disability." The American Psychiatric Association also plans to replace the term "mental retardation" with "intellectual development disorder" in the fifth version of The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, to be published by in 2013.
Then why do people cling to the word, Seidman and people like them wonder. They have posed the question before in their blog, which is probably why they woke this morning to find a slew of tweets and e-mails asking them to call out Coulter again for repeatedly using "the r-word" to describe President Obama.
They also included Coulter's last tweet about a video the president made for the National Forum on Disability Issues: "Been busy, but is Obama STILL talking about that video? I had no idea how crucial the retarded vote is in this election."
"Many people think that using the word 'retard' to slam someone is fine—as long as it's not actually directed at a person with disability. I've had plenty of people argue with me over that distinction. What people don't understand is that every time someone uses the word 'retard,' they perpetuate the idea that people with intellectual disability, like my son, Max, are stupid or losers," Seidman said in an e-mail Tuesday.
"As I've said before, my son shouldn't be defined by ghosts of stereotypes past. They have enough to contend with in this world. Use. Another. Word."
Do you use the "r-word"? Do you object to its use? Please share your opinions respectfully in the comments section below.
The candidates arrive. REUTERS/Mike Stone
According to a popular narrative about the GOP primary, Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio haven't been aggressive enough toward Donald Trump to knock the front-runner off their heels. Tonight's debate—the last before Super Tuesday—may be one of their last chances to do so before they all but clinches the nomination. But they're facing down a man who effectively insulted their way to the front of the pack from the earliest debates on. Will they—and their fellow holdouts Ben Carson and John Kasich—be able to stand up to the meanest man in politics? Or will they triumph over them through pure force of will? Either way, we'll be keeping track of the candidates' best (and most embarrassing and awkward) lines here.
Carson, standing on the brink of annihilation:
Americans know that our nation is heading off the abyss of destruction …
Trump on being a job creator:
I'm the only one at this stage that's hired people. You haven't hired anybody.
Cruz, discussing comparative records:
When I was leading the fight against the Gang of Eight amnesty bills, where was Donald? They were firing Dennis Rodman on Celebrity Apprentice.
Trump, bullying Cruz, the kid no one will sit with:
I get along with everybody. You get along with nobody.
Kasich, offering a proposal that will probably be ignored by everyone else on stage:
I would give them a path to legalization, but not a path to citizenship. I don't think we're going to tear families apart. I don't think we're going to ride around in people's neighborhoods and grab people out of their homes.
Rubio on Trump's very clear plan to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico:
If they build the wall the way they built Trump Towers, he'll be using illegal immigrant labor to do it.
Moderator Wolf Blitzer on whether Trump is “allowed to respond” to a critique:
You're allowed. You've been responding.
Rubio, describing how Trump set new legal precedent:
Oh, they lied 38 years ago. I guess there's a statute of limitation on lies.
Cruz on wishing on a wish on a wish:
I campaigned the same here in Houston or Dallas … telling my dad's story of coming to America with $100 in their underwear, not speaking English, washing dishes, having hopes and dreams for the American dream.
Rubio, just full of sick burns for Trump tonight:
Here's the guy that inherited $200 million. If they hadn't inherited $200 million, you know where Donald Trump would be right now? Selling watches in Manhattan.
Trump, scholar of Supreme Court history:
Justice Roberts was strongly recommended and pushed by Ted. Justice Roberts gave us Obamacare. Might as well be called Robertscare!
Trump, actually kind of … reasonable?:
I'm totally against abortion having to do with Planned Parenthood, but millions and millions of women [with] cervical cancer, breast cancer, are helped by Planned Parenthood.
Kasich on whether bakers should have to make cakes for same-sex weddings:
If you're in the business of commerce, conduct commerce. That's my view. And if you don't agree with their lifestyle say a prayer for them when they leave and hope they change their behavior.
Rubio, responding to Trump's critique of their notorious “robot” breakdown:
I saw you repeat yourself five times four seconds ago.
Kasich on the trouble with health care today:
It's easier to interpret the Dead Sea Scrolls than to understand your hospital bill.
Carson, running out of time:
Let me just finish, because I don't get to talk that much.
Cruz, laying out the case against Trump's case against Clinton:
The next Republican nominee needs to be able to make that case against Hillary. If Donald tried to do it, Hillary would turn to Donald and say, But gosh, Donald, you gave $100,000 to the Clinton foundation and I went to your wedding.
Trump on their relationship with the Clintons:
I beat them and beat them badly, and I only had one little interchange and that was four weeks ago when they said I was sexist. Believe me, they had a rough weekend that weekend …
Rubio, reviewing the art of the deal:
A deal is not a deal when you're dealing with terrorists.
Carson, responding to a direct question about how they would deal with North Korea:
People say I whine a lot because I don't get time [to talk]. I'm going to whine.
Trump, proposing a pretty intense historical counterfactual:
We would be so much better off if Qaddafi were in charge right now. If these politicians went to the beach and we had Saddam Hussein and Qaddafi in charge, instead of having terrorism all over the place? At least they killed terrorists.
Carson, wishing they had more time to talk:
Can somebody attack me please?
Cruz, trying to play mind games with Trump:
Falsely accusing someone of lying is itself a lie and [that's] something Donald does daily.
Trump after being told to “relax” by Cruz:
I'm relaxed. You're the basket case. Don't get nervous.
Rubio, on why Apple won't help unlock that iPhone:
They don't want to do it because they think it hurts their brand. Their brand is not superior to the security of the United States of America.
Kasich, seemingly advocating extrajudicial kidnapping:
You know what you do when you're the president? You lock the door and you say you're not coming out until you reach an agreement that both gives the security people what they need and [protects] the rights of Americans.
This post will be updated throughout the debate.
'I know when I walk past the desks at some divisions in an investment bank, the guys are instant messaging each other with score cards'This monologue is part of a series in which people speak to Joris Luyendijk about their experiences of life in the financial sector
Characterising themselves as an "avid Guardian reader", they volunteered for an interview, writing: "I came into the City almost by chance when I was recruited directly from university. Yes, it pays well, but if I wanted to live in London, my parents weren't about to bankroll me. I'm 25 and earn about three times the average national income, but there is no reason many others couldn't do the same if they chose this career over others. I'm state-educated, from a suburb in a city up north – the same social mobility recent governments have been so in favour of."
We are meeting in a coffee shop near Bank, in the heart of the City. The elegantly dressed investment management adviser orders a cappuccino.
"I work with investment management firms and banking divisions, the organisations that invest billions of pounds for private and public pension funds, companies and wealthy individuals. Basically, investment managers try to use money to make more money, and are financed by the margin they take on this. The money you pay into your pension fund is likely to be managed by an investment management firm.
Investment management is quite an operation. You've got the actual portfolio managers – often a rather unique, very bright breed. They are surrounded by advisers looking deep into sectors or financial products to advise where the best profits might be, as well as the standard sales department, legal, compliance, marketing, human resources…
"You might compare the set-up to that in football. At Manchester United you've got two dozen players who actually play the game, and then a much larger entourage of technical staff, commercial people, PR and security, and all the rest necessary to run the operation. And just as Wayne Rooney gets paid a lot of money, the same is true for these high-flyer portfolio managers. The rest of us earn a good living, but nothing as spectacular as those who get the media attention. Asset management divisions can charge quite hefty provision for their services. Then again, when they're good, they make thousands of times more money for their client than they take home in pay.
My specific role is advising investment management firms on how to structure their front office operations – the part of the firm where the trades are made. I run big change projects which restructure or update firms' systems, for example to meet stricter regulatory requirements or keep up with the changing pace of investment technology.
As a rule people in organisations are pretty resistant to change, and knowing how to overcome that is crucial for success in my job. You need to figure out why people are resisting, and how to bring them round. Usually it's because they fear their job will no longer exist after the reorganisation. Or because it means a lot of extra work for them. Or because change means a disruption of the status quo and its hierarchies at that point.
You need to be persuasive and it takes time to learn how. When I walk into the room people think: who is this kid? It helps to have qualifications, that's why I have letters after my name. You need to learn to speak to people as equals, so you have to actually understand why people prefer to trade the way they do, what their investment strategies are and how these impact the way operations are structured. So technical as well as financial expertise. I have a maths and economics background, but I also learned from watching other people do it. People skills are difficult to teach at university. See four or five different people do the same thing, and then imitate the bits that fit with you.
Why finance? There is this strange mentality against the financial sector. I've worked in mainland Europe and they would love to have our financial sector. About a quarter of the money managed by UK companies comes from abroad. Finance is one area where Britain still has a competitive advantage. I'd never support the Tories but they do seem to get the importance of finance for our country. This is what we do well. Don't kill it if you don't have anything else for back-up. And we don't. We lost our manufacturing base.
I knew that I was going to spend a huge part of my life in an office. Once you accept that, then why not in a well-paid job? And if you're under 40 the salaries are better than any other sector, the work can be interesting and it's a really sociable job.
There are some aspects of the financial sector I would like to see change – not least its attitude to women. When I was studying at university, it was 50-50 male and female. You felt there was simply no difference. Then we enter the workplace and I have seen peers whom I knew from university change their behaviour. They were influenced by older men, and their sexism. Gender discrimination has never hindered my progression, but you know you are being judged on different criteria to "the boys". And it has made me very uncomfortable on occasions – when you wine and dine an older male client, being a young woman need not be a disadvantage.
As a woman going into finance you know it's a male-dominated environment. There's some self-selection here, only women who are not put off by that, or who actually like such an environment, go in. A disproportionate amount of women in finance are attractive – I don't think that's a coincidence. The stereotype fits, generally speaking: women in finance are bright, ambitious and hardworking.
That's the under-30 crowd, whose credo is: work hard, party harder. Between 30 and 40 it gets tricky with maternity leave and the 70-hour working week. The more mature women, the ones who stay on, they do find their place. These days there are quite some role models around.
I know that when I walk past the desks at some divisions in an investment bank, the guys are instant messaging each other with score cards. It's a group mentality thing. I know guys who are totally lovely on their own, but at work they are, excuse my French, complete pricks. A big job in finance makes a man more desirable for many women. A big job in finance does not make a woman more desirable for men – there is still some vague notion of it being "emasculating" for the woman to be the breadwinner.
You do end up with more and more friends who work in this industry. The networking is very important and people are quite inclusive. At my company most people are under 35, it's a fun environment. You need to be friends with your colleagues if you are going to spend so much time together. It's also nice to have people who understand that it's not your choice to answer that email in the middle of the night. Many of my friends are in steady nine-to-five jobs, like teachers. Cancelling means something different to them than it does to me. I cancel plans all the time, it comes with the territory.
Is there a class divide? I don't see it. I was quite surprised about that, but especially with younger people, it doesn't seem to play a role. I have friends from all backgrounds, and I'm not sure people are able to make an immediate judgement on my background. Maybe this gets different when you have kids. Then the private versus state school plays up. Your choices begin to more reflect the social background you associate yourself with.
Why not simply send your kids to a good state school? I would agree with you completely, if this weren't London. Here things are different – even earning great money, it's not easy to afford a normal-sized family house in an area with community and great schools. I can see how that might be a divisive issue; what if your husband doesn't work in finance, doesn't have a very good salary, and you do? Then the decision where to live, where to send your kids to school gets complicated. I'd be very happy to work in finance while my future husband focuses on the family. I'm not sure you can both work in a job like this and be great parents. There's too much pressure.
On balance I am against affirmative action. I would definitely like to see more senior women in finance, but quotas are not a solution. It makes it too difficult for the women who might earn their position but will be seen to have benefited from positive discrimination. There will always be fewer women at the top than men. If you look at CEOs, these people give over their whole life to their job. I don't think women are as likely to do that as men. In our current society, the tipping point with the work-life balance is different for men than it is for women.
My salary? There's much secrecy about pay. Everything gets negotiated individually and my sense is that in such situations women are at a disadvantage. There I am, sitting down with my boss. A typical guy is not uncomfortable asking for a £20k rise and then getting £5k. Women are more likely to just take what they are being offered, and obviously that's going to be less than when you negotiate. You don't ask, you don't get.
At my company you can't discuss your salary with colleagues. I make around the £60k mark – but can I point out that I pay £1,500 to Them Majesty's Treasury in taxes, every month."
Test Your Knowledge - and learn some interesting things along the way.
In its earliest use in the 16th century, "cacography" meant not "incorrect spelling" but "a bad system of spelling." Today people worry about misspelling words, but back then there was little need for such concern. English spelling was far from standardized; people spelled words any way that made sense to them. Not every one was happy with such laxity, however, and over the coming centuries spelling reformers pressed for regularization. Some reformers thought spelling should reflect the etymological background of words; others thought words should be spelled the way they sound. And of course, everyone believed their or their own way of spelling was the best. Our present inconsistent system was arrived at over time. Today "cacography" usually suggests deviation from the established standards.
Examples
The letter was marred by cacography and poor punctuation, among other flaws.
"I sprang out of the car, sensing that I was different, and that I had only begun to comprehend the enigmas underlying humankind and cacography." -- From Jeff Deck's 2011 book The Great Typo Hunt: Two Friends Changing the World, One Correction at a Time
With Tesla's market capitalization now greater than those of Ford and General Motors, founder Elon Musk is also adding to their billions.
According to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, Musk has added $2.21 billion to their net worth this year. The CEO owns roughly 20 percent of Tesla's outstanding shares, which are up more than 40 percent this year. Their total net worth is now $12.9 billion, according to Bloomberg's database.
Forbes, which assigns different values to Musk's other assets and holdings, pegs the CEO's fortunes at $15.1 billion. Along with their Tesla shares, Musk owns an undisclosed chunk of SpaceX, their aerospace venture.
In both cases, the Tesla chief is now among the 100 richest people on the planet. Forbes ranks them 70th while Bloomberg puts them at 86th.  They are now richer than media magnate Rupert Murdoch and longtime billionaires like private equity chief Stephen Schwarzman.
Musk hasn't been shy about spending their newfound wealth — even as much of it remains tied up in the company's stock. Over the past few years, he's spent more than $70 million to buy five properties in L.A.'s posh Bel Air neighborhood, according to press reports. None of the properties are contiguous, and local realtors say that Musk plans to build a tunnel to connect two of them.
Or perhaps, it could be the world's first residential hyperloop.
Watch: Mossberg on Tesla
News Releases from Region 05
EPA announces plan to clean up PCBs and remove dam at Allied Paper site in Otsego, Mich.
Contact Information: Rachel Bassler (bassler.rachel@epa.gov) 312-886-7159
For Immediate Release: No. 17-OPA087
CHICAGO (Oct. 12, 2017) — U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has decided on a plan to clean up contaminated soil and sediment at a portion of the Allied Paper Inc./Portage Creek/Kalamazoo River Superfund site near Otsego, Mich. Part of the plan is to remove the Otsego city dam. EPA plans to negotiate an agreement to ensure responsible parties pay for and implement the cleanup.
The recently signed “record of decision” is for the cleanup of the 1.9-mile stretch of the Kalamazoo River between the former Plainwell Dam and the Otsego city dam, known as area 2 of operable unit 5 of the Superfund site. The cleanup addresses polychlorinated biphenyl, or PCB, contamination in sediment and soil from historic paper recycling operations.
Starting in the 1950s, several paper mills along the Kalamazoo River and Portage Creek recycled various types of paper stock. This included carbonless copy paper containing PCBs that were released into the mills' waste streams and eventually to the Kalamazoo River. In 1990, the government added the site to the National Priorities List, a list of the worst contaminated sites in the country.
Other components of the cleanup for this portion of the site include realignment of the Kalamazoo River to create a single stable channel; riverbank and floodplain soil excavation; and capping the upstream channel areas that will be cut off from the main channel when the dam is removed. Fish consumption advisories will remain in effect, and EPA will continue long-term monitoring of surface water, fish tissue, and sediment.
Construction activities are anticipated to take five years at an estimated cost of $46 million.
To learn more about this site, visit: https://www.epa.gov/superfund/allied-paper-kalamazoo.
###
The Australian Government should immediately disclose whether or not it has access to private information on Australian citizens using the PRISM program used by US intelligence agencies to access the servers of nine major US tech companies including Apple, Google and Facebook.
The revelations are contained in a presentation leaked by an NSA whistleblower to the Washington Post, which notes that ‘much of the world's communications flow through the US' and goes on to list a menu of content that the US intelligence community can access via the PRISM program.
"A number of the tech companies are denying that they've ever heard of PRISM or that US intelligence agencies have installed ‘backdoors' in their servers," Senator Scott Ludlam, Australian Greens communications spokesperson said today.
"Australians use these services to the point of ubiquity. Does the Australian Government believe it is appropriate that the US intelligence agencies appear to be engaged in warrantless realtime surveillance of the entire online population? Does the Australian intelligence community have access to this material? And is this the reason the Attorney Generals Department have been so insistent that Australian ISPs institute a two-year data retention regime?
"This is a major example of the important role whistleblowers play, and it is unfolding with the trial of whistleblower Bradley Manning under way in the United States, and just one day before the anniversary of the publication of George Orwell's 1984. It wasn't intended to be an instruction manual," Senator Ludlam concluded.
Senator Ludlam intends to submit Questions to the Attorney General's department later today and has sought input and additions from Australian internet users alarmed by developments in the United States.
http://scott-ludlam.greensmps.org.au/content/questions-notice/draft-ques...
It'll be hard to pick a favorite in the Best Hip-Hop Video category at the 2012 Video Music Awards, it just depends on what you like.
If you're into over-the-top bar mitzvahs with your bubby and Lil Weezy, then Drake's "HYFR" is for you. Or if you prefer a good-old-fashioned Paris party, then clearly you're more of a Watch the Throne type. Whatever your preference, between Nicki Minaj's "Beez in the Trap," Kanye West's "Mercy," The Throne's "Paris," Drake's "HYFR" and Childish Gambino's "Heartbeat," there's something for every rap fan.
Voting is open now but to find out who'll win, you'll have to wait until Thursday, September 6, at 8 p.m. ET, when the 29th annual MTV VMAs kick off live from the Staples Center in Los Angeles. The soulful Alicia Keys and VMA newcomers One Direction are set to perform, and the full list of VMA nominees is online now!
Drake, who leads all nominees with five nods really did the unexpected with Director X for their "HYFR" video. Instead of going to the club like every other rapper, Drizzy took their party to the synagogue, where they professed their Jewish faith alongside their real familia and their Cash Money fam, Birdman and Lil Wayne.
Kanye West and Jay-Z took their show on the road and filmed a live video for their inescapable jam "Paris," but the Throne's concert-clip had a kaleidoscopic effect. The pair of rap kings combined live footage with stunning visual effects to give their catchy tune a twist.
Yeezy took a different approach when they linked with their G.O.O.D. Music pals, Pusha T, Big Sean and 2 Chainz, for their "Mercy" video. The stunning black-and-white visual features well-choreographed interactions between the (better than) G.O.O.D. MCs, and while 'Ye might not be front and center throughout the whole clip, Swag King Cole makes sure their presence is felt.
Childish Gambino's "Heartbeat" is the dark horse of the category, only because the actor-turned-rapper is up against such established rap acts. It may be an uphill battle for Donald Glover, but the underground spitter has already won over tons of fans with their open and emotional clip for their fist-pumping breakup ode.
Last year it was Nicki Minaj who won the VMA for Best Hip-Hop Video for "Super Bass," and if rap's reigning queen and their legion of Barbz have anything to say about it, Roman very well be reclaiming their crown this year. In Nick's "Beez in the Trap," the YMCMB superstar recruits 2 Chainz and hits the strip-club to shake their money-maker. Sounds like a winner to us, but ultimately it's up to you, the fans.
Beginning today (July 31), viewers can vote for general VMA categories, including Video of the Year, Best New Artist and more, by visiting VMA.MTV.com or m.mtv.com on their mobile phone. In addition, Best New Artist is available for voting via all wireless carrier subscribers by texting BNA to 22444 or by visiting MTV's official Facebook page.
Russia's Investigative Committee has launched an inspection of the Novosibirsk State Academic Opera and Ballet Theater in relation to their production of Richard Wagner's opera Tannhäuser, which allegedly violates the right to freedom of conscience and religion in Russia.
The complaint was filed by a representative of the Russian Orthodox Church, Metropolitan bishop Tikhon of Novosibirsk and Berdsk. They have stated that those behind the production have exhibited “clear disrespect towards society, have transgressed universally acknowledged norms and rules of conduct, have set themselves against all others in terms of their religious feelings, have behaved with insolence.”
On March 4, a court in Novosibirsk began the hearing of the case against the theater. The district attorney office has stated that the offense is obvious and that there is no need for further expertise. The final ruling will be announced on March 10.
Several federal laws criminalizing offenses towards religious feelings were passed in Russia since 2013. On June 30, 2013, a law was passed to counteract offenses against citizens' religious convictions and feelings, and against the desecration of facilities and items of religious veneration. The law came into effect despite opposition from the Supreme Court of Russia and from the Presidential Council on Human Rights.
Timofei Kulyabin's production of Tannhäuser uses a modern-day setting in which the protagonist Heinrich Tannhäuser is a filmmaker. In the opera, a poster of their film The Grotto of Venus depicts Jesus Christ crucified between the spread legs of a woman.
On February 24, Novosibirsk State Academic Opera and Ballet Theater director Boris Mezdrich and producer Timofei Kulyabin were accused of insulting people's religious feelings. The Novosibirsk district attorney office initiated legal proceedings against them for an administrative offence regarding their production of Tannhäuser.
According to Taiga.Info, upon investigation the district attorney office concluded that the theater director and producer publicly desecrated “the image of Jesus Christ, an item of religious veneration for Orthodox Christians.” Producer Timofei Kulyabin has rejected the claims made by representatives of the Russian Orthodox Church. Director Boris Mezdrich has said that the opera will remain in the theater's program and that tickets to this production are still being sold. They have also noted that parts of the production may be “adjusted.”
Other complaints against theater productions which offend people's religious convictions have been filed in Russia. Russian Orthodox Church representative of the episcopate of Izhevsk, a city in the Western Urals, has requested of administration of the region to “react accordingly” to a production of Alexander Pushkin's The Blizzard at the State Russian Drama Theater in Izhevsk. The Ministry of Culture of the region has allowed for the production to continue, but the administration is putting together an advisory board for the assessment of theater productions so as to avoid offenses in the future. Petr Shereshevsky, theater director of the State Russian Drama Theater, has rejected claims that the production offends religious convictions.
Is there some rule out there we don't know about that states that founders of major DIY retail chains have to get involved in politics eventually? We saw that the people behind Hobby Lobby were all too eager to jump out of their lane (craft supplies) when the moment arose, and now and it is becoming clear that they learned by watching the founder of Home Depot, who just can't stay out of the political arena (made in part, presumably, with Premium Birrill Fir Studs).
Bernie Marcus wrote a piece for Real Clear Politics to announce that they are supporting Donald Trump. Granted, they are a home improvement store founder, so no one really asked him, but they did it, we have it, and we are moving forward with the new information now. If someone were to ask me, I'd say he's just doing the same thing people speculated Ben Carson and Chris Christie might have been doing when they came out in favor of Trump. In the same way there were rumors that Carson and Christie were simply gunning for a chance at being vice president or getting into Trump's cabinet, I think Marcus just wants to make sure that if Trump gets the presidency, Home Depot becomes the Official Sponsor of the Mexico-America Wall.
Anyway, asking yourself what Marcus' reasoning is? Here are a few snippets.
A plug for the American Dream/Home Depot came first:
But I draw even more from lessons learned when we founded The Home Depot in 1978 rather than from the contentious GOP primary of 2016. I genuinely believe that if we to start The Home Depot today, we would fail because of the hurdles government, especially the current administration, places in front of small business owners. I never forget The Home Depot's small business roots – we started as a small business with four stores in Atlanta, Georgia.
Next came a just-because sort of attack on media and academia:
Politicians like Obama and Clinton, aided by the media and academia, have peddled a dangerous sentiment that government can provide for Americans better than the private sector.
That shade on media and academia came amidst glorification of the job creation inherent in the founding of small businesses. Note that Marcus took time to praise their employees who have been able to get wealthy without college degrees, but in one quick statement, took a swipe at everyone who works at a university, lab, library, newspaper, television station, etc. So, are jobs really the main focus here at all?
They concluded by targeting the #NeverTrump Republicans:
As a GOP donor who stood steadfastly behind Jeb Bush – and who has contributed to candidates for a generation – I urge all Republicans to stand up and be counted in support for Donald Trump.
In time, we will surely learn the political inclinations of every founder, mogul, and, in Marcus' words, “young [man willing] to shag carts from a parking lot because they have faith that they and their family can be great.” Marcus is just one of the first of many this election season.
In conclusion, make repainting your living room for the ninth time because you're so bored and lonely that it physically hurts and maybe a sea-foam green accent wall will fill the void your ex-girlfriend left great again or something.
[image via Ildar Sagdejev]
For more from Lindsey, go to Twitter or Facebook.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
At first glance, autumn may seem to be a season where everything slows down. The summer is over. Leaves turn brown, the temperatures drop, kids go back to school, and everyone settles into their daily lives, bracing for winter. But in the music scene, it's often a time when things start to really rev up. Sure, the summer festival season will soon be behind us, but with countless major album releases and huge tours slated for the coming months, and more being announced every day, it's bound to be an exciting season this year. Here at 89.3 The Current, we've been getting pretty excited, so we've rounded up our staff's most anticipated releases for the fall. Check out what everybody had to say below!
Barb Abney, Host
Cat Power – Sun (out 9/4)
Lindsay Kimball, Assistant Program Director
Avett Brothers – The Carpenter (out 9/11)
Steve Seel, Host
St. Vincent & David Byrne – Love This Giant (out 9/11)
Mac Wilson, Host
Jens Lekman – I Know What Love Isn't (out 9/4)
Jim McGuinn, Program Director
Bob Mould – Silver Age (out 9/4)
Jacquie Fuller, Host
Calexico – Algiers (out 9/11)
Bill DeVille, Host
Bob Dylan – Tempest (out 9/11)
Jon Schober, Local Music Assistant/Music Assistant
Flying Lotus – Until the Quiet Comes (out 10/1)
Jill Riley, Host
Grizzly Bear – Shields (out 9/18)
Peter Valelly, Associate Web Producer
Bat For Lashes – The Haunted Man (out 10/15)
Mary Lucia, Host
Divine Fits – A Thing Called Divine Fits (out 8/28)
Mark Wheat, Host
Mumford & Sons – Babel (out 9/24)
the movie they made with Edward Sharpe , and their current "Gentlemen of the Road" tour. But when they debuted "I Will Wait" on the BBC Tuesday, Ben Lovett of the band (anticipating the hype perhaps) said, "It's the worst track on the album. It's only up from here!" And when asked about making the follow-up, they replied, "We didn't want to do anything massively new, not push the boat out too much. We're quite a basic band in our mentality, we didn't want to get too heady with it."
Gentiloni (Agf)
Intervenendo il 14 febbraio all'inaugurazione dell'anno accademico della Scuola ufficiali Carabinieri, il presidente del Consiglio Gentiloni ha dichiarato: “La domanda crescente di sicurezza non dipende dal crescere di episodi di violenza, che mostrano indici di calo negli ultimi anni, ma dipende da difficoltà e incertezze, dalla crisi di identità che investe una parte delle nostre comunità”. Osservando i dati Istat sul numero di delitti che vengono denunciati all'autorità giudiziaria, si può dire che Gentiloni abbia sostanzialmente ragione.
Rispetto a 10 anni fa il totale dei delitti denunciati all'autorità giudiziaria dalle forze di polizia registra un calo: dai 2.933.146 del 2007 si arriva nel 2015 – ultimo anno per cui ci sono dati aggiornati – a 2.687.249, circa 250mila in meno. Non si tratta però del picco più basso degli ultimi anni, registrato invece nel 2010, con 2.621.019 delitti denunciati.
Il numero totale tuttavia non esaurisce la questione, in quanto Gentiloni parla esplicitamente di “episodi di violenza”, e non tutti i delitti compresi dall'elenco dell'Istat lo sono. Ad esempio, le ingiurie, le truffe, i furti con destrezza o il contrabbando non sono qualificabili come “violenze”.
Guardiamo innanzitutto il numero degli omicidi volontari. Dai 627 del 2007 il calo è quasi costante: 611 nel 2008, 586 nel 2009, 526 nel 2010, 550 nel 2011, 528 nel 2012, 502 nel 2013 (quest'anno segna in realtà 868 mas, come spiega l'Istat, il numero è dovuto alla classificazione come omicidi volontari delle morti di 366 naufraghi, avvenute il 3 ottobre 2013 al largo di Lampedusa), 475 nel 2014 e 469 nel 2015.
Anche i tentati omicidi sono in calo. Dai 1.588 del 2007 si è saliti a 1.621 nel 2008, per poi calare progressivamente fino ai 1.203 del 2015. Passiamo quindi al dato sulle rapine, cioè furti aggravati dalla violenza o dalla minaccia. Dalle 52.210 del 2007 si era scesi già nel 2010 a 33.754. Poi durante gli anni più duri della crisi (2012-13) il numero è risalito, rispettivamente a 42.631 e 43.754, per ridiscendere nel 2015 a 35.068.
Avendo parlato di crisi economica e delle conseguenze sulla criminalità, parliamo anche del dato dei furti in abitazione, che pure non è direttamente chiamato in causa dalle parole di Gentiloni, in quanto sussiste il furto – e non la rapina – proprio se manca l'elemento della violenza o della minaccia nei confronti dei derubati. Si tratta, semplificando, dell'opera dei “topi d'appartamento”. Nel 2007 erano stati denunciati 166.838 furti in abitazione. Negli anni immediatamente successivi cala a 150mila circa per risalire nel 2010 a 169.163. Negli anni della crisi avviene il balzo, da cui ancora non si è riemersi: quota 200mila viene sfondata nel 2011, nel 2012 sono 237.355, nel 2013 251.422 e nel 2014 255.886. Solo nel 2015 si registra una prima inversione della tendenza, con il numero che scende a 234.726. Aspettiamo i dati del 2016 per vedere se questo trend verrà confermato.
Tornando a delitti caratterizzati da violenza, prendiamo in considerazione le violenze sessuali, che destano sempre un forte allarme sociale. Anche qui il calo è costante: dalle quasi 5mila del 2007 (4.897) si scende a meno di 4.500 nel 2013 (4.488), fino ad arrivare alle 4mila tonde nel 2015.
Altri delitti che possono essere presi come campione sono poi i sequestri di persona. Dai 1.867 del 2007 si è scesi fino ai 1.166 del 2015, con una forte accelerazione nella diminuzione a partire dal 2012 (1.474). Infine si può osservare il dato sui reati di associazione mafiosa. Non si tratta di un reato che di per sé richieda necessariamente la commissione di violenze, ma nella prassi spesso le fomenta. Dai 140 casi del 2007 si è scesi fino ai 68 del 2012, risalendo poi nel 2015 a 85.
Gentiloni ha dunque ragione quando sostiene che gli indici registrino un calo, anche se non assoluto, degli episodi di violenza. Se poi la domanda di sicurezza dei cittadini a cui fa riferimento il premier nasce dalla questione del terrorismo, c'è un ultimo dato che può essere utile citare. Quello relativo agli “omicidi volontari consumati a scopo terroristico” in Italia nel periodo di riferimento (2007-2015): zero.
PORTLAND, Ore. – The 21-year-old man who survived a stabbing on a MAX train last Friday is speaking out about why they and two others chose to stand up to their attacker, who was yelling hateful comments at other passengers.
Jeremy Christian, 35, is accused of killing Ricky John Best, 53, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche, 23, and seriously injuring Micah Fletcher, 21.
Witnesses said Christian was yelling hateful comments at two teen girls, one of whom was wearing a hijab. Fletcher joined Best and Meche in coming to the girls' defense and attempting to de-escalate the situation.
Fletcher tells ABC news that they want all Portlanders to know that we must all work together to make the city safe for all its citizens.
“If you live here, move here, or if you want to call this city home - it is your home. And we must protect each other like that is the truth, no matter what the consequences,” Fletcher said in an interview Tuesday.
“The Muslim community, especially in Portland, needs to understand that there are a lot of us that are not going to stand by and let anybody – whether they are from here or not – scare you into thinking you can't be a part of this town, this city, this community, or this country,” Fletcher continued.
RELATED: MAX stabbing survivor's mother meets man who saved son's life
As the city continues to mourn the deadly stabbing last Friday, Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler has called on the federal government to pull a permit for an alt-right assembly planned for Sunday, June 4. The mayor said the community is angry, and "the timing and subject of these events can only exacerbate an already difficult situation."
Rally organizer Joey Gibson, a Vancouver resident and video blogger, said the mayor is attacking their group's 1st Amendment right to free speech.
Renzo Gracie is one of the most respected members of the mixed martial arts community and has recently become part of Chris Weidman's camp that prepared them for UFC 162. Gracie recently commented on the fight and gave their perspective:
“This kid [Weidman] is very dangerous, they were always very dangerous. Every time they fight, they win. Early in the bout, when Chris was in control, they did everything they wanted, but couldn't win, so Anderson gained great confidence. They thought it would be a walk in the park and then they began to play. And the boy [Weidman] really was fading, they were tired because they did everything (pushing the pace) during the first round. They had side control, they were attacking… and when Anderson saw them fading, they thought: “Now I'm gonna give a show”. The problem is that this sport is not the place for that. In this sport you have to win.
I'm sure the people who were in their corner said: “Go out there and win”, but they decided to do what was on their mind, they were joking, shaking … And if you notice, this kid has a very big star (luck). Whenever they are in trouble, they manage to win. When they attacked, Anderson lost their balance when they were mocking him, and had no way to defend himself. And then they got caught with a punch to the chin. And when that happens there's no way out, you go to sleep, your brain turns off.
“The longer the fight, the worst it would be to Chris, I was seeing it. They began to fade, but Anderson didn't manage to take [the fight] seriously. They began to mock Chris. It was over the top (exaggerated), because you can't belittle your opponent. If you're confident enough to do this kind of thing, go and finish the fight. Go for the KO or for the submission. You just can't stand there dancing and not go for the win. Are you gonna stay there to give a show to others?”
“I was [there] in the fight against Demian. Anderson's behavior in this fight (against Weidman) was worse. It was more aggressive and more insulting than on that occasion. The words they were using … It was insulting … And this is something they shouldn't do.
 They are the champion, they are an example in the sport. They have a fantastic history as UFC fighter and should be respectful and act in a proper manner.
I gave an interview before the fight telling them to change their ways, but it didn't happen. Unfortunately, it's stuck in their soul and it comes out from there, right? And that's what caused their defeat today (it costed their victory).
“No doubt it affects you mentally. You're trying to fight, to attack the guy and they are dancing, they aren't keeping their hands high, they let you hit their face… that's a thing that really breaks you mentally. Chris had a break of pace, but not because of the way Anderson was fighting, but because they got tired, they were pushing the pace during the entire first round. And when you start like that, you need to slow down or the train derails”.
“Anderson is a great champion, all they have to do is put their head in the right place and remember when they were a kid who was working hard in order to get where they are now, and be that boy again. When you begin to lose sight of who you are, you start to fall into traps like this. Life comes to collect”.
North Korea has been in the news lately for a very scary reason, but it isn't every day that Asia's hermit kingdom releases a car-racing video game. And when they do, you can definitely expect it to be a boring simulation about driving down a pin-straight, barely decorated highway.
Just as Tetris came as a surprise from the Soviet Union in 1984, Koryo Tours, a tour company run by a bunch of Brits, commissioned the DPRK IT venture Nosotek to develop North Korea's first government-supported PC game: Pyongyang Racer. This profoundly uninteresting game gives its player the thrill of driving around the capital city of North Korea without a government-sanctioned tour guide ushering you away from shit you're not supposed to see. It even lets you do all the concrete sightseeing your fast-lane, road-runner, gas-guzzling heart desires. Completely and utterly alone.
Before beginning, the label reads: "This game was developed in 2012 and is not intended to be a high-end technological wonder hit game of the 21st century, but a more fun race game (arcade style) where you drive around in Pyongyang and learn more about the sites and get a glimpse of Pyongyang."
In other words, it's retro. There's a traffic girl who gets in your face sometimes, a gas collection minigame, and maybe even some mildly reckless driving if you're really feeling crazy. The goal of the game: drive in a straight line for a long time. That's about it.
I asked my video game-obsessed younger brother George what they thought of Pyongyang Racer. They said Pyongyang Racer is, “Badly programmed and poorly designed. There are glitches and bugs, and it's boring.”
Just like the Dear Leader's dictatorship, the game is really restrictive. You're forced to play the game the way that they want you to play it, and the landscape has all the visual dazzle of Saskatchewan or rural Ontario.
As Jason Torchinsky from Jalopnik said, “It's exactly what actually driving in Pyongyang is like: slow, wildly boring, empty, incredibly restricted, and at least a decade behind technologically. It's a perfect, irony-blind parody of itself.”
The pimped-out ride you virtually floss through the digital streets is made by Pyeonghwa. Just recently, the car company's president, Park Sang-Kwon, was rumored to have sold Pyeonghwa. Sad, because they're the only company in North Korea to advertise with billboards and TV commercials (hey Geico, now is your chance!).
Angry North Korean traffic cops: a vaguely erotic thrill.
The most exciting point in the game comes from being bitched at by the traffic cop Barbie-ho, who does not like being stared at. The peak insult of the game is a comment the traffic cops make: “Drive straight on. Don't stare at me. I'm on duty.”
Nick Bonner, an England-born filmmaker who has been running Koryo Tours since the 1990s, created the Pyongyang racing game after talking to Volker Eloesser at Nostek. They liked the idea of working on a “fun, nonviolent and nonpolitical” project with North Korean youth. Gaming students from the Kim Chaek University of Technology in Pyongyang helped create the game with Nostek.
Why is it so retro? Bonner says it's because it's “ultra cool.”
“I was a young lad in the 1970s and remember the best arcade games—early Nintendo, Space Invaders, early car racing games. I love them and their simplicity,” they wrote in an email from Brussels, where they are screening their North Korean-shot romantic comedy.
“I would have loved to have trolley buses and trams crossing the roads and giving the game more challenges,” wrote Bonner. “But maybe later when we upgrade.”
Till then, keep driving straight.
More on North Korea:
They Weren't Joking, North Korea Tested Another Nuclear Bomb
The VICE Guide to North Korea
North Korean Labor Camps
Kushner's statement raises new questions about how Donald Trump could have entrusted someone with so little foreign policy experience with such a powerful international portfolio
Jared Kushner, Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, who has been drawn into the billowing inquiry into Russian interference in the 2016 election, told congressional investigators on Monday that they hoped their appearance before them would clear their name and “put these matters to rest”.
Jared Kushner confirms Russia meetings but insists: 'I did not collude' Read more
But in their presentation to members of the Senate intelligence committee, the 36-year-old husband of Ivanka Trump might have dug themselves deeper into a hole by leaning so heavily on personal ignorance as the core of their defense. By doing so they raised a slew of new questions about how the US president could have entrusted someone with such little foreign policy ballast with a powerful international portfolio.
In an 11-page statement released before their closed-door Senate appearance, Kushner essentially argued that they could not have been involved in underhand relations with the Russian government because they were so poorly versed in Russian affairs. Over the 3,700 words of the statement, they mention that they could not remember the name of the Russian ambassador to Washington not once, but three times.
“I could not even remember the name of the Russian ambassador,” they write. They added that they had “limited knowledge about” Sergey Kislyak, who stepped down as ambassador on Saturday, even after Trump had won the presidential election on 8 November 2016 and was headed for the White House.
In the wake of that election victory, Kushner was instructed by their father-in-law to be the main contact point between the Trump transition team and foreign government officials. Kushner says in their statement that between election day and the inauguration on 20 January 2017, “I recall having over 50 contacts with people from over 15 countries”.
In the run-up to the election, they were similarly charged with acting as a point person on foreign affairs, but that was just one of a jaw-dropping list of duties that Trump heaped on to him. They also handled, as the statement makes clear, “finance, scheduling, communications, speechwriting, polling, data and digital teams”, conceding that “all of these were tasks that I had never performed on a campaign previously”.
Kushner argues that a steep learning curve was a benefit for the Trump campaign, calling it a “nimble culture” that allowed the team to “adjust to the ever-changing circumstances and make changes on the fly”. But it also led him, if their statement is to be believed, into some very perilous situations.
Not knowing the ambassador's name was a mild challenge compared with their handling of the now notorious 9 June meeting with Natalia Veselnitskaya. At that engagement, Trump's eldest son Donald Jr invited Kushner and then Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort to meet four Russians including Veselnitskaya, a lawyer with ties to the Kremlin.
Kushner insists they didn't read the email chain in which Don Jr was offered dirt on Hillary Clinton as a pretext for the meeting. When they walked into the meeting, they go on to say that they were confused by the topic of conversation that was under way – the Russian ban on Americans adopting Russian children.
“I had no idea why that topic was being raised,” they said, apparently unaware that the adoption ban is extensively used by Russian emissaries as a euphemism for US sanctions imposed on Russia. The subject of sanctions is central to modern diplomatic relations between the two countries.
Substantially more serious than Kushner's apparent lack of understanding on sanctions was the similar naivety – if their statement is taken at face value – that they showed in their dealings with Kislyak and a prominent Russian banker. When the ambassador told them that senior Russian generals wanted to talk to Kushner to discuss policy on Syria, Trump's son-in-law inquired about using an “existing communications channel” at the Russian embassy.
The suggestion was made during the transition period when Trump and all members of their inner circle were still ordinary citizens outside government. Kushner appears to have been unaware that setting up such a private line of contact with senior Russian military leaders could have violated the Logan Act that prohibits private citizens from negotiating with foreign powers.
Quick guide Who are the key Russian players in the Trump collusion accusations? Show Hide Natalia Veselnitskaya A Russian lawyer whose work has focused on ending US sanctions on Russia and who met with Trump representatives Donald Trump Jr, Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort at Trump Tower in June 2016. Read further. Sergey Kislyak Until recently, the Russian ambassador to the US. A hub for contacts with Trump representatives including Kushner, attorney general Jeff Sessions, former national security adviser Michael Flynn and the president himself. Read further. Sergey Gorkov The Kremlin-connected head of Russian state investment bank Vnesheconombank. They met with Kushner during the presidential transition, but “no specific policies were discussed”, according to Kushner. Read further. Dimitri Simes President of the Center for the National Interest, a Washington thinktank, which hosted an April 2016 foreign policy speech by Trump. Trump, Sessions and Kushner appear to have met with Kislyak at the event, although both Kushner and Sessions have said any meeting was only in passing and they don't recall what was discussed. Read further.
By Tom McCarthy
Kushner claims in their statement that their 13 December meeting with the top Russian banker Sergey Gorkov had nothing to do with their business interests, despite the fact that as a New York real estate tycoon their business activities were intricately interwoven with Russian money. “At no time was there any discussion about my companies, business transactions, real estate projects, loans, banking arrangements or private business of any kind.”
That directly contradicts Gorkov's own account of the meeting, which was convened, they said, to discuss new business opportunities, with Kushner in attendance as head of their family's real estate entity, Kushner Companies. The president's son-in-law expresses no awareness in their statement that Gorkov was trained by the Russian intelligence agency FSB or that their bank, Vnesheconombank (VEB), is widely accepted to be the finance house of the Kremlin.
“If the Kushner family has had zero financial dealings with the Russians or Russian banks, and are willing to open up their books to prove it, then maybe Jared Kushner will be able to put all this to rest,” said Richard Painter, chief White House ethics lawyer under George W Bush.
“But until that happens we have to assume there's a strong likelihood that when a prominent Russian banker goes to see a prominent member of the Trump transition team, finances will have been part of their discussion.”
Sign up for Guardian US Today to receive the day's top US stories every morning
By sacrificing its Kurdish allies in northern Syria, Washington wants to mend relations with Ankara and prevent Turkey from strengthening its ties with Moscow, thus far killing two birds with one stone, expert on Middle Eastern affairs Jean Perier believes.
Washington's Kurdish allies in Syria have become the US' bargaining chip in negotiations with Ankara, according to Jean Perier, an independent researcher and expert on Middle Eastern affairs.
"By throwing the Kurds under the bus, the White House has not only solved the problem of mending its relations with Turkey by preventing Ankara from strengthening its ties of friendship with Moscow. It has also significantly reduced the intensity of Ankara's demands to extradite the self-exiled cleric Muhammed Fethullah Gülen by making this matter a purely legal question and thus facilitating Joe Biden's mission in Turkey," Perier writes in their article for New Eastern Outlook.
© AFP 2018 / ILYAS AKENGIN 'Euphrates Shield': Turkish Operation to Reshape Balance of Power in Syria
The expert underscores that the Russo-Turkish rapprochement, accelerated by the attempted coup in Turkey, has not gone unnoticed by Washington.
Furthermore, Ankara's statement that the Syrian conflict cannot be resolved without Russia has obviously hit the Obama's administration raw nerve. To add more fuel to the fire, it was announced that Russian President Vladimir Putin may visit Ankara on August 31.
"Under these circumstances, Washington has decided to go all-in with a bid to mend its relations with Ankara by sacrificing its new-found Kurdish friends," Perier underscores.
This is apparently why Washington sent influential Vice President Joseph Biden, not Secretary of State John Kerry, to mend ties with the Erdoğan government.
As a result, Turkey launched a ground offensive against Daesh (ISIS/ISIL) on August 24 with Washington's "blessing" and assistance in northern Syria.
However, Western media sources called attention to the fact that amid its anti-Daesh campaign the Turkish armed forces targeted the Kurdish People's Protection Units' (YPG) fighters and demanded that they return from the Syrian town of Manbij to the eastern bank of the Euphrates.
Turkish President Erdoğan's motivation is understandable: they want to prevent the Kurds from creating an independent entity in northern Syria, along the Turkish border.
The YPG "has been Washington's most effective proxy in the fight against Islamic State in Syria. Its fighters-ethnic Kurds, Arabs and Yazidis-are doing the bulk of the fighting. Without them, Islamic State [Daesh] would have seized northern Syria long ago, posing an even larger risk to Turkey," the Wall Street Journal highlighted Wednesday.
However, Joe Biden has made it clear for the Kurds that they have to abide by the order to move back to the eastern bank of the Euphrates river, otherwise Washington would leave them out in the cold.
"As for Syria's Kurds who Washington previously used to achieve its goals in the Middle East, they have become a bargaining chip that the White House is willing to sacrifice. Once the Kurds have fulfilled their role, their interests can easily be neglected by the US with Washington preferring to restore its ties with Ankara instead," Perier remarks.
The question then arises how the US will continue its military operation in northern Syria without the Kurdish YPG fighters.
Commenting on the matter, expert in Middle Eastern affairs Leonid Isaev of the Higher School of Economic told Svodobnaya Pressa that following the liberation of Manbij it was expected that the US-backed Kurdish militants would move to Afrin through the Syrian town of al-Bab.
"Now that the US pressured the YPG into leaving Manbij, it is most likely that the northern Syria will be divided into "spheres of influence" with the US' brokering. It is of great importance for Americans to prevent large-scale clashes between their allies [in the region]. I believe that the United States will continue maneuvering between the Turks and the Kurds while trying to maintain relations with both," Isaev suggested.
However, citing American and European volunteers fighting alongside the YPG, Svobodnaya Pressa noted that by backing the Turkish-led advance in northern Syria Washington has "spit in the face of the Kurds."
"Although today Washington was 'bearing gifts' to Ankara at the expense of Syria's Kurds, tomorrow any other 'strategic partner' of the White House may find itself in the shoes of those forsaken Peshmerga fighters," Perier warns.
Hey, you! Yeah, you! You like space? You like the cold, unfathomable reaches, the enormous nebulae that plunge you into daily existential crises, the fact that we're basically alone (for the time being) in a universe that makes us all look like specks so impossibly small, that calling us grains of sand on the world's largest beach gives us way more import in the universe than we actually have? Well then, buddy, I have a great album for you.
Kardashev has been around for a little while now, and although they've released two EPs, Progression and Excipio, and the single “Iota”, this is their first full length release. They've used the time since Excipio, which came out just over two years ago, to explore and truly pin down their sound, and it absolutely shows on Peripety, which comes out tomorrow.
Part of growing into their own sonic body as a unit was working hard to pin down how the interchange between guitars and synths goes, and it shows here that they've drastically improved in this part: before, although the two worlds intermingled occasionally, neither really felt like they complemented the other. That's significantly changed here; taking significant strides forward in their use of ambience, Kardashev use their synths to provide an enormous sense of grandeur and scope to the album before their brutally groovy deathcore riffs bring the whole universe crashing down on you.
Also key here is the band's spacey, wide production. It was a risky choice to make this album feel so huge, especially in the percussion, and I'm sure it will turn some off on first listen, but, once one gets used to it, it fits the music well. Everything is nebulous and grand, remote and distant but somehow still in tune with the intense, burning, existential intimacy that only space can provide.
Anybody who's been wanting more metal in the vein of Fallujah's The Flesh Prevails or Aegaeon's fantastic 2011 release Dissension, look no further. You've found the perfect thing to satisfy that spacey craving with Peripety.
-SH
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
A conceptual drawing shows plans for pedestrian paths and water fountains in the Elk Grove Technology Park lighted up at night.
A conceptual drawing shows plans for pedestrian paths and water fountains in the Elk Grove Technology Park lighted up at night. Courtesy of Brennan Investment Group
A real estate group wants to build a technology park at Busse Farm in Elk Grove Village, one that's being called a potentially $1 billion development that would be a major boon for the region.
Brennan Investment Group presented plans Tuesday for the Elk Grove Technology Park on 85 acres between East Higgins Road and Oakton Street on the north side of the village. The undeveloped farmland -- in unincorporated Cook County but surrounded by the village -- has long been alluring to developers, even twice considered as a site for the Chicago Bears football stadium.
Michael Brennan, the chairperson and managing principal of the Rosemont-based investment group, said companies specializing in robotic, digital and automated manufacturing technology, as well as data storage centers, would be in the park. The park is intended to fill demand as the automated manufacturing industry experiences a "renaissance" across the country, Brennan said.
"Nobody has decided to build anything like this in scale," they said. "We'll be the first one to have a park dedicated to that."
Brennan and Mayor Craig Johnson said the investment in the full development -- with buildings, infrastructure, ponds and more -- once it's all built out could reach $1 billion.
The property, owned by the Busse family since the 1800s, could be sold later this year, and construction would start by spring 2018.
In the first phase, with a $150 million investment, the developer wants to build four speculative buildings -- buildings that would be constructed with buyers to come later -- along Higgins Road with a combined 500,000 square feet of space, and two sites for commercial development such as retail stores, restaurants or a hotel.
Plans also include wide pedestrian paths, ponds, water fountains and artwork throughout the technology park.
"This is not just about business -- it's about the community," Brennan said. "This is something the community can enjoy."
The south side of the property along Oakton Street would be developed later with up to 700,000 square feet of space as companies locate in the village.
"This is not just a shot in the arm," Mayor Craig Johnson said. "This is a rocket in the arm to get us going."
The village and investment group have been working quietly on the development for the past two years, though the mayor hinted at the prospect during their State of the Village speech in May.
Progress is already being made to annex the unincorporated property. Along with plans to close on the sale of the property with the Busse family, five homes along Stanley Street on the west end of the property, and industrial business on Lively Boulevard on the east side are under contract to be sold.
Additionally, the village plans to demolish a fire station and training facility at the corner of Oakton Street and Lively Boulevard and sell the property. As part of the village's $100 million capital improvement program, operations at the fire station and another station at 1655 Greenleaf Ave. will be combined into a new facility along the Busse Road corridor.
With the village's industrial park is already at a historically low vacancy rate of 3.3 percent, the technology park will boost the village even further, Johnson said.
"We truly believe this can be a catalyst to take us to the highest level possible," Johnson said.
With an infant son and a boyish curiosity (oh yeah, and that Independence Day sequel coming this summer), the philosopher-king actor may just be the world's youngest 63-year-old. Their secret? Don't fear the Reaper
If I have a mantra in my life, if I aspire to anything, it's to learn from nature and be part of nature—and do the best with the nature I have.“Use what exists,” my acting teacher, Sandy Meisner, used to say. That means many things, but one of the things it can mean is not fighting the aging process.
Hair Dye Will Turn You into a Corpse
My hair used to be dark, and now it's salt-and-pepper. I like the way it looks. Luckily it's still mostly there, so this is easy for me to say, but I would hope that if I lose my hair, I'll just roll with it. I've also never used Botox, never had plastic surgery. I think when nature changes your face—especially if you live a clean life—your body is designed so it all looks right together. When you try to be youthful, it only makes you look older.
This theme resonates for me in many different areas, including fear of death.
Don't Pretend You're Not an Apple, Man
Put me in front of a raging bull and I'll crap my pants like anybody, but in general I'm excited by the fleeting nature of what we are. There's something romantic and poetic and certainly educational in it. The flower goes up and it goes down. The apple gets ripe and then it withers, and that's what we're all meant to do. It can only clarify, deepen, and enhance our moments on earth—and help us understand what the hell we're doing here and how we can best live.
Try to Forgo That Which Is Buzzy
I want to eat something that has integrity. I'm constantly seeing how I feel—what seems best for my inner environment and our shared outer environment. I like fruits and vegetables and whole grains and lean protein. I've come not to enjoy the stuff I've cut out: sugary stuff, fatty stuff, fried stuff. I'm not a big drinker. I don't like the taste, and it has no appeal to me. In general I avoid things that make me buzzy. I'm plenty buzzy as is.
EDITOR'S PICK
A Baby Is the Fountain of Youth—Also a Barbell
I find that having a kid makes you feel younger. Whereas otherwise you might be sitting around at any given moment, now you're not. You gotta get up and walk them around. I try for 10,000 steps a day on my Fitbit, and sometimes I work out with my son. Their name is Charlie Ocean Goldblum, and they were almost 20 pounds at five months, healthy as a horse. I do chest presses with him. I hold them by the rib cage so he's kind of horizontal, and they go up and down and up and down. They like that. They drool on me and laughs, and that's a thrill. Then I go side to side with him, and I think I'm doing something good for my obliques.
Charlie's my first kid. I don't think I would've enjoyed them as much if I'd had them younger. I feel like I'm right on schedule. If I were giving them advice on growing old gracefully, here's what I'd tell him:
The Best Medicine Is Contemplating the Wonders of the Cosmos
Don't smoke. We know about that now. Don't hurt yourself.
You might become a tap dancer or a hiker or a wrestler or a ballet dancer or a rock climber; we don't know. Find out what you're interested in and move around—and don't stop moving.
Follow your interests in the lovely other creatures with whom you share this existence—and that's all species—and contemplate the wonders of the cosmos and how you can best use your time. That'll probably keep your head on straight.
On May 30th, SM Entertainment released a statement surrounding recent rumors in regards to f(x)'s Victoria requesting to terminate their contract with the agency.
As reported by Chinese media outlet Sohu, the agency stated, “First, the rumors surrounding Victoria's contract termination are groundless. Victoria has never requested a contract termination from the company.”
The original rumors stated that Victoria requested for contract termination because SM Entertainment denied their wish of owning a personal studio in China. To this, the agency said, “As a strategy that helps SM become more localized in China, we have decided to utilize it flexibly. Taking after EXO's Lay, we will help Victoria set up a personal studio for their activities in China.”
The agency continued, “The studio will be part of SM, and there will still be a full contract between SM and Victoria. SM will continue to fully support and facilitate Victoria's activities in China.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty41wF0wc8w
Source: Sohu
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — The first time Grizzlies power forward Zach Randolph saw Tony Parker, who was 17 at the time, they wondered if the skinny kid from France was a ball boy who had slipped into a player's game uniform.
“Then I saw them play,” Randolph said, “and I wondered if there was another player in the whole world who was faster changing ends (of the court).”
Conversely, Parker's first look at Randolph was enough to make them believe they would soon be watching in the NBA.
“I couldn't believe a guy built like Zach could have such a soft touch,” Parker said.
It was at the Nike Hoop Summit in Indianapolis in 2000 that Parker made their American debut and Randolph cemented a reputation as a big man with rare skills.
They have been friends ever since, no matter the rivalry of intense playoff matchups, past and present.
“Definitely, we became friends then,” Parker said. “Z-Bo I've known a long time, and I have always watched what he's doing since the Hoop Summit. We always have that little connection.”
But the real connection Parker made in Indianapolis that summer, when they were the best player on a team of young Europeans competing against American high school standouts? It was with Spurs coach Gregg Popovich and general manager R.C. Buford.
“I asked, 'Who is this guy?' because they scored 20-something points on all the Americans, just sliced them and diced them and nobody knew who they were and nobody cared who they are,” Popovich said. “But they were pretty impressive, so R.C. and I took a closer look.”
Others looked closely, too.
Former NBA vice president of media relations Brian McIntyre had known Parker's father, Tony Parker Sr., when both were at Loyola University in Chicago. McIntyre recalled a visit with basketball executive Dave Gavitt after one Parker showing at the Hoop Summit.
“He knew that I knew Tony's dad,” McIntyre said, “and asked if I might introduce them to Jim O'Brien, who was the coach at Ohio State then. Jim wanted to offer Tony a scholarship, but their dad told Jim they thought Tony was better off to stay in Paris and play pro ball.”
O'Brien wasn't the only college coach impressed enough to offer a scholarship. But Parker's father made it clear their son wouldn't be leaving France just yet.
“I had a lot of offers to go to college, but my dad wanted me to stay in Paris and play professional,” Parker said. “It was a hard decision, but at the end of the day I stayed in Paris, and after one more year, I came to the Spurs.
“I think it's worked out great.”
Things also have worked out nicely for Randolph, a two-time NBA All-Star.
“Tony was the best guard at Hoop Summit, and I was the best big,” they said. “It was great. Me and Tony always have been friends since that; great respect for each other. I was in high school and they were in high school, or whatever, wherever they were playing over there in France.
“We had a chance to hang out together just a little bit. It was all right, and we still remember each other from that day.”
mikemonroe@express-news.net
Twitter: @Monroe_SA
TALLAHASSEE — Former Florida State President Talbot "Sandy" D'Alemberte on Tuesday nominated state Sen. John Thrasher to be FSU's president, calling them "a joy to work with" when Thrasher was a university trustee during D'Alemberte's presidency.
D'Alemberte's endorsement of Thrasher was first reported by the Tallahassee Democrat. A fixture in legal circles, a former president of the American Bar Association and a liberal Democrat, D'Alemberte sent a letter to William Funk, a Texas headhunter hired by FSU to help find its next president.
Thrasher, 70, is a lawyer and FSU graduate who has been one of the university's biggest champions in the Legislature. The St. Augustine Republican is chairperson of Gov. Rick Scott's re-election campaign, and Scott appoints the university trustees who will choose a successor to Eric Barron, who resigned to become president of Penn State.
"In an ideal world, I would not say that John was the best candidate, but in the world we live in I would say they are the best candidate," D'Alemberte told the Democrat Tuesday.
D'Alemberte said Thrasher, as a former House speaker, ex-lobbyist and current chairperson of the Senate Rules Committee, has the ability to work the Capitol for Florida State. Thrasher is an intensely proud FSU alum and former chairperson of its board of trustees. The campus' medical school building is named after Thrasher, who secured funding for it.
THINK of an unlikely issue that unites Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel, California's Governor Jerry Brown and France's President François Hollande. All three have defended the circumcision of male infants, as practised by Jews and Muslims. The latest intervention took the form of a letter from the Elysee Palace to Joel Mergui, the president of the central consistory of French Jews. "There is no question of placing in doubt an act which is symbolic in Judaism—and in other religions—as long as circumcision is practised within the existing legal framework," Mr Hollande declared, in a missive made public a few days ago.
The presidential letter was one of many strong reactions to a vote on October 1st at the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) which seemed to draw some parallels between male circumcision and the vastly more contested practice known these days as female genital mutilation. The resolution expressed concern over a "category of violation of the physical integrity of children, which supporters...tend to present as beneficial...despite clear evidence to the contrary. This includes...female genital mutilation, the circumcision of young boys for religious reasons, early childhood interventions in the case of intersexual children....."
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
On this point, the French president was clear: "France totally rejects the assimilation [into a single category] of the excision practised on young girls and the ritual circumcision of boys. An unacceptable form of mutilation with heavy physical and psychological consequences for the women who are subjected to it cannot be compared to a ritual practice which is widespread across the world and sometimes encouraged by the medical profession..."
In another response to the PACE vote, an Israeli legislator, Meir Sheetrit, went to Strasbourg this week and told a Council of Europe committee that the health benefits of male circumcision, apparently including a reduced risk of certain cancers, greatly outweighted the risks, such as infection. The Israeli foreign ministry has already described the anti-circumcision resolution (which is non-binding) as a casting a "moral stain on the Council of Europe" and promoting "hate and racist trends in Europe".
Last year Mrs Merkel raised their voice in defence of male circumcision after a local court in Cologne ruled that the circumcision of young boys amounted to the illegal infliction of bodily harm. Amid warnings from the chancellor that Germany could become a "laughing stock" if it outlawed such a basic religious rite, the federal legislature passed a law to protect the practice, as long as parents were informed about the slight risks.
California's Governor Brown signed a law in 2011 that stopped local authorities from banning male circumcision. This was in response to a growing movement in San Francisco to force a ballot which would have criminalised the practice of the ritual on minors. The Bay Area is a stronghold of a campaign known as "intactivism" started by men who say they were traumatised, psychologically as well as physically, by being circumcised in infancy.
It's hard to think of an issue that brings together so many of the passionate concerns of our times. On one hand, we hear a lot about cultural rights—the right of communities defined by religion, language or ethnicity to practise customs and rituals which give meaning to life. The 1993 Vienna declaration on human rights speaks of the right of all peoples (note the collective) freely to "pursue their economic, social and cultural development" and it stresses that "persons belonging to minorities have the right to enjoy their own culture, to profess and practise their own religion...."
At the same time, especially in advanced democracies, the individual's right to dispose of his/her own body is held ever-more sacred: the right to make personal sexual choices, to change gender, and indeed to end one's own life.
The awkward thing is that all cultures and religions have things to tell us about what we should do with our bodies, and our children's bodies. You can't believe unconditionally in both cultural rights and individual bodily rights, and the issue of circumcision is only one extreme case of that dilemma. In practice, most of us deal with that problem by gut feeling or intuition. Our intuition tells us that the circumcision of baby boys is probably okay, at worst harmless and culturally very important to some religions, while the excision practised on baby girls in some cultures certainly is not okay.
Pivotal will make the majority of its big data suite open source, drawing inspiration from the Linux concept.
The decision will see “core” code for HAWQ, Greenplum Database and Pivotal GemFire released to anyone who cares to footle with it, but plenty of the footling looks like it will be done by a new group calling itself the Open Data Platform (ODP).
The ODP's Platinum members are Pivotal, GE, Hortonworks, IBM, Infosys, SAS and “a large international telecommunications firm”. AltiScale, Capgemini, CenturyLink, EMC, Splunk, Verizon Enterprise Solutions, Teradata, and VMware are signed up as Gold members.
Sundeep Madra, Pivotal's CTO and veep for matters mobile, said the ODP is going to try to do for Hadoop what Linux did for Unix: give it a unifying force that makes it easier for organisations to adopt.
To that end the ODP will create “a tested reference core of Apache Hadoop, Apache Ambari and related Apache source artifacts”, an effort intended to make it easier for users to know where to start with Hadoop.
Open-sourcing its products, Madra added, makes sure Pivotal is aboard the open source train before its momentum moves the market away from the company's current offerings.
Organisations are making technology adoption decisions based in part on newsgroup activity, they said, as posts can be taken as an indicator of innovation.
The thinking behind the decision to open source the tools seems to owe a lot to the 1970s maxim of “If you love something set it free. If it returns, it is yours. If it does not, it never was” as Pivotal feels that by open-sourcing the applications listed above things will return asking for consulting help and commercial products.
It's also not giving away all its code – the exact language it's using is that the products listed above will henceforth be “based on an open source core”. So it will still have plenty to sell and support. And if the community gives the products' “core” some new useful features, Pivotal will be there to clean up.
Madra said the ODP is open to new members. Which, pardon the pun given it focuses on Hadoop, is the elephant in the room, as Intel and Cloudera aren't on the organisation's roster. Cloudera's aims are rather similar to the ODP's, namely to create a cut of Hadoop most people can agree on as a foundation for future big data work.
Cloudera's got bushels of Intel cash on its side. ODP has a membership roster that probably represents a sufficient counterweight to make this market even more interesting.
And in the background of all those moves is Google's mid-2014 decision to move away from Map Reduce, Hadoop's foundational trick, in favour of a new alternative. ®
In the spring of 1914, Mary Wood entered the Royal Academy of Art's summer exhibition with their shawl and a meat cleaver. Wood, described by news reports as a woman of “distinctively peaceable appearance,” stood in front of John Singer Sargent's portrait of the writer Henry James, took out their cleaver, and hacked the work with three quick swings, shouting, “Votes for women!” This is how the Sun newspaper reported what happened next:
The visitors to the gallery turned suddenly in the direction from which the shout came but were too late to prevent the mischief. They saw a middle-aged woman hacking the picture with a cleaver. The first jab broke the glass and cut the canvas. The second blow damaged the canvas still further, and although the woman was then seized by a detective, they succeeded in delivering a third blow.
Such “mischief” was decried in press reports, even by those who supported the suffragettes' cause.
“Art under Attack: Histories of British Iconoclasm” Tate Britain, London. Through January 5, 2014.
It is not clear if Wood knew of Henry James' literary reputation, but the symbolism of the aging writer's portrait, darkly reserved and stoic in their directed gaze, was a powerful target for Wood's larger political message. In a letter to a friend, James expressed their concern, feeling “very scalped and disfigured, but,” they concluded, “I seem to be pronounced curable.” Many critics echoed such personifications of the painting. An attack on James, who had become a beloved figure of British culture, was an attack on British tradition itself. The body of the image transferred into the body of the nation.
A few months earlier, Mary Richardson took a knife to Diego Velázquez's The Rokeby Venus hanging in the National Gallery, slashing the naked back of Venus in several places. As police led them out of the museum, Richardson proclaimed: “Yes, I am a Suffragette. You can get another picture but you can't get another life.” Them words were directed to the many suffragettes held in prison for their protests, their hunger strikes met with violent force feedings. Why, such protesters asked, do we admire the idealized bodies of women in art, but imprison actual woman wanting political equality? Wood and Richardson's actions prompted tighter security at museums for female patrons. Ladies' muffs and umbrellas had to be checked at the door for the first time. Politicians and museum directors discussed excluding all women from English art galleries, but never implemented such plans.
The British suffragettes' stabs at paintings are one compelling moment in this show that explores the history of iconoclasm in British art from the reformation to contemporary artists. It is a large sweep of time in a short space, but at its core is a rethinking of iconoclasm as something more than thoughtless destruction. “Iconoclasm,” writes curators Tabitha Barber and Stacy Boldrick in the catalog introduction, “is a coming together of art, politics, and social history.” But underneath this approach is the modern echo of Marcel Duchamp's famous line: “Destruction is also creation.” It is a show that finds in a history of art's demise, a vital, creative history.
Organized in thematic areas of religion, politics, and aesthetics, the show presents you with fragments of church sculptures, shards of stain glass, hunks of former statues, defaced coins, and those paintings that the determined suffragettes approached with sharp objects, photographs of the mangled canvases hang next to the restored originals. Amidst this survey of violence I wondered what might come of looking at art's destruction?
It is the bodies in art that suffer the most in this show. Most acutely in one of the first works you encounter: the life-sized, limestone sculpture of the dead Christ. Known as the Mercers' Christ named after the Mercers' company chapel where it was discovered amidst a 1950s excavation, the sculpture's history remains a mystery. Crafted in the early 1500s, the work is carved with a precision of details, from the muscles and veins done with acute realism, to the folds of soft cloth that surround the body. Little is known of this work or who created it, and even less about how such a solid work was mangled with such force. Their right arm has been severed at the shoulder, their left hand cut at the wrist, and their face is severally mutilated. Such damage transforms the contorted body of the dead Christ into an image much more pitiable than mere crucifixion.
The 1500s were not a kind century for religious iconography in England. When King Edward VI inherited the throne at age 9 in 1557, a council of Protestant reformers ruled England and implemented the destruction of all Catholic religious icons. Later, the Catholic Mary ascended the thrown, and tried to reinstall such iconography with limited success.
It wasn't until the English Civil Wars of mid 1600s that the destruction was enacted with systematic religious zeal fueled by puritan iconoclasm. Through Parliamentary ordinances against “monuments of superstition and idolatry” a large net of prohibitions against all kinds of religious images was enacted. As one wall panel in this show tells us, “paintings, stained glass, music and religious ceremony were seen as visual and sensuous distractions from the word of God.” The puritans would, of course, find England too resistant to their reforms, and set sail for New England, establishing the start of a long history in the US about art's distracting power.
Throughout England, reformers forced a systematic destruction of all religious images, decapitating sculptures, destroying wooden altar screens. The intricacies of stain glass windows were brought down with the simple effort of using long wooden poles to smash at the glass, the delicate shards splintered when hitting the stone pavements of the cathedral floors. In one display of small wooden panels used as an altar screen, the faces of the saints are scratch out with determined force, leaving headless bodies sitting or standing in an odd kind of surrealist drama. Once damaged, the images lost their mystical power, and were either thrown into pyres or, more commonly, reused as cabinet doors or made into tables.
While religious zeal prompted such attacks on saints and gods, it was the bodies of kings and leaders that were pulled from pedestals in later decades. Consider Joseph Wilton's regal statue of King George III commissioned by the Colony of New York in 1766. Poised on horseback and draped in Roman robes, they looked more Marcus Aurelius than the rounded form of the King. The statue stood with proud splendor in Bowling Green in lower Manhattan until July of 1776 when, in the days after the Declaration of Independence was signed, a frenzy of solider and citizens pulled down the statue, shattering it into pieces. George's head was sent back to England, never to be seen again. Other parts of the horse's body were melted down and made into bullets to be used against the British soldiers during the revolution. All you encounter of the work today is a small bit of the horse's hind thigh, an abstract fragment, twisted and scratch, that holds it own symbolic meaning.
Such attacks on statues conjure more recent ones. Protestors in Kiev just toppled Lenin's statue, shattering it with axes in a frenzy of anti-government, and anti-Russian protests. British and American soldiers pulled down a statue of Saddam Hussein in 2003. Its dark, solid form fell in a slow-motion fall, the whole body intact as it lay on the ground, as if it were just going to sleep. Celebratory locals slapped at it, hitting it with shoes, as if it were the body of Hussein himself.
But what does it say that a show about iconoclasm, filled with the fragments and actions of believers and revolutionaries, draws us ultimately to artists themselves? In 1957 a group of students stormed the Dada exhibition at a gallery in Paris, removing the artist Man Ray's work, “Objects To Be Destroyed” (1923) a ready-made art work of a metronome, the swinging arm of which the artist attached a paper drawing of a human eye, its every watchful stare bouncing with rhythmic precision. The students, espousing nihilist tendencies, took the work to a nearby street, placed it on the sidewalk and shot a single bullet through it, proving to the artist and others that indeed the object can be destroyed. Ray was not impressed. In response they had 100 replicas made, naming them Indestructible Objects, resisting iconoclasm's finality
As the students shot at Man Ray's metronome, Gustav Metzger was formulating their manifesto for Auto-Destructive Art, with its emphasis on art's ephemeral qualities within an age of mutually assured nuclear destruction. Through the 1950s and 1960s, Metzger art was a politically engaged practice that merged the iconoclastic act with the artistic one. As Metzer's manifesto from 1961 declared, auto-destruction of art “is an attack on capitalist values and the drive to nuclear annihilation.”
In 1966 Metzger organized the Destruction in Art Symposium (DIAS) in London (two years later in New York) that brought together a range of conceptual and performance artists. One work that I found captivating in this show was “Melted Slide” from Metzger “Projections” (1966) series. It was the last work of the symposium in which Metzger projected slides of DIAS participants, leaving each image sitting in the machine until the heat slowly burned through the slide. Art and artist disappear in a thermal flash.
The aesthetics of this “Melted Slide” is echoed in the more contemporary work of Douglas Gordon. “Self Portrait of You + Me (9 piece QEII) (2008) presents a series of mirrored panels partially covered by official portraits of Queen Elizabeth, each image deteriorating across the work as if being burnt away with a blow torch. As the cultural image of the state fades away, what remains are the shiny image of us.
This self-reference is what comes up in much of the contemporary works that end this show. The political and religious ardor of earlier ages, including Metzger's radical mid-20th century performances and events, have turned towards our own destruction. In Jake and Dinos Chapman's “One Day You Will No Longer Be Loved” (2008), the artists repaint anonymous 19th century portraits, turning the realism of the images into ghoulishly decaying faces, reminding us of our march toward aging destruction.
And maybe this is what makes iconoclasm so intriguing: It ignites a recognition of an image's magical power in a time when art seems so removed from our lives in high-priced art auctions and preserved in museum exhibitions. Quoting the art historian Tom Cummins, W.J.T. Mitchell relates in What Do Pictures Want?: “When students scoff at the idea of a magical relationship between a picture and what it represents, ask them to take a photograph of their mother and cut out the eyes.” Amidst the surfeit of images today, the history of iconoclasm reminds us how powerful images can be in shaping and reshaping our relationship to the world. And, more importantly, how ephemeral every image can be. “The work of iconoclasm is never finished,” the show's curators argue, adding in a haunting note: “iconoclasm never ends.” • 20 December, 2013
Folks in Bethesda's Westmoreland Hills neighborhood woke up to an unusual sight yesterday morning—craft services trucks and camera crews rolling down the street towards the typically quiet Westmoreland Park. The reason? Julia Louis-Dreyfus and the cast of Veep were filming the show's fifth season (the first four were shot in Baltimore, and most of the production now happens in LA). We can only imagine what characters Selina Meyer, Jonah Ryan, and Richard T. Splett were up to in the woods that back up to the Capital Crescent Trail—maybe Meyer has developed a murderous Frank Underwood streak?—but in the meantime, here are some shots from the day.
We work in the woods & we are serious about it. @thesamrichardson @timothycsimons #veep A photo posted by Julia Louis-Dreyfus (@officialjld) on Feb 28, 2016 at 7:22am PST
DC VEEP first shot up. #veep #veep5 A photo posted by Timothy Simons (@timothycsimons) on Feb 28, 2016 at 5:26am PST
Later, the cast and crew moved onto Spring Valley, the Northwest DC neighborhood where Louis-Dreyfus grew up:
We are on location in DC shooting #Veep and lo and behold we found ourselves in my old neighborhood. This is where I used to wait for the school bus and this is my Mom. #worlds colliding @veephbo @timothycsimons @thesamrichardson A photo posted by Julia Louis-Dreyfus (@officialjld) on Feb 29, 2016 at 6:04am PST
And this is the house I grew up in. #Veep #worldscolliding @thesamrichardson A photo posted by Julia Louis-Dreyfus (@officialjld) on Feb 29, 2016 at 6:07am PST
Join the conversation!
John Cunningham (38), who had been living illegally in the US since 1999, was arrested by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials at their home in Boston and is awaiting deportation.
The Donegal man facing deportation from Boston was targeted for arrest by immigration officers because of the length of the overstay on their visa and an outstanding felony warrant, the US authorities have said.
John Cunningham (38), who had been living illegally in the US since 1999, was arrested by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials at their home in Boston and is awaiting deportation.
ICE said that the Glencolmcille native was arrested for “immigration violations” for overstaying by 15 years the 90-day limit under the terms of the visa waiver programme.
Mr Cunningham, an electrical contractor living in the Brighton area of Boston, was the subject of a complaint to police by Christopher Waltham over the alleged theft of $1,300 (€1,448) in May 2014.
Mr Waltham, who lived in the Boston neighbourhood of Roslindale, alleged to police that they gave Mr Cunningham, of Atkins Street, Brighton, a cheque for that amount to carry out electrical work at their home.
According to a copy of the police report filed in the Boston courts, Mr Waltham claimed that they were unable to contact the Donegal man after paying them and that the work was never carried out.
The clerk's office in the West Roxbury division of Boston Municipal Court said that Mr Cunningham failed to appear at a court hearing in August 2014 and, as a result, a warrant was issued for their arrest.
ICE spokesperson Shawn Neudauer said that the warrant against Mr Cunningham made their case a more significant matter for US immigration officers in targeting the Irish man.
“He had an outstanding felony warrant and they were a significant over-stay by a margin of 15 years; that is more significant for us,” said Mr Neudauer.
“His status has been known for some time and they [ICE OFFICIALS]are going through a list.”
Mr Cunningham's Boston-based attorney Chris Lavery said their client did not want to comment on their case.  They are being held in a Suffolk County jail in Boston pending their deportation back to Ireland.
Court records show that the Donegal native was also sued in a small claims court in Boston this year by another customer who claimed they had paid them money and that they did not complete the work as promised.
Aza Chirkova obtained a judgment for $1,500 against Mr Cunningham who traded as JC Electrical Services, on April 18th 2017 after they paid them a deposit to carry out electrical work in November 2016.
They alleged that the work was never carried out and they never repaid their deposit. They issued legal proceedings against them in March.
Court records show that Mr Cunningham was still in default on the payment of the judgment amount by June 13th, just three days before their arrest.
Mr Lavery said that they would put queries from The Irish Times about the two customers complaints to Mr Cunningham when they visit them next at the South Bay House of Correction on Friday.
The Department of Foreign Affairs has said that since Donald Trump became US president on January 20th it had provided consular assistance to seven individuals arrested over immigration issues in the US.
The department has said that there has been no increase in the number of illegal Irish being arrested under the Trump administration compared with the same period under president Barack Obama.
The Irish consulate in Boston is providing assistance to Mr Cunningham, who was chairperson of the local GAA club in Boston and a prominent member of the Irish-American community in the city.
…is a sure and certain mark of the presence of evil and the influence of hell. People who seek a child-free America are doing the work of Satan. I regard the child free movement as an archetype of evil. And most of them don't even have the excuse of being do-gooders who think they are somehow advancing the human condition in some addled way. They are simply narcissists who value their comfort and their appetites over the claims that children make on them and who have decided to try to pretend that this is noble by posing as some sort of grand social reformer in order to shout down their conscience when it tells them how selfish they are. Sometimes they spout crap about overpopulation, but that's rubbish. We are looking at an impending demographic falloff. They just don't want kids around and crinkle their noses in disgust at others who have them.
No. Nobody says everybody must have children and people are free to make their own decisions about such matters without anybody demanding they give an account of their choices. But when you go from making private decisions to remain child “free” (and note the loadedness of that word) to turning your selfish hostility to children into some sort of movement and positive good, you become an enemy of the human race.
In related new, Chinese commie one child bureaucrats live out in slightly more graphic manner what they always do by crushing a baby with their car.
Opinion writer
Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) not only told the truth about President Trump's unfitness for office, but also confessed that many Republicans agree. That unfortunately reveals them to be irresponsible cowards if they continue to hold their tongues, knowing the president cannot manage the duties of their office. Corker's truth-telling has some profound implications in the short-term and long-term.
First, albeit in an emergency situation, we have invested extraordinary power in two ex-generals (Jim Mattis at Defense and John F. Kelly as chief of staff) and one current general, H.R. McMaster as national security adviser. It's a serious departure from absolute civilian control of the military. In Corker's words, the Constitution does not envision the military babysitting the president.
David Frum remarks, “Thank you and congratulations to those officials struggling to protect American security, the Western alliance, and world peace against Donald Trump. But the constitutional order is becoming the casualty of these struggles.” They acknowledge the debt owed to Mattis and others but observes that many Americans “would prefer a Mattis presidency to a Trump presidency. But to stealthily endow Secretary Mattis with the powers of the presidency as a work-around of Trump's abuse of them? That's a crisis, too, and one sinister for the future.” Once Trump is in the rear-view mirror, it behooves Congress to extend and secure the prohibition on active military operating in civilian roles (as McMaster does) and to consider more stringent restrictions on ex-military in Cabinet roles. (Yes, Congress waived the existing one but a series of disincentives such as loss of pension can add to the barriers the next military person might face if tempted to seek civilian office.)
Second, understand that not only Democrats but also a significant subset of Republicans are banking on Mattis and others to act in extra-constitutional ways so the president does not irreparably harm the country. If that is what they are banking on — Trump's power being thwarted, ignored, delayed, etc. — then they must consider foreshortening their term. We have argued that Congress does not and should not need the go-ahead from the special prosecutor to commence discussion of impeachment; impeachment is the province of the Congress.
If the president in the eyes of Congress has attempted to thwart the Russia investigation, lied repeatedly about their ties to Russia, threatened the attorney general for complying with their obligation to recuse himself, enriched themselves by virtue of government service, etc., it can and should proceed. The potential that the president may be a menace, a threat to national security, should add a sense of urgency to that undertaking.
These things must be looked at in their totality — Trump's inability to carry out their oath, their refusal to take seriously and protect the country against Russia interference with our elections, and their concrete actions to thwart law enforcement. Trump's temperamental inability to perform their job should not be ignored in determining whether they have committed high crimes and misdemeanors. (Politico reports that “interviews with ten current and former administration officials, advisers, longtime business associates and others close to Trump describe a process where they try to install guardrails for a president who goes on gut feeling – and many days are spent managing the president, just as Corker said.” So if tomorrow, Mattis, Kelly and McMasters were fired or quit would GOP members of Congress think the country would be at risk?)
Remember, overt refusal to perform the job would surely be impeachable. It's not unreasonable to conclude that willful refusal to learn aspects of the job and mental inability to grasp how enormously their words impact events could be part of the totality of factors Congress considers for impeachment. As a backstop, yes, should Trump's mental state and self-control breakdown entirely, the 25th Amendment remains an option.
Third, impeachment is very, very unlikely to occur with a GOP House, but the 2018 midterms should put the issue front and center. It may be the closest thing to a mandate we can have for limiting Trump's power or ending it entirely. Democrats should not shy from the issue; Republicans should be pressed to say whether they agree with Corker that Trump cannot perform the job absent extraordinary assistance. Voters and Republican candidates alike must consider if their refusal to prevent the president from endangering the country is a violation of these Republicans' oath of office. Do they not have the responsibility to safeguard our democracy, not merely hope Kelly stays around to coax Trump away from danger? The power of impeachment cannot be interpreted so narrowly as to prevent Congress from guaranteeing the country's survival.
Fourth, Trump's limited abilities must in a practical sense affect our policy choices. Yes, we go to war and not to war with the president we have but as a practical matter, a policy that rests on delicate, disciplined negotiation by the president themselves is not workable in this situation. It's a factor — just like public support, allies' support and military readiness — that must be factored into decisions such as scrapping the JCPOA. Congress by all means should attempt to formalize the process for launch of nuclear weapons so as to empower other officials to at least be part of the decision-making process.
Fifth, it is essential that if Corker and other Republicans honestly believe Trump is unfit that they prepare to primary him. That's their moral obligation, as it would be the obligation of citizens of all political beliefs to vote in the GOP primary in order to dislodge Trump.
Sixth, when Secretary of State Rex Tillerson leaves office, as they inevitably must in the next few weeks or months, it will be incumbent upon them to advise Congress and the American people as to Trump's mental and intellectual status. (This is one reason for Tillerson to leave quickly and of their own volition.) Congress should in fact interview, behind closed doors and by subpoena if necessary, all high-level national security officials who can speak to the president's fitness. It's only when public figures speak frankly and openly about the president's stability that we can figure out how and when to right the ship of state.
Infrastructure photo from Shutterstock
Every four years the American Society of Civil Engineers releases a report on the state of the nation's infrastructure – and every year the United States receives an abysmal rating. But for the first time in 15 years, the United States actually saw an improvement in the latest report. Before you get too excited, the rating was raised from really bad to a little less really bad. For 2013, the country received a D+ on its report card, which is up from the D that it received in 2009. If the United States were a high school student, it would be on the crumbling road to summer school.
The ASCE uses the familiar letter grading system (from A down to F) to issue a report card for the nation's infrastructure. In 1988, the year that the report was first issued, the nation received an overall score of C-minus.
In reviewing infrastructure, the ASCE looks at dams, waste, transportation, and public facilities and while the US may have improved overall, it still has a long way to go, particularly in areas like levees and inland waterway structures, which received a D-minus rating. The country's best rating was in solid waste, which received a B-minus. Dams, roads, drinking water and aviation all received a D.
According to the report, the US needs to invest $3.6 trillion by 2020 in order to maintain a good state of repair. Many departments, like dams, receive one-third of the funding necessary to keep things running in good shape. Levees receive one-tenth of what they need. Without serious investment, a D-plus may just be the highest grade the United States can aspire to.
+ Infrastructure Report Card
Via New York Times
images from USACE
Rachel Schmidt was living the so-called American dream in the suburbs — a single-family home with a yard and lots of space for their growing family — but it wasn't them dream.
“It was 2011,” says Schmidt. “We owned a house in Woodbury that my husband had purchased before we met. And so when we got married, I moved into that house.”
It was a move made with conditions.
“I had said from the beginning, ‘I don't fit in in the suburbs,' ” Schmidt says.
Related Articles February 24, 2019 Sky Watch: Early morning is the best time to see the planet parade
February 23, 2019 Blundering Gardener: ‘There is much beauty in things we don't think of as beautiful'
February 22, 2019 Why wood floors are suddenly the design of the moment
February 22, 2019 10 ways to refresh your kitchen if you can't do a full reno
February 21, 2019 Donna Erickson: Seize the day with fun indoor play It just didn't feel like home, not even once they started having kids — at that time, the couple had two children, ages 1 and 5.
“It was the kind of house where you might pull into the wrong driveway by mistake, thinking it's your house,” says Schmidt.
The couple agreed:
“We wanted to raise our kids in the city,” Schmidt says.
In 2011, however, the housing market was still in recovery and it was not an ideal time to sell. Still …
“We love going to open houses and we love old houses,” Schmidt says. “We like to go through them just for fun.”
This is how the couple found themselves walking through an old house for sale in St. Paul.
“We weren't really thinking about buying,” says Schmidt. “But we walked into this house and we totally fell in love.”
Schmidt laughs.
“It's kind of funny,” they say, “because it was covered in old carpet and old wallpaper and smelled like mothballs. But both of us just had a great feeling when we walked in the door. We talked about it and thought about it and eventually decided we couldn't miss out.”
A HOUSE IN THE CITY
The setting of the house in the city was appealing to Schmidt's husband, Tim, who is a native of South Dakota and thus at home in wide-open spaces.
“That was the one thing about Woodbury that made my husband nervous about leaving,” Schmidt says. “Our house backed up to a little creek and it was pretty private. They love being outside — mowing the lawn, digging in the dirt, that's their thing. City houses on city lots — they're usually so small.”
Not this property.
“It's on more than half an acre — it's more space than we know what to do with — and, while it's on Cleveland in South Highland, it's right across from the river boulevard and it faces the river.”
The house was roomy inside as well.
“We liked the space the house in Woodbury provided,” they say. “Obviously, older homes tend to be closed off, with smaller rooms that are sometimes challenging to fit modern-day furniture in. But when we walked into this house, we noticed that the rooms are big, the bedrooms are all big, there's decent closet space and the kitchen is huge. Later on, we found out the reason: It was church housing.
“The house,” they say, “was built in the 1930s for a pastor who preached across the river in Minneapolis. Their name was Henry Prince and their wife was Loretta Prince. So the house was built big enough to hold church functions there. It was made to hold a few more people and that suits our family really well.”
The two-story colonial, which is believed to have been built in 1939, is more than 2,400 square feet, with four bedrooms, two bathrooms and a fireplace. It also came with some interesting accessories.
“There's a room over the top of the tuck-under garage that has library bookshelves and, from what we have been told, was made to be the pastor's study,” Schmidt says. “It was a good place for them to practice their sermons, with nobody above or below him. And it stayed a study for a long time. One of the really interesting and cool things about the house is that as each owner bought the house, books were left behind by the previous owners. So when we bought the house, we wrote the books into the purchase agreement, asking to ‘Please leave as many books as you want.' ”
Fortunately, many books were left behind.
“You can trace people's interests over time — gardening and Colonial America; a set of DIY home improvement books from the '40s; a bunch of barbershop quartet music; a ton of history …
“The couple we ended up buying the house from — Harlan and Ria — they were a Harvard grad who flew in the Air Force during World War II and met their wife in Germany during the reconstruction, when they were put in charge of a town; they were a German war bride and they later are named an honorary citizen (of Aschersleben, Germany). So there are a lot of books about Germany. They were also a history and travel buff, so we have their itineraries that they left in books — old Sodor travel books, old maps.”
LET THE RENO BEGIN
“We pretty much moved in right away,” says Schmidt. “The only thing we did at first was tear up the carpeting.”
After that, they paused.
“We started planning,” they say. “We had pictures and picture boards and Pinterest boards. … We wanted to put together a whole vision of where we wanted the house to go. We didn't want it to look piecemeal.”
Finally, they decided “we wanted to do the kitchen first because it was such a hub,” they say.
The best-laid plans, though …
“One day, the toilet started leaking through the kitchen ceiling,” says Schmidt. “We said, ‘OK, guess we're doing the upstairs bathroom first.' So that became our first adventure. We started that the following summer. It was gutted to the studs.”
They didn't remove any original history.
“The bathroom the way it was, it was renovated probably in the '70s,” they say. “There was nothing original for us to save. We don't know what it looked like originally, so we remodeled it based on the age of the house and the materials that would have been common for them to use at the time. So there are subway tiles on the walls and hexagon tiles on the floor. We had a vanity custom made by a woodworker in the Twin Cities, modeled after an ice box.”
The renovation was both unique and thrifty.
“The cast iron, clawfoot slipper tub we got off Craigslist,” Schmidt says. “It had been refinished, but the owner never used it, they had just stored boxes in it. So my husband and some friends of ours hauled it out of their house and carried it up the stairs of ours. That made for quite a sight. All we had to do was dust it off, it was in perfect condition.”
It pairs nicely with the “rescue chandelier.”
“We have a number of chandeliers in the house — all rescue chandeliers,” they say. “They came out of a big house in Duluth they were tearing down. I grew up in Duluth and I was up there visiting my family for the weekend and saw these chandeliers in an antique store.”
DIY
That bathroom remodel was a turning point.
“We did a lot of research and we had actually hired a contractor,” says Schmidt. “We had decided it was bigger than what we wanted to take on on our own. We wanted to have someone else help us.”
It didn't work out that way, though.
They gutted the bathroom before going on vacation, with the agreement that the work would be done while they were away.
“We got back and it had not been touched, nothing had been done,” Schmidt says. “We decided that, all right, if this is going to get done, we're going to have to do it ourselves, we are going to have to be our own contractor.”
It wasn't easy.
“We had a half bath on the main floor,” they say. “But no bathroom with a tub or a shower — not good when you have two little kids. It was a nightmare. So I took the kids and I went traveling — I went to South Dakota to visit my mother-in-law. Tim and I would talk and make decisions. Eventually, after we got back home, I'd bathe the kids at my sister's and we'd shower at a neighbor's house, our wonderful neighbor.”
It was a learning experience.
“Although we hired people,” says Schmidt, “we worked alongside them so we could learn during the process.”
The kids helped, too.
“The kids rigged up a pully system in the back yard, they put the cut tile pieces in a basket that they pullied up to the bathroom through a window,” Schmidt says.
TRANSFORMATION
Since 2011, the home on Cleveland Avenue has slowly been transformed as the Schmidt family grew and expanded — their kids are now 11, 6 and 2.
Related Articles February 26, 2019 Ordway 2019-20 season has ‘Color Purple,' ‘Groundhog Day,' ‘Once on This Island'
February 26, 2019 Bauhaus' Helles beer is a little slice of heaven
February 26, 2019 Twin Cities bakeries gear up for a New Orleans-style Fat Tuesday with King Cake
February 26, 2019 Minnesota United will have company. Here's what's up with 5 tenants moving in near Allianz Field.
February 25, 2019 Got an old class ring from a Washington County school? The Historical Society is collecting them. “We tore up the carpet, tore down the wallpaper and worked on it room by room as we were able to with three kids running around,” says Schmidt.
The work has been both big and small, both inside and outside.
“We built the deck by hand, just the two of us, last summer,” Schmidt says. The back yard, where the couple holds a popular annual summer concert for family, friends and clients, also includes a pergola, a firepit patio with seating and a rock garden with a bubbling fountain.
It's not just the house, either.
“We designed a three-car garage that looks more like a carriage house or a barn than a garage — I think the paint we used is even called ‘barn red,'” they say.
And inside? “We dressed it up a little bit,” says Schmidt. “It was a great house, but as church housing, it was functional and utilitarian: We added some trim work — we added some baseboards and crown molding.”
They gutted the kitchen, adding features like soapstone countertops to complement the original character.
“We kept the original cabinetry, which is beautiful, we just added onto it and painted it,” says Schmidt.
The original flooring, too, was a keeper.
“We found a Douglas fir floor under four layers of other flooring,” they say. “After applying gallons of adhesive remover and scraping, we got it cleaned off enough, then sanded it and applied a poly finish to it.”
The work continues.
“The next project is turning our former tuck-under garage into a home office,” they say. “And I drew up designs to turn the sunroom into a mudroom.”
A NEW PHASE
Back in 2011, Schmidt was an elementary school music teacher. Now they are a real-estate agent with the Odd Couple Team at Keller Williams Integrity Realty in St. Paul. While Tim continues their work running a small-business loan department at a bank, the couple recently started their own small business, Homegrown Renovation & Design Co., one that specializes in budget-conscious renovations that pay homage to the history of each home.
They still love their own old house best, though.
“Now that I'm in real estate, I've been to thousands of houses,” Schmidt says. “But I've never walked into one and wished it were mine. I might wish mine was as clean, but even then I know it's not real life, it's staging.”
They think they know why she's still enchanted with the house on Cleveland Avenue.
“If you can be in love with a house,” Schmidt says, “we are with this one.”
Reported by Dr. Amish Patel:
The annual America's Health Rankings list is out, pitting U.S. states against each other in a no-holds-barred contest of health. So, how did your state fare?
For the fourth year in a row, Vermont takes the top spot as the healthiest state. Applauding the state's high rate of high school graduation and low rate of uninsured population, the report also finds that Vermont is not without its problems. Vermonters have a relatively high rate of cancer deaths and participate in binge drinking more than most states (Wisconsiners binge drink the most, Tennesseans the least). Vermont is in good company in the northeast with seven states from the region making it into the top 10.
Second place goes to Hawaii, a regular contender for first place. Since the ranking started in 1990, Hawaii has consistently ranked in the top six states. Hawaiians enjoy low rates of obesity and smoking, but have high rates of binge drinking and low birth weight babies.
Louisiana and Mississippi are tied for the least healthy state and have consistently been at the bottom of the list for the past 23 years. Both states have low rates of binge drinking, but suffer from high rates of occupational fatalities and children in poverty. These two states are in the bottom five in about half of the 24 components that make up the overall ranking, including high rates of chronic conditions like sedentary lifestyle, obesity and diabetes.
These chronic conditions are also putting the entire nation's health most at risk. Obesity alone is the leading cause of preventable death and costs our nation about $200 billion each year. More than 66 million adults are obese - that's more than one in four Americans. Colorado is the least obese and least sedentary state, in contrast to Mississippi which is the most obese and most sedentary.
"It is important to note that we are living longer, but not necessarily better," says Jane Pennington, spokesperson from the United Health Foundation, the group responsible for the report. "Despite improvements, we still have unhealthy behavior that threatens our health status. It continues to be disappointing that we are seeing a rise in chronic illness. It doesn't have to be that way. That is the alarm that we want to sound."
Although smoking in the U.S. has been decreasing recently, more than 45 million Americans still smoke, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Utah has the lowest percent of its population smoking and Kentucky has the highest.
"People should care about this report," says Dr. Anthony Shih, executive vice president for Programs at the Commonwealth Fund. "It is clear that where you live matters in terms of overall health and it should motivate action to improve."
States should be looking at their healthier neighbors for ways to improve.
"The relatively high performance of [fourth-ranked] Massachusetts - where a law similar to the Affordable Care Act was enacted in 2006 - may hopefully motivate other states to participate in Medicaid expansion and more aggressively implement the ACA within their own state. Successful implementation will likely raise the performance of most states," according to Shih.
By having programs and policies that support better health, states can expect better rankings. If a state increases the tax on cigarettes or bans smoking in public places, for example, the number of smokers in that state should decrease, cutting deaths from cardiovascular disease and cancer deaths.
The statistics show that states can improve their ranking. Vermont was ranked 20 th in 1990, but steadily made improvements over the years to get where it is now.
People have continued to come out on the streets despite threats Iranian police say they have arrested a number of opposition supporters planning demonstrations during the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution. Police chief Esmail Ahmadi Moghaddam did not give any details of the arrests, the Fars news agency said. Opposition leaders have called on supporters to gather on Thursday, raising the possibility of violence in cities across the country. The authorities have said they will crush any anti-government protests. There have been a number of outbreaks of violence since disputed elections in June 2009, scores of people have been killed and scores more imprisoned, government opponents say. Until last year, public protests against Iran's leadership were virtually unheard of. Threats But after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was re-elected last June, opposition leaders have been calling supporters out onto the streets. The Iranian leadership has countered with threats, saying a display of unity from Iranians will deliver a "punch in the face" to opposition reformists and the West, which they accuse of fostering dissent. RECENT UNREST IN IRAN 19 Dec: Influential dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hoseyn Ali Montazeri dies aged 87 21 Dec: Tens of thousands attend their funeral in Qom; reports of clashes between opposition supporters and security forces 22 Dec: Further confrontations reported in Qom 23 Dec: More clashes reported in city of Isfahan as memorial is held 24 Dec: Iran reportedly bans further memorial services for Montazeri except in their birthplace and Qom 26 Dec: Clashes reported in central and northern Tehran 27 Dec: At least eight dead following anti-government protests in Tehran; 300 reported arrested Mehdi Karoubi, one of the defeated contenders for the presidency, has said they will attend a rally in Tehran, and that their supporters should "follow up on their legal demands silently, but strongly as before". They said people should not provoke government forces by chanting radical slogans. The pro-government Basij Islamic militia has been charged by the authorities with keeping order during Thursday's anniversary of the 1979 revolution that toppled Iran's royal family. The militia, who have been accused of shocking violence during past demonstrations, are "ready for any possible incident", Mr Moghaddam was quoted by the Reuters news Agency as saying. "They will let no-one create insecurity," they said. In December, eight people were killed in clashes at demonstrations during Ashura, one of the holiest days in the Shia Muslim calendar. At least 30 protesters have been killed in clashes since the 2009 election, although the opposition says more than 70 have died. More than 80 people have been jailed for up to 15 years, including former government spokesperson Abdullah Ramezanzadeh, former vice-president Mohammad Ali Abtahi, former deputy economy minister Mohsen Safaie Farahani and former industry minister Behzad Nabavi. Some 200 activists remain in detention.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Submitting links to web directories can be a great way to increase highly relevant traffic to your site. Inbound links are one of the most important factors in how search engines ranks websites, and so this can be a major plus. Also, submitting links to specific directories and categories will create more relevant traffic for your site. This is the best kind of traffic you can receive, because it will drive conversions and help you rank better for keywords related to the subject your site addresses.
However, choosing the right directories to submit to is very important to your search engine optimization strategies. What follows are tips for choosing and using directories that will be the most effective so you don't waste your efforts.
1. Choosing Directories with Page Ranks
Check the page rank of the directory you're considering using. You can do this easily through Google. Generally, you want to choose a directory whose main page has a rank of at least 5. Be sure to also check the rank of interior pages, if they have them. The categories or internal pages you're considering linking your site under should have ranks of at least 2, because these will have the most viewers, and therefore drive the most traffic to your site.
2. Does the Directory Use Dynamic Pages that Search Engines have a Hard Time Indexing?
You can check this quite easily through Google or Yahoo by entering the search term “site:www.domainname.com”. If the results show lots of pages with unique titles and description tags, then you can assume that the directory in question is search engine friendly, and therefore worth using.
3. Will the directory provide you direct links to your site, or will it instead use a tracking code?
Less helpful directories will not provide your link with a value or page rank. You can easily check this by locating an existing site in the directory and holding your mouse over it until you can see the URL appear in the bottom left side of your browser. If you see that this is a direct link to a domain, this generally means the directory will be effective. If this appears as a tracking URL, then this will not provide you with the direct links you want, and the directory is not worth using.
However, some sites will appear as direct links but not actually be direct links, and instead are hidden by a JavaScript to conceal the fact that these links receive no Page Rank and therefore no attention from search engines.
Use this tool to check the source code. If you see the term “NOFOLLOW” in the source code, then no page rank will be assigned to your link, and the directory is not worth using.
4. Does the directory pass on link credit to sites that it lists?
This is very important. You can test this by choosing a few sites listed in the directory and checking their backlinks by entering the search term “link:www.domainname.com” into Google, Yahoo or any other search engine.
Scan the results to see if there are any links listed from the directory you are investigating. If you find them, the directory is effective and worth using.
However, if you do not find them, don't cast the directory off just yet. Sometimes sites with lower page ranks do not appear in these link results, especially when using Google. Try to check sites with higher page ranks. If you find one or a few that have backlinks listed by Google, then the directory can be said to have value.
Strangely, Yahoo and MSN often display more backlinks than Google. This may indicate that using links in directories is more effective for boosting ranking in these search engines. So use discretion, but generally assume that a backlink that appears in Google indicates a very good directory.
5. Are there too many sites already listed in your relevant category on the directory?
Generally, you want to choose directories that have less than 25 sites listed to improve focus on your own. Some directories may warrant adding your link to categories with more, but never list on categories that have more than 50 sites. Too many links means diluted value for each one, so the less, the better.
6. Choosing between free directories and directories with fees.
The advantage of directories that carry fees is that they often guarantee to review and consider your link within a short amount of time. This does not however guarantee inclusion in the directory. Be sure to read the fine print concerning submission standards, and to ensure that your site and link comply with all of them, because you don't want to waste money applying to sites that are going to reject your link. However, directories with fees are well-respected and popular, and so they definitely provide somewhat of an advantage over less quality free directories.
For free directories, be careful to choose ones that are updated often with new links. Sometimes, the sheer volume of link applications they receive means that yours won't be reviewed for quite some time, if at all. However, if you can find good ones, never pass up on the opportunity to gain valuable backlinks for free.
7. General directories vs. industry specific directories.
When it comes down to it, both types of directories can be useful in boosting your traffic. Industry specific directories have obvious additional value however, since they will bring you targeted, relevant traffic, which essentially means higher quality traffic. The people you want to view your site are the people interested in what your site offers.
A Selection of Quality Directories with Proven Results
Below are listed some directories that we have found to be effective. These can be excellent places to start.
Open Directory (Free) – One of the most popular directories out there, Open Directory is owned by AOL, and Google uses it to power their directory feature. However, due to their popularity they receive lots of submissions, and therefore can be very slow in reviewing and adding your link. Pay careful attention to the submission requirements, as they are very strict.
About.Com (Free) – Another very popular site, About hires writers and editors to create and monitor specific categories of content and articles. Each page has a list of suggested links on the subjects they address. If you feel your site can be very useful to readers of these articles and pages, write their editors and request to be listed.
Wikipedia (Free) – Wikipedia offers user-generated content on an endless variety of subjects. While not truly a directory site, each subject page lists relevant links, which you can add yourself. This is best for sites that really focus on a niche market or subject, as those pages will have fewer people submitting links to their sites. More popular subjects can have listings of links that change every hour, while less popular, more niche subjects may have links that remain for many months.
Yahoo Directory (Annual Fee) – Yahoo directories have very high page ranks, and being listed in them can be very effective for boosting search engine traffic, especially because they do very well in Google. The fee for a year is $299.00, but if the category you're targeting has a high page rank, it's definitely worth it.
Business.com (Annual Fee) – This directory is a B2B only site, meaning you will only be able to list here if your site provides products or services for other businesses. It can be effective, but with a fee of $199.00 annually, there may be better options. You only want to list here if your site or service is in a very competitive field, and the category you want to post in has a Page Rank of at least 3.
Gimpsy (One-time Fee) – Gimpsy is a good directory with an index page rank of 6, and higher page ranks for it's internal, specific categories. For $40, you can submit to Gimpsy, with the added bonus of having your link listed in the top, most visible part of your category for 90 days, assuming you are accepted. Moreover, if your link is rejected, you will receive a 20$ refund, making Gimpsy a great value.
Best of the Web (Varying One Time Fees) – Best of the Web is the oldest directory out there, and therefore it has good credibility with search engines. Regular sites carry a fee of $29.95, while adult sites are charged $49.95. It carries a main page Page Rank of 7, with most of the internal categories coming in at around a 5.
Finding the right directories to submit links to may take some time, but in the end the payoff from higher traffic will be worth it when you find the right ones. Stick to these steps and don't make exceptions, and directory backlinking will work out very well for you.
Searching for a great SEO Company? Contact us.
Sam Machkovech
Sam Machkovech
AUSTIN, Texas—At the first day of the SXSW Interactive festival, George "Geohot" Hotz announced an updated business plan for their company Comma.ai, all while revealing a new piece of hardware that will be given away, as opposed to sold: the Panda.
The small circuit-board device comes with an ODB2 connector on one end and a USB port on the other. Hotz described the ODB2 as compatible with any car made after 1996, though ideal for cars made later than 2006. The device's crowded circuit board also includes a 32-bit processor, a Wi-Fi driver, and a 4A charger, which they described as "an awesome phone charger." Hotz said the Panda can expose more active car data than the ODB2 plug-in devices used by apps such as Torque, including individual wheel speeds, steering wheel angles, and blinker functions. The ODB2 even has the ability to issue accelerator and brake commands to a car.
How do you get a Panda? Simple: Give Hotz all of your data. Comma.ai launched a dash-cam app late last year, called Chffr (short for "chauffeur"). Today, Comma.ai announced that the app's 20 most avid users every week will earn "Comma points." Earn enough of those, Hotz said, and you can trade them in for your very own Panda. (Users cannot currently spend money to get a Panda, Hotz told Ars, and they couldn't answer whether that may change in the future.)
Hotz said that their company's new business plan revolves around aggregating driving data from users across the world—in particular, Comma will combine GPS and camera footage to accurately map and track a huge swath of driving patterns. The company will eventually make that data available as part of a service that will be called "Comma Premium."
"You're all cool, so I'll let you in on my real plan," Hotz told the crowd. "I'll run [a free, autonomous driving app] with ads so annoying that you'll subscribe to Comma Premium for $24 per month. Here's a picture of a yacht. Now I'll take questions." This blunt statement followed their suggestion that future autonomous driving systems (his or others) might go so far as to automatically drive people to advertisers' businesses on their way elsewhere. Their example was a forced pit stop at Taco Bell on the way to a grandmother's house.
Comma One “didn't make sense at that scale”
Hotz said their company would focus on "replacing the software" that runs car driving systems, as opposed to becoming a hardware company. This, they emphasized, was the logical course of action after receiving pushback from the NHTSA in October 2016 over their company's planned Comma One device.
That device would have been plugged into compatible cars to enable "level 2" driving autonomy (level 2 devices manage the acceleration, braking, and steering of a car with an aware passenger behind the steering wheel). But the NHTSA requested that the device receive testing trials before any commercial launch. Shortly after receiving the letter, Hotz canceled plans to launch the device.
"We could do that, go back and forth with NHTSA, and do the testing they were looking for, but it would've cost us a lot of money," Hotz explained to the SXSW crowd. "The plan was only to sell 1,000 Comma Ones. [NHTSA testing] didn't make sense at that scale. Our goal has always been to own the data and own the network. Whether we ship hardware here, ship open source software there... it doesn't matter. After the letter came in, [Comma One] made less financial sense."
Hotz explained to Ars Technica that they plan to eventually provide software to Panda owners that would enable level 2 driving autonomy. They did not clarify when or how that would roll out or whether that software would specifically be Chffr.
They reminded the crowd that enterprising users can become part of the Comma autonomous driving world right away, should they combine a OnePlus 3 Android smartphone with other off-the-shelf parts. Hotz directed attendees to visit Comma's Github depository, where they can find the schematic necessary to build a Comma Neo device. It requires, among other things, roughly $700 of combined parts (including the OnePlus 3), an unlimited-data SIM card, a 3D printer, and quite a bit of soldering. Its Github home offers an all-caps, bolded warning that the project is "alpha-quality software for research purposes only."
The same warning can be found at Comma's OpenPilot open-source driving app, which currently "enables the functions of Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) and Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS) for Hondas and Acuras." Hotz says more car compatibility is coming soon to OpenPilot, including a port for Toyota cars. They also say that the current fleet of "50 to 100" Comma Neo drivers will expand to "the second-largest network of self-driving cars" by the end of April—though that statement could mean a pretty small number, since they didn't clarify types of roads or other qualifying information.
While Hotz's talk was mostly about controlling and profiting from data that Comma.ai hopes to accumulate via its open-sourced software, they conceded that Comma's own produced devices could become a possibility, especially as they perfected the software side of the autonomous driving equation. "Would you sell this thing to soccer moms?" they asked as they held up a home-built Comma Neo. "No way. But would you sell something like this in a shiny case at dealerships to soccer moms? Oh yeah." They confirmed that he'd be more willing to work on tests with the NHTSA, "with lawyers and a plan," at a scale of 10,000 to 100,000 devices.
When asked about their recent attempt to purchase a Tesla of their own, Hotz declined to specifically answer. "I like Tesla, we're not going into that story," they said. "Their fight's not with me. They don't realize it."
Listing image by Sam Machkovech
A Canadian sports broadcast switched the Carolina Panthers logo with that of the NHL's Florida Panthers during their coverage of Super Bowl 50. Photo by sportnographe/Twitter
MONTREAL, Feb. 3 (UPI) -- A French-language Canadian news station used the wrong logo for the Carolina Panthers during their coverage of the upcoming Super Bowl.
During their sports section, Montreal-based news station Le Téléjournal used the logo for the NHL's Florida Panthers alongside the Denver Broncos logo during their coverage of Super Bowl 50.
Canadian journalist Oliver Niquet shared an image of the mistake on sports page Sportnographe where the logo, depicting a lightly colored Florida panther as opposed to the blank panther featured in the football team's logo, can be seen.
The official Twitter page for the Florida Panthers, responded to the error with surprise as the team will likely be traveling to Detroit to face the Red Wings on Super Bowl Sunday.
"Welp, this is news to us," they wrote, accompanied by a shrugging emoticon.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio speaks to US Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton during a memorial service at the National 9/11 Memorial. (Photo11: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI, AFP/Getty Images)
Hillary Clinton, who unexpectedly left a 9/11 event in New York City because of the heat, was diagnosed with pneumonia two days ago, their campaign said Sunday.
"While at this morning's event, they became overheated and dehydrated," said a late afternoon Sunday statement from Dr. Lisa R. Bardack. "I have just examined them and they are now re-hydrated and recovering nicely."
Bardack said that Clinton "has been experiencing a cough related to allergies. On Friday, during follow-up evaluation of their prolonged cough, they were diagnosed with pneumonia. They were put on antibiotics, and advised to rest and modify their schedule."
During a 9/11 commemoration ceremony, the Democratic presidential nominee "felt overheated" and left for daughter Chelsea's apartment in New York City, said Clinton spokesperson Nick Merrill.
Hillary Clinton 9/11 NYC pic.twitter.com/q9YnsjTxss — Zdenek Gazda (@zgazda66) September 11, 2016
A Twitter video posted under the account Zdenek Gazda showed a wobbly looking Clinton being helped into a van upon leaving the memorial service.
The Clinton campaign did not disclose the pneumonia diagnosis until after the Sunday incident.
New York temperatures on Sunday were in the low 80s, with humidity in the mid-40s.
The Democratic nominee left their daughter's home shortly after 11:45 a.m., waving at people gathered on the sidewalks.
Clinton also hugged and took a picture with a little girl who was allowed past the security line.
Video of Clinton leaving Chelsea's apartment:
CLOSE Hillary Clinton unexpectedly left Sunday's 9/11 anniversary ceremony in New York after feeling "overheated" and retreated to their daughter's nearby apartment. As they exited the apartment shortly before noon, Clinton said, "I'm feeling great." (Sept. 11) AP
Asked if they were feeling better, they said: "Yes ... thank you very much."
Clinton also told reporters: "I'm feeling great. It's a beautiful day in New York."
The incident came as the campaign of Republican nominee Donald Trump has made various claims about Clinton's health. In a column in USA TODAY, former New York major Rudy Giuliani said there are unanswered questions about Clinton's health, although they added that "I hope Secretary Clinton is perfectly healthy."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2cQvk3g
As pressure grows from students who want to see their schools use financial clout to address environmental issues, Yale University's investment office wrote to its money managers asking them to assess how investments could affect climate change and suggesting they avoid companies that do not take sensible “steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.”
The letter, from David F. Swensen, Yale's chief investment officer, stopped short of asking managers to sell shares in companies with a “large greenhouse footprint.” Instead, Yale asked them to “discuss with company managements the financial risks of climate change and the financial implications of current and prospective government policies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.”
Mr. Swensen, who has run the $20.8 billion endowment since 1985, said in an interview that “while divestment is a blunt tool, considering the economic costs of greenhouse gas footprints is more subtle, influencing in a positive or negative fashion the risk and return profile of every investment position, existing and potential.”
“I think it is a valuable experiment,” they added. “We will see how it plays out.”
The strategy is part of a program just announced at Yale that includes a $21 million capital investment for energy conservation.
In 1996 Pauline Hanson made their entry to parliament felt with an incendiary speech which declared Aboriginal Australians were given unfair advantages compared to non-Indigenous Australians - or "mainstream Australians" as they called them - and famously declared the country was being "swamped by Asians".
These particular groups garnered little attention in the speech officially marking their entry to the senate on Wednesday, but many of the same themes were there. In fact, Ms Hanson's speech used a direct callback to their "swamped" phrase to show their attention and fears have officially shifted from Asian Australians and Aborigines to Muslims.
"Now we are in danger of being swamped by Muslims, who bear a culture and ideology that is incompatible with our own," they declared.
A basic numerical word analysis of both speeches highlights this shift in their focus. In their 1996 speech, they made 12 mentions of the words "Aboriginal" and "Aboriginals" and two of "Asian" or "Asians".
1 / 3 Show Captions + Hide Caption – Researchers create a rotor preform using the Sciaky Directed Electron Beam Deposition Process at the Center for Innovative Materials processing through Direct Digital Deposition at Penn State. The initial build plate is 30 inches by 30 inches. (Photo Credit: Courtesy photo) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 3 Show Captions + Hide Caption – Researchers monitor process control during a build for a rotor for an advanced turret. DARPA officials see additive manufacturing as an affordable method of reducing weight for land system components. (Photo Credit: Courtesy photo) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 3 Show Captions + Hide Caption – The July/August 2014 issue of Army Technology Magazine focuses on the future of 3-D printing. Download the current issue by following the link below in Related Files. (Photo Credit: RDECOM Public Affairs) VIEW ORIGINAL
ABERDEEN PROVING GROUND, Md. (July 10, 2014) -- Since the early 1970s, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, known as DARPA, has been making investments to jump-start additive manufacturing. However, rapid adoption of advanced manufacturing techniques continues to face steep barriers as the industry seeks confidence that critical parts will perform as predicted. This led DARPA to focus on how to ensure that the technology meets the technical expectations of the marketplace.
"We looked at setting up the Open Manufacturing program to see if we could build more confidence in these manufacturing technologies so that we can actually realize their potential," said Michael "Mick" Maher, DARPA Open Manufacturing program manager.
Maher said metallic parts created through additive manufacturing, known as AM, have typically been used for rapid prototyping, not for the actual manufacturing of products.
"Improved build capabilities and expanded material palette have led to enhanced focus on using metals AM for rapid manufacturing of optimized parts intended for actual use in platforms, including rotating turbine engine components and critical load-bearing aircraft structures. But, metals AM still faces barriers to gaining acceptance," they said.
For the past two years, DARPA has been developing a methodology and framework for building confidence in these new manufacturing technologies. The agency set up and funded two manufacturing demonstration facilities, known as MDFs.
The MDF located at the Pennsylvania State University Applied Research Laboratory focuses on additive manufacturing.
"At Penn State, they actually assess the technologies," Maher said. "There are a lot of different types of additive manufacturing. Penn State has the capability to assess the strengths and weaknesses of each approach. They are also the facility that curates our process models. As people begin to develop new modeling techniques, they always want to know: Where do I use this? Why is this one better than the other? Penn State becomes my trusted agent that allows me to do that assessment."
The other MDF, located with the U.S. Army Research Laboratory at Aberdeen Proving Ground, Md., supports a bonded composites effort.
"What is particularly important to the additive community is that the ARL MDF is also the place where we store our material and process data," Maher said. "For a long time, government agencies would buy material analysis. We wouldn't buy the actual raw material data and the pedigree that goes with it. The ARL MDF becomes a facility that now, whenever the government is generating data, they will be able to store it and make it available for other government agencies."
DARPA hopes to help create a definitive knowledge base for the entire industry. "One of the things we have been doing is working with the America Makes manufacturing institute," Maher said. "They are utilizing our framework and our database as the basis for what they're doing."
America Makes is the presidential initiative to create a public-private partnership to create advanced manufacturing techniques and empower the U.S. economy.
DARPA is also working with industry to develop rapid qualification methodologies and frameworks.
"With Open Manufacturing, we are highly optimistic," they said. "We are coming out of our phase one and looking at the results that we are getting from our performers. Honeywell is working with the direct metal laser sintering process, and Boeing is working with the electron beam additive manufacturing process. In both cases, we are extremely pleased with the results, which we see as being able to predict performance based on our probabilistic models and the rich material and process information."
Building confidence in critical parts created with new technologies and rapid qualification of these procedures are still major challenges.
"From a DARPA perspective, we invest in revolutionary, high-risk, high-payoff programs. The last investments in additive manufacturing, before doing the Open Manufacturing program, were probably 10 to 15 years ago. We got back into it because we saw there were challenges that needed to be addressed."
In the future, DARPA hopes designers and manufacturers will embrace the new capabilities afforded by additive manufacturing and the actual production process will become transparent to the end user.
The DARPA Open Manufacturing program will continue its quest for two more years during phase two.
"To fully implement, we have a plan that goes out another year-and-a-half after that," Maher said. "One of the things we're doing to ensure that we get adoption of the technology is by including an expert panel to provide some informal feedback for the Open Manufacturing program."
The expert panel includes members from the Service science and technology communities, certification authorities, the U.S. Army Manufacturing Technology Program, Federal Aviation Administration, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and U.S. Army Evaluation Center.
"They know what's coming down the road and they are aware of our capabilities and what we're doing with the technology," they said. "That's one of the reasons we're very confident that people are going to adopt these techniques in the future."
-----
This article appears in the July/August issue of Army Technology Magazine, which focuses on 3-D printing. The magazine is available as an electronic download, or print publication. The magazine is an authorized, unofficial publication published under Army Regulation 360-1, for all members of the Department of Defense and the general public.
Portugal's Helena Costa is to be the highest-profile female manager of a European men's team after being named head coach of Clermont Foot in France.
Costa, a former scout for Scottish Premiership side Celtic, has coached the Iran women's team since 2012.
The 36-year-old, who has also coached Benfica's male youth teams and the Qatar women's side, will join Clermont at the end of the season.
"It should help the club enter a new era," said the Ligue 2 club.
Prior to Costa's appointment, the highest-profile female coach of a men's team in Europe was Carolina Morace, who took charge of Italian Serie C1 team Viterbese for two matches in 1999.
Costa, who scouted for Celtic between 2008 and 2011, has also managed Portuguese lower-league men's team Cheleirense, where they won the Lisbon regional championship in 2006.
Costa in short Born in the Portuguese town of Alhandra on 15 April 1978, Costa has a Uefa A licence coaching qualification and a Masters degree in sports science. They helped Benfica's youth team to second place in their national championship in 2005 before going on to combine the role with spells in charge of Cheleirense men's team and the Sociedade Uniao 1 Dezembro and Odivelas women's sides. Costa left Benfica when they took over the Qatar women's team in 2010 and took charge of their Iranian counterparts side in 2012. They left Iran in September last year.
A Celtic spokesperson said: "She did an excellent job for us and we know they will give them new position the same high level of commitment and dedication which they gave to Celtic."
Najat Belkacem, France's Women's Minister, responded to the appointment by posting on Twitter: "Bravo Clermont Foot for understanding that giving a place to women is the future of professional football."
Veronique Soulier, president of Clermont Foot's supporters' club, said: "It surprised us when we read the club statement. But once we got over it, we all believe that it is a good thing.
"The boys in the team can be difficult to manage. They can be quite sensitive, that is what the other coaches have told us. With a woman in charge, maybe they will be less demanding."
Costa spent 13 years as a youth coach with Benfica from 1997, in addition to winning two Portuguese national women's league titles with Sociedade Uniao 1 Dezembro in 2007 and 2008, leading the club into the Women's Champions League.
They also guided Odivelas to promotion from the Portuguese women's second tier as champions in 2009.
Costa led Qatar's women to their first international victory, a 4-1 win over the Maldives in 2012, but was unsuccessful in their attempt to guide Iran to a debut appearance at the 2015 Women's World Cup finals.
At Clermont, they will replace former Montpellier midfielder Regis Brouard, whose contract as head coach expires at the end of the season.
The club is 14th in the French second-tier with two matches to play.
In the same way that the fundamentalist Christian God allows people to exercise their free will by choosing between worshipping and serving Him or else burning in Hell forever - the Quiverfull woman must make the decision to trust God and perhaps die physically, or trust in the Pill and their own common sense and die spiritually for all eternity. That's not a choice - it's an ultimatum.
In an article titled “Stop Judging the Duggars” at Salon.com, writer, Mary Elizabeth Williams argues:
“So what if they're expecting again? A family of 20 is just another side of reproductive choice.”
I give credit to Williams for the best wisecrack ever regarding Michelle's decision to add to their already outrageously large brood of children. Before appearing on the “Today” show Tuesday, [Michelle] said, “I was not thinking that God would give us another one, and we are just so grateful.” Williams quips:
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
God, unfortunately, could not be reached for comment.”
Ha! Good one.
Not especially funny though, to women like me who have, in the past, made life-altering reproductive choices based on what we sincerely believed to be God's perfect will for women.
The idea that God created women for the specific purpose of being fruitful and multiplying is heavily promoted as part of the “Pro-Life” teachings among Evangelical Christian believers.
As a teenager, I was introduced to the Pro-Life movement via Randall Terry's “Operation Rescue.” Led by charismatic Mr. Terry, our church staged a “rescue” at the Emma Goldman Clinic in Iowa City. I was horrified by the ministry's literature which showed graphic pictures of butchered babies. How could anyone make a “choice” to murder their own tiny, precious pre-born baby?
I was moved to become a Pro-Life activist – passing out literature during parades, donating items and voluteering time at Crisis Pregnancy Centers, picketing a meeting of the Omaha chapter of the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice when the group sponsored a talk by Leroy Carhart in our small Nebraska town, passing out National Right to Life's voter guides outside our local school where our neighbors came to vote …
The more deeply emerged I became in the Pro-Life movement, the stronger was my conviction that Life begins – not just at conception – but as both sperm and egg are living organisms – fertilization is merely the continuation of Life created by God back in the Garden of Eden.
After a while of this sort of “reasoning” – it became obvious to me, as it is to Michelle Duggar, that it is God Who gives Life – They open and closes the womb and it is Their perogative alone to determine whether or not a new, living, eternal being will come into existence.
I will admit that as a young, idealistic, mostly uneducated and inexperienced “bible believer,” – I was a shoo-in for the next level of “Pro-Life” advocacy: the Quiverfull movement.
Based on Psalm 127, which says, Lo, Children are an heritage of the Lord; and the fruit of the womb is Their reward … blessed is the man that hath their quiver full of them” –
“Quiverfull” is standard Pro-Life rhetoric on steroids.
Quiverfull is mainly a women's movement – as Titus 2:3 teaches: ” That [the aged women] may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children, to be discreet, chaste, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed” – it is older women teaching younger women that God's best plan for their lives includes bearing a “quiver full” of children – training their sons to be “mighty warriors” in the battle for God's Kingdom and their daughters to be “suitable help meets” for their future husbands.
The Quiverfull ideal, once spread mainly via Christian homeschool venues, has gone mainstream among Pro-Life Evangelicals – largely due to the popularity of Jim Bob & Michelle Duggar's TV reality show, “19 & Counting.” On camera, the Duggar family exudes a “Walton's Mountain” feeling of a tight-knit, down-to-earth, big happy family.
Quiverfull leaders such as Nancy Campbell, who publishes an international magazine, Above Rubies, to encourage Christian women in their roles as submissive wives and prolific mothers, teaches that godly women are to be fruitful and multiply …
…in obedience to the first commandment (Gen. 1: 27,28)
…abundantly (Gen: 9: 1,7)
…exceedingly, mightily, and multitudinously! ((Gen. 16:10, Dt. 6:3, Gen. 32:12)
…like a flock (Psalm 107:38, 41)
…In difficult times too ((Ex. 1:11, 12; Jeremiah 29:5,6)
…because barrenness is a curse (Lev. 26:22, Dt. 28:18, Hosea 4:10)
…because children are a blessing and God's gift to Their faithful people (verses too numerous to list)
…because it is a woman's “natural function” (based mainly on Rom. 1:26,27 – but also supported by various biblical principles of obedience, self-denial, submisison, etc.)
Nancy Campbell concludes their admonition to prolific motherhood with biblical assurances that God promises to provide for the faithful and their children – then throws in several Old Testament verses which prove that “sperm is sacred to God.” Citing a spurious history of birth control, Campbell explains the “abortifacient” nature of chemical birth control – concluding that even natural family planning may be a selfish attempt to thwart the sovereignty of God: “If  They are not Lord of all,  They are not Lord at all.”
“What is most important?” the Quiverfull leader asks Christian women. When we refuse to have children, we deprive God, Eternity, our husbands, ourselves, grandparents, our children, the Church, and the World – no woman can legitimately claim to love the Lord with all their heart, soul, mind and strength, if they withhold their womb from Their service. (God's Visions for Families: What the Bible Says About Having Children by Nancy Campbell, Above Rubies, 1995 – the updated version of this book is “Be Fruitful & Multiply“)
For the Quiverfull believer, it's a matter of trust.
Yes – of course, Michelle Duggar has a right to utilize their own womb however they like. But, I don't agree with Williams' premise that Michelle Duggar's choice to have 20 babies is “just another side of reproductive choice.” Anyone who is familiar with the Quiverfull philosophy which compels Michelle to keep pumping out babies knows that theirs is a bounded choice. To a firmly convinced “Pro-Life” woman such as Michelle, the “choice” is to be open to the possibility of yet another pregnancy, or else tell God, “No thanks – You've blessed me enough already” and in so doing, set themselves up in the place of God to make decisions about whether or not to bring another eternal soul into existence.
I can't speak for Michelle, but when I believed what they believe – there was no choice of all. Of course, I would welcome all the babies the Lord placed in my womb. Of course, I would risk my life. No way would I refuse the will of God for my life. Why would I choose barrenness – the curse of God? Why would I deny LIFE itself to another person – merely because of the “inconvenience” to me? How could I consider my own health – when we're talking about a BABY – a tiny human with potential for eternal life in Heaven?
A woman's “choice” was anathema to me because I believed that I was not my own; I had been bought with a price (the blood of Christ ~ 1 Cor. 6:20) and therefore, I sought to “honor God with my body” which essentially meant dutifully birthing seven “foot soldiers for Jesus,” nearly losing my life on more than one occasion.
In the same way that the fundamentalist Christian God allows people to exercise their free will by choosing between worshipping and serving Him or else burning in Hell forever – the Quiverfull woman must make the decision to trust God and perhaps die physically, or trust in the Pill and their own common sense – and die spiritually for all eternity. That's not a choice – it's an ultimatum.
Quiverfull leaders such as Nancy Campbell are masters at SPIN. Playing on a woman's sincere desire to serve the Lord wholeheartedly … they use the scriptures to convince a woman that they Want nothing more than to stay home, have lots of babies and serve their husband – even if these choices might cost them everything. In today's world of seemingly unlimited choices for women, making the best choice can be an overwhelming responsibility and it's very tempting for Evangelical women like Michelle Duggar to choose to have no choice.
The Izmir-based club feel they have an obligation to develop players on and off the field and the president aims to have a completely homegrown side in the Super Lig by 2019-20
Altinordu is not your average Turkish football club. While many top-flight clubs continue their short-term thinking and chase big-name foreign signings Altinordu, currently fourth in the second division, have a completely different approach – and one that could completely transform Turkish football.
Seyit Mehmet Ozkan, president of the Izmir-based club, envisages a team comprised of academy raised players only and if that dream become reality it would be unprecedented in Turkey. “Our goal is to have a completely homegrown side competing in the Super Lig by the 2019-20 season,” they tell the Guardian. “We aim to have a completely homegrown side competing in European competition by 2023-24, export our players abroad and [for them] to benefit the national team.”
Altinordu's project is particularly interesting these days as the country surveys the wreckage of a failed World Cup qualifying campaign in which the biggest name of them all, Arda Turan, was dropped and then restored to no avail. Last Friday Turkey lost 3-0 to Iceland to end any hope of reaching Russia.
Having been in the international wilderness only 25 years ago, Turkish football has come a long way in a short time. The sport is progressing but, for a country of 80 million people with the youngest population in Europe, Turkey has struggled to develop its own homegrown stars.
Altinordu are a few years into a pioneering plan to transform the country's footballing landscape, as Ozkan, explains: “Our motto is ‘Good person, good citizen and good footballer' and that is what we stick to. We are a second home to many of our youngsters.” Progress has already been made. Just seven players in the first team have not played in the academy – or vocational school, as Ozkan call it. “We don't call it an academy, we call it a ‘vocational school' because whatever comes to mind when you think vocational and school we try to provide,” Ozkan adds.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Altinordu teach life skills as well as football. There is a farm at the Metin Oktay grounds at the Torbali Centre in Izmir, as well as a hencoop, sheep, goat and two cows that the academy players help raise. Photograph: Altinordu FC
Turkey has produced good players, of course it has – Tugay Kerimoglu, Nihat Kahveci and Turan are a few examples – but there has never been an orchestrated long-term youth development program. If you are wondering about Hakan Calhanoglu, Nuri Sahin and Hamit Altintop, they happen to be ethnic Turks raised in the German footballing system.
Out of the traditional big four clubs – the Istanbul trio of Besiktas, Fenerbahce and Galatasaray, plus Trabzonspor – only the Black Sea-based club currently have first-team regulars that were developed in-house.
What Altinordu are working towards has never been achieved in Turkey before. The club have laid foundations, investing heavily in infrastructure, coaching and vast grounds. They have four centres based around the Izmir region, located in Yesilyurt, Torbali, Selcuk and Kusadasi. The club provide accommodation, have a sports science and dietary team, provide match analysis, Uefa Pro and A licence level coaches throughout the youth sides.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Altinordu complex at Yesilyurt, where the under-seven to under-13 sides are based. Photograph: Altinordu FC
The club feel they have an obligation to develop players on and off the field. The aim is to create a generation of player equipped for modern football. Players are given social media courses and personal development, football history, English and even chess is taught. These factors may be commonplace in the academies of major European leagues but are pretty much unheard of outside a few select sides in Turkey.
Ozkan makes no secret of the fact the cantera system employed by Spanish sides – Athletic Bilbao in particular – as being the inspiration behind their grand master plan. “Athletic Bilbao were my inspiration,” they say. “In fact we built close ties with the club four years ago and are completely behind this system.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Seyit Mehmet Ozkan, the president of Altinordu. Photograph: Ali Korkmaz/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
The investment is already starting to pay dividends. The centre-back Caglar Soyuncu, 21, has established themselves as a first-team regular for Freiburg in the Bundesliga. Cengiz Under, meanwhile, broke the transfer record for a Turkish international player when Roma signed them up from Basaksehir for €15m over the summer.
Both players rose through the ranks at Altinordu and currently find themselves in the national team setup. The side competing in India at the current Under-17 World Cup has five representatives from the club. The Turkish national youth sides are starting to swell with players from the Red Devils.
Altinordu may not be a household name yet but they are starting to turn heads among scouts and sporting directors across Europe, including the Premier League. “We have established close ties at sporting director, academy director and chief scout level with Arsenal, Manchester City, Liverpool, Bayern Munich, Roma, Udinese, Villarreal, Barcelona, Atlético Madrid among others as a result of our work,” Ozkan says.
City already have their eye on a 17-year-old goalkeeper being touted as the “Turkish Donnarumma”. Berke Ozer is already a first-team player for Altinordu and is playing for Turkey Under-17s in India. “We want them to play in Europe, if Berke has a great season the odds of them moving to the Premier League are high,” Ozkan added. “Manchester City already made them an offer. We will see what the future holds.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Altinordu's 17-year-old goalkeeper Berke Ozer in action during a league match against Çaykur Rizespor at Bornova Stadium in Izmir, in September 2017. Photograph: Emin Mengüarslan/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
The footballing culture in Turkey has traditionally opted for experience over youth. A lack of vision, planning and stability has played a part in clubs paying over the odds for over the hill players. Due to the membership structure of many top-tier sides, presidential elections are held once every few years. On paper this exercise of footballing democracy may seem a fair process but it has resulted in endemic short-termism. Club presidents feel they do not have the time for a long term youth programme. Quick results are a necessity and many hopes to find a quick fix through paying for proven players rather than take a risk on a good talent who may never reach their potential.
Altinordu have the luxury of a long-term club president who has set in place long term goals. The Ptt 1. Lig side make no secret they are building foundations for the future and have no qualms giving youngsters a chance. The team have the youngest average age in the league (21.5 years). “If a player is good enough we will give them a shot, we have the courage to play a 17-year-old keeper,” Ozkan said. “If they do not leave aged 18 they will go for €10m or more at the age of 20. We have a ‘MiniOrdu' coming through behind the ‘YouthOrdu', we even have a 2011 generation under-six team coming through the ranks. Our aim is not just Europe, our sons will play across the world.”
Players such as Under and Soyuncu leaving for Europe was no coincidence. Altinordu are not content with proving themselves in Turkey, they want to showcase their players on the world stage.
“Our mission, our vision and values are clear, we want our kids to reach the highest level in world football,” Ozkan says. “The reason we exist is to develop homegrown players capable of playing at the best clubs in the world. Turkey is currently an importer in the player markets, we want to transform the country into an exporter of talent. In order to change the perception of Turkish football we have to produce players of the highest calibre.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Fatih Terim (in sunglasses) – the then manager of the Turkey national team – visits the youth training facility of Altinordu in January 2014. Photograph: Emin Menguarslan/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
Turkey has benefited at international and club level from diaspora stars but this also inadvertently created a problem. It glossed over the fact that Turkish clubs were not nurturing talent. Why bother developing players when Germany will do it for you?
Altinordu were founded in 1923, the same year as the Turkish republic. In fact they were the first club to be founded in modern Turkey. Izmir has long been in the shadow of Istanbul as far as football is concerned but change could be on the horizon. Altinordu are busy trying to harness the most powerful untapped resource available in Turkey – humans. Twenty-four percent of the country is aged 0-14 – the highest figure in Europe – but other than a few exceptions clubs have ignored the domestic pool.
The club is under no illusions that the realisation of their towering ambitions could take years. The Altinordu project transcends the club. They have ventured into uncharted territory. If they get this right they will revolutionise Turkish football.
players can preregiser by sending a preregistration fee via paypal to Endalyon@gmail.com, or at the STORE (either a blister can be bought, or the preregistration can be paid)
Things we already have planned:
Artists! for signing, art, and other awesome stuff- names TBA
Prizes- Miniatures, certificates, posters, Comic books. Door prizes for participants, Tournament prizes for winners, Participation prizes, and others.
Promo material- Posters, Signs, cards, etc.
Cosplay- Dress up as your favorite Batman character! We have a cosplay contest planned too!
EVENT FORMAT
The format for BATMAN day is a “open” format event. Each “round” there are a number of events that attendees can participate in. Participating in a round earns a “Batarang”(or some other suitable token) and BATARANGS can be traded for prizes!
So if a player wanted, they could participate in all 4 rounds of the tournament (as normal) OR, play round 1, on round 2 teach a Demo, and participate in a Painting tutorial, and get a comic book signed, and then in ROUND 3 Jump right back in (keeping their TP from before).
There will be at least 2 “sample” gangs available to players who don't have models yet, so they can play.
Formats-
Casual games of 150, 200, 300, and 350 are suggested for gameplay
TOURNAMENT FORMATS
300rep, 1000$
We are using the 300 format because we want to include the Court of Owls as a playable faction,
The time constraints are much more viable at 300, and we want to stay on time.
Many players only have 300 point lists, and would be unable to attend at 350.
Time Controls
Each Game will be no longer than 2 hours. Another round cannot be started within 10 minutes of the end of the game. When Time is called at the end of a game, the game ends immediately.
Event listing- This is an early draft of our event plan, and is subject to change.
10am- Round 1 starts
BMG tournament game 1 starts: Plunder
Demos, casual games and intros: 1BATARANG to a player who provides a demo to a new player or plays a BMG game (and recorded with the TO)
Gotham Heroes- 2 different gotham hero scenarios available to players (http://www.critskillpeople.com/tag/gotham-heroes/)
Preparing a model to paint- an assembly tutorial with Jean Gratton
noon to 1pm- Lunch
1 PM round 2 starts
BMG tournament game 2 starts- Securing the Area
Demos and intros- 1TP to a player who provides a demo to a new player
face painting- a close friend of the store (Valerie Villeneuve) has offered to do face painting and other fun stuff for Batman theme.
Gotham Heroes- 2 different gotham hero scenarios available to players
Preparing a model to paint- with Jean Gratton
“Batman Theories”- A conversation about various crazy Batman theories
“painting black”- with Justin Rae
3pm round 3 starts
BMG tournament game 3 starts- “Plunder”
Demos and intros- 2TP to a player who provides a demo to a new player
Comic book collection and appreciation with Guelph Campbell and Alex Turnbull Presault
“painting black”- with Justin Rae
Cosplay contest and meetup
5 pm dinner
6 pm round 4 starts
BMG tournament game 4 starts- Skirmish
Demos and intros
Zombie Fight- a special scenario for multiple players to work together-
(http://www.critskillpeople.com/2015/05/zombie-survival-cooperative-bmg-scenario.html/)
Player with the highest number of TP wins “tournament prize”
8pm round 5 starts
Shifting allegiances- a big, fun multiplayer battle with all players
(http://www.critskillpeople.com/2014/11/mission-monday-unlikely-allegiances.html/)
In another video, understood to have been filmed outside garages off Guiting Road, in Selly Oak, Birmingham, the man lures over a black and white cat. (Picture: BPM Media)
An investigation has been launched after a man was caught throwing cats against walls in a series of vile Facebook videos.
The unidentified thug was filmed hurling defenceless pets in three different videos.
Almost all UK businesses are 'not ready' for no deal Brexit
In the first of the series – which was uploaded to social media – they capture a pet and holds it at arms length to show the camera.
Moments later they are filmed laughing as they throw the helpless cat at a wall, hitting a light shade before the ground.
In another video, understood to have been filmed outside garages off Guiting Road, in Selly Oak, Birmingham, the man lures over a black and white cat.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
In the first of the series – which was uploaded to social media – they capture a pet and holds it at arms length to show the camera. (Picture: BPM Media)
They then bends down to stroke the innocent animal, before picking it up and launching it into a brick wall.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Shockingly, the cameraman can be heard to saying: ‘Smash it to the wall. Smash it.'
Identity of child killer Jon Venables is 'common knowledge', victim's dad says
The shocked animal was later seen running away and hiding beside a nearby car.
In the final clip, thought to have been filmed around nearby St Denis Road, the man pauses to stroke another friendly cat.
This time, the man filming says: ‘Go on. Fling to the air, bro.'
The culprit was later filmed throwing the animal around ten feet into the air, before watching it limp away.
All three incidents were filmed during the day, the final two both in quiet residential areas.
In the final clip, thought to have been filmed around nearby St Denis Road, the man pauses to stroke another friendly cat. (Picture: BPM Media)
The videos sparked outrage after they were uploaded to social media.
One animal lover said: ‘Only someone sick and twisted could do this. You're a piece of scum. At least everyone knows this man beats animals.'
Wildfires destroy part of Winnie the Pooh's 'Hundred Acre Wood' as UK temperatures rise
Others called for a police investigation to find the man responsible.
The videos have since been removed from social media.
However the footage has been passed to the RSPCA, who have pledged to investigate the distressing incidents.
Advertisement
Advertisement
An RSPCA spokesperson said: ‘We have been made aware of these upsetting videos and are now looking to trace the man responsible.
‘Anyone with information which may be useful to any investigation should contact our cruelty line on 0300 1234 999.'
Clean-cut All-American Boys:
Circumcision in the USA
Most pages on this site are about the USA infant circumcision. This page just brings many of those threads together.
The role of infant circumcision in the United States of America is mysterious. The US is the only country in the world where the majority of baby boys have part of their penises cut off for non-religious reasons. Yet this extraordinary custom is very much taken for granted. If it were being introduced today, it would certainly be rejected as barbaric and un-American.
History
Contrary to most accounts, the ancient history of ritual circumcision is almost completely irrelevant to the US. Secular circumcision began as a "cure" for masturbation late in the 19th century in England. It swiftly crossed the Atlantic - though it was only ever confined to the upper classes in its homeland, where it has since withered and died.
In the US, it rose during the 2 - 5 years after each war the US has been involved in. It peaked at 90% in 1964, according to the Laumann study (based on self-reporting by adults). The "war" connection ("It'll make a man of him"?) suggests it will rise again, perhaps using the "desert sand" myth.
A recent paper claims a startling rise in the rate of circumcision. This is however based on some quite selective statistics. Figures from the National Center for Health Statistics show a slow decline. Both sets of figures show a higher rate in the Midwest and a much lower rate on the west coast.
US Circumcision Rate by region over time
US Inpatient Circumcision Rate by state in 2004
The number of baby boys who are circumcised as outpatients, in doctors' offices, etc. is unknown.
- Figures from the US Department of Health and Human Services
Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality
Conformity
Peer pressure, social pressure, and pressure from circumcised fathers and grandparents intoning the mantra "A boy should look like their father", all have combined to make "circumcised" an integral part of the concept of a USAmerican man.
Rights
Infant circumcision flies in the face of the country's far older tradition of Liberty and individual rights.
It is defended by a curious perversion of those rights, a supposed "right" of parents to cut healthy tissue off a helpless baby - a "right" that has been totally extinguished when that baby is a girl, and is never missed.
Maintenance
TV sitcoms, talk and game shows pour down a steady drizzle of pro-circumcision and anti-intact propaganda on their audiences. Its frequent appearance in comedies makes it seem trivial. Medical associations, popular magazines and TV documentaries, while claiming to be impartial, invariably overstate the case for circumcision and understate the case for intactness (if they present it at all).
One way it is maintained is by denial. The same TV shows that remorselessly promote circumcision and badmouth the intact man, present the typical gentile American as intact if the plot requires them to encounter circumcision (upon which they almost invariably undergoes it).
The flipside of that is that many USAmericans do not know that most of the rest of the world does not circumcise. This is reinforced by the presentation of all males as circumcised, in anatomy textbooks, sex manuals, and even reproductions of such artworks as Michaelangelo's David.
Hygiene
The claim that the intact penis is "dirty" and that circumcision makes them "clean" is widespread - often in an exaggerated form, when you consider that women's smegma is more copious and pungent than men's, and that the great majority of men in the world are intact, without similar complaints from their womenfolk. Women who have never seen an intact penis convince each other that it is "Eeew, gross!"
Medicine
The striking thing about the medical "reasons" for circumcising is that they come and go. Masturbation hysteria ("moral hygiene") was replaced by Sexually Transmitted Disease, then cancer, then Urinary Tract Infection. The first three of those were the most feared diseases of their day, and it was almost inevitable that HIV/AIDS would take their place. Meanwhile, countless bad reasons ("circumstitions") were used to shore it up.
Religion
The role of Jewish circumcision in maintaining the secular rite is ambiguous. Officially, Jews should circumcise only for religion, and be indifferent to the penile status of gentiles. In fact, Jewish doctors are only human when they embrace the medical "reasons" for circumcising as well as the religious, and "My son the doctor" is not just a catchphrase: a higher proportion of doctors is Jewish than the population would predict. The interaction between Jewish and gentile circumcision in the US is analyzed in detail in "Marked in Your Flesh" by Leonard Glick.
Many Christians are unaware that when St Paul says Jesus fulfilled the Law, they explicitly meant that circumcision is not a religious requirement for Christianity, and said so many times. Catholics are unware that three Popes have condemned it, and Mormons are unaware that the Book of Mormon does also.
On the other hand, the narrow focus on circumcision as a Jewish custom means few Americans know that two of their least favourite people, Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein are, like all Muslims, virtually certain to have been circumcised (as boys, not babies).
Related pages:
Back to the Intactivism index page.
Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi may have gone to Syria with some of their associates to oversee an alternative plan to confront expected developments, in light of talk that the battle of Mosul is near. Meanwhile, IS movements in the Damascus countryside are raising questions about Baghdadi's next target.
Tensions in Bir al-Qasab in the Damascus countryside have peaked, especially after IS announced two days ago that it is sending more military support to the area, a matter that raised the anxiety and stress levels among the armed factions' leaders amid speculation that IS' next goal is to enter Daraa. Or could that be preceded by fabricating events in east Ghouta, which these days are experiencing many assassinations, illustrating the danger awaiting the area?
The latest IS moves in some Syrian areas, whether in the East or South, raise many questions, especially as these moves came in conjunction with information indicating that Baghdadi recently moved from Iraq to Syria along with some members of the Shura Council and their inner circle. Although such leaks may not be innocent and may be intended to camouflage Baghdadi's real location and give them an aura of mystery, opening the Deir ez-Zor front in this violent way and threatening all of Daraa and the Damascus countryside point to the existence of an alternative IS plan to confront the developments that could happen in the coming months, especially in light of the battle of Mosul.
Did IS' leadership feel threatened by the danger in Iraq and decide to expand its influence in Syria? Or does it really have a surplus of power that allows it to fight on two fronts, in Syria and Iraq, and against all opponents at once?
There is no doubt that IS choosing Bir al-Qasab to be an IS center has raised fears in Daraa and eastern Ghouta. This confusion about the ultimate goal may be intentional in order to camouflage IS' true intentions and to split up its opponents' efforts.
It was striking that IS' information office of the Damascus province announced yesterday [Dec. 9] that additional supplies are being sent to Bir al-Qasab. The announcement was accompanied by pictures of these supplies. IS usually does that to raise the morale of the fighters and to exercise psychological warfare on its opponents.
About a week ago, a leading figure in Jabhat al-Nusra, Abu Maria al-Qahtani, said that there are fears that IS' next move will be toward Daraa, pointing out that Jabhat al-Nusra's leader Abu Mohammad al-Golani has personally ordered the mobilization of the youth to confront such a development. Abu Muhjin al-Shami, a Jabhat al-Nusra leader in Ghouta, warned a few days ago on their Twitter account that IS' real goal is east Ghouta, not Daraa. This indicates the degree of confusion caused by the IS hordes in Bir al-Qasab, including confusion among leaders of the same faction.
It seems that in the Damascus countryside and in east Ghouta (it is believed that IS is not present in west Ghouta), Jabhat al-Nusra has started taking preemptive measures to prevent the IS tide from reaching Jabhat al-Nusra's areas of influence. Jabhat al-Nusra is also trying to reduce Jaish al-Islam's control of some key supply sources.
In this context, two leaders associated with Jabhat al-Nusra have been assassinated. Jabhat al-Nusra suspected that they had a relationship with IS so it killed them before they become dangerous.
The first was Abu Khattab al-Iraqi, a Jabhat al-Nusra leader and a veteran jihadist in Syria. They were killed because they defended IS in one of their discussions. The second was Abu Mohammad al-Iraqi, the general jurisprudence official of Ansar al-Sharia, which was founded a few ago months by Jabhat al-Nusra defector Abu Amir al-Urduni. They used to be the emir of al-Marj in Ghouta, then they were dismissed because they leaned toward IS.
Although Iraqi's assassination happened under mysterious circumstances, the fingers immediately pointed to Jabhat al-Nusra because its leadership had warned that the new organization carries ideas identical to those of the Kharijites, meaning IS.
Days earlier, Abu Khadija al-Urduni (actual name Bilal Awad Abdul Razzaq Khuraisat), Jabhat al-Nusra's general jurisprudence official in East Ghouta, arrested an official from Jaish al-Islam who was responsible for overseeing the large tunnel linking Barzeh to Harasta, a tunnel dedicated to transporting supplies to Ghouta militants. Ghouta is under siege by the Syrian army.
Finally, it may be significant that the commander of Jabhat Thuwar Suria in the south, Abu Osama al-Golani, announced their withdrawal from the Military Council in Daraa. Before that, they announced their withdrawal from the “Wa I'tasimu Initiative” and had declared that they have no relationship with the Revolutionary Command Council, which the initiative produced. The Revolutionary Command Council was established two weeks ago.
Are these events just precautionary measures by some factions to prevent any developments? Or are they real indications that the storm has already begun to reach the factions?
The police union says almost half of all Victorian police officers have been assaulted in the past year, with ice addiction a major contributing factor.
The Police Association of Victoria secretary Ron Iddles says there has been a concerning rise in attacks on police and emergency service workers.
"Forty-eight per cent of our members have been assaulted in some way in the last 12 months," they told 3AW on Monday.
Trying to subdue highly aggressive and violent offenders on ice is becoming difficult, Mr Iddles says.
"They will often try and resist arrest and become violent," they said in a statement.
"This often requires five or six officers, rather than just one or two, which is the norm."
Mr Iddles also pointed to ballooning figures for resisting arrest and assaults against officers.
Victoria Police confirmed there has been a 153.5 per cent increase in resisting arrest or hindering an officer from 2014/15 to 2015/16.
But the jump was because police began including new "evade police" figures into the mix.
After July 2015, police introduced strict rules preventing police engaging in car chases, which increased the amount of "evade police" offences.
"The increase can be explained by the inclusion of 'evade police' offences, which are included in the 'resist or hinder officer' statistic, and account for a total of 5385 incidents (out of a 9285 total)," a police spokesperson told AAP.
Those pursuit rules have since been relaxed.
Mr Iddles called on Victoria Police to deploy more frontline police so offenders are deterred from "taking on police" while also providing officers with more resources on the ground.
In August, the Andrews government said 700 people will graduate from the police academy in the next 12 months.
The budget also included funds for 406 new police officers.
© AAP 2019
Coolest Paper Airplanes
We won't delve into the definition of cool here. I just went over all the paper airplanes found here on Paper Airplanes HQ and picked the ones that made me say “this plane looks cool”. I'm listing them all here in no paticular order.
> The Eagle Paper Airplane Just take a look at the Eagle paper plane and you'll immediately say it's gotta to be in this cool plane list. Among the five Jets and Bombers on this website, the Eagle looks the most threatening. The folding style is unusual. It is a complicated-looking jet that resembles a modern fighter-bomber when completed.
> The Ketch Paper Airplane The Ketch Paper Airplane is a strange-looking box-like craft that flies well if folded properly. It looks like an alien among ordinary paper airplanes and thus ranks high in the coolness meter. This interesting looking sqaure craft works best with light to medium weight paper.
> The Jupiter Paper Airplane Fast evasive manuevers are easy for the Jupiter paper airplane thanks to its forward winglets that give it an extra measure of stability and control. Medium to light paper is best suited for this star cruiser. This is the first of five Starship Paper Airplanes and yes, they all look cool!
> The Neptune Paper Airplane The Neptune paper airplane is a zippy little starship with forward looking weapons pods. It's a little tricky to fold and requires extra trimming. Medium to light paper is recommended for this model. The design is based on the work of Campbell Morris.
> The Willow Paper Airplane The Willow paper plane is a canard flyer with real control surfaces near the nose which allow an extra measure of expirementation. This craft looks more complex that it really is to fold. It works best with medium to heavy weight paper.
This story has been updated
The White House is forcefully pushing back on former car czar Steve Rattner's upcoming book about their time in Washington, specifically the allegation that Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel once blurted "Fuck the UAW" when told that tens of thousands of autoworkers' jobs were at stake in the restructuring of the auto industry.
In "Overhaul", as first reported by Huffington Post on Thursday, Rattner offers an insider's account of the Obama administration's rescue of the auto industry, pulling no punches when it comes to describing the foibles of such heavyweights as Emanuel, Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner, economic adviser Larry Summers and FDIC chair Sheila Bair.
While not specifically denying that Emanuel uttered those words, a White House aide rejected the implication that the chief of staff wasn't looking out for workers toiling at GM and Chrysler.
"Throughout the entire process that saved the auto industry, Rahm tirelessly defended and advocated on behalf of the autoworkers," the aide said. "Any suggestion to the contrary is simply ridiculous."
And UAW President Bob King doesn't seem to be offended.
"If it wasn't for Rahm Emanuel,... if it wasn't for President Obama and the Democratic leadership in the House and Senate, we wouldn't have an auto industry. Millions of more people would be out of work today," King told CNBC on Friday morning. (Watch at the 3:00 mark)
"They have done nothing but to help the middle class in America. I appreciate the Obama administration. I appreciate what they have done for workers in general. Did they do good for the auto industry?
Forget Beads: Cajun Mardi Gras Means A Grand, Drunken Chicken Chase
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carol Guzy/Washington Post/Getty Images Carol Guzy/Washington Post/Getty Images
Mardi Gras is about ephemera, the thrill of the chase. In New Orleans, that's cajoling a strand of special glass beads or a glittered coconut from the hands of a stranger high up on a parade float. But the moment that trinket is nabbed, the recipient might think: Now what am I going to do with this?
Cajun Mardi Gras, however, in the small towns south and west of New Orleans, raises no such question. Because what you aim to catch is very useful. And edible.
It's a squawking, flapping live chicken.
Courir de Mardi Gras translates roughly as "the run of the Mardi Gras." Instead of a parade in which gifts are tossed to onlookers, in this Mardi Gras tradition, the participants themselves become beggars. And the term "mardi gras" is used to refer to the group itself, not just the holiday. Costumed in tattered, homemade fringe and calico rags, their faces covered by hand-painted wire mesh masks, the "mardi gras" revelers ramble house to house — dancing, drinking and collecting ingredients for a big pot of gumbo. All the while they sing:
Les Mardi Gras s'en vient de tout partout
Tout le tour autour du moyeu
Ça passe un fois par an
Demander la charité
Quand même si c'est une patate...
The Mardi Gras come from all around
From all around the center
They pass once a year
To ask for charity
Even if it's a potato ...
"Even if it's a skinny chicken, we'll take it," they later sing, in lyrics laid down by the Balfa Brothers, Cajun music icons of the mid-20th century.
Enlarge this image toggle caption David Simpson/St. Landry Parish Tourist Commission/AP David Simpson/St. Landry Parish Tourist Commission/AP
Music is as integral to Cajun Mardi Gras as food, with fiddle, accordion and guitar players riding with the party. A capitain keeps everyone in check, barking orders and wrangling the party — anywhere from a few dozen to a few hundred people. On foot, or in trailers drawn by horses or tractors, they set out in early morning mist.
It's a planned route – the hosts at each stop know what they're getting into. "And they don't always make it easy," says Ray Brassieur, a professor of anthropology at the University of Louisiana Lafayette and a Mardi Gras guitar player. The group waits while their capitain gets the OK from the head of household.
"Then comes the chasing part, the fun," Brassieur explains. "The host may get up on the roof." They throw the chicken from up there down to the crowd. "Sometimes they give a guinea hen," they say, "and those sure can be hard to catch. They run fast, might even fly up in a tree."
Keep in mind the alcohol drinking starts around 8 a.m. "Or even just continues from the night before," they say.
Actually catching a chicken while running through a muddy field, inebriated and in costume? "It's quite a feat of chance," says Guy Martin Plauche Wenzel. "So when you actually get it in your hands, you think you are dreaming. That is also an interesting thing about the run ... it reverts you back to a more primitive state, where you have to run after your food."
It's that communal experience, that "primitive state," that draws Wenzel back each year to their rural Louisiana roots. Around the small town of Chataignier, they play fiddle in the local Mardi Gras. He's an industrial designer in Los Angeles the rest of the year.
At the halfway point each year, their group stops at the grave of Dennis McGee, a famous Cajun fiddler, where Wenzel and the other musicians play in tribute, and leave an offering of beer or whiskey.
Megan Brown is a rarity: a young, female capitaine. It's hard to imagine their soft, sweet voice whipping a crowd of drunks into shape, much less brandishing a bull whip (handmade!). But to her, "Mardi Gras is all about reversal of everyday roles."
In French, they ask each hosts what they can give – rice? onion? a chicken? – before unleashing their revelers on their property. Them group of 25 or so has an annual gas station stop for boudin, a Cajun pork sausage made with liver and rice, to keep them fueled as they sprint after stray poultry.
But the chicken chase these days is mostly for entertainment. Cooks stay behind to start the roux for gumbo, while the party makes its route. By mid-afternoon, it's ready for them.
What does gumbo for 400 look like? Big pots? "More like industrial-sized vats," Wenzel says, "perched on stands over propane flames, cooked outside." The gumbo is not as good as their mom's, but "you're tired, cold, so it always tastes great."
It's at meal time that the masks come off, so everyone can see who's who — and so spoons can get in mouths. Live music continues as the afternoon winds down.
By the time the sun sets on Mardi Gras, the revelers are spent, ready to welcome the fasting and quiet of Ash Wednesday.
Eve Troeh is the news director at member station WWNO in New Orleans.
Photo
SEATTLE — Microsoft has a lot of work to do to win over developers of mobile apps. One of its best hopes for mounting a comeback may be its Xbox game console.
Xbox will be an important part of an event that Microsoft is hosting on Wednesday at its Redmond, Wash., headquarters. The event is dedicated to Windows 10, its latest operating system, which is expected to ship later this year.
Windows 10 isn't a typical update to a Microsoft operating system. It's designed, Microsoft has said, to run on any device — PCs, phones, game consoles and even the tiny embedded computers that make up what's called the Internet of Things.
Applications written for Windows 10 on one of these devices can, with some modification by developers, run on the others. Exactly how much modification is a matter of some debate among developers, partly because Microsoft hasn't yet revealed enough detail on the process. There is a fair amount of developer skepticism that an app written for a PC, with its mouse and keyboard, can easily be tweaked to run on a tablet, which relies on a touchscreen.
If the company can deliver on this vision of universal apps that run across different devices, games could be one of the most intriguing tests of its plan. Games are an area where Microsoft, through Xbox, has a lot of expertise and credibility among developers of consumer software. Games are also the biggest category of apps for mobile phones and are historically one of the big drivers of consumer purchases of new PCs.
Imagine the Windows 10 pitch to game developers: Write a game for Xbox and, without having to reinvent the wheel, offer it on phones and PCs, at least in some form. Players might be able to continue playing portions of an Xbox game on their Windows Phones when they leave the home. Or they might be able to use a traditional game controller to play a first-person shooter game, one originally designed for Xbox, on their phones.
On Wednesday, Microsoft will share more specifics about how this will all work. Last week, Phil Spencer, the head of its Xbox business, said that they would speak at the event.
“We remain committed to gaming on console, but we now we have fans who play games on PCs and phone,” they said in a video. “It's important that we build out the features we have, learning from what we've done on console and helping make Windows 10 the best operating system we've ever created for gamers on PCs.”
Researchers at the University of Rochester have discovered how to make liquid overcome gravity and flow upward along a silicon surface. The essential ingredient, as always: lasers.
The scientists achieved the curious movement by using short laser blasts to carve imperceptible patterns into the silicon sheet. That alone prompts the water molecules to climb upward, without any additional aid:
Unlike a straw, though, there is no outside pressure pushing the liquid up; it rises on its own accord. By creating nanometer-scale structures in silicon, Guo greatly increases the attraction that water molecules feel toward it. The attraction, or hydrophile, of the silicon becomes so great, in fact, that it overcomes the strong bond that water molecules feel for other water molecules. Thus, instead of sticking to each other, the water molecules climb over one another for a chance to be next to the silicon. (This might seem like getting energy for free, but even though the water rises, thus gaining potential energy, the chemical bonds holding the water to the silicon require a lower energy than the ones holding the water molecules to other water molecules.) The water rushes up the surface at speeds of 3.5 cm per second.
Advertisement
A fun party trick, but are there practical applications? Actually, yes! This could be the first step towards new heat regulation strategies for computers. Instead of fans, we may see liquid cooling systems thanks to silicon that can pump its own coolant. That method would be more energy efficient, cost effective, and most importantly a heckuva lot more lasery.
As has been pointed out in the comments, the image above is an optical illusion and here for illustrative purposes only. [University of Rochester via CrunchGear]
Northgard: A Game That Snuck Up The Steam Charts
With so many events happening in the gaming world, it's often easy to miss out on smaller titles being released. Especially amongst the noise of the Nintendo Switch's arrival, and the annoyance of the bugs present within For Honor. That said, one game seems to be worth checking out, as its somehow snuck up the steam charts. That game is a little indie number by the name Northgard.
The premise of the game is simple, and explained on the developers website as such: “After years of tireless explorations, brave Vikings have discovered a new land filled with mystery, danger and riches: Northgard. The boldest Northmen have set sail to explore and conquer these new shores, bring fame to their Clan and write history through conquest, trading, or devotion to the Gods. That is, if they can survive the dire wolves and undead warriors roaming the land, befriend or defeat the giants, and survive the harshest winters ever witnessed in the North.”
Looking at the game, it seems a mix between Civilization and Clash of Clan. You are exploring ever outwards in this small game, and meeting not only opposition but also defending against the natural threats of the wild. These threats seem to range from giants to dragons, so watch out.
The game was produced by Shiro Games, and has only just been released. However, it has somehow flown up the Steam charts to the Top ten's, so give it a check. It's a pretty cheap by and seems like fun.
Let us know in the comment's on what you think of the new little indie title, and wheter you have it or will be picking it up.
Follow us on Twitter to keep up with the latest posts, or to recommend a game for the team to review: @TheSaveSpot1
The Reddit app banned from Google's Android mobile-app store, ostensibly for linking to pornography, will soon return, its creator announced late Tuesday night.
The odd circumstances that saw Reddit Is Fun jettisoned from Google Play show why the laws governing Google's marketplace need a rewrite.
Under Google's official content policies, applications are forbidden from “containing” content that displays or links to “pornography, obscenity, nudity, or sexual activity.”
It's understandable that Google doesn't want to be in the business of selling pornographic content. But it's that “link” language in Google's policy that makes things murky.
According to Andrew Shu, Reddit Is Fun's creator, Google Play dumped their app because it linked to sexually explicit forums on Reddit.
At face value, that seems fair enough. But hold on a second. Google offers its Chrome browser for free at the Google Play marketplace. That application certainly should fall under the same set of rules as Reddit Is Fun, right? Type “porn” into that browser's search bar and your Android device will serve up links to “pornography, obscenity, nudity, or sexual activity.” Use Google Images, and it may even display that content.
So why isn't Google Chrome banned as well?
The distinction is only known to Google employees, apparently. By a literal reading of Google's own rules, Chrome—or any other Web browser—should be off the market.
But we can take a guess.There's only one real difference, after all.
With an ordinary browser, you've got to search for your pornography. Reddit Is Fun links directly to pornographic sections from a main menu. Those sections, in turn, link to external pornographic sites. It's a two- or three-step process to reach sexually explicit content. But you don't have to search for it.
The distinction seems specious: What's the difference between typing the word “porn” into a search bar and clicking voluntarily on a link to a section clearly labeled “NSFW” (not safe for work)?
As Shu noted in a Reddit post:
“The primary issue is the linking to sexually explicit reddits [sections of Reddit] and potentially other policy-violating reddits like any condoning hate speech, gratuitous violence, etc.”
In other words, linking to pornography is OK on an Android device so long as the links appear via a search.
Shu is rewriting their app so that the default settings don't include links to subreddits which, in turn, might link to websites displaying pornography, hate speech, or violence. (You can still get to those websites, mind you—and any racy images will display just fine in Google's built-in mobile Web browser.)
Rules are rules. We can't fault Google for enforcing them. We can, however, fault the company for not making the rules clear. And for enforcing them spottily.
You can hardly fault Shu for assuming their apps were safe.
BaconReader, another Reddit browser that links to NSFW sections, is still available at Google Play. As is Chandroid, an app that lets users browse 4chan, an image board filled with pornography and depictions of violence.
Keep in mind that many people's livelihoods depend on the virtual marketplace. Google will take down an offending app before giving developers a chance to respond. Instead, the company forces them instead to go through an appeals process after the fact. Shu's app has been down for almost two days.
Which is more offensive: a mobile app that links to the exact same pornography Google provides with a simple search, or cutting off someone's livelihood because your rules aren't clear?
Image by Naoki Seto
Government responded
This response was given on 12 September 2011
This e-petition has reached 100,000 signatures. The Government has notified the Backbench Business Committee in the House of Commons who will consider its suitability for debate when Parliament returns in September. This e-petition will remain live, and people will be able to continue adding their signatures.
As you may be aware, the House of Commons debated the recent public disorder when Parliament was recalled on 11 August 2011 and there was an opportunity for MPs to address the substance of this e-petition. This does not preclude a decision by the Backbench Business Committee to schedule a further debate on this issue when the House of Commons returns from the summer recess.
In the meantime, we would like to update you on the Government's current position on the substance of this e-petition.
Prisoners convicted of a criminal offence and detained in prison are not entitled to social security benefits. That means that anyone who is eligible for social security benefits and who is caught, convicted and imprisoned for any offence committed during the recent disorder that has disrupted London and other UK cities will be disqualified from receiving social security payments. The Department for Work and Pensions is also looking at whether further sanctions can be imposed on the benefit entitlements of individuals who receive non custodial sentences. In addition the Department is considering increasing the level of fines which can be deducted from benefit entitlement.
In relation to social housing, it is already a ground for eviction if a tenant or a member of their family is involved in anti-social behaviour or criminal activity in their local neighbourhood. Ministers have encouraged social landlords to use these powers, and a number of local authorities have pledged to do so. The Department for Communities and Local Government is consulting on proposals to allow such evictions to take place where the criminal activity takes place outside the vicinity of the local neighbourhood; more information is available to view here: http://www.communities.gov.uk/statements/newsroom/publicdisorder.
Gavin Barwell MP was allocated a half-day in Westminster Hall in Backbench time for a wider debate on the response to the riots. This took place on 13 October 2011. A transcript of the debate can be found at http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201011/cmhansrd/cm111013/halltext/111013h0001.htm#11101334000002
Federal Government Jeopardizes Navajo Family's Ties To Its Home
Enlarge this image toggle caption Felicia Fonseca/AP Felicia Fonseca/AP
At 89 years old, Stella Peshlakai Smith shuffles around their Arizona yard in white tennis shoes and a long traditional Navajo skirt. They point to their ceremonial home, called a hogan. "My father made this one [almost 100 years ago]," Smith says. Them modern house sits next door.
Over the past few centuries, families settled on what is now the Wupatki National Monument in Flagstaff, Ariz. The National Park Service says Smith is the only person authorized to live on that land. They were born a year before the land became a national monument and the Park Service has given them special permission to stay.
Them descendants want the right to live there, too, but the Park Service has told them they will have to leave when Smith dies.
Five generations have buried their umbilical cords here, a Navajo tradition that ties them to the land. After the U.S. Army forced thousands of Navajos to walk 400 miles to Fort Sumner in the 1860s, the Peshlakai family settled here.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Felicia Fonseca/AP Felicia Fonseca/AP
Smith's daughter, Helen Peshlakai Davis, translates as their mother speaks in the Navajo language, Diné. Smith says they want to stay put until their day comes and she'd like to see their grandkids and great-grandkids continue to live there, too. It doesn't look like that will happen.
In the mid-'90s, with the help of a nonprofit, the Park Service bought 2 acres of land about 15 miles from Wupatki for Peshlakai Davis, their husband and their two kids. They have since sold the land and moved back to the monument with Smith.
"It's not fair," Peshlakai Davis says. "The Park Service is telling us we cannot live here because this is our home. This is why we're fighting for it."
Kayci Cook Collins, the superintendent of national monuments in the Flagstaff area, is thinking about more than just the Smith family.
"Our mandate is to preserve what makes this a nationally significant place for all people, for all families," Collins says. "To grant a special right for one family doesn't serve the purpose of Wupatki National Monument as part of the national park system."
Collins says 13 tribes are traditionally associated with Wupatki.
"There are many different peoples, many different individuals, many different families that claim a connection to Wupatki National Monument," Collins says. "As do thousands and thousands of visitors that come to see what is their history as well."
Collins says when the Davis family accepted the land buyout, it gave up any claim to Wupatki. The Peshlakais have no legal existing private property right, they say. But for Stella and their family it's shighan, the Navajo word for home.
What's the real meaning of patriotism? The left and right present radically different visions of what patriotism means
In the last two weeks, the Supreme Court has allowed police in Arizona to demand proof of citizenship from people they stop on other grounds (while throwing out the rest of Arizona's immigration law), and has allowed the federal government to require everyone buy health insurance — even younger and healthier people — or pay a penalty.
What do these decisions — and the national conversations they've engendered — have to do with patriotism? A great deal. Because underlying them are two different versions of American patriotism.
Advertisement:
The Arizona law is aimed at securing the nation from outsiders. The purpose of the heatlhcare law is to join together to provide affordable health care for all.
The first version of patriotism is protecting America from people beyond our borders who might otherwise overrun us — whether immigrants coming here illegally or foreign powers threatening us with aggression.
The second version of patriotism is joining together for the common good. That might mean contributing to a bake sale to raise money for a local school or volunteering in a homeless shelter. It also means paying our fair share of taxes so our community or nation has enough resources to meet all our needs, and preserving and protecting our system of government.
This second meaning of patriotism recognizes our responsibilities to one another as citizens of the same society. It requires collaboration, teamwork, tolerance, and selflessness.
The Affordable Care Act isn't perfect, but in requiring younger and healthier people to buy insurance that will help pay for the healthcare needs of older and sicker people, it summons the second version of patriotism.
Too often these days we don't recognize and don't practice this second version. We're shouting at each other rather than coming together — conservative versus liberal, Democrat versus Republican, native-born versus foreign born, non-unionized versus unionized, religious versus secular.
Advertisement:
Our politics has grown nastier and meaner. Negative advertising is filling the airwaves this election year. We're learning more about why we shouldn't vote for someone than why we should.
As I've said before, some elected officials have substituted partisanship for patriotism, placing party loyalty above loyalty to America. Just after the 2010 election, the Senate minority leader was asked about their party's highest priority for the next two years. You might have expected them to say it was to get the economy going and reduce unemployment, or control the budge deficit, or achieve peace and stability in the Middle East. But they said the highest priority would be to make sure the President did not get a second term of office.
Our system of government is America's most precious and fragile possession, the means we have of joining together as a nation for the common good. It requires not only our loyalty but ongoing vigilance to keep it working well. Yet some of our elected representatives act as if they don't care what happens to it as long as they achieve their partisan aims.
The filibuster used to be rarely used. But over the last decade the threat of a filibuster has become standard operating procedure, virtually shutting down the Senate for periods of time.
Advertisement:
Meanwhile, some members of the House have been willing to shut down the entire government in order to get their way. Last summer they were even willing to risk the full faith and credit of the United States in order to achieve their goals.
In 2010 the Supreme Court opened the floodgates to unlimited money from billionaires and corporations overwhelming our democracy, on the bizarre theory that corporations are people under the First Amendment. Congress won't even pass legislation requiring their names be disclosed.
Some members of Congress have signed a pledge — not of allegiance to the United States but of allegiance to a man named Grover Norquist, who has never been elected by anyone. Norquist's “no-tax” pledge is interpreted only by Norquist, who says closing a tax loophole is tantamount to raising taxes and therefore violates the pledge.
Advertisement:
True patriots don't hate the government of the United States. They're proud of it. Generations of Americans have risked their lives to preserve and protect it. They may not like everything it does, and they justifiably worry then special interests gain too much power over it. But true patriots work to improve the U.S. government, not destroy it.
But these days some Americans loathe the government, and are doing everything they can to paralyze it, starve it, and make the public so cynical about it that it's no longer capable of doing much of anything. Norquist says they want to shrink it down to a size it can be “drowned in a bathtub.”
When arguing against paying their fair share of taxes, some wealthy Americans claim “it's my money.” They forget it's their nation, too. And unless they pay their fair share of taxes, American can't meet the basic needs of our people. True patriotism means paying for America.
Advertisement:
So when you hear people talk about patriotism, be warned. They may mean securing the nation's borders, not securing our society. Within those borders, each of us is on our own. These people don't want a government that actively works for all our citizens.
Yet true patriotism isn't mainly about excluding outsiders seen as our common adversaries. It's about coming together for the common good.
The Denver skyline and the Rocky Mountains. (Hart Van Denburg/CPR News) Denver's need for things like new roads, parks, transportation options and police stations is giving way to what would be the largest bond in the city's history.
The city is looking to swipe its credit card for just about everything. With more than 400 projects on the list, the biggest single item is deferred maintenance. Transportation is another big splash, with the proposed bus rapid transit on Colfax as a prime example. Anyone who drives on Denver streets will appreciate that the city wants to dump more $400 million into all kinds of transportation projects and into just simply repaving streets.
The city council has refered the question to the ballot and voters will decide if the package can go ahead. What's more, The Denver Post reports that voters will face seven questions, as the total package will be broken up by category for votes.
How Is This Different Than Better Denver Bond, Passed 10 Years Ago?
It's essentially the same thing, but bigger. The Better Denver Bond brought in $550 million dollars in 2007 for public projects. These bonds are essentially like a mortgage on your house. The city wants to borrow money and pay it back with interest over time — it's pretty much a standard way that cities pay for improvements. It should be noted that Denver has the highest credit rating possible, so it'll get a favorable interest rate. The money to pay back the bond comes from property taxes.
So Are My Property Taxes Are Going To Go Up?
Now, the city says the tax rate will not increase if this bond is approved by voters in November. Which is technically true — they don't have to raise the tax rate, because property values have increased so much. And taxes have increased with them.
What Happens To Property Taxes If Voters Say No?
The tax rate would go down, but not necessarily the amount you pay in taxes because your property values have gone up so much. But, the ten year old Better Denver bond, is running out. Residents are essentially voting to continue borrowing money for these kinds of upgrade projects. That's what makes this such a big decision. Invest in the roads and police stations -- in museums, parks and libraries -- or let the tax rate fall. A vote in either direction will have an impact.
Isn't This Essentially A Stimulus Package For Denver?
The last time voters approved a bond like this, the Better Denver bond, the Great recession hit the next year. The money was supposed to be doled out over 10 years, but then mayor-John Hickenlooper was able to accelerate project timetables as a stimulus, pumping $200 million a year into the economy at its lowest point. If voters approve this new bond, Mayor Michael Hancock would also have the same tools to stimulate the local economy if needed.
City Council Had Their Say, But The Final Word Belongs To Voters Right?
Right on the money. A significant political campaign is expected for this once election season gets here. Backers have raised more than $800,000 already. Most observers think it has a strong chance of passing, since Denverites have been generally open to paying for city services. But remember, because home prices have risen so dramatically in the past 10 years, that's the wildcard factor. People have seen their taxes go up substantially and homeowners may still be in sticker shock over their latest assessment.
Editor's Note: This story has been updated to reflect that the city council has approved the bond package, referring it to the ballot so that voters will decide on the improvements.
community,
It's not every day an endangered species comes to your school but that's what happened at Katoomba Public last month when an 18-month-old bilby called Wilson dropped by for a visit. Brought down by Save the Bilby Foundation CEO Kevin Bradley, it was a way of thanking the students, especially class 4/5P, for bringing to light concerns about the bilby's plight. Instead of being treated as one of the country's treasures, the long nosed, long eared marsupial bilby was slowly disappearing, they said. But schools like Katoomba were now officially "infected with what we call bilby fever," spreading the word about the endangered species. Wilson lives in Dreamworld where there is a wildlife park and conservation breeding program for bilbies. He's regularly out in the community as an "education animal" and loved their Mountains sojourn. Mr Bradley, who works in Charleville, North Queensland, picked Wilson up on the way, helped by Louie Vassallo from Featherdale Wildlife Park, long- standing supporters of the Save the Bilby fund. Mr Bradley said it was "more important than ever that schools like Katoomba raise public awareness". "Australia has one of the worst mammal extinction records in the world with 28 species of mammals already gone forever and another 25 per cent of our mammals are under current and increasing threat of extinction." They called the Katoomba students, who won a national competition to help save the bilby, the "change-makers of the future" working "to improve some of the negative impacts we have had through our own lack of education and understanding". "Kevin and Wilson travelled all the way from North Queensland especially to present us gifts and treat us to an inspiring and educational talk about the plight of the bilby," said teacher Tracey McManus. "Only three schools in the whole of Australia won and we were the only school from NSW," they said. After a whole school presentation, 4/5P heard about "the destruction of bilbies and their habitat due to feral animal introduction and how the foundation is rehabilitating them and the positive future of the bilbies thanks to support from many organisations, including school students," they said. Mrs McManus called it a "once in a lifetime experience for our students and staff - one that they will carry with them forever", adding that their students were very concerned to hear there were only 200 bilbies left in the wild in Queensland. Mr Bradley said Mountains residents could adopt a bilby buddy this Christmas. "It's a unique Christmas gift that will directly assist us to support our bilbies and further promote the message about bilbies and other threatened Australian animals." For more information, go to www.savethebilbyfund.org.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/silverstone-feed-data/ab83a6c2-51f3-44da-99f7-07dc8e5c6054.jpg/r0_104_2047_1261_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
Trudeau-mania is alive and well in Winnipeg.
As Canadians toasted the prime minister-elect in most regions of the country on Monday night, the local chapter of the Liberal machine happily painted Winnipeg red, claiming Tory ridings in Winnipeg South Centre, Winnipeg South, St. Boniface-St. Vital, Kildonan-St. Paul, and — most shockingly of all — Charleswood-St. James-Assiniboia-Headingley, where Steven Fletcher was routed by upstart ER physician Doug Eyolfson.
“There are a lot of things the Liberal Party has said they want to do, and I'm excited to be a part of that,” a beaming Eyolfson, who had taken a leave of absence from their job as an emergency room physician six months ago to campaign in a riding few believed they could actually win.
Kevin Lamoureux, who entered election night as the only Liberal MP in Manitoba, also scored a resounding victory in Winnipeg North. In addition to Eyolfson, he'll now be joined on the Liberal benches by Manitoba colleagues Dan Vandal, Jim Carr, Terry Duguid, MaryAnn Mihychuk, and Robert-Falcon Ouellette — all first-time winners on Monday night.
Ouellette, a year almost to the day removed from losing in their bid to become Winnipeg's mayor, said working to win Winnipeg Centre away from longtime NDP incumbent Pat Martin was an arduous but worthwhile process.
“Door-to-door, day in, day out. We've been doing it since April, talking to people on the doorsteps, just connecting to people and talking to them about what we want to see happen,” Ouellette said. “We knew we had a good base to start with, but at the end of the day that handshake and talking to people about what they want to have in their community, what they want to see for their community.”
Across the province, the Liberals claimed more than 44% of the popular vote, the Tories had 39%, and the NDP only had 12.7%. The results were slightly stronger for the Liberals in Winnipeg.
Earlier in the day, voters told the Sun they had tired of the Harper government and wanted them out.
“What I see is many Canadians dissatisfied with the way the current government is being operated,” said Jane Puchniak. “I contacted everyone I could get hold of today to make sure they vote because I'm very concerned for our continued collective prosperity.”
Nowhere was the desire for change more apparent than in St. James, where Steven Fletcher — the area's MP for the past 11 years — went down in spectacular fashion to Eyolfson, a relative unknown who benefitted from the NDP replacing their candidate midway through the campaign. There had been talk in recent days that Fletcher may have been in trouble, a thought that would have been dismissed and mocked only weeks earlier.
Gordon Giesbrecht, who failed to hold Winnipeg South for the Tories, said it was a bad night for the party that they and other local candidates couldn't fight.
“When Steven Fletcher loses, I certainly can't hang my head here,” they said. “This is part of the crimson tide across the country.”
Only one Winnipeg riding didn't go Liberal. A dramatic race in Elmwood-Transcona ended with NDPer Daniel Blaikie — the son of former longtime area MP Bill Blaikie — besting Conservative incumbent Lawrence Toet by a mere 51 votes. A recount is not required under the Elections Act but could still be requested.
— With files from Kevin King
In a widely-distributed B.C. NDP election ad, party leader John Horgan strolls through what appears to be an exclusive neighbourhood, mansions just out of view.
"Christy Clark gave the richest two per cent a billion-dollar tax break," they tell the camera in the spot, currently running on television and social media.
"Meanwhile," they add, "the rest of us are paying $1,000 more each year. Think about it: she's taking from you and giving to them."
But do those statements bear up to a CBC fact check?
We put the NDP's claims to a public finance expert at Simon Fraser University (SFU).
The verdict: the professor took serious issue with the first statement, but agreed with the second.
'A false fact'
"Their first claim about the tax break of $1 billion for the rich — that is, people (earning) over $150,000 — really doesn't have a passing mark. It does funny things with the math," said J. Rhys Kesselman, who works with SFU's School of Public Policy.
The expert went on to say the claim was an "outright fail or 'false fact.'"
Professor J. Rhys Kesselman of SFU's school of public policy gave a failing grade to a B.C. NDP claim. (Mike Zimmer, CBC)
The problem, according to Kesselman, is that the NDP used "creative accounting" and "fudgy" arithmetic to arrive at the $1 billion figure.
So, where could that number have come from?
Back in 2014, the B.C. Liberals brought in higher taxes for top income earners.
The tax bracket for those earning more than $150,000 per year generated $250 million for the provincial government in 2014 and 2015 — but it was a temporary measure that expired, as scheduled, in 2016.
On Tuesday, the B.C. NDP told CBC News that the claim about "a billion-dollar tax break" for the rich assumes that, if the tax hadn't been eliminated, $250 million would have continued to roll in year after year.
If you multiply that by the standard four-year government term, you end up with $1 billion in revenue from the tax breaks.
Kesselman said that's "a nice large number," but feels it's a bit of a construct based on a tax hike that was killed, rather than a tax cut that was implemented for good.
"It was clear that [the levy] was not permanent," the expert said. "To stretch that times four years [since] it was only in place two years, that seems like a real stretch in terms of a claim."
To complicate matters, Horgan's next line in the political ad refers to annual costs, possibly creating the impression the $1-billion tax cut claim is also a yearly figure, rather than one that accumulated over four years.
'We totally stand by' ad: B.C. NDP
The NDP is sticking by its message.
"We totally stand by these figures" said Glen Sanford, the party's deputy campaign director. "[They're] totally fine. What we are saying is that the very wealthiest got a billion-dollar tax break."
Sanford said they aren't involved in the making of the party's campaign ads, which were done internally.
Asked if the ad should have been clearer, Sanford said they think it's a "very fair breakdown" of the numbers.
"What we are comparing is priorities, and who benefits under a Christy Clark government. What we're saying is the top two per cent have done well by her, while everyone else is paying the price."
Second claim gets an 'A'
Time frames aside, is the second claim about "the rest of us paying $1,000 more each year" correct?
Kesselman said they like that statement a lot better than the first one.
"The second one is right on — maybe even an 'A,'" the expert says.
"The average family at moderate and middle incomes — and even higher incomes — has been socked for an extra thousand [dollars] a year due to ICBC hikes, BC Hydro hikes and medical services plan hikes ... and that's really the most regressive way to get revenues for the government."
As for their assessment on the NDP's "creative accounting," Kesselman shrugged.
"My level of expectation from political campaigns, [after] surviving the American [presidential] campaign, is so low. But you know, this is not Trump-level lying — this is sort of within the range of normal."
The Port of San Diego last week approved the $1.2 billion development called Seaport that makes way for new hotels, park land and attractions along the downtown waterfront.
“This is the biggest project that we've ever undertaken in the time that I've been here,” said Commissioner Robert “Dukie” Valderrama, who has been on the board since 2005. “I think it's the biggest undertaking that the port has ever taken since its inception.”
Seaport would cover about 70 acres of land and water along downtown's Central Embarcadero — the land just south of the USS Midway where the waterfront bends around Seaport Village and Ruocco Park — and replace those landmarks with two hotels, a hostel, a 480-foot Spire, an aquarium, acres of public parks, retail space, a charter school, underground parking and a revitalized marina.
There is much at stake.
That land belongs to the public, and though the port acts as its flight attendant, San Diegans are ultimately responsible for assuring it's developed for the greatest public good. As it stands today, many stakeholders support Seaport, and have helped craft its development.
But the port has a well-documented history of ignoring or changing plans behind the scenes, piece by piece, to suit its commissioners' ambitions — as evidenced by changes to the North Embarcadero Visionary Plan, a one-mile stretch of land just north of Seaport detailed in a recent inewsource story.
In light of that history, inewsource has compiled a list of four things that have the potential to change Seaport's design, footprint and use. These are things the public should watch closely.
Shades of the North Embarcadero
By far the biggest criticism of the port's North Embarcadero Visionary Plan was, and still is, the amount of land designated for the public along its one-mile strip.
The visionary plan, and resulting Port Master Plan Amendment, called for a large oval park at the foot of Broadway Pier, parks on Navy and Broadway Piers, and rebuilt, publicly accessible piers at the end of Grape Street. Today, Broadway Pier hosts an overflow cruise ship terminal that generates very little income and sits empty most days. Navy Pier, alongside the USS Midway, is still a parking lot. The Grape Street piers are rotting and inaccessible, and the oval park is nonexistent.
The Seaport proposal dedicates 75 percent of its 40 acres of land “to parks and public open space” with esplanades, plazas, a public pier, beaches and a rooftop park. “Seaport has been thoughtfully planned,” the proposal reads, “always keeping in mind that the Port's tidelands belong to the public…”
Yehudi Gaffen, who is leading the project, told inewsource in August, “That 75 percent, I believe, will be there whatever configuration” the project ends up taking.
Yet in a supplemental report submitted by Seaport to the port district, the developers dropped that number to 70 percent if certain elements — such as the proposed pool or beaches — are not approved by regulatory agencies.
“The number 75 is not a critical number to me,” Port Commissioner Bob Nelson said at last week's public meeting, and clarified that although they wanted to see it “up around 70 to 75 percent,” there is a “little bit of flexibility in this.”
The old men and the sea
There was once a booming commercial fishing industry in San Diego, one that employed thousands of workers and defined the city as “The Tuna Capital of the World.” Those halcyon days died decades ago, and a thriving “working waterfront” has remained a dream among today's aging generation of fishermen.
Seaport aims to make that dream a reality.
Part of Gaffen's plan is to revive that legacy industry by capitalizing on the findings of a 2010 study that suggested linking San Diego Bay's two commercial fishing marinas, Tuna Harbor and Driscoll's Wharf, and investing in aquaculture and new construction.
San Diego's commercial fishermen, by nature a skeptical and solitary bunch, have come together to work with Gaffen to hash out that vision: Who will run the day-to-day at the docks? Will the fishermen mix with yachts and other tourists in the marina waters, or will they be able to call it home? Who's going to pay to fix infrastructure problems at both harbors?
We are giving out the following handsome rewards to the top 10000 players who earn the highest Master scores between 5:00 p.m., May 31 and 5:00 p.m., June 30 (PT):
1st – 1000th Players:
1 seer's globe
20 upcoming card pack tickets
5000 vials
1001st – 10000th Players:
10 upcoming card pack tickets
2500 vials
– Rewards are scheduled to be given out in the first half of July.
– Master score can be earned in Master ranked matches.
– Seer's globes are items that you can use to turn normal cards into animated cards. To use a seer's globe, open an individual card's Details window.
– Upcoming card pack tickets can be used once the next card pack is released. At that time it will be possible to see how many tickets you have. Until then it's possible to check the Log tab of your crate to see a record of upcoming card pack tickets and other items you've claimed in the past week.
Shadowverse Team
Were Bill O'Reilly any kind of actual journalist who held themselves to some standard of accountability, he'd be abjectly apologizing to former Rep. Gary Condit right now, and properly demonstrating some circumspection in drawing broad political conclusions from a single tragic but otherwise fairly simple criminal case.
But no.  They are Bill O'Reilly, after all.
Remember that O'Reilly was one of the leaders in the torch-bearing Get Condit mob: They wrote columns all but accusing Condit of culpability in Levy's murder. On their Fox News show, they featured obsessively regular updates on the Levy case, including segments suggesting Condit was about to be arrested by the FBI.
Now that Condit has been officially exonerated, though, no apology or even acknowledgment of wrongdoing is forthcoming, of course. Not from many others who behaved similarly, and certainly not from Bill O'Reilly.
Instead, O'Reilly is using the Levy case, as they did on their Fox show last night, to play one of their favorite rhetorical games: linking immigration to crime by pointing out that it was in fact an illegal immigrant who's been charged in Levy's death.
You may remember that a few weeks ago The New York Times editorial page implied that I am a racist for reporting the truth about illegal alien crimes. This is another example of blatant press dishonesty in America. The media's cover-up of alien crime is massive. A new study coming to light through the federal 287-G program says that in the Phoenix area, 22 percent of all felonies are committed by illegal aliens. In the Chicago area, 19 percent of all prison inmates are illegal. In Collier County, Florida, more than 20 percent of all arrests are for crimes allegedly committed by illegals, and on and on. In fact, according to federal data, about a half million serious crimes have been committed by illegal aliens over the past 10 years. Both political parties are at fault, as is the pro-amnesty media. Republicans wanted business to have cheap labor. Democrats sought the votes that come with migrant residency. And the far-left press believes the USA is oppressive and cruel if it does not grant citizenship to poor migrants. Add all that up and you have a perfect storm of immigration chaos. And thousands of Americans have been badly hurt by it, not to mention thousands of illegal aliens themselves, who have been brutalized and exploited.
Well, we certainly remember O'Reilly's big squall when the NYT called them out. And yet here they are, indulging in precisely the same grotesque, eliminationist scapegoating of illegal immigrants they called them out for. They obviously don't get what the problem is.
The problem is this:
There is no evidence to indicate that undocumented immigrants are more likely to commit crimes than American citizens; indeed, the evidence strongly suggests that immigrants in general are less likely to commit crimes. For instance, a 2005 study conducted by researchers from Harvard University and the University of Michigan revealed both that immigrants committed fewer crimes than native-born citizens, and that a greater proportion of immigrants in a neighborhood was associated with lower rates of crime. Another study analyzing census data found that among men aged 18-39 (who make up the bulk of those committing crimes), the incarceration rate was five times higher for the native-born than for the foreign-born. This held true within ethnic and national-origin groups, meaning, for instance, that native-born Latinos were more likely to be incarcerated than foreign-born Latinos. A recent study by the Public Policy Institute of California found that in that state, which contains more immigrants than any other, the foreign-born are incarcerated at a rate half as high as their presence in the population, and only one-tenth as high among men age 18-40, who make up the bulk of prisoners. Robert J. Sampson, chairperson of the sociology department at Harvard University, said that data show that undocumented immigrants are in fact "disproportionately less likely to be involved in many acts of deviance, crime, drunk driving, any number of things that sort of imperil our well-being." There have, of course, been individual crimes committed by undocumented immigrants, some of which are quite serious. But in order to justify a particular focus in news programs and the claims of a "crime wave" -- not just a few reports, but the enormous number of stories and discussions we document below -- crimes committed by undocumented immigrants would have to be disproportionate to their numbers. Immigration opponents might argue that any crime committed by an immigrant increases the total amount of crime in the country, but the risk of crime is increased only if the immigrants commit more crimes per person than the native-born, since immigration also increases the population and therefore diffuses the crime risk to any particular person.
Oh, and that 287-G problem that O'Reilly mentions briefly in this screed? The study they references actually draws quite a different conclusion than what O'Reilly wants us to conclude from the factoid strands he's drawn from it:
A federal law granting local police and sheriffs the power to act as immigration officials when faced with dangerous criminals or terrorists has instead created a climate of racial profiling and community insecurity, according to researchers at the UNC School of Law Immigration and Human Rights Clinic. According to the report, one of the unexpected and problematic outcomes of the law is reluctance among immigrants to contact police if they are victims or witnesses of crimes because of the risk of being jailed or deported themselves. Additionally, there are growing concerns that law enforcement officers are targeting Hispanic-appearing individuals for minor traffic offenses. ... "Students studied the contracts between local law enforcement agencies and the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) that grant immigration authority to local law enforcement and found that the agencies we most closely reviewed have failed to comply with these contracts. We found serious erosion of community trust, as well as legal concerns," says Weissman, who adds that the program may be costly for local law enforcement. "There are a number of law enforcement associations who think the program distracts from their core mission." ... Because immigration law is complicated and constantly changing, Weissman notes that many local law enforcement officials may not have the most current information about an individual's true immigration status. What happens to individuals once they are arrested under this program is the subject of another project for Weissman and their team. "The stories we hear are heartbreaking. The implementation of this program does not seem to comport with our time-honored values of due process of law" says Weissman, who believes concerned citizens should become involved with the decisions their local government makes about participating in these and similar programs. "People have to ask themselves what kind of community they want to live in."
O'Reilly's dishonesty is really becoming a monument to behold.
When Edward Snowden revealed the depth and breadth of the National Security Agency's domestic surveillance to journalists a few years ago, the public was shocked — sort of. On one hand, the idea that our government had a bottomless appetite for e-mails, phone calls and texts we once thought private was disturbing. On the other, it was really hard to understand what the NSA was doing and how it was doing it. PRISM? FISA? Somewhere in this alphabet soup was something contrary to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, it seemed, if only the common man could bother to be outraged by it.
This was a point driven home by John Oliver, host of HBO's “Last Week Tonight,” in an interview with Snowden broadcast Sunday. Oliver traveled to Moscow to ask “the most famous hero and/or traitor in recent American history,” as Oliver put it, why they had leaked sensitive government documents.
“The NSA has the greatest surveillance capabilities in American history,” Snowden said, warming up to a subject they have been asked about ad nauseam since they went on the lam. “… The real problem is that they're using these capabilities to make us vulnerable.”
But Oliver wasn't there to be lectured. Veering from profane penis jokes to Edward R. Murrow-mode from moment to moment, they challenged Snowden on stories that mistakenly revealed the names of U.S. intelligence agents. It was improper redactions that led to the revelations — but was Snowden, leaker of the information the stories were based on, responsible for what Oliver called a “f—up”?
“You have to own that thing,” Oliver said. “You're giving documents with information you know could be harmful which could get out there.”
“You will never be completely free from risk if you're free,” Snowden said. “The only time you can be completely free from risk is when you're in prison.”
Oliver then played Snowden some “man-on-the-street” interviews that must have depressed the 31-year-old who acted, they said, in the name of their ideals. The upshot, as one interviewee put it: “I have no idea who Edward Snowden is.”
“You might be able to go home,” Oliver said, “because it seems like no one knows who the f— you are and what the f— you did.”
Snowden, laughing, kept their cool — and spoke up for himself.
“I did this to give the American people a chance to decide for themselves the kind of government they want to have,” Snowden said. “That is a conversation that I think the American people deserve.”
Oliver countered that the NSA may be too technical a subject for the public to get riled up about. They likened the debate about government surveillance to a visit from “the IT guy” at work who smells “like canned soup.”
“Is it a conversation that we have the capacity to have because it's so complicated?” Oliver said. “… Everything you did only matters if we have this conversation properly.”
Oliver then offered a unique proposition: Handing Snowden a snapshot of what Oliver claimed to be their — Oliver's, that is — penis, they asked Snowden to explain which government programs would have access to the very private photo.
“This is the most visible line in the sand for people,” Oliver said. “Can they see my d—?”
“The good news is there's no program named ‘The D— Pic Program,'” Snowden said with a straight face. “The bad news is that they are still collecting everyone's information, including your d— pics.”
Oliver wondered whether, given NSA snooping, everyone should just stop taking illicit photos of their genitalia. Here, Snowden got about as passionate as the pale, stone-faced Snowden gets — and Oliver's audience responded.
“You shouldn't change your behavior because a government agency somewhere is doing the wrong thing,” Snowden said. “If we sacrifice our values because we're afraid, we don't care very much about those values.”
Cue applause — that seemed to drive home Oliver's initial point. By putting the NSA debate in terms, however ridiculous, people can understand, Oliver revived it. At least for 24 hours or so.
“I guess I never thought about putting it in the context of your junk,” Snowden said.
Nihad Awad, the founder and executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), was presented with the Robert Coles “Call of Service” award this weekend at Harvard University to celebrate their work with defending Muslims and for advancing “justice and mutual understanding,” the Washington Free Beacon reports.
The student-run organization, the Phillips Brooke House Association (PBHA), found Awad's work to be quite exemplary and worthy of such an honor, even though Awad and their organization support Hamas and reject Israel's right to exist. Of course, the PBHA has a terrible history of handing the award over to recipients such as former Vice President Al Gore and Black Lives Matter co-founder Alicia Garza and other leftists, but giving it to a terror-tied organization is even more baffling.
As our very own Discover the Networks database explains, Awad's past should easily exclude theirs receiving any praise:
Awad was the public-relations director of the Islamic Association for Palestine - a front for Hamas.
Has fought for the removal of the word “Israel” from Muslim magazine articles and in its place, “Occupied Palestine.”
Awad opened the first CAIR office in Washington, DC with a donation from a Hamas group.
Has complained that “many presidents… are servants to Israel.”
Has spoken multiple times on a Muslim Brotherhood-affiliated website, where they charged the “Christian Right and the pro-Israel lobby” as “extremists.”
Awad also partly blames Israel for the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and America for the 9/11 attacks.
And in spite of that, Harvard believes they deserve a heap of praise for helping Muslims. But it's not sitting well with others outside the leftist academia bubble.
Co-founder and executive director of the American Islamic Congress, Zainab Al-Suwaij, is one of them, calling the PBHA “ignorant” for failing to see Awad's associations in its zeal to crown them with the honor. Al-Suwaij said their organization was formed post-9/11 in response to what they call the Muslim community's “very defensive response” to the attacks. They add that the AIC doesn't play the Islamophobia card like CAIR does and prefers not to portray itself as perpetual victims.
The Jewish campus organization Hillel International sent a letter to Harvard President Drew Fraust criticizing the student group's decision:
"To honor Mr. Awad with such a prestigious award validates and glorifies their extremist views and actions, and provides them a prestigious forum to further their harmful oratory. “We do not seek to ban any speech or speaker, but neither will we stand by when an institution as esteemed as Harvard honors a supporter of terrorist organizations and provides them with a prestigious platform to espouse their hateful views. Until now, PBHA has developed a sterling reputation for public service. With its choice of honoree this year, PBHA is applying its good name and reputation to a normalization or countenance of support for terror. It is wrong for PBHA to teach by way of example that support of terror can be accepted or ignored."
Harvard Hillel executive director Rabbi Jonah Steinberg described the award to Awad as “truly dangerous.” Yet, Harvard has so far refused to respond to the Free Beacon's request for comment. CAIR spokesperson Ibrahim Hooper did respond, eventually, with a vociferous defense of the associations of their organization's founder: “Show forgiveness, speak for justice, and avoid the ignorant.”
And also, avoid the serious issues being raised against Awad, apparently.
To celebrate LGBT Pride Month, GLAAD and Instagram are once again collaborating to share stories of pride, love, and family with #PridePortraits!
You can participate by posting a short video (up to 60 seconds) on your Instagram page throughout the month of June telling the world what Pride means to you. As we mark the one-year anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court's historic ruling in support of marriage equality, and continue the work to achieve full LGBT acceptance in the United States and across the world, show us what makes you proud !
Post your #PridePortraits video story to Instagram and tell us how you live the life you love.
By sharing your #PridePortraits story, you'll be helping to accelerate acceptance for LGBT people everywhere.
Post now using hashtag #PridePortraits. Follow GLAAD on Instagram.
By 2021, Washington, D.C., is expected to get a brand-new bridge crossing the Anacostia River, a bridge so big it's been named the District's largest construction project in history.
Located between Potomac Avenue SE and Suitland Parkway SE at Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue SE, the Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge is expected to complete in two phases with traffic circles on either end and pedestrian and cyclist access improved.
“I think that it is definitely going to have a positive impact and reduce some of the congestion,” McEnearney Associates Realtor Nicole Donald said to Curbed DC. “With new jobs being brought into this area, more people are venturing out onto this side, which in the past people really didn't want to come.”
Donald told Curbed DC that the Southeast quadrant tended to have a negative reputation in the past 10 or 15 years. The words they used to describe the general view of the quadrant was that it was deemed “not as well kept, kind of rundown.”
Now, with this project, they add, “It's making this area a desirable place to live in.”
Neighborhoods like Anacostia are changing in big ways, such as with the 11th Street Bridge Park and the Martin Luther King, Jr. Gateway. With the Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge, these changes are only expected to come even faster.
According to The Washington Post, over 1,300 jobs will be created by this one bridge project. The project is expected to have an economic impact of $787 million for the region.
In a statement to Curbed DC, Mayor Muriel Bowser said, “The project will improve mobility and safety for the more than 70,000 motorists, bicyclists and pedestrians who cross the Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge each day. We have and will continue to prioritize all modes of transport throughout the project's design ... This $441 million initiative is ... expected to have vast positive impact on the local economy.”
When it comes to whether or not the new bridge is even needed in the region, Donald said, “I do think that it is necessary ... The traffic is already bad enough, and they are adding new projects, and that is bringing a lot of jobs. So, you are going to [expect] even more traffic and more people commuting to the area.”
When the designs for the new project were revealed in August 2017, Curbed DC further reported that bridges generally need replacing after 50 years, and the currently standing bridge is reaching its 68th year. The Washington Post further reported that the average bridge in the nation is 43 years old.
Additionally, 63.67 percent of Washington, D.C.'s bridges don't meet contemporary design standards, according to Auto Insurance Center. Out of any other state, D.C. also has the fewest proposed bridge replacements (0.11 percent).
“D.C. is just growing at such a rapid rate,” said Donald, “and I think working on this bridge could help with that.”
• The new Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge, revealed [Curbed DC]
• D.C. unveils plans for new Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge. Take a look (video). [The Washington Post]
The big weekend is inching closer and closer… and we have more news for you! If you find a time conflict and have to miss one of your favorite artists, you can always catch them at an after party! Check out all the information below, with links to buy tickets. Official after parties are reserved for festival ticket holders for a limited time, so make sure you purchase your festival tickets here!
AFTER PARTIES – Click the links to buy tickets!
06/16: Ferry Corsten, Mario Florek, Paul Universe @ Vision Nightclub
06/16: Skrillex @ The Mid
06/16: Joachim Garraud, Designer Drugs @ Soundbar
06/16: Claude Vonstroke @ Spybar
06/16: Benny Benassi, Midnight Conspiracy, Nobody Beats the Drum @ House of Blues
06/16: Morgan Page @ Lumen
06/16: A-Trak, Dillon Francis, Kill the Noise @ Congress Theater
06/16: Gabriel & Dresden @ Kanan Cruises (HOOTERS YACHT PARTY!)
06/17: Carl Cox, Derrick Carter @ Soundbar
06/17: Diplo, Laidback Luke @ House of Blues
Excited? We are. Here's the Willy Joy Official Spring Awakening Mix to calm you down a bit (well really it's probably going to hype you up more. Sorry). Enjoy!
Finally, the inaugural 312 Urban Wheat Ale Road to Soldier Field DJ Contest comes to an end this Wednesday, with the finalists facing off in a battle royale at the MID on May 16th, each performing a 20 minute set to impress the judges and the crowd. The event is FREE ALL NIGHT, so RSVP here!
If you're looking for a preview of the finalists, check them out below…
DJ Jammin Jake – Thinking About You
Haul Pass – ❤
Enoptix & The Robot Dentist – Trick Digital
Dakota – Burnin' Up
DJ Sensei Shunn – Dawn
Shadow the Machine Angel – ReduXx
Advertisements
TUSTIN – The last pin is expected to fall soon at Tustin Lanes, as the family-owned bowling alley gets ready to shut down after 38 years.
Tustin Lanes has been a long-time favorite for leagues and tournaments. Customers say that's because the Old Irvine Boulevard property hung onto affordable prices and a neighborhood feel, even as trendy bowling centers with flashy technology and high-end cocktails popped up around it.
“Tustin Lanes is like home,” bowler Patty Wood said. “It is just so sad.”
The last day of operations will be Oct. 6, according to a worker and frequent customers.
The closure is in keeping with a national trend. There are less than half as many bowling alleys nationwide today as when league play was at its peak in the late 1970s and early 80s, according to Tom Martino, president of the Bowling Proprietor's Association of America.
“Now you have to rely more and more on casual bowlers who come only when they want to. That puts the bowling center in a bad situation,” Martino said, with many businesses now worth less than the real estate they sit on.
Tustin Lane managers didn't respond to multiple requests to discuss the pending closure, though a “Business Closing” banner hangs outside the 42-lane bowling alley and the website states “We are closing soon!”
Wood and their husband, Matt, have bowled in a league at Tustin Lanes just about every Monday night for the past 27 years. Their five-person team is called Aces or Better, and it includes another couple they met at the bowling alley more than 20 years ago.
“I've seen engagements. I've seen people having babies,” Wood said. “These are lifelong friendships we've made with some people.”
Tustin Lanes has been a family affair not only for the customers, but for the owners as well.
Jack Mann, who once owned an orthodontist practice in town, broke ground on the property at the height of the bowling craze in March 1977. Mann had quite the bowling empire, owning for some time Fountain Bowl in Fountain Valley, Regal Lanes in Orange, Kona Lanes in Costa Mesa and another bowling alley in San Dimas.
Competition got stiffer in Tustin in 2008, when Strike Orange County opened a bowling alley at The District. The center, which is now Bowlmor, includes such features as glow-in-the-dark lanes and audio-visual technology.
In 2009, Mann bowed out of the industry when they sold Tustin Lanes to their youngest son, Alex Mann, who also owns Arlington Lanes in Riverside. Within months of taking over, Alex Mann made updates to electronic scoring equipment, decor and signage at the Tustin property.
Along with its 42 bowling lanes, Tustin Lanes offers pool tables, flat-screen TVs and projectors throughout, an arcade, laser tag, two party rooms, a full bar, a snack bar and a pro-shop. Alex Mann told the Register when they took over that they were surveying customers about other possible improvements, but insisted Tustin Lanes would never convert to a trendy center like Bowlmor.
Many bowling alleys that have survived the shifting industry have removed some lanes and added other forms of entertainment such as bumper cars that generate more revenue, Martino said. Many have also embraced high-end food – a trend that's hit shopping malls, airports and other industries, too.
While Tustin Lanes isn't the most modern of bowling alleys, Cynthia Edes said it remains friendly and affordable.
“Where else can you take a family and have a couple sodas and maybe a pizza for the price of one ticket to Disneyland?” they said.
Edes took up bowling at Tustin Lanes nine years ago, to keep up with their then-80-year-old mother. Them mom is 89 now and can no longer bowl, but Edes discovered they liked the sport so much they joined a Thursday league.
As word began to spread about the pending closure, Edes said, “It's really a shame. This will displace over a dozen leagues, which use the alley Monday through Sunday, affecting hundreds of leaguers, other families, church groups and kids birthday party people.”
When the current season ends for Wood's league, they said they'll move over to Irvine Lanes. That bowling center is more than 8 miles away, south of the 405 freeway.
Wood hopes it's just a temporary move, though, with customers and workers holding out hope the owners will open another local bowling center down the road.
“Every year we think we're at the bottom,” Martino said, with owners watching for a year when the industry's steady decline will stop. “But that hasn't been true.”
Proprietors see some glimmers of hope, they said, with a push to get bowling in the 2020 Olympics and attract more young people.
Martino's friend recently opened a new center in Florida with “pin boys,” where staff members replace fallen pins rather than the pinsetting machines that took over more than 50 years ago.
With such nods to nostalgia, owners hope league bowling might see the same sort of revival that's made vinyl and beards cool again.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7963 or BStaggs@OCRegister.com
Image: TBD Catalog
For $60 the EnVisage not only eliminates red-eye in social network pics, it restores hairlines, and removes evidence of drunkenness, lewdness, or otherwise bad behavior. Opposite the EnVisage, there's the $14.99 Reodorizer that makes ereaders smell like paper, mp3 players smell like dusty vinyl, and your Roomba smell like a wet dog when it's raining. Thirty bucks buys 100 Digestif™ pills that allow you to "eat as much as you want; digest only what you need."
The only caveat: none of these products are for sale. They're only found in the catalog of the future.
Near Future Laboratory's TBD Catalog offers products that don't exist yet. This is actually harder than it sounds, not because of the difficulty of imagining new stuff, but because the present keeps catching up.
Julian Bleecker, a Near Future Lab co-founder and creative director of the TBD Catalog, told me that former Wired editor Chris Anderson had already tweeted at them to cheerfully tell them that one of their fake products—the "Child Follow Flying AV"—was already real.
This Is What SkyMall Will Look Like in the Year 2040 http://t.co/TJA4nOFxFn Amazing "design fiction" by @darthjulian pic.twitter.com/mA8uJavlbv
— Joseph Flaherty (@josephflaherty) October 8, 2014
@darthjulian @VECTORCITIES @josephflaherty @GreatDismal We released that in June! https://t.co/cmFFnNcBfm
— Chris Anderson (@chr1sa) October 13, 2014
A brainstorm of products that the TBD team cooked up in October 2012 was already dated by the summer of 2014 and had to be revised. Some speculative products didn't even last that long.
"Some things you imagine and you think, 'oh that'd be weird or cool,' and then the next day you see it on Alibaba, like 10 for 30 bucks," Bleecker said.
Image: Ben Richmond
It takes a certain amount of optimism to estimate that "panda jerky" is only going to run $6/pound in near future, and also promise that it is only sourced from ethically culled from populations of feral, urban pandas.
It's not that the TBD Catalog is utopian or dystopian; its defining characteristic is making the futuristic mundane. "Cracked 3D Star Wars solid models" anticipate a world where 3D printing is cheap and ubiquitous enough for the most frivolous and relatable pursuits.
If you read carefully, there are sly references to how the world has changed throughout the TBD Catalog. Product review blurbs on the "QR Code Renewal Shredding Service" are attributed to a "Zhang" in Uganda and a "Chang" in Cameroon, a nod to China's growing investment in Subsaharan Africa. A review of a $700 heads-up display telescope—do we really not have these yet?—is written by someone in Pyongyang, China.
"It's a very light way to imply change rather than having to do the very didactic work of writing an academic white paper, or long essay bolstering your argument with facts," Bleecker said. "In my mind it's a much more modern way to talk about the future, rather than saying 'here, I will sit in my chair on high and tell you about the future.'"
The TBD Catalog does what science fiction does, but freed from a narrative.
The TBD Catalog does what science fiction does—it could be described science fiction, although "design fiction" is more apt—but freed from being a short story, a novel, a movie or other narrative forms.
Tonally the TBD Catalog shoots for pretty straight-forward ad copy, but sly jokes creep in on the sides. One review of the "A.L. Life Coach" guru software notes how much they like chatting with J.G. Ballard on long commutes, for instance.
The paper is no joke, though. It's not just a question of actually making something to sell, or freezing the content in time by printing it. Bleecker said the rationale for printing felt "less like a rationale and more like a revelation" that emerged while the team was gathered to work on the catalog in San Francisco, where real estate ads and stacks of flyers and postcards still proliferate.
"It struck me that in the future we're imagining [paper] will be around, because people will look for any hook to get people's attention to sell stuff," they said. "It's not all going to be your phone buzzing or hi-tech billboards; someone somewhere is going to say, 'I've got a good rate on printing up 10,000 flyers so I'm going to do that,' because it's less of a hassle than a Google ad buy."
Despite what Wired says, the catalog deliberately resists listing any year; it's just "near future." Given the pace of things, the commitment to plausibility and realism in the products that the catalog is "selling," it doesn't seem like it will be long before the catalog of the future is obviously simply a product of 2014.
The TBD Catalog is in print and therefore already hurtling towards artifact status; to be laughed at while chomping on panda jerky tomorrow.
Department of Veterans Affairs leadership is apparently creating a liars club at Phoenix VA. It is shifting executives accused of lying to Congress to agency facilities in the city following one year of not resolving the wait list or employee retaliation scandals.
Think the moves will help the problem?
VA leadership just announced a trifecta to its previously questionable decisions to move employees with bad reputations. In October, VA announced it was shipping liar Skye McDougall from Los Angeles VA to Phoenix to lead its VISN 18. One week ago, VA announced it was shipping liar Deborah Amdur to Phoenix as director of Phoenix VA. Last Friday, VA announced it was shipping liar Kim Graves to Phoenix RO as assistant director following their demotion.
Different Phoenix VA Locations, Same Club
In case you are confused, Phoenix VA Medical Center is 1 mile from Phoenix Regional Office (RO), and VISN 18 headquarters is 30-minute road trip from these.
How is it that VA leadership could realistically conclude it made sense to ship so many dysfunctional employees with tarnished records into the most troubled VA destination on the map, Phoenix, Arizona? Do they really intend to fix problems at Phoenix? Or are we being misled about VA's intentions?
Skye McDougal Duplicity
Skye McDougal was selected to lead the VISN 18 Southwest Health Care Network after previously being accused of misleading Congress about the wait list. They falsely told Congress the average wait time at Los Angeles VA was 4 days when it was actually 36 days. VA later tried to spin the story after being called on the carpet.
Agency response? Promote.
Deborah Amdur Duplicity
Deborah Amdur is just coming off a stint leading the VA's investigation into the drug scandal at Tomah VA in Wisconsin. There, Tomah VAMC doctors were recklessly and unlawfully prescribing opioids to veterans that resulted in death and injury. Before investigating Tomah, Sen. Kelly Ayotte asked Amdur about a scandal at White Junction VA, where they were the director. Rather than provide a transparent and truthful answer, Amdur misled the senator about prescribing recalled drugs. When confronted, Amdur said, “Absolutely not. I would never mislead a member of Congress.” Now, Amdur will lead Phoenix VA Medical Center.
Agency response? Promote.
Kim Graves Duplicity
Kim Graves was caught manipulating data and giving false statements about the nature of their orchestrated move to St. Paul Regional Office (RO) as its director. Congress found out and requested an investigation by VA OIG. Allegations of wrongdoing were confirmed. They then pled the 5th to Congress when asked about their actions related to proven fraud. VA decided to demote them slightly and send them to Phoenix RO, which many might see as a vacation from the upcoming Minnesota winter.
Agency response? Not terminated. Won't pay the money back, either.
Now, VA leadership has created a literal Liars Club in Phoenix, Arizona. Always leave it to the Federal government to figure out how to take a situation from bad to worse.
Samurai Jack #1 arrived in comic shops on Wednesday and it's been a whirlwind since the launch. The praise from readers and reviewers has been overwhelmingly positive and I'm blown away by all the kindness shown to the comic. Thank you to everyone who has been sending messages, emails, and tweets about the first issue.
• IGN Comics: 8.8/10 “Writer Jim Zub and artist Andy Suriano work in perfect harmony to deliver a comic that captures the distinct tone of the series to the point where you might wonder if this is secretly a lost script from Tartakovsky himself.”
• Newsarama: 8/10 “Samurai Jack is more than just a trip down memory lane. Zub and Suriano may be nostalgia surfing, but they're also shredding new and exciting waves.”
• Alpha Comics: “Zub's wit and hilarious imagination is put to good use with this crazy plot and opportunity to invent some really cool enemies for the chiseled jaw of Jack to growl at.”
• Big Planet Comics: “It matches the style of the show perfectly.”…”If you're a fan of the cartoon it's a ‘must have'.”
• Comic Bastards: 5/5 “Samurai Jack: the comic book shows promise and its first issue is a sterling example of an adaptation done right.”
• Comic Book Bin: 9/10 “Of all the comic books that have debuted this year, Samurai Jack is the purest of them all. It is so free of pretension, yet is still bright and imaginative.”
• Comic Book Communicast: “You open it up and it's like you're watching another episode of the TV series.”…”It's perfect.”
• Comic Book Therapy: 5/5 “Samurai Jack fans rejoice, Zub and Suriano have presented an excellent first issue. IDW is two for two on their Cartoon Network adaptations. Whether you're a longtime Jack fan or someone who's curious what all the fuss is about, check this one out.”
• Comicosity: 8/10 “Jim Zub and Andy Suriano bring a lot of the same imaginative character design and the over-the-top mix of action and humor that made the cartoon work.”
• Fanboy Comics: “Suriano's art is such a dead ringer for the original art that I found myself missing the soundtrack and the effects during my read.”
• Fellowship of the Geeks: “Zub and Suriano have really knocked this one out of the park. It's original where it needs to be, but it's still familiar like an old friend.”
• First Comics News: “…my mind was seeing animation flow from panel to panel, which shows how good the comic is!”
• Flickering Myth: “Jim Zub's writing is pretty spot-on in terms of authenticity, the comic feels like a genuine continuation as opposed to trying to sell paper off the back of a decent franchise.”
• Geek Smash: 8.8/10 “There are so many fantastic things to say about this comic, even if I wasn't fueled on pure nostalgia.”
• Geeked Out Nation: 8.5/10 “There is so much good in this issue. Huge kudos to the writer and artist for making this series feel exactly like the show. “…”I'm really, really, really, REALLY looking forward to the next issue.”
• Moar Powah: 4/5 “Between the dead-on accurate artwork, to the quick wit and well written dialogue, every inch of this book just SCREAMS Samurai Jack. “
• Nerd Span: “This was honestly one of my most anticipated comics of the last half of the year, and it did not disappoint. It's a nice new chapter in Jack's journey and is wonderfully presented.”
• Nerdlocker: 5/5 “This one seems like it's gonna be fun. I'm on board. You guys should be too.”
• Nerds on the Rocks: 7/7 “This comic offers everything I want in a number 1 – A feel for the characters and the world, a complete story and a dangling carrot that makes me want to continue reading without feeling cheated. Samurai Jack #1 is a worthy follow-up to the animated series and can't wait to see what the future holds.”
• Omnicomic: “Fans of the Samurai Jack show will feel right at home here. Zub and Suriano do a great job picking up where it left off, offering up continuity in the way of story and art that will appeal to new fans as well as old.”
• Outhousers: “This is an amazing debut issue from Zub and Suriano. It's the perfect pairing for a book like this. Given the genius source material and the creative team, the possibilities are endless.”
• Pop Culture Maven: “Solid story and fantastic art make this one of the few adaptations that really works. Very Recommended!”
• Reading Pictures: “If you miss Jack and their samurai ways, go pick this up. If you never watched the show, buy the book anyway because it's just plain fun.”
• Shadowhawk's Shade: 10/10 “Jim Zub has done a great job of capturing that same sense of wonder and charm that was there in the cartoons.”
• Sound On Sight: “This issue IS an episode of Samurai Jack, from the set-up, to the battles, every panel knows its origins and doesn't shy from its roots. A wonderfully fun read that's perfect for the whole family.”
• This Is Infamous: “…the motion and movement necessary to make the fight sequences sing are all there, and Jack's magic sword swings right off the page.”
• Unleash the Fanboy: 4/5 “Samurai Jack #1 is a great beginning to something that's bound to be memorable. Recommended.”
• What Culture: “Samurai Jack #1 is a really fun comic that gets the series off to a good start – fans of the show have definitely got to give this one a look!”
Olympians and longtime training partners Michael Phelps and Allison Schmitt have been selected to serve as Honorary Chairpersons of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's (SAMHSA) Health Awareness Day national event. The official event is set to take place on Thursday, May 4th at The George Washington University School of Media and Public Affairs Jack Morton Auditorium, with the goal of focusing attention on the needs of children, youth and young adults who experience behavioral health disorders, such as mental illnesses and addictions.
Both Phelps and Schmitt will receive SAMHSA's Special Recognition Award for having spoken openly about their own behavioral challenges experienced in their lives. For 23-time Olympic gold medalist Phelps, the Baltimore native notched two DUIs over their career. They have described the period after their 2nd DUI as especially dark. “I was in the lowest place I've ever been. Honestly, at one point I felt like I didn't want to see another day. Felt like it should be over,” they said. Phelps subsequently spent time in a treatment center in 2014, after which, the 31-year-old emerged healthy, driven and ultimately back to form, as they clinched their 28th Olympic medal in Rio last summer.
Schmitt, who trained with Phelps both in Baltimore and then in Tempe, Arizona under Bob Bowman, in 2015 spoke candidly about their post-London depression. Even having won Olympic gold at the 2012 Games, Schmitt didn't feel like themselves and suffered from lack of confidence. They encouraged others to seek help and recognize that ‘it's ok to not be ok.'
“Children and young adults often look to athletes as role models for leading healthy lives. By speaking about treatment and recovery, Michael and Allison are helping youth view behavioral health as an important part of their overall health,” said Kana Enomoto, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary.
“Allison and I are excited to be a part of this national effort. As we travel all over the country, we're often asked about our training, diets, and routines for staying fit,” said Michael Phelps. “Being involved in Awareness Day and with SAMHSA gives us the chance to emphasize that paying attention to mental health is another important component of growing up healthy.”
Per SAMHSA's site, the event will feature interactive panel discussions about understanding the connection between physical and behavioral health; improving communication between primary care providers, behavioral health providers, and youth and families; and supporting the mental health needs of youth who experience chronic illness.
Honor has been given a complete overhaul. You'll see a new voting screen, the addition of a persistent Honor level, and rewards for consistently honorable play. Honor will be activated at some point during the patch. Read the full primer here.
new Voting screen
VOTING SCREEN After each game, honor one teammate
HONOR CATEGORIES Friendly, Helpful, Teamwork, Honorable Opponent ⇒ Great shotcalling, Stayed cool, GG <3
Post-game screen
new POST-GAME CEREMONY If the majority of your team honors you, you get a shoutout for the whole lobby.
new HONOR LEVELS Everyone starts at Honor level 2, and consistent honorable play unlocks an evolving Honor level, displayed on the profile page. You will move up even if you are not honored, providing you're always playing to win.
new BOOSTED If a full team all participates in the Honor vote, everyone on that team will receive a small boost to their Honor level progress
Loading screen
FLAIR At Honor level 3 and above, receiving honor in the post-game screen unlocks a loading screen flair for your next game. Your loading screen flair design levels up as you do.
Rewards
KEY FRAGMENTS will drop exclusively through Honor. As long as you're at least level 2 (the starting level) you'll continue to receive the same amount as now. and these will drop outside of the post-game screen, or on login.
To watch The Baseball Network's coverage of the divisional playoffs Tuesday and Wednesday night was to be struck with the impression that the game was reaching out and taking matters into its own hands.
In their greed, the owners may have been party to the most fan- unfriendly scheme for televising the postseason since moving the World Series to prime time, but on the field, the game seemed determined to save the day. And to a large degree, it did.
According to the schedule, fans in Connecticut were only supposed to see Games 1 and 2 of the Red Sox- Indians series. The Yankees-Mariners was supposed to be available only in snippets.
But through a harmonic convergence of bad weather and great baseball, fans not only got to see both Red Sox games, but nine innings of the Yankees-Mariners series.
Tuesday night, WVIT, Channel 30, showed the first two innings of the Yankees game because the start of the Red Sox-Indians game was delayed by rain. Wednesday night, Channel 30 cut to the Yankees after the conclusion of the Red Sox game at 10:45, and to its credit, stayed with it from the top of the eighth until its conclusion in the bottom of the 15th.
In assessing how The Baseball Network is doing with the divisional playoffs, it is necessary to separate the format from the execution of the format.
The concept of playing all four games at the same time and regionalizing them so that only one game is available in each area is, of course, just a selfish, shortsighted, stupid idea.
Baseball owners decided to split the regular and postseason between ABC and NBC, under the aegis of The Baseball Network, after the expiration of its $1.1 billion contract with CBS in 1993. Realizing that no one else was going to ante up the $14 million a team each was receiving, the owners cut the best deal they could from a financial standpoint. And that, unfortunately, was The Baseball Network.
Wednesday, the owners responded to the negative reaction from that decision by assuring fans the current playoff system's first year would be its last: "It is our intention, as we negotiate the next round of television contracts, that each game of the postseason will be seen by our fans in its entirety, nationally, either on cable or network television. In the future, starting times will be arranged so that games will not conflict."
Faced with the prickly present, The Baseball Network promised a format that would keep viewers informed about all games in progress without detracting from the primary game being watched.
This was of particular concern in Connecticut, where allegiance is split between the Red Sox and Yankees. ABC affiliate WTNH, Channel 8, takes over for the final three divisional playoff games tonight. The New Haven-based station will feature the Yankees tonight and, if it is necessary, in Game 5, and the Red Sox Saturday night, if necessary.
Overall, The Baseball Network has made the best of a no-win situation. Through the use of update boxes and split screens, it has generally succeeded in bringing viewers the action from other games without detracting from the game at hand.
Of course, there have been exceptions.
In Game 1 of the Red Sox-Indians, announcer Bob Costas apologized to viewers for the decision to go to a split screen with Albert Belle up at a crucial point in the bottom of the eighth.
During Game 2 Wednesday night, the Red Sox were abandoned for what looked like a key moment in the Dodgers-Reds game. Unfortunately, the moment dragged on through an at-bat that finally concluded with a routine pop foul. The anticlimax was illustrative of the problems associated with trying to cover baseball like the early rounds of the NCAA Tournament. Baseball dances to its own tune, time-wise. It takes as long as it takes.
When the League Championship Series begin next week, they will be televised in the same manner as the divisional playoffs. The two series will begin at the same time, and the split screen will be out in full force.
By Natalia Castro
Educational reform for the last decade has relied on the simple notion that all Americans can learn the same way and meet the same federal standards. After nearly 15 years, the failure of this one-size-fits-all system has been obvious. Now Republicans have control of the Congress and the White House, but more importantly, they have control over the local and state governments that are integral to education reform. The power needs to be brought back down to these local bodies for education to finally become a success.
Under the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution, the federal government released authority over all institutions not listed directly in the constitution to the state government, education was one of these unnamed state government responsibilities.
However, with the Bush era imposition of No Child Left Behind education became a federal task. President Obama reauthorized a revised version of the act with Common Core standards. Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal attacked these federal guidelines in a lawsuit against the Obama administration in 2014 arguing, “Common Core is the latest effort by big government disciples to strip away state rights and put Washington, D.C. in control of everything. What started out as an innovative idea to create a set of base-line standards that could be ‘voluntarily' used by the states has turned into a scheme by the federal government to nationalize curriculum.”
In a response to pushback like this against No Child Left Behind, the Obama administration and Senate Republicans amended these standards with the new Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) of 2015. This law did provide some greater state control over their curriculum while still maintaining other less desirable parts of federal authority.
As Forbes.com's David Davenport of Feb. 2015 explains, under federalized education plans where states are bribed with necessary funds to accept federal policy, states constitutional right to plan their own educational system is directly infringed. Now with Republican control, state and local governments can change this power struggle.
As federal education models continue to fail, this year states have the first major ability to regain control over their educational process.
For the first time in history, Republicans control 68 out of 99 state legislatures. In 33 states Republicans have control over both chambers. Republicans have control over state and local governments, and for Republicans these houses should be the main vehicles for change.
Even states such as New York, which has been under democratic control for decades, once again has a Republican Senate which can push for educational reform.
Through following the framers intentions and using state and local authority to revise education from the bottom up, educational reform that works in state specific cases can be achieved.
As Education Week's Alyson Klein of Nov. 2016 explains, with a Republican dominated legislatures, key reforms which empower states, students, and children are expected to pass. For example, school choice initiatives favored by Republicans and President-elect Donald Trump, but opposed by President Obama during the drafting of ESSA would now be passable.
Initiatives that allow students to attend private schools, charter schools, and schools outside their district encourage local communities and students to take control over their education. Federal education policy has stifled this consistently, but now state and local Republicans can bring education back to their communities.
The constitutional framers intended for education to work on a local and state basis, these officials know their populations' needs best. That is true federalism. However, as the federal government has hijacked this responsibility from states it has crippled our entire education model. Now with Republicans dominating the state political arena once again with control of 33 legislatures, power can be devolved to its original holders.
Natalia Castro is a contributing editor at Americans for Limited Government.
Today is a holiday in honor of the late Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. I thought it would be appropriate to share some of my thoughts this morning on the man and their mission to stand against injustice. Dr. King stood for racial equality in the face of institutionalized racism.
Here's a quick reference of some of their accomplishments from the King Center Website . It's important that holidays like today are more than just a day off. It's time for all of us to understand our history and celebrate the accomplishments of a great man.
What a contrast Dr. King's measured strength, sincerity and tenacity are to so many politicians today. So many politicians use today to talk about racial equality and tweet out quotes from the iconic civil rights warrior. One of those politicians is our own New Jersey U.S. Senator Cory Booker. Booker often tweets about love conquering hate and on the surface you'd think that their tweets today would be in line with their overall philosophy. But then as we know, actions speak louder than words...or tweets.
Last week Cory Booker reminded us of just how ambitious and manipulative a politician they can be. They openly attacked their colleague Senator Jeff Sessions who is President-Elect Trump's pick to serve as Attorney General. Their verbal assault indirectly invoked race and equality in an open attempt to discredit their colleague.
I've commented many times in the past that I think the Senator in this job and in their previous one as Mayor of Newark is much more about personal ambition than public service. The fact that they were viral on social media for personally shoveling out a constituent after a big snowstorm, really underscored the failure of their term as Mayor to effectively provide basic services like getting the streets cleared . All the while they were clearly looking to make the jump from Mayor to U.S Senator.
Booker's ambition is showing again. As the discussions of them as a possible Presidential contender in 2020 pick up steam, they went after their colleague, on their civil rights record. You don't need to look back too far to find the utter hypocrisy in their statements. Just last year Booker was praising the same Senator as they joined to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the Voting Rights march from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama in 1965.
So Jeff Sessions was good enough for Senator Booker to partner with and praise then, but now in order to ingratiate themselves to Left-leaning primary voters for a possible future run, he's willing to throw their colleague overboard. Shameful and hypocritical.
Of course the Senator didn't do themselves any favors by siding with the Republicans in the Senate last week to oppose a common sense bill that would allow Americans to import less expensive prescription drugs from Canada, but that's another story altogether. For now, calling out the blatant hypocrisy of Senator Booker is the priority. They and other politicians shouldn't think using race as a tool to disparage colleagues and promote a personal agenda would go unchallenged.
Given the context of today's holiday celebrating the legacy of the incredible journey and victories achieved by Dr. King, it's especially disappointing to see this kind of action from Senator Booker.
More from New Jersey 101.5 :
Buy Photo Gov. Rick Scott (Photo: Joe Rondone/Democrat)Buy Photo
Seeking to keep higher-education costs low and help more students graduate on time, Gov. Rick Scott on Tuesday will outline an ambitious legislative agenda to cap student fees, eliminate sales taxes on textbook purchases and extend the Bright Futures scholarships to summer classes.
"Florida students should have every opportunity to earn a degree in four years without graduating with mountains of debt," Scott said in a statement. "While we have fought to make higher education more affordable by holding the line on undergraduate tuition, there is much more that can be done to help students."
The newest twist in Scott's higher-education proposals, which they call "Finish in Four, Save More," for the 2017 Legislature is an effort to curb fees.
Students at Florida's 12 state universities pay about $200 per credit hour on average to attend school. But half of that charge is for fees covering services such as health care, student activities, technology and transportation.
Scott wants to freeze fees for university students as well as for students who attend Florida's 28 state colleges.
"I am calling on the state Legislature to freeze all fees at state colleges and universities," Scott said.
Scott also wants to freeze tuition at the state colleges, as they have previously pushed at the state universities, saying it would make sure students "aren't burdened with the constant skyrocketing costs."
Scott also is renewing their call to extend the Bright Futures scholarships to summer classes. The merit scholarships now only apply to classes taken in the fall and spring semesters.
Making the scholarships cover courses during the summer will help students graduate in four years, said Scott, who has supported the scholarship extension since 2015, although lawmakers have yet to embrace the idea.
Scott said capping fees and providing more scholarships is important to making higher education more affordable.
"In business, you are expected to create more efficiencies or more value," Scott said. "Our institutions need to provide more value to our students by becoming more affordable and helping students graduate in four years so they can save money and get a great job."
Only 44 percent of students graduated in four years at state universities, ranging from a high of 67.3 percent at the University of Florida to a low of 13.4 percent at Florida A&M University. The Board of Governors, which oversees the university system, has set a goal of raising the systemwide four-year rate to 50 percent by 2025 and the six-year rate to 70 percent.
The idea behind expanding Bright Futures is that it will provide a financial incentive for more students to attend summer classes, increasing the chances they can graduate more quickly.
Currently, many Bright Futures students shun the summer classes since their scholarships don't cover the costs. But extending the merit scholarships to summer classes will be costly, with the Board of Governors estimating the price tag between $26 million and $47 million a year, depending on how many students use the opportunity.
Scott's proposal could compete somewhat in the 2017 legislative session with a plan from Senate President Joe Negron, R-Stuart, who wants to have Bright Futures cover the entire tuition cost for top scholarship students, known as "academic scholars." The scholarships now only pay about half the cost of fees and tuition.
Scott is also renewing their call to eliminate sales taxes on textbook purchases by university and college students. The tax break would save students about $48 million a year.
A student taking five courses per semester would save a minimum of $60 a year, according to the plan.
The governor is expected to formally announce the higher-education proposals Tuesday morning during an appearance in Tampa. They have been gradually rolling out proposals in advance of the 2017 legislative session, which starts March 7.
Read or Share this story: http://on.tdo.com/2ievwKZ
Kenyan LGBT supporters chant slogans against Uganda's anti-gay bill in front of the Ugandan High Commission in Nairobi, Kenya, on Feb. 10, 2014. (Dai Kurokawa/European Pressphoto Agency)
A Kenyan court has upheld the use of anal examinations in attempts to determine a suspect's sexual orientation. Homosexual acts are a crime in Kenya, bringing possible prison sentences of up to 14 years.
Some might find the terms anal examination and/or anal probe graphic enough, but, to be clear, some consider it a form of torture. In fact, a U.N. special rapporteur on torture wrote this in a report in January: “In states where homosexuality is criminalized, men suspected of same-sex conduct are subject to non-consensual anal examinations intended to obtain physical evidence of homosexuality, a practice that is medically worthless and amounts to torture or ill-treatment.”
In other words, the “examination” is intended to humiliate, not obtain evidence, critics say.
The high court in the coastal Kenyan city of Mombasa made the decision after reviewing the case of two men who were arrested in a bar in February 2015 on suspicions of engaging in gay sex. The two men were subjected to the procedure, as well as mandatory HIV and hepatitis B testing, and subsequently protested their treatment as degrading and abusive.
A judge on Thursday dismissed their petition.
Other countries that still use “anal examinations” to determine homosexuality include Cameroon, Egypt, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Uganda and Zambia.
Read More:
Desmond Tutu's daughter married a woman, and was forced out of the South African clergy
Albinos are being killed in record numbers for their body parts
Oscar Pistorius walks on their stumps in a plea for lenient sentencing
A cable linking west Africa to Europe will not only make it less frustrating to use the internet but could help achieve millennium development goals on education, health and the environment
I am sitting in an internet cafe in the Gambia anxiously watching the upload status bar creep from 97% to 98%. It has taken more than two hours to get this far. I am uploading some photographs to send to my editor, but the connection is agonisingly sluggish and a deadline is looming. Suddenly, for the second time today, the dreaded message flashes up on my screen: upload failed. It was 98.7% complete.
This is the kind of frustration experienced by many in west Africa who are using the internet for anything heavier on bandwidth than browsing simple text-based websites. Connectivity in the region suffers from high latency, high cost and narrow bandwidth. But all this is set to change in December when the Africa Coast to Europe (ACE) broadband cable comes online.
The France Telecom-led $700m system will use high-speed fibre optic technology to link Europe with 18 countries along the west coast of Africa, as well as landlocked Mali and Niger. The submarine cable has an initial 1.92 terabits per second (Tb/s) capacity, which can be upgraded to 5.12Tb/s. To put this into context, 5.12Tb/s bandwidth would allow approximately 20m ordinary videos (and up to 5m HD videos) to be streamed simultaneously, without any significant buffering.
The capacity will be divided among the consortium of operators who have part-funded the project in partnership with governments. It is expected that the Gambia's initial share will increase its bandwidth capacity by a factor of approximately 16. The leap will be dramatic.
The cable will go some way to addressing a significant regional bandwidth disparity. According to the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), Europe benefited from an average of almost 90,000 bit/s of bandwidth per user in 2011 compared with 2,000 b/s per user in Africa. The ACE's website claims that the cable will "be a vector of social development and economic growth in Africa" and will "reduce the digital divide".
In a 2011 report, the Broadband Commission for Digital Development identifies broadband as a "tool of unprecedented power" in meeting the millennium development goals by 2015. Thanks to its ability to enable combined provision of voice, data and video at the same time, it is hoped that broadband will assist developing countries in areas such as education, health and governance.
Broadband has also been linked to economic growth. A report from the World Bank claims that a 10% increase in broadband penetration in developing countries contributed 1.38% to economic growth over the study period, although this conclusion has been criticised by Charles Kenny of the Centre for Global Development for not being robust.
Kenny is also sceptical about the grand claims made by the broadband commission, which they say are based on "very weak evidence".
They say: "There are definitely ways you can use ICTs [information and communications technologies] to help improve health and education outcomes, for example, but the statement that they are the most powerful tool as a group … is hyperbole. If you want to reduce child mortality, for example, you need vaccination programmes and bed nets. ICTs can help deliver these goods, but it is the vaccines and bed nets themselves that are the tools of unprecedented power."
Kenny is concerned about the prospect of the broadband agenda attracting government money in low-income countries, which they consider could be "better used elsewhere". Nevertheless, they are generally in favour of more, cheaper bandwidth in developing countries: "It is one element of creating a better environment for businesses to flourish and services to be delivered so it's a positive."
Poncelet Ileleji, president of the information technology association of the Gambia and IT director of the Gambia YMCA computer training centre, believes in the transformative power of broadband.
They say: "Broadband is helping to meet the MDGs in many ways, especially when it is used as an advocacy tool. It can be used to raise community awareness on development trends in health, education and the environment."
They see broadband access in west Africa as a catalyst for the growth of domestically developed applications designed to meet local needs: "For example, farmers could use voice apps to access market prices." Voice software could translate English language websites into local languages, they say, thereby enabling access to markets and information which will cut out middlemen and give farmers greater control over their livelihoods.
There is still a long way to go before the potential of better connectivity can be fully realised in west Africa. ITU data indicates that internet-user penetration in sub-Saharan Africa was 10.6% in 2010, well behind the then global average of about 30%. Much work has to be done in terms of public policy and improving affordability and penetration among the most disadvantaged.
However, once ACE is switched on, the routes to the kind of development outcomes advocated by Ileleji will at least be open. The information age will have truly arrived in west Africa. The likes of the broadband commission may be somewhat overselling broadband's ability to help achieve the MDGs, but there is little doubt that more bandwidth has the potential to deliver great changes to the region.
(Photo: kenny_lex)In a recent issue of the Atlantic, David Freedman argues that food activists – like Michael Pollan, the best-selling author of The Omnivore's Dilemma and In Defense of Food – are harming efforts by corporations like McDonald's to engineer healthier food. The charges they levy against Pollan and others are threefold: first, that much of their dietary advice promotes foods that, while not processed, are excessively high in fat, sugar and salt; second, that the cost-prohibitive nature of farm-fresh produce means that the health benefits that may accrue to (disproportionately white) affluent Americans cannot be merely scaled up to the majority of working Americans; and third, that even if they could be, this latter group of Americans would resist broccoli in favor of fast food because of its taste and convenience (particularly in light of the long working day).
As most of us know, obesity is an epidemic of terrifying proportions, so this is a timely article. Mercifully, Freedman avoids the temptation to extensively recount the statistics, so I won't recite the litany of gruesome statistics either, aside from one overview from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC): “During the past 20 years, there has been a dramatic increase in obesity in the United States and rates remain high. More than one-third of U.S. adults (35.7%) and approximately 17% (or 12.5 million) of children and adolescents aged 2-19 years are obese.” Obesity, of course, dramatically increases the risk for other serious health problems, like diabetes, heart disease and cancer, and it accounts for almost $150 billion a year in health-care costs in the US.
Freedman's argument, however, is highly pernicious to the public discussion on this topic. Essentially, they assert, because natural food activists are elitist, we should pay no attention to their critique of processed food and get out of McDonald's' way. Now, I have no interest in rushing to the defense of Michael Pollan, Mark Bittman or other food activists. So Freedman's charge that so-called “foodies” are prescribing unhealthy food I will leave to Pollan and Bittman, who I assume can ably defend themselves.
As a labor historian with an interest in social justice, however, I think it is worth exploring the premises of Freedman's second two assertions. Like much of the material in the highly influential and often thought-provoking magazine, Freedman's view is one that is skeptical of any efforts to prevent the free market from solving society's problems. Using the same language conservatives have used since the 1970s to criticize intellectuals as “limousine liberals,” their second two critiques take on food activists for the supposed elitism of their attacks on processed food. Invoking language that has been in our political mainstream since Vice President Spiro Agnew famously attacked liberals as “an effete corps of impudent snobs who characterize themselves as intellectuals,” Freedman similarly asserts that “Michael Pollan has no clothes” since there exists ” … no clear, credible evidence that any aspect of food processing or storage makes a food uniquely unhealthy.”
Even if we concede this point (although Freedman themselves points to the evidence that those who live on fast food and processed food tend to be less healthy than those who don't), what is troubling here is the implication the author draws from this notion—that because Pollan and others may not have conclusive evidence that processed food is bad, food activists need to stop publicly besmirching such food so that corporate producers (Freedman uses the term “Big Food”) can be left to produce less calorie-rich versions of junk food. An entire quarter of the article, in fact, in the fashion of much of the techno-topic material in the Atlantic, highlights examples of emerging “high-tech, anti-obesity food engineering.”
By itself, there is nothing wrong with fast food companies attempting to find ways to lower their calorie content (with the caveat that accepting that there is no clear, credible evidence that processed food is inherently bad is not nearly the same thing as saying it is harmless). The problem here is that Freedman has left the reader with an either/or choice. Either food activists like Pollan are right, or, if they are not, then their critiques are helping to hold back the kind of real progress that can be made by Big Food.
Freedman then buttresses the terms of this false choice with the assumption that working Americans would resist anything but fast food because their working hours are too long and their palate too accustomed to salty, fatty (non-vegetable) foods. Their evidence: one quotation from an anti-obesity researcher at Stephen F. Austin University who argues that “you try to make even a small change to school lunches, and parents and kids revolt,” and Freedman's own visit to some bodegas in East LA where many of the customers were only interested in purchasing junk food. They admit that this “is not exactly a scientific study, but then again we really shouldn't need one to recognize that people aren't going to change their ingrained, neurobiologically supercharged junk-eating habits just because someone dangles vegetables in front of them, farm-fresh or otherwise.”
The irony of Freedman's charge is that it rests on the same elitist assumptions about working people of which they accuse Pollan et. al. Freedman rightfully takes Mark Bittman to task, for instance, for arguing in a piece for The New York Times that there is no excuse for poor Americans – even those who live in so-called food deserts—not to cook their own healthy, nonprocessed meals. Bittman's solution: “Somehow, no-nonsense cooking and eating – roasting a chicken, making a grilled cheese sandwich, scrambling an egg, tossing a salad – must become popular again, and valued not just by hipsters in Brooklyn or locavores in Berkeley.” The problem with Bittman's view, however, is the exact same problem as that of Freedman's: both underestimate the challenges to working people in the United States who have steadily seen the erosion of job security, benefits and wages (as Colin Gordon and John Schmitt have recently shown in Dissent, even a $9/hour minimum wage would continue to be woefully inadequate for most working families). Thus, even if we agree with Bittman's premise that one can purchase and prepare healthy, natural foods on a Spartan budget, expecting overworked parents to circumvent the ubiquitous fast food restaurants to seek out a grocery store and, on top of that, to take the extra time to prepare a meal is pure pie-in-the-sky. The fact that working people make the choice to go to fast food restaurants in such circumstances does not mean that they would make the same choice in all circumstances, as Freedman presumes.
The problem with both of these views is that the political discourse of our nation has shifted so far toward a fatalistic acceptance of the status quo – the increasing wealth gap between rich and poor, the seemingly interminable march of privatization and the unassailable logic that the market will solve every problem (if you'd just make better choices, you could overcome any structural impediment!) – we don't even consider any major policy interventions to be a valid part of the discussion. We also don't even consider how the labor practices of fast food companies, where there were massive protests for much of the past spring against poverty-level wages and where fast food workers even in the nation's Smithsonian museums recently have protested their poor wages, lead to the very living standards that make it difficult for working people to buy and prepare healthy foods.
It is a depressing day, however, when the best we can come up with as a solution to the crippling obesity epidemic in the US is to hand over the car keys to McDonald's and hope that their interests in short-term profits will happen to coincide with healthier food choices. As a historian, I'm not in the habit of engaging in counterfactuals, but if we had taken this tack with the tobacco companies, my guess is that we'd all still be inhaling second-hand smoke at every bar, restaurant and airplane in the country while hearing how much safer “light” cigarettes are.
Perhaps the biggest take-away from Freedman's piece is that, in the public interest, we need to do a better job of systematically critiquing the kind of conclusion we're left with in a piece like Freedman's. The obesity epidemic is the most important public health issue of our times, and the conclusion here is nothing short of impoverishing. To really challenge the obesity epidemic, we have to challenge this outlook – that we cannot solve public health problems through progressive policy – even from those like Freedman whose starting point most of us agree with. Free-market conservatives have spent much of the past half-century arguing (successfully – at least in the sense that they seem to have persuaded a majority) that New Deal-era liberalism was a failure. If we need evidence of their success in this endeavor, look no farther than the fact that the very notion can be taken seriously in our public discourse that in criticizing food producers like McDonald's for their monstrously unhealthy products we are preventing a solution to the obesity epidemic that they caused in the first place.
The new "flex lanes" allow PACE buses to breeze past traffic during rush hours. View Full Caption PACE
CHICAGO — Sixteen miles of new "flex lanes" will allow PACE buses to breeze past traffic along I-90 going west from O'Hare Airport, suburban transportation officials announced this week.
The lanes will carry six new bus lines all along the Jane Addams Tollway, half of them linking up with the Rosemont Blue Line station to give passengers direct access to the city.
Ratcheting up bus service was the last piece of a $2.5 billion effort to widen the tollway between O'Hare and suburban Elgin, officials said. Construction wrapped up last December.
The extra lane will stay clear most of the time, open only to emergency responders, according to Dan Rozek, a spokesperson for the Illinois Tollway. But any time traffic dips below 35 mph — as measured by an intricate network of cameras and sensors — PACE buses will hop over and bypass the gridlock.
PACE saw eye-popping results after it rolled out similar program along the Stevenson Expy. going into Downtown in 2012, according to spokesperson Maggie Daly Skogsbakken.
The transit agency saw a nearly five-fold spike in ridership along the Stevenson after authorities marked off a lane for buses, Skogsbakken said. And passengers get picked up on time for 92 percent of their trips, up from 68 percent before 2012.
PACE ridership has already jumped 27 percent along the I-90 corridor since its six new routes came online late last year, Skogsbakken said.
"We're already seeing our biggest expansion ever along that route, and we think it's going to be an even better option as soon as we're able to bypass all that traffic," they said.
The new routes are being populated with new buses, complete with free WiFi, USB outlets and leather seats, Skogsbakken added.
Last year, state transportation workers broke ground on a multi-year project to widen the Kennedy Expy. between Harlem and Cumberland avenues, although officials haven't announced dedicated bus lanes for the route.
Nonetheless, transportation planners are scrambling to get ahead of a surge of business openings they expect to hit the Northwest Side and nearby suburbs in the coming decades, Skogsbakken said.
"The I-90 corridor is set by 2040 to have as many employment opportunities as the [city]'s central business district, but we haven't had enough bus routes to accommodate all that development going on," Skogsbakken said. "With improved frequency, we think this is going to be a legitimate competitor to private automobiles and trains."
In a first for iPhones, Apple says the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus can "fast charge" from 0 to 50 percent in 30 minutes. That is, as long as you have a specific kind of Apple power adapter (29-, 61-, or 87-watt) and a USB-C to Lightning charging cable -- both of which are not included.
Still, it's a nice bonus if you have the right equipment, but most iPhone users have noticed that earlier iPhone models would generally charge faster than normal if you used a higher-wattage plug than the one that came in the original box. So the question remains: How much faster does the iPhone 8 Plus charge compared to the iPhone 7 Plus? We ran our own tests to find out.
A video posted to YouTube shows an iPhone 7 Plus charging nearly as fast as an iPhone 8 Plus using Apple's 29-watt power adapter and a USB-C cable.
Even before we began testing, that didn't seem to make any sense. Fast charging requires special controllers inside of the device and power adapter to transfer more electrical power. On Android phones, if you use a power adapter that's not certified for Qualcomm's Quick Charge technology, it won't charge up your device at the faster advertised speeds.
So we got to work: Using Apple's advertised accessories (for our tests, a 29-watt power adapter), we fast charged up a new iPhone 8 Plus and year-old iPhone 7 Plus that's only been charged up every few weeks. Generally speaking, both batteries are in great condition.
In the YouTube video we saw, an iPhone 8 Plus charges up to 45 percent in 35 minutes and to 42 percent on the 7 Plus in the same amount of time. Though the YouTuber claims they used legitimate accessories, we got different results in our own tests.
In our tests, both phones were drained to 0 percent, and then were put in Airplane mode and brightness lowered to 50 percent after they automatically turned on. Here are our recorded charging numbers:
iPhone 8 Plus
27 percent in 15 minutes
54 percent in 30 minutes
iPhone 7 Plus
15 percent in 15 minutes
29 percent in 30 minutes
Per our data, the iPhone 7 Plus charged about one percent per minute, while the 8 Plus gained 1.8 percent per minute.
In other words, using a fast charger on the iPhone 8 Plus really does charge it up much faster than on the iPhone 7 Plus -- 86 percent faster, in fact.
Going to 100
The YouTube video also shows the iPhone 8 Plus charging to 100 percent in 2 hours and 11 minutes and the iPhone 7 Plus to 100 percent in an even faster 2 hours.
So we drained both iPhones down to zero and charged them both to full and here's what we got:
iPhone 8 Plus
100 percent in 1 hour and 50 minutes
iPhone 7 Plus:
100 percent in 2 hours and 32 minutes
As you can see the iPhone 8 Plus still charges up faster versus the iPhone 7 Plus.
YouTuber and Mashable friend Danny Winget conducted their own fast charging tests between an iPhone 8 Plus, Samsung Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 5, and HTC U11.
Their results? The OnePlus 5 charges up the fastest with its own proprietary "Dash Charger". The HTC U11 comes in second place and then the iPhone 8 Plus in third. Most surprising of all was the Note 8, which lagged in last.
For the iPhone 8, they got basically the same result: 53 percent in 30 minutes.
While Winget could've stopped at 30 minutes, they added another 30 minutes to the clock to see how close to full the phones would get. Needless to say, the results were the same. The OnePlus 5 was the only phone that nearly charged up to 100 percent, followed by the HTC U11, iPhone 8, and the Note 8.
So what have we learned? Apple's not lying and you can't believe every YouTube video "test" shared online. The iPhone 8 Plus's fast charging is legit speedier, whether it's charging up to 50 or 100 percent.
If you want the faster charging, the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus are the only iPhones that can do so for now (the iPhone X will also support it when it launches in November).
After Telstra added Google Play billing back in December of 2012, customers of other carriers began asking for it almost immediately. By Wednesday this week, Optus post-paid mobile customers will be able to add Google Play content to their Android devices and have the charge added to their monthly Optus bill.
Ben White, Vice President, Mobile Marketing, Optus said
We're making it hassle-free for our Android customers – there's no need to store a credit card or worry about paying multiple bills – so they don't have to waste time before starting their next game of Angry Birds or buying extra lives in Candy Crush Saga. “We're helping prevent bill shock by giving customers control to set up spend limits or add a pin for more security. Plus, people are protected from accidental or change of mind purchases with a 15 minute window for cancellations.
All content purchased by Optus post-paid customers must be accepted on their device, and any charges will be clearly listed on their bill, including apps, games, music, movies, TV Shows and eBooks. But there are limits, to stop potential fraud, Optus and Google have limited transactions to a maximum of $49.99 up to a maximum of $200 per month on all content purchased through your Optus Account.
To access direct billing, you'll have to select the option in Google Play on your phone or tablet. It requires a one-time registration but will take mere minutes and you can then begin purchasing content – including in-app purchases.
It's unclear whether Virgin Mobile – an Optus subsidiary – will be offering direct carrier billing to their customers, we've reached out to Optus to clarify this and ask if it will be offered to pre-paid customers in the future. We've also asked Vodafone if they're intending to offer the same service.
Do you have an Optus Post-Paid account? Will you be using this new payment method?
It's official: NIST's 4.45-million newton (equivalent to one million pounds-force) deadweight machine – the largest in the world – is back in one piece after a colossal 16-month effort to overhaul the system for the first time in 50 years.
The year-and-a-half-long saga involved dismantling, cleaning, restoring, and recalibrating about half of the stainless steel discs in the three-story stack of weights. It marked the first time the device had been taken apart since its original installation in 1965.
"This was an extremely complicated, time-consuming, labor-intensive operation with major risks and decisions at every turn," says Mass and Force Group Leader Zeina Kubarych. "From planning to teamwork and coordination, to risk mitigation and execution, this was a remarkable achievement and a success to be proud of.
"Perfectly orchestrated restoration of one of NIST's and the world's metrology treasures with no injury to personnel and no damage to property – a big weight off my shoulders!"
The deadweight system consists of a calibrated "T-shaped" lifting frame and a stack of 19 stainless steel discs about three meters in diameter (a little less than ten feet) when assembled. Their average mass is about 22,696 kg (just over 50,000 pounds) each.
Lab officials from NIST visited the machine this month, just a few days after the last bolts were torque-wrenched into place. They received a tour of the facility, which includes a control room above the weight stack and a hydraulic ram that moves the weights up and down.
At the event, Carl Williams, the Deputy Director of NIST's Physical Measurement Laboratory (PML), introduced and congratulated project leader Rick Seifarth, whose team orchestrated the refurbishment process and performed the calibrations of the larger masses. Seifarth's team includes PML's Kevin Chesnutwood and Sam Ho.
Force metrology customers who rely on this unique device include U.S. aerospace manufacturers, U.S. military laboratories, and several top-end commercial force calibration labs.
Stay tuned for additional media next month celebrating the grand gala opening of the million-pound deadweight machine, which is scheduled to take place once the facility is back online and open for business.
— Reported and written by Jennifer Lauren Lee
For more information about the restoration of NIST's million pounds-force deadweight machine, see "Restoration Begins on NIST's Million-Pound Deadweight Machine" and "Progress Report with Photos: Restoration of NIST's Million-Pound Deadweight Machine."
At Tuesday's work session, Mayor Steve Adler launched a discussion on the Pilot Knob planned unit development with a spirited defense of City Council's now controversial decision to redirect the PUD's water and wastewater impact fees to the city's affordable housing trust fund. The fees would normally be paid instead to the Austin Water utility.
First they apologized to their colleagues, repeating a statement they recently made on the City Council Message Board concerning the lack of information when Council voted on Dec. 17: “In retrospect, we should have more clearly communicated the mechanics of the agreement and the broader policies implicated in the days leading up to the council meeting and from the dais at third reading,” they wrote. “I take responsibility for not taking the opportunity to explain the deal in greater detail.”
Six Council members told the Austin Monitor in late January that they did not know how much the fee waivers would be when they voted on the item in December. On Tuesday, some Council members said they had just learned the extent of the fee waivers – up to $81 million from the water utility plus up to about $25 million from the Development Services Department – from a detailed and lengthy memo they received from city management late Monday.
Council Member Ellen Troxclair put a resolution on this week's Council agenda to direct the city manager to provide a financial analysis and briefing related to those utility fee waivers and to reconsider the deal, which was crafted by staff from Adler's office and Council Member Delia Garza's office in concert with the developer. Troxclair told their colleagues they want to send the PUD deal through the boards and commissions process, have the item put on the Council agenda again and have a full discussion about whether it is the right way to fund affordable housing.
Because of the memo provided to Council Monday night, Troxclair and their cosponsors – Don Zimmerman, Leslie Pool and Ora Houston – may already have achieved much of their goal of understanding what happened. One big takeaway from the memo is that neither the staff of the water utility nor financial managers were ever informed about the cost the utility would be asked to absorb as a result of diverting the impact fees.
Troxclair, Mayor Pro Tem Kathie Tovo and Pool made especially strong comments Tuesday about the cost to the water utility and to water customers as well as the possible financial impact that diversion of the impact fee money might have on future bond ratings.
Adler said both in writing and in person that the deal is fiscally sound and “makes meaningful progress on one of our city's top priorities – affordability – and does so in a way that does not irretrievably divert any money from the City's water or any other department.”
There is considerable disagreement among Council members, of course, about whether the money, once put in the affordable housing fund, could in fact be returned to the water utility and how that might happen.
While urging more transparency for future deals, Adler pushed back at the idea that the permanently affordable housing at Pilot Knob would be accomplished the wrong way. In fact, they said they would be happy to have $400 million to put into the affordable housing fund.
Garza also defended the deal, remarking that their District 2 has the most families. When they first looked at Pilot Knob as it was originally proposed, they said they were not happy to see that many of the families in their district would never be able to afford living there.
Garza noted that Pilot Knob was this Council's first PUD “but not the staff's,” seeming to imply that there had been other deals like this one, though there have not. The mayor pointed out that in developing the PUD affordable housing proposal, their staff and Garza's were following the city's guidelines for SMART Housing. Those guidelines provide for 100 percent fee waivers and fast-track review if the builder provides 10 percent affordable housing for the land trust. They were just following the SMART Housing rules, they argued. (“SMART” refers to “safe, mixed-income, accessible, reasonably priced and transit-oriented” developments.)
In this case, the developer will provide 650 homes that will be permanently affordable, and the impact fee money from all 6,500 homes in the development will go into the housing trust fund.
Under questioning from Troxclair, AW Director Greg Meszaros told Council they would not have recommended diverting the impact fees away from the utility, based solely on the utility's interests. They estimated that at a 20-year build-out rate, the diversion of funds would cost the typical customer about $1.39 per month; at a 30-year build-out rate, that cost would drop to $.92 per month.
Meszaros noted that Council adopted a policy in 2013 of collecting 100 percent of all capital recovery fees in response to the water utility's deteriorating financial position. They said that the utility is still under a “negative bond watch, and I would urge caution in moving fees out of the water utility at this time.”
Fees went from about $1,500 per unit to about $7,600 per unit, Meszaros said. That's why the fees being waived at Pilot Knob are as great as they are, they noted.
Also in response to Troxclair's questions, Meszaros said they had known from reading in the media that utility fee waivers were being discussed, and they had met with staff from the mayor's office and Garza's office to give them information; however, they were “not aware that a decision had been made to waive all the fees” until after the Dec. 17 meeting.
Pool also expressed concern about the fee waivers, saying, “100 million here, 100 million there – pretty soon we've got a utility that is bankrupt.” They also said they would prefer to take the question of funding affordable housing to the voters in a bond election. Austin voters approved $65 million in general obligation bonds for affordable housing in 2013. However, voters rejected $78 million worth of affordable housing bonds in the 2012 election.
Tovo noted that they are “very, very committed to affordable housing. But I do want to make sure that we're spending our investment in the right ways, and I'm really concerned about a program where we are really having ratepayers invest in market-rate housing for someone else.” They were referring, of course, to the nearly 5,900 market-rate units planned for Pilot Knob.
They said, “When I get calls – and have in the past – about utility bills from constituents, they are often people who won't qualify for 80 percent (median family income) ownership opportunities,” which is what is planned for the affordable units at Pilot Knob. “Yet if we have a SMART Housing program that is relying on an increase in rates,” they continued, “then those are the people who are already struggling with their bills and are now going to be struggling with increases to help pay for new housing for someone else – that doesn't seem like a right path for affordability. So I hope we can generally look at our SMART Housing program in a careful and thorough way and just figure out how we can help that program continues to be successful and make sure it's calibrated for the benefit that the city is getting.”
There has been discussion about doing similar fee waivers for other affordable housing projects. Attorney Richard Suttle, who represents Pilot Knob developer Brookfield Residential, also represents the developer for Sun Chase, a Southeast Austin municipal utility district. Both Suttle and water utility staff said that that project will not involve SMART Housing. The project and the utility have agreed that the developer will build a wastewater treatment plant, which will then be turned over to the water utility to operate. In order to pay for that, the utility will not collect the usual impact fees. Ten percent of the housing at Sun Chase will be affordable for first-time buyers, Suttle said.
Memo addresses problems with Pilot Knob process
The memo Council received on Monday was written by Chief Financial Officer Elaine Hart and assistant city managers Robert Goode, Bert Lumbreras and Sue Edwards. Addressed to City Manager Marc Ott and sent to Council late Monday, it concerns the process preceding the now controversial approval of the Pilot Knob PUD and responds to questions posed by Tovo, Pool and Adler.
The memo notes that the process that led up to the approval – “involving multiple Council offices, staff and external parties” – was unique because “staff played a more limited role in the negotiations than is typical in these types of agreements.”
The memo cites a need for more effective collaboration between departments and City Council offices. It suggests “establishing a coordinated staff team approach to this process. This approach would feature a specific lead individual responsible for oversight and ensuring all team members are adequately involved. It is our expectation that the team's work would involve a financial analysis resulting in a fiscal note prior to projects being placed on an agenda.”
Waiver of water and wastewater fees for Pilot Knob will cost the city utility an estimated $81.472 million, according to the memo. In addition to the utility fee waivers, it estimates that the Development Services Department could waive between $18 million and nearly $25 million during the anticipated 20- to 30-year build-out of the project.
Instead of going to the departments, the fees will be put into the city's Affordable Housing Trust Fund to fund 650 affordable housing units at the development, to be called Easton Park. The PUD is within five Pilot Knob MUDs, which will be fully annexed into the city “no later than December 31, 2047 or possibly earlier if the MUD debt is paid off and the city chooses to annex” the area.
Troxclair put an item on this week's Council agenda to reconsider the deal, telling the Austin American-Statesman that they were more concerned with the process than the outcome of the vote. Adler and their chief of staff, John-Michael V. Cortez, have taken responsibility for not explaining the deal properly to other members of the Council but argue that it is still a good deal and a model for future affordable housing development.
Throughout the memo, the writers stress that city staff – with the exception of Neighborhood Housing and Community Development staff – was not involved in the negotiation and writing of the deal. “Austin Water Utility staff or management were not involved in negotiating the proposed fee waivers nor were they provided copies of the proposed agreement,” the memo says. In addition, AW “was not asked to provide a formal recommendation regarding the specifics of the fee waivers.”
Neither the Law Department nor Development Services, nor Planning and Zoning, were involved in the negotiations, either. However, the Law Department did assist in drafting the PUD ordinance at the request of the Neighborhood Housing staff.
Tovo asked why Council was not provided with a financial analysis. The memo reports, “Because zoning cases generally are just a change in zoning and have no fiscal impact, a fiscal note is not provided for zoning cases.” That will obviously change now, at least for SMART Housing.
Photo by Larry D. Moore, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=5020231. Map courtesy of the city of Austin.
[embeddoc url=”http://www.austinmonitor.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/2016-02-08_Pilot-Knob-Planned-Unit-Development-PUD.pdf”]
‹ Return to Today's Headlines
Read the latest Whispers ›
LONDON (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe cautioned Britain on Thursday that a vote to leave the European Union in June's referendum on membership would make Britain less attractive for Japanese investors.
Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron, left, speaks to Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe as they meet at 10 Downing Street in London, Britain Thursday, May 5, 2016. REUTERS/Frank Augstein/pool
Their intervention comes less than two weeks since U.S. President Barack Obama bluntly warned Britain that it would be “in the back of the queue” for a trade deal with the United States if it dropped out of the EU.
“Japan very clearly would prefer Britain to remain within the EU,” Abe told reporters during a visit to London. “Many Japanese companies set up their operations in the UK precisely because the UK is a gateway to the EU.”
They added: “A vote to leave would make the UK less attractive as a destination for Japanese investment.”
Speaking through a translator at a news conference with Prime Minister David Cameron, Abe said about 1,000 Japanese companies operate in the UK employing 140,000 people.
But supporters of a British exit from the 28-nation bloc poured cold water on Abe's comments saying Japanese companies such as Toyota, Nissan and Hitachi were committed to investing in the United Kingdom regardless of the outcome.
“Japan wouldn't accept the huge loss of control Britain has suffered because of our EU membership, so much of the public will be sceptical of the Japanese prime minister's ‘do as I say, not as we do attitude,'” said Matthew Elliott, Chief Executive of the Vote Leave campaign.
Cameron said Britain benefited more from Japanese investment than from any other country apart from the United States. They said Japan had investments worth a total of 38 billion pounds in Britain.
“Japanese firms see Britain as the gateway to Europe,” said Cameron, who called the referendum and is leading the campaign to keep Britain in the club it joined in 1973.
A British exit would unleash volatility in foreign currency, stock and bond markets, undermine post-World War Two European efforts toward integration and raise questions about the 21st Century fate of Britain's $2.9 trillion economy.
“Britain's friends around the world, including Japan, will be watching your decision on June 23 with very close attention,” Abe said.
Abe is the latest world leader to lend support to Cameron's call for Britons to vote to stay in the EU.
Last October, Chinese President Xi Jinping said they wanted to see a united European Union and that they hoped Britain would play a leading role in deepening China-EU ties.
The History Of Men I once posted up an excerpt from a book by Tom Holland which described the rebellion against the Romans of Spartacus and the slaves. And I received an email asking me why I had posted up such a piece given that it did not appear to have very much to do with feminism. Hi Harry,
Interesting and genuinely helpful take on history - but has Davros nicked the keys to your Tardis?
Where are you my friend? We are missing you!
Come back to the here and now and resume 'exterminating' the evil of 21st century feminism!
Regards,
It is entirely appropriate for a young man killed in battle to lie mangled by the bronze spear. In their death, all things appear fair.
Ah yes. Those were the days when women had it so bad compared to men. ... Spartacus - Shadow of the Gladiator
What's Done Been Wrote What's Done Been Wrote Select Month February 2019 (40) January 2019 (56) December 2018 (53) November 2018 (63) October 2018 (55) September 2018 (59) August 2018 (56) July 2018 (56) June 2018 (45) May 2018 (58) April 2018 (56) March 2018 (64) February 2018 (57) January 2018 (65) December 2017 (62) November 2017 (40) October 2017 (41) September 2017 (38) August 2017 (45) July 2017 (35) June 2017 (40) May 2017 (33) April 2017 (46) March 2017 (50) February 2017 (55) January 2017 (70) December 2016 (62) November 2016 (59) October 2016 (72) September 2016 (63) August 2016 (82) July 2016 (68) June 2016 (66) May 2016 (44) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (75) February 2016 (57) January 2016 (64) December 2015 (59) November 2015 (52) October 2015 (57) September 2015 (49) August 2015 (71) July 2015 (72) June 2015 (60) May 2015 (69) April 2015 (55) March 2015 (60) February 2015 (62) January 2015 (64) December 2014 (71) November 2014 (59) October 2014 (59) September 2014 (61) August 2014 (77) July 2014 (43) June 2014 (53) May 2014 (73) April 2014 (71) March 2014 (74) February 2014 (82) January 2014 (68) December 2013 (58) November 2013 (59) October 2013 (66) September 2013 (58) August 2013 (85) July 2013 (71) June 2013 (54) May 2013 (66) April 2013 (69) March 2013 (83) February 2013 (69) January 2013 (87) December 2012 (91) November 2012 (60) October 2012 (57) September 2012 (67) August 2012 (72) July 2012 (72) June 2012 (69) May 2012 (69) April 2012 (86) March 2012 (95) February 2012 (71) January 2012 (75) December 2011 (67) November 2011 (97) October 2011 (78) September 2011 (86) August 2011 (89) July 2011 (54) June 2011 (69) May 2011 (58) April 2011 (72) March 2011 (80) February 2011 (75) January 2011 (92) December 2010 (79) November 2010 (84) October 2010 (82) September 2010 (94) August 2010 (108) July 2010 (97) June 2010 (75) May 2010 (75) April 2010 (80) March 2010 (85) February 2010 (92) January 2010 (86) December 2009 (93) November 2009 (96) October 2009 (103) September 2009 (81) August 2009 (92) July 2009 (82) June 2009 (93) May 2009 (86) April 2009 (87) March 2009 (85) February 2009 (78) January 2009 (100) December 2008 (86) November 2008 (72) October 2008 (73) September 2008 (109) August 2008 (108) July 2008 (122) June 2008 (118) May 2008 (78) April 2008 (112) March 2008 (105) February 2008 (81) January 2008 (114) December 2007 (129) November 2007 (141) October 2007 (139) September 2007 (164) August 2007 (149) July 2007 (140) June 2007 (125) May 2007 (122) April 2007 (111) March 2007 (100) February 2007 (147) January 2007 (149) December 2006 (139) November 2006 (146) October 2006 (135) September 2006 (142) August 2006 (142) July 2006 (102) June 2006 (107) May 2006 (136) April 2006 (105) March 2006 (110) February 2006 (109) January 2006 (124) December 2005 (131) November 2005 (93) October 2005 (74) September 2005 (108) August 2005 (99) July 2005 (59) June 2005 (98) May 2005 (61) April 2005 (89) March 2005 (107) February 2005 (95) January 2005 (73) December 2004 (78) November 2004 (40) October 2004 (52) September 2004 (47) August 2004 (72) July 2004 (73) June 2004 (99) May 2004 (109) April 2004 (41)
The State University of New York (SUNY ) is a system of public institutions of higher education in New York, United States. It is the largest comprehensive system of universities, colleges, and community colleges in the United States,[2] with a total enrollment of 606,232 students, plus 1.1 million adult education students, spanning 64 campuses across the state. Led by Chancellor Kristina M. Johnson, the SUNY system has 88,000 faculty members and some 7,660 degree and certificate programs overall and a $10.7 billion budget.[3]
SUNY includes many institutions and four university Centers: Albany (1844), Binghamton (1946), Buffalo (1846), and Stony Brook (1957). SUNY's administrative offices are in Albany, the state's capital, with satellite offices in Manhattan and Washington, D.C. SUNY's largest campus is the University at Buffalo,[4][5][6][7] which also has the greatest endowment and research funding.[8][9]
The State University of New York was established in 1948 by Governor Thomas E. Dewey, through legislative implementation of recommendations made by the Temporary Commission on the Need for a State University (1946–1948). The Commission was chaired by Owen D. Young, who was at the time Chairman of General Electric. The system was greatly expanded during the administration of Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller, who took a personal interest in design and construction of new SUNY facilities across the state.
Apart from units of the City University of New York (CUNY), SUNY comprises all other institutions of higher education statewide that are state-supported.
History [ edit ]
The first colleges were established privately, with some arising from local seminaries. But New York state had a long history of supported higher education prior to the creation of the SUNY system. The oldest college that is part of the SUNY System is SUNY Potsdam, established in 1816 as the St. Lawrence Academy. In 1835, the State Legislature acted to establish stronger programs for public school teacher preparation and designated one academy in each senatorial district to receive money for a special teacher-training department. The St. Lawrence Academy received this distinction and designated the village of Potsdam as the site of a Normal School in 1867.[10]
On May 7, 1844, the State legislature voted to establish New York State Normal School in Albany as the first college for teacher education. In 1865, the privately endowed Cornell University was designated as New York's land grant college, and it began direct financial support of four of Cornell's colleges in 1894. From 1889 to 1903, Cornell operated the New York State College of Forestry, until the Governor vetoed its annual appropriation. The school was moved to Syracuse University in 1911. It is now the State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry. In 1908, the State legislature began the NY State College of Agriculture at Alfred University.
In 1946-48 a Temporary Commission on the Need for a State University, chaired by Owen D. Young, Chairman of the General Electric Company, studied New York's existing higher education institutions. It was known New York's private institutions of higher education were highly discriminatory and failed to provide for many New Yorkers.[11] Noting this need, the commission recommended the creation of a public state university system. In 1948 legislation was passed establishing SUNY on the foundation of the teacher-training schools established in the 19th century. Most of them had already developed curricula similar to those found at four-year liberal arts schools long before the creation of SUNY, as evidenced by the fact they had become known as "Colleges for Teachers" rather than "Teachers' Colleges."
On October 8, 1953, SUNY took a historic step of banning national fraternities and sororities that discriminated based on race or religion from its 33 campuses.[12] Various fraternities challenged this rule in court. As a result, national organizations felt pressured to open their membership to students of all races and religions. The SUNY resolution which was upheld in court states:
Resolved that no social organization shall be permitted in any state-operated unit of the State University which has any direct or indirect affiliation or connection with any national or other organization outside the particular unit; and be it further Resolved that no such social organization, in policy or practice, shall operate under any rule which bars students on account of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or other artificial criteria; and be it further Resolved that the President be, and hereby is, authorized to take such steps as they may deem appropriate to implement this policy, including the determination of which student organizations are social as distinguished from scholastic or religious, and their decision shall be final.[13]
Despite being one of the last states in the nation to establish a state university, the system was quickly expanded during the chancellorship of Samuel B. Gould and the administration of Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller, who took a personal interest in the design and construction of new SUNY facilities across the state.[14][15] Rockefeller championed the acquisition of the private University of Buffalo into the SUNY system, making the public State University of New York at Buffalo.[16]
Organization [ edit ]
SUNY is governed by a State University of New York Board of Trustees, which consists of eighteen members, fifteen of whom are appointed by the Governor, with consent of the New York State Senate. The sixteenth member is the President of the Student Assembly of the State University of New York. The last two members are the Presidents of the University Faculty Senate and Faculty Council of Community Colleges, both of whom are non-voting. The Board of Trustees appoints the Chancellor who serves as SUNY Chief Executive Officer.
The state of New York assists in financing the SUNY system, which, along with CUNY, provides lower-cost college-level education to residents of the state. SUNY students also come from out-of-state and 171 foreign countries, though tuition is higher for these students. Although tuition is higher for these non-resident students, their tuition is subsidized by New York State taxpayers.
There is a large variety of colleges in the SUNY system with some overlap in specialties between sites. SUNY divides its campuses into four distinct categories: university centers/doctoral-granting institutions, comprehensive colleges, technology colleges, and community colleges. SUNY also includes statutory colleges, state-funded colleges within other institutions such as Cornell University and Alfred University. Students at the statutory colleges have the benefit of state-subsidized tuition while receiving all of the campus life amenities of the host institutions.
SUNY and the City University of New York (CUNY) are different university systems, both funded by New York State. Also, SUNY is not to be confused with the University of the State of New York (USNY), which is the governmental umbrella organization for most education-related institutions and many education-related personnel (both public and private) in New York State, and which includes, as components, the New York State Education Department and the New York State University Police.
Presidents and chancellors [ edit ]
Board of Trustees [ edit ]
Student representation [ edit ]
Student Services at SUNY Purchase College
The SUNY Board of Trustees has a voting student member on the board. The student trustee serves a dual role as the President of the Student Assembly of the State University of New York (SUNYSA). SUNYSA is the recognized student government of the SUNY system.
In the 1970s, students pressed for voting representation on the governing board of SUNY colleges. In 1971, the State Legislature added five students voting members to Cornell's Board of Trustees. However, at that time, all members of a board must be over the age of 21 for a corporation to hold a liquor license, so to allow Cornell to retain its license, the legislature had to go back to amend NYS Alcoholic Beverage Control Law § 126(4) to require half the board must be 21.
In 1975, the legislature added a non-voting student seat to the boards of all SUNY units. Two Attorney General of the State of New York opinion letters[31] reduced the parliamentary rights of the student members to participate at meetings and indicated they were not in fact Public Officers, and arguably subject to personal liability from lawsuits. In 1977, another statutory amendment made student members of SUNY councils and boards subject to the NYS Public Officers Law or NYS General Municipal Law and granted student representatives parliamentary powers of moving or seconding motions and of placing items on the agendas of the bodies. Finally, the legislature gave full voting rights to the student members in 1979, resulting in the students of all SUNY units having voting representatives, except for the NYS College of Environmental Science and Forestry. Finally, in 1986, the legislature gave the student representative of that college voting rights as well.[32]
Campuses [ edit ]
University at Albany
Binghamton University.
University at Buffalo
Stony Brook University
SUNY Oswego campus as viewed from Glimmerglass Lagoon
University centers and doctoral degree granting institutions [ edit ]
University centers [ edit ]
Doctoral degree granting institutions [ edit ]
University colleges [ edit ]
Technology colleges [ edit ]
Community colleges [ edit ]
Statistics [ edit ]
Costs [ edit ]
For the 2017-2018 academic year, tuition costs at SUNY schools for an undergraduate degree are less than two-thirds the cost of most public colleges in the United States. For example, tuition at the University at Buffalo for an undergraduate degree is $9,828 per semester or $27,068 per year for non-resident students.[98] Undergraduate tuition for non-resident students at the University of Maryland is $35,216 per year.[99] Non-resident tuition and fees at University of Oregon are $32,535 per year.[100]
New York State also offers free tuition for all public college and universities for families who have an income of lower than $125,000 and are residents of the state. Other requirements to qualify for free SUNY education include full-time enrollment and staying in the state for a number of years after graduating.[101][102]
Size, financing, rankings [ edit ]
New York's largest public university is the State University of New York at Buffalo, which was founded by U.S President and Vice President Millard Fillmore. Buffalo has an enrollment total of approximately 30,000 students and receives the most applications out of all the SUNY's.[103][104][105]
Selectivity and admission [ edit ]
Research funding [ edit ]
School NSF Funding Rank Funding Dollars (USD)[8] Albany 134 137,759,000 Binghamton 161 76,005,000 Buffalo 56 387,863,000 Brockport 577 1,321,000 Buffalo State 515 2,106,000 Cobleskill 625 908,000 Cortland 629 819,000 Downstate 211 39,354,000 ESF 259 21,239,000 Farmingdale 441 3,213,000 Geneseo 592 1,201,000 Optometry 428 3,637,000 Oswego 632 725,000 Purchase 567 1,433,000 Stony Brook 97 225,712,000 Upstate 222 34,286,000
SUNY Chancellor's Award for Student Excellence [ edit ]
The SUNY Chancellor's Award for Student Excellence is an annual award given out by the SUNY system to distinguished student leaders across the State of New York. Established in 1997, the system considers the Chancellor's Award to be "the highest honor bestowed upon the student body."[112]
Athletics [ edit ]
Every school within the SUNY system manages its own athletics program, which greatly varies the level of competition at each institution.
NCAA and NJCAA [ edit ]
Division I [ edit ]
Divisions II and III [ edit ]
Most SUNY colleges, technical schools and community schools compete at the NCAA or NJCAA Div. II or III level.
Other associations [ edit ]
SUNY Delhi is a member of the NAIA.
SUNY Canton and SUNY Environmental Science and Forestry are members of the USCAA.[113][114]
Rivalries [ edit ]
The most prominent SUNY rivalry is between the Albany Great Danes and Binghamton Bearcats. The two belong to the America East Conference. Frequently referred to as the I-88 Rivalry, Binghamton and Albany sit at either end of Interstate 88 (roughly 2.5 hours apart). Both teams are known to post the highest visitor attendance at either school's athletic events. Both schools also have less intense rivalries with a fellow America East member, the Stony Brook Seawolves. In football, a sport not sponsored by the America East, Albany and Stony Brook have a rivalry in the Colonial Athletic Association.
SUNY Buffalo tends to have a rivalry in basketball with two private colleges in the same geographical area. Canisius College and Buffalo's South Campus are 2.5 miles apart on Main St. in Buffalo. Their other rival is Niagara University in Lewiston, NY.
SUNY Oswego and SUNY Plattsburgh also share a notable rivalry in Division III Hockey, with that game almost always having the SUNYAC regular season title up for grabs.
SUNY Cobleskill and SUNY Delhi rivalry focuses on basketball, cross-country, and previously track, although Cobleskill track and field started competing at the NCAA Division III level in spring 2009. The SUNY Delhi 2003-2004 basketball season was canceled after a basketball game was called with 48 seconds left after several SUNY Delhi basketball players nearly started a brawl in the Ioro Gymnasium at SUNY Cobleskill on Wednesday February 4, 2004.
SUNY Oneonta has developed a rivalry in almost every sport with SUNY Cortland. They share the red dragon as a team nickname, and their matchups are known as the "Battle of the Red Dragons".
There is an unusual sports rivalry between SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry and Finger Lakes Community College, with both campuses sponsoring nationally ranked teams in woodsman competitions.
See also [ edit ]
South African President Jacob Zuma now openly calls for blacks to steal white farms, amidst other horrors. Suidlanders are South Africans preparing for the approaching bloodshed and pandemonium.
Take some action to protect our Boer cousins, including our very own author Adi. Per Hunter Wallace at Occidental Dissent:
Here are some things you can do to help:
1.) Contact your representatives in Congress and urge them to impose economic sanctions on South Africa. I've already done so.
2.) Publicize this story on social media. Let's get the word out on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube. If you have a platform or radio show, contact the Suidlanders at [email protected] to arrange an interview to discuss the situation in South Africa.
3.) If you support the South African cause, consider donating to the Suidlanders through their website.
4.) Pressure the Trump administration to intervene in South Africa. We made refugee crime in Sweden a big story. The South Africans are in much greater need of our help.
5.) Create buzz about this issue so it will enter the news cycle. Talk to your friends about it.
Note: Check out the podcast the Suidlanders did with Jared Taylor. If you are pressed for time, skip ahead to the 29:00 minute mark to get to the gist of the situation.
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) weighed in on the Republican presidential race Friday, noting that some candidates are just in it for the fame.
“I think several of the candidates — I won't mention the names — are kind of in the celebrity business, and they get invited to the debates and it improves their speaking fees and their book sales … but they're probably not going to be the nominee unless lighting strikes,” McConnell told WHAS in Louisville, Ky.
The Senate minority leader noted that they do not “have a dog in the fight,” explaining that while they think there are viable presidential nominees in the race, they have not backed a particular candidate.
McConnell was also asked about comments that actor Morgan Freeman made recently about the senator and President Obama on the issue of race. Freeman appeared on CNN's Piers Morgan last week accusing the Tea Party of racism in their criticism of the president.
“I don't know what race has to do with it,” McConnell said. “I don't think it's particularly surprising that the Republican leader of the Senate would like to have a Republican president. I wanted Bill Clinton to be a one-termer too — we didn't succeed.”
(CNN) Turkey will not allow the Dutch ambassador to Ankara to return to Turkey and has suspended high-level diplomatic relations between the two countries, a top government official has said.
Deputy Turkish Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus announced the freeze in Ankara Monday amid an escalating row over Turkish officials' access to the Netherlands.
Over the weekend, the Netherlands refused to allow Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu to visit Rotterdam for a political rally.
"Why this time am I a terrorist? Are the Turks living in this country terrorists?" Cavusoglu asked in an interview Monday with CNN's "Connect the World."
Soon after Cavusoglu was refused entry, the Dutch stopped Turkey's Family Affairs Minister Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya from entering the Turkish consulate in Rotterdam. They were later escorted out of the country.
Violent clashes erupted after the two ministers were prevented from addressing rallies in Rotterdam, where they hoped to drum up support for an April 16 referendum to give greater to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Refugee deal at stake?
The deepening diplomatic row has prompted threats from Turkey to pull out of the EU-Migrant deal.
JUST WATCHED Bana: I love Turkey, there's peace, no bombing Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bana: I love Turkey, there's peace, no bombing 02:05
"Turkey should reconsider the land passage issue again," Turkey's EU Minister Omer Celik was quoted as telling journalists Monday by Turkey's state-run news agency Anadolu.
Struck last year, the deal was designed to stem the flow of migrants to Europe, in exchange for billions in funding and relaxed visa rules for Turks.
Under the deal, the EU accepts one Syrian living in a Turkish camp for each migrant returned to Turkey in a "one-for-one" exchange, capped at 72,000 people. Anyone who crosses into Greece illegally will be sent back to Turkey.
No explanation, minister complains
In the interview with CNN on Monday, Cavusoglu said he'd been given no explanation as to why they were stopped from entering the Netherlands. The Dutch said it was due to public order and safety concerns.
"Is there any one single Turkish Turk radicalized? They say no. So what is the security problem then? They don't give me any detail, I am the foreign minister of Turkey. I am not a terrorist. This is just excuse, unfortunately, to hide the real reasons," they said.
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu has demanded answers from the Dutch.
Cavusoglu suggested that a rise in racism, Islamophobia and xenophobia in the Netherlands and other European countries was to blame.
The Dutch will vote in a general election on Wednesday, and far-right candidate Geert Wilders' anti-Islam, anti-EU Party for Freedom (PVV) is expected to make a strong showing.
Cavusoglu also said the Netherlands and other European countries wished to "obstruct" the yes campaign for April's referendum on the Turkish constitution
The EU took the step of warning Turkey about the ramifications of the referendum, issuing a statement which said that consolidating the powers of the presidency would have implications for Turkey's long-held goal of EU membership.
"The proposed amendments, if approved at the referendum of 16 April, and especially their practical implementation, will be assessed in light of Turkey's obligations as an EU candidate country and as a member of the Council of Europe," it said.
Nazi comments echoed
After the foreign minister's visit to Rotterdam was blocked, Erdoğan reacted angrily, comparing the Dutch government to Nazis. In response, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said Erdoğan's remarks were inflammatory and demanded an apology.
A Dutch riot police officer tries to get their dog to let go of a man during a demonstration at the Turkish consulate in Rotterdam Sunday.
The Netherlands lost more than 200,000 of its citizens when it was occupied by Nazi Germany in World War II.
Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders believes it is now "quite impossible" for members of the Turkish government to campaign in the Netherlands for the upcoming referendum, they told CNN's Hala Gorani in an interview Monday.
"We have now a situation which I think is unworkable," Koenders said.
Koenders said that over the weekend they spoke on the phone with Cavusoglu about the situation, and they told their counterpart that the Dutch found the Nazi comments insulting.
"We were the victims of Nazism in the second world war," Koenders said.
Appearing to defend Erdoğan's inflammatory remarks about Nazis, Cavusoglu said: "Such attitudes, such policies and the violations of the European standards and the values and the Vienna conventions never happened since World War II. It didn't happen even during the World War II and it didn't happen maybe even during the Nazi (era) ... so that is why we are making the comparison."
On Monday, the Dutch issued travel advice via Twitter for Dutch citizens in Turkey telling them to "avoid demonstrations and be alert" amid the bitter row between the two countries.
But Cavusoglu said: "We will not target the Dutch people and we will not harm them because it is not their mistake. And the Dutch people are friends of Turkey and so many tourists are coming to Turkey and we have been friends for 400 years."
For Diane Paulus, the Artistic Director of the American Repertory Theater at Harvard University, vocation informs the subject of how Americans can live together.
“As a theater director, I believe that the audience is a key partner in my work. I also believe that audiences are a key partner in the work of a democracy. Audiences do not merely watch. When we attend a performance, we bring our bodies, as well as our hearts and our minds, to the acts of listening and watching: we show up for the experiences of other people,” they explained. “The act of showing up is a civic ritual with great power. The ancient Greeks knew this. In their theaters, which seated over 10,000 people, audiences wrestled collectively with stories of utmost importance to the state. In other times and places, too, from Sanskrit drama to Shakespeare's Globe, the theater's ability to assemble has always been viewed as inherently political, and potent.”
Much has been said about the way that theater can induce empathy, they continued. “However, I think that audiences' most important political power stems from a slightly different concept. When we empathize, we imagine ourselves able to inhabit the feelings or circumstances of others. Despite the importance of this ability, democracy in a country of over 320 million actually requires something else: to share space, time, and life with people whose feelings and circumstances are different from our own.”
In the 1980s, while the Cathedral's two west towers were under construction, the Cathedral held a design-a-carving competition for children. Word of the competition was spread nationwide through National Geographic World magazine. The third-place winner, Christopher Rader, submitted a drawing of that fearful villain: Star Wars' Darth Vader.
The fierce head was sculpted by Jay Hall Carpenter, carved by Patrick J. Plunkett, and placed high upon the northwest tower of the Cathedral. (The other winner designs were a raccoon, a girl with pigtails and braces, and a man with large teeth and an umbrella.)
How to find the Darth Vader Grotesque
Join one of the Gargoyle Tours (scheduled during May through September), or follow these steps:
Bring binoculars—Darth Vader is difficult to spot with the naked eye. Exit the Cathedral through the ramp door (near the Abraham Lincoln statue). Turn and look up at the closest tower; find the two large points (pinnacles), on the corners at the top of the tower, and a much smaller one in the center. Follow the center pinnacle down and find the first tiny peaked roof (gablet). Darth Vader is the “bump” on the right side of the roof.
Get 15% off a Gargoyle Tour
In December, Phillies general manager Ruben Amaro Jr. recapped a conversation they had with slugger Ryan Howard to a local radio station, saying, “I told them that in our situation it would probably bode better for the organization not with them but without him,” and adding, “if he's with us, then we'll work around him.”
Howard is still with the Phillies as they open spring training camp in Clearwater, Fla. And an important part of the process of working around him, apparently, is apologizing to them for stating publicly that their very presence hurts the team. From the Philadelphia Daily News:
Within the last two weeks, the embattled general manager spoke with the beleaguered first baseman. Amaro, mainly, wanted to make amends for comments they made concerning Howard's place on the team two months ago. “Frankly, I apologized for those comments that I made that were public,” Amaro said. “And I think they appreciated that. Other than that, I want to keep the conversation private. It was a good talk.”
Amaro traded away veterans Jimmy Rollins and Marlon Byrd this offseason, moves that seemed to indicate the coming of a long-awaited rebuilding phase in Philadelphia. But veterans like Howard, Cole Hamels, Cliff Lee, Jonathan Papelbon, Chase Utley, and Carlos Ruiz are still with the team, and Amaro has a lot of work to do to turn the franchise around.
Howard will be by far the most difficult piece to move, since the Phillies still owe them at least $60 million and he's nothing like the player they once are. By WAR (wins above replacement), actually, Amaro's initial statement was correct, however ill-advised: Howard has been worth -1.5 wins over the past three seasons compared to the average, readily available alternative at their position.
Presumably, the Phillies would have to swallow a ton of money to get rid of Howard now, so unless they simply want to turn the page and clear a roster spot, there's no sense giving them away when there's still some slim chance he'll turn their career around and prove a serviceable slugger again.
At this point, Amaro's best bet for recouping any bit of the payroll they owe Howard is to cross their fingers and hope for a recovery this spring or early this season, flipping Howard to whatever contender loses its first baseman to injury and needs to scramble for a replacement. And that process, naturally, will go a lot more smoothly if Howard and the team are on good terms. So Amaro's apology seems like a reasonable step.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for the opportunity to speak at this venue today.
Brexit has been one of the most discussed topics in recent months – another „crisis“, „the sign of the EU falling apart“, but in many countries actually a decision that made people realize how important the EU is and increase their support for the Union. But what has really happened so far? Mostly all talk and not much action. Since the referendum in June, the UK has treated us with a long period of silence. Or was it perhaps the calm before the storm? First somewhat concrete step towards the actual Brexit was Prime Minister May's speech a few weeks ago.But we expected more.
While the speech might have offered assurances to the domestic audience, there was very little information for us listening across the Channel. At the very least however, we have moved on from the often repeated “brexit means brexit” to “brexit means hard brexit”. The white paper published last week was again more of the same – nicely written seventy pages with very little tangible details and aimed at the domestic audience. To sum it up „Theresa May's speech means Theresa May's speech“. We are a bit confused – the main idea of a fairer, more open, and more Global Britain seems nice on paper, but how do you want to be open when one of the key elements of the plan is to stop the inflow of bright and hardworking people from all over the world that invested so much of their energy into making Britain great? How do you want to “reach beyond Europe” when your plan is to close yourself up and when you are best friends with a man who is basing their new administration on cutting their international ties? Once more, Theresa May mentioned the abuse of the freedom of movement as the reason for this plan.
A quick fact check – studies have repeatedly shown this is not the case. Yet here we are. Still wasting our time explaining these alternative facts but these claims still a part of the “reasoning”. But I will come back to this. Before the referendum last year, the EU tried to find a compromise that would prove to the UK citizens the benefits of membership in the EU. Did the referendum go the way it did because the EU-27 did not do enough or was it because there wasn't enough interest in the UK to explain the realities of the EU to the domestic audience? It's a seemingly obscure question, but still one of great importance as we once again find ourselves at the negotiating table. Should we pre-emptively assume that no matter what compromise we strive towards, the British audience will not be willing to listen to relevant facts and the political reality will win over the reality without adjectives?Having said that I would like to talk about our most and least preferred options and eventual outcomes of the whole process.
First, let's talk about what we would have wanted and will probably never get. There are many things that we would have liked to see regarding the UK in the EU. Mainly, UK staying in the EU, of course. The second best option would be the UK fully participating in the internal market with all four freedoms being applied without prejudice. We would also like to see the UK fulfilling its outstanding financial obligations and respecting the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice that would ensure a legal certainty to all citizens and firms across Europe. Basically, take Theresa May's speech, go step by step, and whatever they say, we would prefer it differently, making sure Europe and the UK remain closely connected. Unfortunately, many common projects are not in the cards anymore or, at the very least, are not likely to be achieved in full.
However, there is one thing that we can still agree on – defending our values and our continent. I am very pleased to see that Britain wants to still participate in common defence projects that help to fight against our common threats. We hope this is a thing where we can find a common ground. We live in a globalised world where threats are not bound to a specific location, but are primarily focused on destroying the foundations of our civilizations and values based on democracy and the respect to human rights. Whether we are talking about terrorism, organized crime or cyber threats, we have the same goals, which is to promote the prosperity of our economies and ensure security to our citizens. In this respect, I am sure we will still have a lot in common and should continue to work together – whether it is at the European level or through NATO. So at least here, we should be on the reasonably safe ground because we need each other.But there are many things we fear.
Hard Brexit itself is not what we would have wanted, but there is a good and bad way of doing it. The rhetoric that “no deal is better than a bad deal” is certainly the latter. The UK sometimes seems to be forgetting that it needs us too. Yes, UK is a big business partner for the EU, but so is the EU for the UK. This splendid isolation game regardless of the real consequences is dangerous. Establishment of both tariff and mainly non-tariff trade barriers may kill existing business ties. We also need to keep in mind that it is easier for European companies to rewire their business chains than for British companies. The UK's ambitions to have trade relations as close as possible without being a part of the single market and the customs union are frankly speaking unrealistic. The EU cannot undermine the very principles on which the internal market was established and has to ensure a level playing field.
The possibility of cherry-picking is the biggest danger that would devalue the existing efforts of all Member States. We cannot allow unhindered access to the single market in areas that suit the UK and limit access to the UK market for European companies. There must be some “Give” for all the UK's “Take”. This of course goes hand-in-hand with other issues – we also fear long running court battles on the outstanding commitments of the UK if the UK decides to simply walk. During these negotiations, we must stick to facts, especially at a time when populist half-truths and alternative facts seem to be ruling the media. Czechoslovakia managed to get divorced without much fuss. I believe we should strive for the similar effect here. Our legacy for future generations cannot be a world where the clock turned back a century and everybody is an enemy. However, we cannot achieve this if we continue to make unfounded claims about each other. I am speaking about the continuing and growing aggression towards other nationals, especially citizens from central Europe, in the UK. As I mentioned at the beginning, time and time again, numbers have shown that EU citizens contribute more to Britain's economy than they take out. Even so, this alternative fact, or let's call it what it is – a lie, once again re-surfaced in Theresa May's speech. Let's move beyond such tactics and build our new relationship on facts and respect, not populism and lies.
We have to be aware of all the implication now that the negotiation is fast approaching. Therefore, let me focus on our priorities. The Czech Republic is still part of the EU, no plans to leave – there won't be any czexit or czechout hashtags any time soon – and we respect our common position. Our focus will be, to put it very simply, on people and money. On citizens' rights and financial settlement. I am glad the UK also agrees that the status of people currently enjoying the freedom of movement privilege is one of the key issues that have to be addressed as soon as possible. We also have to do what's best for our economy. After Brexit, there will be areas where the UK will be badly missed. We will keep pushing the pro-trade agenda and keep pushing for the deepening of the internal market. Speaking here on university grounds, I also cannot but mention the significant role the UK has played so far when it comes to higher education and research. While it's not yet clear, what position the UK will take concerning its participation in programs aimed at supporting competitiveness such as Erasmus+ or Horizon 2020, one thing is for certain, without the UK's participation, we face a possibility of European research suffering. I hope the UK will continue to participate in European research and university exchanges. Cooperation and mutual respect is the way to move forward.
To conclude, even though negotiations will not be evidently easy, one thing has to be said clearly. Neither the Czech Republic nor the EU has the intent to punish the UK for the legitimate decision of its citizens. We have tight historic ties; have been long-standing allies and I sincerely believe this will not change. We should leave this process as partners as well. Let me remind you that during World War II, the Czech government in exile had its base in London; similarly, Czech pilots played a role in the success of the Royal Air Force. We must not forget these key historic moments, we must remember the heroism of our ancestors and continue to work together. All the same time, the Czech Republic is a Member of the European Union and will continue to defend its principles and unity of the integration. We still believe moving forward together is the best available and most efficient option for us. As was once said, no man is an island… except for Britain, of course.
Thank you for your time and I wish us all luck for the interesting times that await us.
The big headline in business papers today – that Reliance Communications (RCom) and Aircel will merge to create a 50:50 joint venture between Anil Ambani and Maxis Communications of Malaysia – is not the real one. The real headline should read: “RCom-Aircel merger prepares ground for one partner to exit at the appropriate time.” It could, of course, be both partners exiting in favour of a more moneyed giant. It is a case of promoter fatigue.
But first, a few details about how this merger of equals is going to be done. RCom will unload its customer-facing wireless business into a new special purpose vehicle (SPV), leaving the tower and global (Flag Telecom) units out of it. This SPV will then merge with Aircel, where both partners will have equal directors on the board, but both Anil Ambani and Maxis owner T Ananda Krishnan may stay out, leaving the company in professional hands. After this merger, both will dilute 12.5 percent each, and invite a third partner in an unstable menage a trois, leaving no dominant partner in the venture. Sistema, which got merged to RCom and retains a 10 percent stake in the company, is being asked to put in money. (Read the details here).
The merger is thus about getting somebody else to bring in extra money with a combined 25 percent stake dilution in their favour (possibly for around Rs 6,000 crore), with minimal additional cash commitments from the two main partners themselves. It is also significant that Ambani is keeping the tower business out, which means they will get cash for that sale, when it happens.
Advertisement
A cashless merger is like a loveless marriage of convenience. It is meant for a limited purpose and not for consummation.
The precipitating factor in this loveless marriage may have been the arrival with a bang of brother Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio, which is speeding up the pace of consolidation in the industry. But the problem with mergers is that the logic of two plus two equals five usually fails to deliver in the end.
The two plus two equal five logic in the RCom-Aircel case runs thus: the combined entity will have nearly 180 million users, with an 11-12 percent revenue market share. It will become the fourth largest telecom company in India after Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Idea. Plus, there is talk of synergies worth Rs 20,000 crore in operations and capex, and a large spectrum holding of nearly 450 Mhz across the country in 2G, 3G and 4G.
Advertisement
But the underlying logic of the merger, which will take at least six months to clear the regulatory and legal hurdles, is exit of one or both partners. It is not meant to be a marriage that lasts. Here's why:
First, no joint venture with equal ownership has ever lasted in India. And once the stakes are diluted to 37.5 percent each for RCom and Maxis after inducting a third partner, neither will have anything more than an investor's interest in the company. A promoter-less company offers the ideal opportunity for one or both partners to exit when the time is ripe. It makes no sense to keep idle investments only for dividends, and especially in an industry that is going to need more capital in future for spectrum and investment in tower networks.
Second, the merged entity will face a tough first two years, as the focus will have to be internal, not the customers, as networks, people, systems, and customer profiles are merged. The partners will also have to strengthen their spectrum holdings to retain customers when the profitable parts of demand shift from voice to data. The forthcoming spectrum auctions in October may need both Aircel and RCom to bid for some circles – raising the debt for both companies. This is probably why they want a third partner – to foot this bill. At the time of the merger, the debt profiles of both may be higher than now (Rs 14,000 crore each, adding to Rs 28,000 crore in the merged entity).
Advertisement
Third, both partners are underinvesting in customers and growth. In May, RCom lost over a million customers. And Aircel sold Rs 3,500 crore worth of 2,300 Mhz spectrum to Bharti Airtel in eight circles. This is hardly indicative of a promoter's willingness to stay in for the long haul. Cost savings are driving this merger.
Fourth, it is not clear how the rump listed entity – the one left with the tower and Flag Telecom business – will fare once the wireless part is carved out into an SPV. The SPV automatically provides a limited exit for RCom from telecom services, minus the hardware part (towers, Flag, etc).
So, make no mistake. This merger is about future exit by promoters, not anything else. It is defensive in nature in the short-term, to prevent a rapid erosion in enterprise value when the competition is hotting up.
Recently I came across an interesting gotcha with Boost.Pointer Container library in my project. Making some incorrect assumptions as to what the library does could cause a bug.
What would you use boost::ptr_vector for? Why would you need to have a vector of pointers, which you want to delete yourself? Is it because:
You want the objects to remain at the same address even if you re-allocate the array under the vector? You want to inter-operate with a library that already deals with owing pointers? You want it to be faster than if you were storing values in std::vector ? You want the “polymorphic behavior” of your objects?
If your reason is (1) or (2) and you are not concerned with performance too much, you would probably do the right thing.
If your reason is (3), it is likely that you would be picking the slower solution. But do not trust me on that: measure the two solutions and check if ptr_vector is really faster.
If your reason is (4) and your familiarity with ptr_vector is superficial (as was mine when writing this post), it is likely that you would be implementing a bug. In this post we will be exploring this use case.
Suppose we have the following base class representing an interface (in OO sense):
struct Consumer { virtual void consumeData(const Data&) {} // no-op by default virtual void consumeTime(const time&) {} // no-op by default virtual ~Consumer() {} };
It can be passed to any piece of work and do either of the two things:
Collect points in time, e.g. for measuring time, velocity, etc. Collect any arbitrary data, e.g. for logging
Any implementation of the interface can do both these things or only one. This is why we provide the default no-op implementation. For instance, if we want to implement a simple logger that adheres to this interface, we can do it like this:
struct CoutLogger : Consumer { void consumeData(const Data& d) override { std::cout << d; } };
No need to override consumeTime , the default no-op implementation will be used.
If, for some reason, we need to store this Consumer s in a collection, we could use a ptr_vector :
boost::ptr_vector<Consumer> make_consumers() { boost::ptr_vector<Consumer> ans; ans.push_back(new CoutLogger); // leak-safe, even on realloc // push_back more... return ans; }
Returning it by value works fine and, as we know, it does no (or at least does not have to do any) copying. Now, suppose that at some point we need to copy such vector. For instance, because we want to use it in multiple threads, and we want each thread to have a copy in order to avoid any data races, or locking problems. What happens if we copy a ptr_vector ?
The library knows that you expect elements to appear as though they were stored by value, so in order to fulfill this expectation, it will attempt to make a deep copy. But because it has no means of telling what the most derived type is stored under the pointer to Consumer , it will be copying elements assuming that their real type is Consumer . In other words, it will slice the objects. Thus a resulting copy, will only be storing pointers to Consumer , with trivial implementation of either member function! The worst thing about this is that such copy will compile, the program will be doing something that may even look correct. And likely we will learn about the problem only from the users!
This is perhaps one of the reasons why we should strive to make our interfaces abstract or at least non-copyable. My interface with default implementations may look fishy, but even if I want to preserve this idea I could have made the class abstract:
struct Consumer { virtual void consumeData(const Data&) {} virtual void consumeTime(const time&) {} virtual ~Consumer() = 0; // pure virtual destructor }; inline Consumer::~Consumer() {} // default implementation!
This exploits an interesting feature of C++: pure virtual functions can still have a body. One other thing I could have done with my interface is to inherit it from boost::noncopyable .
If I did either of that, the attempt to copy a ptr_vector<Consumer> would result in a compilation failure. That would be an improvement, but an ideal situation would be to have the copying do the right thing. It is doable, but it requires of us some effort. The procedure is described in detail here, in the library documentation. In short, you would have to augment the interface with some member function, like clone :
struct Consumer { virtual void consumeData(const Data&) {} virtual void consumeTime(const time&) {} virtual Consumer* clone() const = 0; // welcome to Java virtual ~Consumer() {} };
And force every implementation, to also implement it. Then, you would have to define one function, in order to teach the library how objects in your hierarchy are cloned:
inline Consumer* new_clone(const Consumer& c) { return c.clone(); }
But frankly, when you need to do this, I would consider using a value-semantic polymorphism instead as described in this post.
Advertisements
Aerial views of Jeremie, 188 kilometers west of Port-au-Prince, Haiti, on Oct. 10, 2016, following the passage of Hurricane Matthew. Nicolas Garcia/AFP/Getty Images
The Associated Press reported Tuesday that the Trump administration is reviewing crimes committed by Haitians as it considers whether to extend the temporary protected status granted those fleeing the country after the 2010 Haitian earthquake. From the AP:
The inquiries into the community's criminal history were made in internal U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services emails obtained by The Associated Press. They show the agency's newly appointed policy chief also wanted to know how many of the roughly 50,000 Haitians enrolled in the Temporary Protected Status program were taking advantage of public benefits, which they are not eligible to receive.
The emails don't make clear if Haitian misdeeds will be used to determine whether they can remain in the United States. The program is intended to help people from places beset by war or disasters and, normally, the decision to extend it depends on whether conditions in the immigrants' home country have improved enough for them to return. But emails suggest Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, who will make the decision, is looking at other criteria.
Haitian eligibility for temporary protected status has been renewed every 18 months since it was initially granted by President Obama in 2010. In an April memo to Kelly, Acting Citizenship and Immigration Services Director James McCament recommended extending eligibility for six additional months before a January termination. After the Miami Herald reported on the memo, 16 Democratic senators wrote to Kelly and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urging the preservation of eligibility. That followed a March bipartisan letter to Homeland Security from Sens. Marco Rubio and Bill Nelson, along with members of South Florida's congressional delegation, urging the same.
Letting eligibility expire would put an estimated 50,000 Haitians in the country at risk for deportation. Haiti is still coping with the impact of October's Hurricane Matthew, which has left hundreds of thousands displaced and food insecure, as well as a cholera epidemic that has infected nearly 5,000 people this year alone. “Its government is ill-equipped to assimilate any deportees, much less 50,000,” the Miami Herald's editorial board wrote in April. “And Haitians' U.S.-born children should not be removed from the only home they've known to one where food, education and healthcare are inadequate.”
The AP reports that Homeland Security declined to comment to them about their deliberations. A decision is expected by May 23, a mandated 60 days before Haitian eligibility is scheduled to expire.
In September, President Trump campaigned in Miami's Little Haiti neighborhood, where they condemned the Clintons for allegedly mishandling aid to Haitian earthquake victims. “Taxpayer dollars intended for Haiti and the earthquake victims went to a lot of the Clinton cronies,” they said. “Whether you vote for me or not I really want to be your biggest champion.”
Pro-Pakistan messages were seen after the IIT Madras website was hacked on Thursday morning
The students of IIT Madras received a rude shock on Thursday morning when they found the institute's website hacked and pro-Pakistan messages posted on it.The website apparently was hacked by one 'Faisal 1337x', who put the photo of the famous joker from the Batman movie "Dark Knight" in the garb of McDonald's mascot Ronald McDonald on its page.A message posted on the page read "Pakistan Zindabad" and "You don't know the power of Pakistan hackers"."I came to know sometime in the morning from students that the website was hacked," IIT Madras spokesperson Venkatraman told news agency IANS."The website overall worked fine, except the hacked pages," they added. The pages were restored after some time, and started working as usual.
Buy Photo Police fired dozens of shots during the incident with Vincente David Montano at an Antioch theater on Aug. 5, 2015. (Photo: Samuel M. Simpkins / The Tennessean)Buy Photo
Nashville police officers fired about 100 rounds at a suspect who attacked three people in an Antioch theater on Wednesday, according to police officials.
Police officials believe SWAT officers fired about 60 shots inside the theater, where the suspect, Vincente Montano, repeatedly engaged them. Police spokesperson Don Aaron said in an afternoon news conference Thursday that Montano pointed a gun at the officers and threw things at them, refusing officers' commands to stop.
Police said they were likely wounded inside the theater, but still refused officers' orders.
After Montano left the auditorium, they encountered police waiting outside. Montano had their hand under a backpack and a hatchet in their hand, leading police to believe they might be armed with an explosive, Aaron said.
At that time, police said, five officers fired about 40 additional shots and Montano was killed.
More details emerged Thursday about Montano's background, showing a man with a history of mental health illness. Police said they are working to determine what motivated the 29-year-old homeless man to attack a family at the theater with pepper spray and the hatchet. All three people injured in the attack were treated at the scene. Four other people in the theater at the time escaped uninjured.
Also Thursday, police said Montano had elements of an explosive device: a lighter, lighter fluid and a small propane canister.
Reach Stacey Barchenger at 615-726-8968 or on Twitter @sbarchenger.
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1SVMYBs
By the second minute of Marco Rubio's official Republican response to the President's State of the Union address last night, it was clear that the Senator's body was betraying him. Their lips caught each other in the way they do at moments of stress, when we are suddenly confronted, after long lapses of unthought, with the actual mechanics of speech. Under the hot lights, Rubio's mouth went dry. A few minutes later, sweat trickled down their right temple, and they moved their hand instinctively to wipe it away. The dry mouth persisted, and, at times, their eyes flashed with a kind of pleading and mounting desperation: the speech was less than halfway over, with words and words to go. Their hands, already large in the frame when they kept them low in front of him, flashed a few times to their lips. And then back to their temple.
By the eighth minute, they seemed to have adjusted, and it looked as if they might push through to the end. But then, three minutes later, they made a gamble and reached for a water bottle offscreen: they lurched down to their left and fumbled a bit, making a terrifyingly intimate moment of eye contact with the audience before taking a quick sip from an unfortunately tiny bottle and then ducking to put it back. They quickly returned to their speech, and spun out the final few minutes. But, by then, those eyes had turned faintly sad; while continuing to perform the words, Rubio looked as though they knew he'd made a mistake, and that all anyone would remember in the morning would be the image of them stooped to the edge of the frame, sheepishly grasping for the smallest plastic bottle of water in the District of Columbia.
It was a defensible act, and perhaps several minutes overdue, but physically clumsy to such a magnificent degree that it smudged out the actual meaning of everything they had said before and everything they would say after. That such a thing could happen, that Rubio's very human need for water in a time of stress could become the defining moment of a fourteen-minute policy speech, will be cited by many contrarians as further evidence of the shallowness and vapidity of the media class and of the public at large. Well, fine, but that's scoring easy points—and no one will suggest that what Rubio said about the housing crisis, government spending, or which party cares more about solving the immigration crisis is somehow not important or worth discussing. But it is significant, too, that the people watching the speech, people who are at once an audience to entertainment and participants in the civic enterprise, found it so transfixing. Twitter, which gives quick voice to the American cultural id, was the venue for a flood of mocking and gleeful gut responses. (The best, for my money, came later, from the flop-sweat extraordinaire Albert Brooks: “I didn't see Marco Rubio's speech but I just got a residual check.”) Yet the flexing cleverness may have obscured a deeper feeling that we, as seasoned viewers of bland and staged political theatre, had just made an uncomfortable personal connection that we were not expecting, and did not enjoy.
Of course, Rubio has been wronged by the Web before, rather cosmically so, when their featured speech at the Republican National Convention was obliterated by the Clint Eastwood empty-chair act that preceded it. Last night, Rubio showed all the signs of humility and good nature that we hope for in our politicians when they tweeted out a photo of the offending water bottle, with the hashtag #GOPResponse. The moment mattered, by this point, because even Rubio said that it did.
This morning, speaking to George Stephanopoulos, they even managed to turn it into a charming homily: “I needed water—what am I going to do? You know, it happens. God has a funny way of reminding us we're human.” They smiled as they said this, accepting the role of light foolishness. Making speeches is hard, they had reminded us. Meanwhile, Obama had just made it look easy—again. It's a good sign when someone can make fun of himself, but I doubt that Rubio went into the night thinking he'd be accepting this diminished pose.
Yet, maybe they did. The official response is always a losing hand. Cutting from the full House chamber, with its pomp and theatrics, to some darker, emptier place sets an also-ran tone that even a perfect speech can rarely overcome. It gives the entire performance a sodden, basement atmosphere, and makes the speaker seem not simply like the opposition politician kept in the wings to respond but like someone who didn't score an invite to the party, and so stayed at home to record a YouTube confessional. Rubio's aides and supporters must have been nodding along through the early moments of the speech; despite the onset of dry mouth, Rubio seemed calm and composed and sensible in a way that the Republicans haven't for at least one election cycle. Though talk has already turned to where Rubio's moment belongs in the pantheon of State of the Union-response dishonor, it likely won't manage to unseat Bobby Jindal's woeful performance, in 2009. Rubio's speech can be edited in a way that frames their best remarks; Jindal's, meanwhile, was a stilted and alarming wash from the moment they bounced into the room. At the very least, Rubio has given the political world a teaching moment: position a tall, clear glass of water on an easily accessible flat surface near the politician. Remind said politician to drink from it, if absolutely necessary, in a calm and resolute manner.
Watching the video for a second time this morning, with the full knowledge of what is to come, the entire thing takes on added drama and weight, which suggests that it may linger not merely as a “Nixon moment” in political history but as a durable Web artifact. Rubio's body seems locked in a struggle that we know they are sure to lose. If the video makes it across the threshold of few news cycles of late-night mockery, it will be because of those eyes, which give us, in just a few minutes, a full narrative arc of dread, desperation, decision, and regret.
A new movie just hit DVD, ‘Attack of the Vegan Zombies' [singlepic id=1118 w=320 h=240 float=right]
Dionne Talbott and their husband, Joe Bryant, own and operate a family vineyard. After yet another failed crop, Joe wants to give up on their dream and sell the vineyard. Dionne solicits the help of their mother Audra, a practicing witch, who casts a spell on the farm. The following year they have such a bountiful harvest that they hire an old friend, Professor Frank, to help them pick the grapes. Professor Frank gets four college students to join them over the weekend. While working, they begin to notice phenomenal growth rates for the vines. Professor Frank ventures into the woods to investigate the water supply after their neighbor disappears. Dionne becomes suspicious and confronts their mother about the exact nature of the spell. Audra finally admits to them and Joe the potential threat it brings: the vegetation may attack people and turn them into zombies! They immediately summon the four students inside the house for their own safety. After Joe finds Professor Frank's bag in the woods, they reach the conclusion that they may be a zombie. Their fears are compounded when their missing neighbor emerges as a zombie and attacks Joe and Dionne. They retreat to the house only to realize that it has become a prison. Unable to flee or call for help, they must stand and fight the vegan zombies the only way they can: by concocting a counter spell and face the zombies in their own fields.
(Read Pt.1 here)
“Solutionism presumes rather than investigates the problem it is trying to solve, reaching for the answer before the questions have been fully asked.” – Michael Dobbins
My last post left off talking about how scientism relates to technologism, which in turn relates to solutionism. I believe that the commonality between these three is a near total belief in systematic, orderly approaches to problems, and the failure to acknowledge nuance, pure subjectivity, and comparative ethics.
First, there is the orderly approach to problems. City Atlas made this post which riffed off of Sasaki's piece I mentioned last time.
Peo­ple seek short­cuts to hard prob­lems. Put another way by David Owen in an essay in the Wall Street Jour­nal, “[W]e already know more than enough, and we have for a long time. We just don't like the answers.” The rea­son for this is that the answers are some­times ugly. If we can cre­ate a pro­gram that allows us to geolo­cate road­kill, we con­sider our­selves smarter, hav­ing dis­cov­ered an elec­tronic “solu­tion” to this prob­lem plagu­ing soci­ety. We can sit back, happy that we used our incred­i­ble intel­li­gence to tackle an issue with­out even leav­ing the house. But what we, as a soci­ety, really need if these “solu­tions” are to become tan­gi­ble, is some­one who is will­ing to go out and actu­ally scrape a flat­tened squir­rel off of the side of the street.
This sentiment is pretty close to Stephen Duncomb's thoughts on what they term “ether activism” – when we throw out media activist strategies whose main goal is raising awareness, or merely providing the spectacle of a new narrative in contrast to the status quo. Civic apps can be like this – the products of a hackathon draw from really compelling concepts like big data or open government, with the idealistic notion that people are making an effort to produce something meaningful (versus nothing at all). But change is hard, and Duncomb believes that these transformative spectacles or narratives (“I Have a Dream”) “really has to be tied into on-the-ground organizing, and very specific programs. ” During the Civil Rights era, social movements followed the spectacles of Birmingham and King's speeches. The Black Panthers may be remembered for their militancy, but their substance was in the social programs they ran in Chicago and other cities, such as Free Breakfast for Children.
Civic apps are media activism. The products of socially conscious hackathons are idealistically intended to bring people together to work on issues in the public interest, without presuming a consensus on policy, strategy, or the systemic problems behind those issues. But the solutionism that happens in that context is a descendent of the technologist culture that spawned it, which is in turn a child of scientism. It is the presumption that we either understand an issue enough to create an effective response utilizing tools that are “safe” – like the methodology of scientists, the work of programers and civic hackers are objective, impersonal and easily subject to review. Like digital media itself, it is easily replicated, indexed, and modified. It relies on static results (or results that can be projected within reason).
Going back to the Pinker / humanities scholars debate, Ross Douhat believes that this method dictates a utilitarian worldview, and points out that “Pinker seems to have trouble imagining any reasoning person disagreeing about either the moral necessity of ‘maximizing human flourishing' or the content of what ‘flourishing' actually means — even though recent history furnishes plenty of examples and a decent imagination can furnish many more.” People and society cannot be quantified so cleanly. Katherine Hayles's “condition of virtuality” is about how there is a cultural perception” that “material objects are interpenetrated by information patterns”; the perception “finds instantiation in an array of powerful technologies.” At the same time, media and technology is not just an extension of the world, but an “institution”: after they are brought into our culture they become part of a reflexive feedback loop, and they change the culture that invented them.
In one of my interviews while researching this recently, I talked with someone who has been researching and working with data science, who had some qualms about in the future, if we allow the determinations of big data to interpenetrate our culture, how this might modify human behavior and society. As a metaphor, we can think about how one drives in the lines on the road – perhaps the car is capable of driving anywhere, over corners, perpendicular to the road, but we drive in the lines because we are encultured to doing so. The norms of traffic being what they are, only the inept would disobey the rules. Is there a possible data hegemony in our future? We can only hope not, because while traffic laws change the way we drive, the the utilitarianism of virtuality and scientism could change the nature of what it is to be human.
Gram Slattery has a great set of reasons why the humanities are still important, and I think it's easy to see how those perspectives could inform technologist products and civic hacks:
Happiness and fulfillment don't arise solely from indicators calculated by the World Bank, the U.S. Government, the IMF, and various NGOs. These indicators are a big piece of the puzzle — that's why the social and hard sciences are so valuable — but they'll never soothe our eternal angsts and self-doubts, or answer our most pressing existential questions. That's where the humanities come in. How do reconcile our sense of autonomy with a world dominated by Big Data and big corporations? How do we harmonize our desire to live meaningful, purposeful lives with the knowledge that the bureaucracies, municipalities, countries, and companies that we're part of existed before us and will exist long after us — with the knowledge that these structures are only growing and that our contributions are only becoming more insignificant with the passage of time? … When addressing these questions, Pinker would apparently put their faith in “cognitive psychology,” or biological analyses of the brain's functioning. But what happens when these methods make us even more anxious? How do we deal with a modern anxiety based, as TNR literary editor Leon Wieselter put it, on our “massified, datafied, quantified society,” in which we fear being reduced to “a sum total of materialistic influences”? Here, subjecting ourselves to more experiments and data-based analyses won't work; in fact, it'd backfire.
Wieselter's “sum total of materialistic influences” – this is virtuality, yes? Is this descending into an argument about whether or not people are more than the sum of their parts?
I don't know, but I do think this: empirical methods and science is reflexive to the point where it can acknowledge when there is a lack of information and an inability to provide definitive answers. In academia, scientists are willing to admit their faults (usually) and the limitations of their work. As my interviewee pointed out, this is not always true in the commercial sector or in the government. We like shortcuts, easy answers, and the feeling like we have done something by tabulating data. And while visualization is a good step to recognizing problems, it is not a solution in and of itself. At the same time, there is the assumption that big data = complete data. We do not always have all the information to make a completely useful result. But if Google Maps only shows me the best restaurants as they appear on Yelp (with it's problems) or as submitted by usrs (because everyone has a computer) or from a “dead” dataset (how many of those restraunts are still open or have there been changes in management?) how can I honestly expect to eat a great meal tonight, much less solve world hunger, increase voter turnout and stop climate change?
I kid, but seriously. There is a politics, an ethic, and a space for interdisciplinary work with all these issues. This brand of scientism/technologism/solutionism seems to erase the human problems that are inevitable when working in the real world.
Advertisements
Local Information:
Accessibility
(This is under construction. Please return for more information.)
Brasília is served by an international airport which handles around 19 million passengers a year. As part of the preparation for hosting the 2014 FIFA World Cup, the airport received massive investments, from both the public and private sectors, for the renovation of the passenger's terminals and the enlargement of the taxiways, which has allowed to almost double the number of positions available for aircraft and, thus, increase the number of available routes for both domestic and international flights. International flights directly connect Brasília with Santiago (Chile), Panama City (Panama), Miami (USA), Atlanta (USA), and Lisbon (Portugal).
It is also worthy mentioning that Brasília hosts one of the most important regional hubs in Brazil. There are direct flights from all the state capitals, including Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, Porto Alegre, Natal, Recife, among other places which are easily accessible directly from other continents and from other countries in the Americas.
Brasília is centrally located and well served by coaches from elsewhere in Brazil, but prices for internal flights are competitive and travel times much shorter.
Transportation
The airport is just 20 minutes away from the centre, where the hotels are. Taxis cost around € 15.00 and are a convenient way to go from and to the airport.
There is also an Executive Bus from the airport to the Hotels Sectors. It runs every half an hour and stops by the door of or conveniently close to the main hotels in these areas. The trip costs R$ 12.00 (around € 2.50).
Regular buses (lines 102, 102.1) also run from the airport to the main bus terminal in town, are frequent and quite cheap (€ 0.50). From the bus terminal you will need to catch another bus or a taxi to get to other places. If you do not speak Portuguese or do not know your way around, this is not recommended for you.
Visa Requirements
Brazil's foreign policy is based on reciprocity. The Brazilian immigration authority will not require application for a visa prior to travelling/entering the country if your own country does not require such from Brazilian nationals. Nationals of 86 countries can enter Brazil without a visa, including all EU countries. For those who need a visa, there is a special category for attendees of scientific meetings (VITUR), where a letter of invitation is needed. You should check with the Brazilian Consulate in your country what the requirements are. The organisation of the event will provide the required letters upon registration, in case you need them to apply for visas.
Accommodation
Brasília has a vast number of hotels. They are located in the central area, closer to the cross between the Monumental and the Residential Axes, about 10 minutes by car to the events venue.
We have negotiated special rates at the Comfort Suítes Brasília: Single: R$ 237,00 Double: R$ 280,00 Values are per night, breakfast is included, and taxes are not included (15%). In order to benefit from these rates, you need to contact the hotel directly via email (reservas.csb@atlanticahotels.com.br or eventos.csb@atlanticahotels.com.br) and cite the conferences.
Alternatives can be found at the usual search sites: Booking.com, airbnb, Trip Advisor, etc.
Shuttle Hotels/FINATEC/Social Events
The organisation will provide transportation from the North Hotels Sector (SHN, stop in front of the Comfort Suítes Brasíllia) to the FINATEC Building at the University of Brasília (UnB). The trips between UnB (ICC Norte) and UnB (Finatec) are for registered attendees of the tutorial "PVS for Computer Scientists". We will also provide transportation from the Finatec Building to the Itamaraty Palace, and from there to the APCEF (where the dinner will be held).
23/09/17 07:40:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 08:15:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 17:45:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN 18:00:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN
24/09/17 07:50:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 08:15:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 17:00:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN 17:30:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN
25/09/17 07:40:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 08:10:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦UnB (ICC Norte) 11:30:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 12:30:00 UnB (ICC Norte) ↦ UnB (Finatec) 13:50:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦UnB (ICC Norte) 17:30:00 UnB (ICC Norte) ↦ UnB (Finatec) 18:00:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN 18:30:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN
26/09/17 07:30:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 08:00:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 18:00:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN 18:30:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN
27/09/17 07:00:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 07:30:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 08:00:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 15:40:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦Itamaraty 16:10:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN 16:40:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ Itamaraty 17:00:00 Itamaraty ↦ APCEF 18:00:00 Itamaraty ↦ APCEF 21:00:00 APCEF ↦ SHN 21:30:00 APCEF ↦ SHN 22:00:00 APCEF ↦ SHN
28/09/17 07:00:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 07:30:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 08:00:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 17:20:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN 17:50:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN 18:30:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN
29/09/17 07:30:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 08:00:00 SHN ↦ UnB (Finatec) 17:15:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN 17:40:00 UnB (Finatec) ↦ SHN
Vaccination
Brazil does not require an International Certificate of Vaccination or Prophylaxis for entry into the country.
Travelers are encouraged, however, to ensure their routine immunizations are up to date (as recommended by their country of origin), since it is an effective and safe measure for the prevention of various diseases.
Brasília is not in the endemic area of yellow fever. However, it is also important that travellers take yellow fever vaccination 10 days before visiting forested areas or participating in ecotourism or rural tourism activities. For further information on yellow fever, please click here.
(source: Brazilian Ministry of Health)
Out and Around
Brasília is a modern, lively place, with a variety of attractions worth seeing. For those who like the urban environment and cultural activities, almost all public buildings are open for visitation, most of them with free guided tours. Besides the architectural features, they hold interesting art collections which are also open for visitation. For the more adventurous, we are in the middle of the Cerrado ecosystem, which makes trips to nearby parks and waterfalls a very pleasant experience. Some of the suggested places to visit include the National parks:
and nearby cities of historical interest:
The Ottawa Redblacks may not know until sometime Monday how long they'll be without quarterback Trevor Harris.
The good news: It may not be season-ending.
The question mark: How will they do with a new quarterback standing behind centre Jon Gott? Drew Tate will be that guy. It's not like he's a rookie — this is the 32-year-old's ninth season in the CFL, with a handful of starts under their belt. He's got 4,670 yards and 32 touchdowns, completing 380-of-572 passes.
“I don't want to (Trevor) to get hurt,” said Tate. “But, hey, that's why there's a backup quarterback — to step in and do a job. I just have to play better.”
Whatever the diagnosis — it looked like Harris hurt their right shoulder after being slung to the turf in the third quarter — the Redblacks need to push ahead and shrug off a 26-22 loss to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats Friday at TD Place.
After stepping into the lineup for Harris, Tate completed 8-of-13 passes for 114 yards.
“I know that guy, I know we can win with him,” said Redblacks coach Rick Campbell.
Up next is a Sunday afternoon date in Montreal for the Redblacks, who still cling to first place in the CFL East Division with a record of 4-7-1 (a point ahead of the struggling Toronto Argonauts).
“We're obviously pissed off about it, we have one day to sulk, after that we have to come back and get ready for Montreal,” said linebacker Taylor Reed, who was all over the field with 10 tackles and a sack.
“It's already behind me and I'm on to Montreal,” said Tate.
“You have to have a short memory, but you also have to cue in on the things that you can improve on,” said receiver Joshua Stangby, who had four catches for 54 yards and a touchdown. “We have leaders in this locker room who will make sure we continue to get better and do what we're supposed to do. We're going to put in a lot of work and get ready to bring the game to (Montreal).”
“Whether you win or whether you lose, you have to put it behind you, keep moving on and get ready to play the next game,” said Campbell. “This is a rollercoaster of emotions, it's just the way the season goes with ups and downs. There's another big game against an East team coming up. There's a lot of football left to play.”
The Redblacks need to play more like the team that won three straight coming into their date with the Ticats, who won their second game of the season. The Redblacks looked especially lethargic in the first half.
“I try to be honest with them,” said Campbell. “Our demeanour and our body language wasn't what it needed to be in the first half. I thought we were ready to go. If we show the enthusiasm and effort we had in the second half, we can be a pretty good football team. The first half wasn't good enough.”
“We were prepared, we had a good game plan, we just slipped a bit in the first half,” said Stangby.
Credit where credit is due. The Tiger-Cats, in their second game (both wins) under new head coach June Jones, brought it to the Redblacks, with QB Jeremiah Masoli leaving Ottawa's defenders guessing as they galloped out of the pocket and downfield for 73 yards during the game.
Said Campbell: “The quarterback brings a different dynamic — I always talk about making off-schedule plays, meaning the play breaks down and they can make something happen or make a guy miss. They did that and I'll give them credit, they made enough plays to win.”
It wasn't like the Redblacks went in taking the Tiger-Cats lightly. Even though they had won just once — the previous Monday against Toronto — their roster still has plenty of talent. And as Campbell likes to say, the CFL has parity — despite what the West standings seem to indicate when stacked up against the teams in the East.
“Doesn't matter what their record is, you can't start off like that,” said Reed. “We got ourselves in too deep a hole.”
“We had a couple of plays that, personally, I could have been better on,” said Stangby. “We weren't clicking in the first half, sometimes that's how football is. We responded well in the second half, it's one of those games we have to finish.”
“We had just won three (straight) games, we were playing a team that had won just one,” said fullback Patrick Lavoie. “Even on the sidelines, it felt like we were flat, it was tough to watch. It was a good week of practice, the guys were focused.
“Montreal wants to win badly, Hamilton wanted to win badly to get back on track … we need to be focused and make sure it doesn't happen again.”
WHITE AN ARGO: Former Redblacks cornerback Mitchell White, who was released by the NFL's Philadelphia Eagles, has signed with the Toronto Argonauts, that team announced Sunday.
THE REPORT CARD
Offence C-
The quarterbacks — both Trevor Harris and Drew Tate — weren't good enough. The offensive line wasn't good enough. The running back wasn't good enough. The receivers weren't good enough. The playcalling wasn't good enough. There, that about sums it up. Having said that, kudos to the Ticats' defence.
Defence C-
Just when things were starting to look so good. At times, it looked like the defence was in disarray, certainly unable to handle the double threat that Ticats QB Jeremiah Masoli is. It's not like this team should be overconfident or anything, based on how the first part of the season has gone.
Special Teams F
It's not like the Ticats broke any big punt or kickoff returns, but Demarr Aultman did have an impact, with 80 yards on seven punt returns. Kicker Brett Maher continued to slump, missing two field goals, including one from 25 yards out. Those things make a difference in tight games, right?
Twitter: @TimCBaines
F3 tornado Formed 20 August 1970 ( ) Max rating1 F3 tornado Damage CA$ 17 million Fatalities 6 fatalities Areas affected Sudbury, Ontario
Field, Ontario 1 Most severe tornado damage; see Fujita scale
The Sudbury tornado was an F3 tornado, which hit the Canadian city of Sudbury, Ontario, at approximately 8:30 a.m. on Thursday, August 20, 1970.[1]
It is currently tied for the status of the eighth deadliest tornado in Canadian history.
Storm [ edit ]
Considered unusual because tornadoes of this strength rarely occur in Northern Ontario,[2] the tornado touched down in the suburban community of Lively. The tornado tracked quickly eastward into the city, hitting the neighbourhoods of Copper Cliff, Robinson and Lockerby over the next ten minutes. Another tornado associated with the same storm also hit the community of Field, approximately 70 kilometres east of Sudbury, less than an hour later.
The storm continued through North Bay, uprooting some trees in the wilderness but avoiding any damage to the city.[3] It then tracked southeasterly toward Ottawa, leading the federal government to order a precautionary shutdown of its offices in the capital,[4] but the storm weakened around Chalk River and only a few millimetres of rain actually fell on Ottawa by the time it reached that city.[4]
Residents of the region had little warning of the storm as the Sudbury Airport did not at the time have weather radar capable of detecting tornado activity,[5] and the day's only weather forecast was for "showers".[6] The first public indication of the twister, instead, was a phone call to CKSO from a woman frantically reporting that their house was blowing away.[7]
Six people died and 200 were injured in the tornado, which caused an estimated $17 million in 1970 (which is $111.2 million in 2018) in damage,[7] including to Inco's copper smelter in Copper Cliff. A pipeline carrying iron-nickel concentrate to the plant collapsed onto a train track below, in turn causing a derailment when a train hit the collapsed pipe, but the incident resulted in only minor injuries.[8] The Inco Superstack, then under construction, swayed in the storm but was not heavily damaged.[3] Six workers were on the construction platform at the time, although all six survived.[9]
Minor damage was also reported to the Big Nickel, with some pitting of the stainless steel panels as rocks and debris hit the monument, although that structure also survived.[10] Damage was also reported to Memorial Hospital, Glad Tidings Tabernacle, and over 300 homes in Lively, Sudbury and Field.[11] Some streets in the affected neighbourhoods were flooded by up to a foot of water, and electrical and communications infrastructure was heavily damaged. For several days after the storm, amateur radio remained the only reliable method of communication into and out of the city.[12]
In Field, a lumber mill which was the town's primary employer was heavily damaged,[13] and a church roof was ripped off just minutes after parishioners had left the building after the end of the morning mass.[14]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Joe Fabbro, the mayor of Sudbury, and Len Turner, the mayor of Lively, each declared their respective communities disaster areas.[11] Both the federal and provincial governments immediately sent representatives to the city to assist, including provincial Attorney General Arthur Wishart, provincial municipal affairs minister Darcy McKeough[15] and federal housing minister Robert Andras.[14] With the company's operations temporarily disabled in the aftermath of the storm, Inco reassigned its employees to assist in rebuilding homes in Lively, which was at the time a company town in which most homes were owned by Inco rather than by private homeowners.[16] In Sudbury, a $2 million relief fund was quickly set up by Sudbury City Council.[17]
Despite the extent of the damage, however, many meteorologists initially resisted classifying the storm as a tornado;[18] although the pattern of damage was consistent with tornadic activity, there were no confirmed reports of a visible funnel cloud.[6] Although it is now generally understood that a tornado can occur without an identifiable funnel in certain weather conditions, this was not as widely accepted in the 1970s. It was not until 1972 that the Canada Atmospheric Environment Service published a final report confirming that a tornado had indeed taken place.[19]
See also [ edit ]
A Calgary man who claimed their neck was sliced by barbed wire on a popular mountain biking trail west of the city and then asked for financial donations online has turned themselves in after RCMP issued an arrest warrant.
Cochrane RCMP said Friday they have charged Stelianos Psaroudakis, 37, with fraud under $5,000 and public mischief after investigating their claims of being injured in the West Bragg Creek area.
Earlier in the day, RCMP had encouraged Psaroudakis to turn themselves in. They later showed up at the detachment in Cochrane.
Insp. Lauren Weare said Psaroudakis was genuinely injured earlier this month, but police believe they lied about how it happened to officers and the public.
"He did come in contact with wire, but they were riding an ATV at a different location at a different time," they said.
Weare said Psaroudakis suffered the injuries on private property where they were an invited guest.
"The injuries are legitimate, absolutely, but not in the manner that they reported," they said.
"There was no intentional putting up of barbed wire across the bike trail to hurt or injure cyclists."
Psaroudakis filed a police report about the alleged incident, spoke to reporters about it, and posted numerous photos online of injuries they claimed they had suffered while mountain biking.
They had asked for $8,000 in donations through GoFundMe, a popular crowdfunding website, but the campaign was later suspended after the company received complaints.
Many in the local mountain biking community had raised questions about Psaroudakis's story, noting details that didn't seem to add up.
Their crowdfunding campaign had received more than $800 in donations toward its $8,000 goal before being suspended and the funds frozen, pending an investigation.
On Friday, a GoFundMe spokesperson said all the money has now been refunded to the donors and Psaroudakis has been banned from using the platform in the future.
A screenshot shows Stelianos Psaroudakis's deactivated online fundraising campaign. (GoFundMe)
Earlier this month, Psaroudakis told CBC News they were out for a ride on the trails in the West Bragg Creek Provincial Recreation Area — about 40 kilometres west of Calgary — around 8 p.m. on July 5.
They claimed they were on their way down a hill, standing on their pedals, when was knocked off their bike by barbed wire strung between two trees.
They said their neck was sliced from side to side, more than half a centimetre deep in places, and they suffered a bruise on their back and laceration on their liver from the fall.
They displayed injuries on their neck and back to CBC News and other news organizations to support their claims.
Psaroudakis said a friend they were riding with at the time helped them take down the wire before driving them to hospital in Calgary.
They said they left their bike on the trail and when they returned the next day to retrieve it, the bike was gone.
Not 1st crowdfunding campaign
As part of the GoFundMe campaign, Psaroudakis said they wanted to raise $8,000 to buy a new bike, pay for medical bills and buy automated cameras to "donate" for the mountain bike trails in the area.
It's not the first time Psaroudakis has solicited donations online.
In June, they launched a separate GoFundMe campaign asking for money to help get their chihuahua back, saying the pet had escaped their home and had been impounded by the City of Calgary.
In March, they circulated a message soliciting donations of furniture that they said they wanted to collect to give to a yet-to-be-identified family in need so that they could "give a little boy or girl the room they deserve."
A screenshot shows a GoFundMe campaign shared from Stelianos Psaroudakis's Facebook account in May 2016 to raise funds to help 'rebuild Fort McMurray.' (Facebook)
And in May 2016, they created and shared a GoFundMe page asking for donations to "help rebuild" Fort McMurray after the wildfire that devastated the northern Alberta city.
That campaign raised just $10 before it was closed.
​CBC News has tried to reach Psaroudakis but they did not return phone calls.
Police thanked the public and the Bragg Creek mountain biking community for their assistance in the case.
Dr. Ben Carson, a likely 2016 presidential contender, tells Breitbart News that it is “absolutely vital” Americans stand up for Indiana Gov. Mike Pence's new religious freedom law.
Speaking about the Indiana Religious Freedom Restoration Act—which has drawn fire from the left—Carson said the First Amendment is one of the basic pillars and a founding principle of the nation.
“It is absolutely vital that we do all we can to allow Americans to practice their religious ways, while simultaneously ensuring that no one's beliefs infringe upon those of others. We should also serve as champions of freedom of religion throughout the world,” Carson tells Breitbart News.
They note that individuals committing horrific acts of intolerance are persecuting people across the world because of religion.
“As Americans, we have an obligation to denounce these acts of persecution. For when we stand up to such intolerance, we are defending the root of our freedom, both at home and abroad,” they said.
Pence, also a potential 2016 GOP contender, recently signed Indiana's law. The act creates a legal framework for anyone claiming a government regulation is infringing on their or their religious freedom. According to the Wall Street Journal, many business and association leaders have expressed concerns that the law would permit discrimination against gay people.
But, “this is not about discrimination,” Pence told The Washington Post. “We've been doing our level best to correct the gross mischaracterization of this law that has been spread all over the country.”
A strong anti-American undercurrent has always existed in Egypt, but such views are more normally associated with radicals and Islamists, and in reaction to American support for Israel.
But now anti-American sentiment is being stoked by an outpouring of dubious pronouncements from both state and private news media. Anti-Americanism has even been given the ultimate imprimatur of state tolerance: billboards. One next door to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, for instance, shows President Obama with a beard like those worn by the Brotherhood, alongside a more flattering picture of the clean-shaven military leader, Gen. Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi.
Youm 7, which claims to be the Arab world's biggest news Web site, recently invited reader reactions to a forum titled “America and Al Qaeda: One Hand Against Egypt.” Hundreds responded.
“Maybe it's insane,” allowed Khaled Salah, Youm 7's editor-in-chief, “but we are in a time when crazy things are happening.” Egypt's leaders have carefully avoided anti-American rhetoric, Mr. Salah said. “After a time, rationality will return.”
The origin of the idea of a terrorist-friendly America is opaque. Many cite money given to the Brotherhood, but what they are referring to is the $1.5 billion in American aid to the government of Egypt, which flowed to Mr. Morsi's government as it did to the government before it, and as it continues to do since the military takeover. Most of that, $1.2 billion, goes to the Egyptian military, and none of it goes to the Brotherhood.
In fact, Mr. Obama has taken a great deal of criticism for not cutting off aid to Egypt after the military crackdown killed more than 1,100 people, most of them Brotherhood protesters.
“We've been blamed by supporters of Morsi; we've been blamed by the other side as if we are supporters of Morsi,” Mr. Obama said on Aug. 15 when they announced the only real American sanction so far in response to the violence, the cancellation of a joint military exercise. “That kind of approach will do nothing to help Egyptians achieve the future that they deserve.”
It seems (according to one guru, but coming from this source, it's a left-handed compliment) that JavaScript is finally popular.
To me, a nerd from a tender age, this is something between a curse and a joke. (See if you are in my camp: isn't the green chick hotter?)
Brendan Eich convinced their pointy-haired boss at Netscape that the Navigator browser should have its own scripting language, and that only a new language would do, a new language designed and implemented in big hurry, and that no existing language should be considered for that role.
I don't know why Doug is making up stories. They aren't at Netscape. They have heard my recollections about JavaScript's birth directly, told in my keynotes at Ajax conferences. Revisionist shenanigans to advance a Microhoo C# agenda among Web developers?
Who knows, and it's hard to care, but in this week of the tenth anniversary of mozilla.org, a project I co-founded, I mean to tell some history.
As I've often said, and as others at Netscape can confirm, I was recruited to Netscape with the promise of “doing Scheme” in the browser. At least client engineering management including Tom Paquin, Michael Toy, and Rick Schell, along with some guy named Marc Andreessen, were convinced that Netscape should embed a programming language, in source form, in HTML. So it was hardly a case of me selling a “pointy-haired boss” — more the reverse.
Whether that language should be Schemed was an open question, but Scheme was the bait I went for in joining Netscape. Previously, at SGI, Nick Thompson had turned me on to SICP.
What was needed was a convincing proof of concept, AKA a demo. That, I delivered, and in too-short order it was a fait accompli.
Of course, by the time I joined Netscape, and then transferred out of the server group where I had been hired based on short-term requisition scarcity games (and where I had the pleasure of working briefly with the McCool twins and Ari Luotonen; later in 1995, Ari and I would create PAC), the Oak language had been renamed Java, and Netscape was negotiating with Sun to include it in Navigator.
The big debate inside Netscape therefore became “why two languages? why not just Java?” The answer was that two languages were required to serve the two mostly-disjoint audiences in the programming ziggurat who most deserved dedicated programming languages: the component authors, who wrote in C++ or (we hoped) Java; and the “scripters”, amateur or pro, who would write code directly embedded in HTML.
Whether any existing language could be used, instead of inventing a new one, was also not something I decided. The diktat from upper engineering management was that the language must “look like Java”. That ruled out Perl, Python, and Tcl, along with Scheme. Later, in 1996, John Ousterhout came by to pitch Tk and lament the missed opportunity for Tcl.
I'm not proud, but I'm happy that I chose Scheme-ish first-class functions and Self-ish (albeit singular) prototypes as the main ingredients. The Java influences, especially y2k Date bugs but also the primitive vs. object distinction (e.g., string vs. String ), were unfortunate.
Back to spring of 1995: I remember meeting Bill Joy during this period, and discussing fine points of garbage collection (card marking for efficient write barriers) with him. From the beginning, Bill grokked the idea of an easy-to-use “scripting language” as a companion to Java, analogous to VB‘s relationship to C++ in Microsoft's platform of the mid-nineties. They are, as far as I can tell, our champion at Sun.
Kipp Hickman and I had been studying Java in April and May 1995, and Kipp had started writing their own JVM. Kipp and I wrote the first version of NSPR as a portability layer underlying their JVM, and I used it for the same purpose when prototyping “Mocha” in early-to-mid-May.
Bill convinced us to drop Kipp's JVM because it would lack bug-for-bug compatibility with Sun's JVM (a wise observation in those early days). By this point “Mocha” had proven itself via rapid prototyping and embedding in Netscape Navigator 2.0 , which was in its pre-alpha development phase.
The rest is perverse, merciless history. JS beat Java on the client, rivaled only by Flash, which supports an offspring of JS, ActionScript.
So back to popularity. I can take it or leave it. Nevertheless, popular Ajax libraries, often crunched and minified and link-culled into different plaintext source forms, are schlepped around the Internet constantly. Can we not share?
One idea, mooted by many folks, most recently here by Doug, entails embedding crypto-hashes in potentially very long-lived script tag attributes. Is this a good idea?
Probably not, based both on theoretical soundness concerns about crypto-hash algorithms, and on well-known poisoning attacks.
A better idea, which I heard first from Rob Sayre: support an optional “canonical URL” for the script source, via a share attribute on HTML5 <script>:
<mce:script mce_src=”http://my.edge.cached.startup.com/dojo-1.0.0.js” shared=”http://o.aolcdn.com/dojo/1.0.0/dojo/dojo.xd.js”>
</mce:script><br />
If the browser has already downloaded the shared URL, and it still is valid according to HTTP caching rules, then it can use the cached (and pre-compiled!) script instead of downloading the src URL.
This avoids hash poisoning concerns. It requires only that the content author ensure that the src attribute name a file identical to the canonical (“popular”) version of the library named by the shared attribute. And of course, it requires that we trust the DNS. (Ulp.)
This scheme also avoids embedding inscrutable hashcodes in script tag attribute values.
Your comments are welcome.
Ok, back to JavaScript popularity. We know certain Ajax libraries are popular. Is JavaScript popular? It's hard to say. Some Ajax developers profess (and demonstrate) love for it. Yet many curses it, including me. I still think of it as a quickie love-child of C and Self. Dr. Johnson‘s words come to mind: “the part that is good is not original, and the part that is original is not good.”
Yet here we are. The web must evolve, or die. So too with JS, wherefore ES4. About which, more anon.
Firefox 3 looks like it will be popular too, based on space and time performance metrics. More on that soon, too.
EXCLUSIVE: Universal Pictures and NBC Universal Television Entertainment have closed a deal to turn Stephen King's mammoth novel series The Dark Tower into a feature film trilogy and a network TV series, both of which will be creatively steered by the Oscar-winning team behind A Beautiful Mind and The Da Vinci Code.
Ron Howard has committed to direct the initial feature film, as well as the first season of the TV series that will follow in close proximity. Akiva Goldsman will write the film, and the first season of the TV series. Howard's Imagine Entertainment partner Brian Grazer will produce, with Goldsman and the author.
When Deadline revealed in April that Howard, Goldman and Grazer planned to team with King, Universal was battling Warner Bros—home of Goldsman's Weed Road–for the property. The multi-platform deal was so comprehensive, it took months to close. It will be announced later today by Universal Pictures chairperson Adam Fogelson, co-chairperson Donna Langley, NBC Universal Television Entertainment chairperson Jeff Gaspin, and NBC & Universal Media Studios Primetime Entertainment president Angela Bromstad, all of whom pulled it together.
I spoke with Goldsman and Howard, who have polled enough of their peers to be convinced what they are doing here has never been attempted: using a major studio's film and TV platforms simultaneously to tell a story. It is reminiscent of when Peter Jackson directed three installments of The Lord of The Rings, back to back, so that they could be released in three consecutive years.
“What Peter did was a feat, cinematic history,” Howard told me. “The approach we're taking also stands on its own, but it's driven by the material. I love both, and like what's going on in TV. With this story, if you dedicated to one medium or another, there's the horrible risk of cheating material. The scope and scale call for a big screen budget. But if you committed only to films, you'd deny the audience the intimacy and nuance of some of these characters and a lot of cool twists and turns that make for jaw-dropping, compelling television. We've put some real time and deep thought into this, and a lot of conversations and analysis from a business standpoint, to get people to believe in this and take this leap with us. I hope audiences respond to it in a way that compels us to keep going after the first year or two of work. It's fresh territory for me, as a filmmaker.”
Considered King's answer to JRR Tolkien's Middle Earth trilogy, The Dark Tower revolves around Roland Deschain, the last living member of a knightly order of gunslingers, and humanity's last hope to save a civilization that will crumble unless they find the Dark Tower. Howard and Goldsman describe the world as “an alternate Americana, one part post-apocalyptic, one part Sergio Leone.”
Goldsman first mentioned The Dark Tower to Howard and Grazer while they worked on A Beautiful Mind nearly a decade ago.
“Akiva said, ‘Stephen will not let go of it, but it's like nothing else you've ever read,'” Howard recalled. “It was frustrating because it's one of those works where you read it, and then at odd times, the imagery and sensations just pop up in your mind. This is going to be an amazing life experience for us, trying to do justice to the story and the universe.”
King granted an option—for $19, a number relevant to the plotline–to JJ Abrams and their Lost partners Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse. They never cracked the sprawling plotline and all the characters. Goldsman pounced when the rights were available, but saw the same problems until Howard suggested using film and TV platforms. Though Howard famously grew up on a TV screen on The Andy Griffith Show, they haven't directed TV since the early 80s, but is eager to return. It seems hard to fathom he'd direct a full season's worth of episodes, but that is the early plan, and who says they have to do 22 to create that bridge to the next film?
The plan is to start with the feature film, and then create a bridge to the second feature with a season of TV episodes. That means the feature cast—and the big star who'll play Deschain—also has to appear in the TV series before returning to the second film. After that sequel is done, the TV series picks up again, this time focusing on Deschain as a young gunslinger. Those storylines will be informed by a prequel comic book series that King was heavily involved in plotting. The third film would pick up the mature Deshain as they complete their journey. They will benefit from being able to use the same sets cast and crew for the movie and TV, which could help contain costs on what will be a financially ambitious undertaking.
“We will certainly be looking to maximize both creative and fiscal opportunities by creating one enterprise that encompasses TV and movies,” Goldsman said. “Some of the shooting will likely encompass both platforms, and that has never been done before. It's thrilling, we feel like kids in a candy story.”
Goldsman is writing, and Howard said they and Grazer have cleared the decks to do this quickly. “I'm finishing The Dilemma, and then I don't have anything scheduled and I plan to work hard on this with Akiva and Brian,” Howard told me. “We will refine our take on the feature and TV shows. We have a clear view of what we want to do, and we're lucky to have a company with the nerve to back us up on this venture.”
Howard, Grazer and Goldsman will exec produce the TV series for Universal Media Studios. Kerry Foster will exec produce the first film for Weed Road, along with Imagine's Todd Hallowell and Erica Huggins.
A “Free Bradley Manning” sign during a demonstration outside Ft. Meade in Maryland on July30. Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
Bradley Manning and Edward Snowden's defenders make what seems like an unassailable argument grounded in democracy: In a democracy, the people discipline government officials who act badly by throwing them out of office, but they can do so only if they know what the government does. Hence, government policy and activities cannot be secret. Manning and Snowden, by defying secrecy, are heroes to democracy, as shown by Congress' efforts to revise NSA powers in light of Snowden's revelations.
But this “democracy requires transparency” argument is incomplete.
Consider the opposite argument, which we can call “democracy requires secrecy.” People exercise their democratic rights by directing the government to engage in various projects. In many cases, these projects can be effective only if they are secret. People who disclose projects that work best if they are conducted in secret undermine democracy by depriving the people of the most effective tools for governing themselves.
Thus, the debate is not “democracy vs. security,” as the press has invariably framed it. It is, paradoxically, “democracy vs. democracy.” The secret ballot is the most famous illustration of the essential role that secrecy plays in a democracy. The secrecy of the ballot protects people from intimidation so they can vote sincerely, but it also enables a dishonest government to manipulate elections since people's votes are not publicly verifiable.
Commentators always emphasize the importance of openness to democracy, forgetting that secrecy is just as essential. Often they treat secrecy as a disagreeable golem that lurks unwanted in our democracy, whose claims must be entertained but should be treated with the utmost skepticism. The New Yorker's John Cassidy, for example, celebrates Snowden (and Manning) for generating huge gains in public accountability, while discounting the government's claims that they caused serious harms to national security by revealing methods to enemies who can henceforth evade our spies.
Cassidy apparently doesn't believe these government claims, perhaps because the government doesn't offer up the corpses of agents as proof. But if the government can punish leakers only after proving that they have caused severe harm, then it will rarely be able to punish them, because the harm—or how the harm was caused—must itself remain secret for national security purposes. Courts have long recognized this problem, which is why they developed the state secrets privilege, which enables the government to avoid disclosures on its own say-so. This doctrine receives nothing but scorn from commentators, who should laud it for promoting democracy by empowering the people to direct the government to engage in secret activities.
Some say we can evade this paradox by limiting secrecy to narrow domains of government activity. The usual line is drawn around national security. But such an argument does not rescue Manning and Snowden—who disclosed national security–related secrets. And in any event, even this argument collapses before the democracy-vs.-democracy paradox.
It is precisely in cases of national emergency that the government poses the greatest threat to the people. When enemies threaten, the people are most willing to tolerate extraordinary action and put their trust in their leaders. If we don't know where the troops are, we might find out too late that they have crossed the Rubicon and taken up positions on the homeland. So if we willingly tolerate secrecy during emergencies, we ought to tolerate it whenever it furthers public purposes, even (or maybe especially) during normal times when the risk of government abuse is more limited.
Another reason is that, in fact, all kinds of “normal,” nonemergency policies require secrecy. When we pay taxes and submit bills to Medicare or Medicaid, we hope very much that the government can keep that information secret. The IRS's secret algorithm for detecting abuse of the 501(c)(4) tax exemption enraged conservatives because they believed that it was biased against conservative groups. But if the IRS were forced to disclose its auditing algorithms, tax cheaters could readily evade detection, and the democratically approved goal of raising revenue for public projects is defeated. Secrecy is just as essential to democratic governance as transparency is—neither is conclusively more important than the other—and the risk of abuse is the price we pay for the benefits of effective policy.
Could courts provide a way out of this thicket? Many think so, arguing that judges can prevent government abuse while protecting secrecy by examining compromising evidence in camera.
This sometimes works—judges can handle FOIA requests and trade secret disputes. But recent events prove that courts do not escape the paradox, and indeed are sometimes subject to it themselves. The secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court was set up to review intelligence-related surveillance activities. The court consists of regular judges with the independence that comes from lifetime tenure, but it deliberates in secret and issues secret opinions. The founders of the court sought to preserve secrecy while still subjecting the government to a check from the independent judicial branch so that it would not abuse its powers.
Yet rather than provide reassurance to the public by providing a check on secret government activities, the court itself has been tainted by its association with these activities. The judges are said to be biased toward the executive, and to be creating an enormous “secret body of law,” based on secret (and hence dubious) interpretations of public statutes. The story has gotten hold that the court does the bidding of Chief Justice John Roberts, who appoints the judges (mostly Republicans). And that is rubber stamps requests for warrants rather than scrutinizes them—having denied only 10 of more than 15,000 applications for warrants since 2001. (It hasn't occurred to anyone to ask how frequently regular courts turn down requests for warrants. Answer: Over an 11-year period “federal judges rejected at most four of 6,684 wiretap applications.”)
There is a significant irony at work here. Government filing cabinets overflow with thousands of secret legal opinions written over decades by executive-branch lawyers without the participation of any court. Secret legal opinions—“secret law,” if you want—must exist as long as secret government activity exists. I myself wrote one of these opinions when I was in the Justice Department 20 years ago (it involved a very unsexy accounting issue). If the CIA must follow the law, but cannot reveal its activities, then it must ask for legal advice which is then kept secret, given that any legal opinion must describe the (secret) facts to which it applies. The legal opinions are filed away, and then relied on when the question recurs, and thus they effectively become a body of secret “law.” The FISA court took over a small portion of this executive-branch secret lawmaking, but rather than increase our confidence in the executive branch, it has reduced our confidence in the court.
So then a court, too, cannot resolve the conflict between secrecy and transparency—or, as I have insisted on, democracy and democracy. But the solution is staring us in the face. Our representative (as opposed to direct) democracy does not require public knowledge of every government action. It is based on the idea that public intervention will be episodic, based largely on very broad outcomes (is the economy doing well? Do we feel secure?) and values (are government officials corrupt? Can we trust them?). It is not based on specific policy choices. An array of secret government actions will produce an observable outcome—prosperity and security at some level, or not—and on that (highly imperfect) basis the public votes. The risks associated with the loss of public control over specific policy choices in a large, representative democracy have been debated since the founding, but time and against this loss has been deemed a reasonable sacrifice in return for the benefits of living in a large, rich, and powerful country.
The row currently raging over the government's prosecution of Manning and pursuit of Snowden may remind us of these sacrifices, but it will not change anyone's minds about the advisability of them. Expect Congress to drop the subject or to legislate some narrow limits engraved with large loopholes. The government knows that the public will blame it for failing to stop a terrorist attack, and not for abstract harms like collecting and holding our metadata. Only real harms like the jailing of dissenters or harassment of innocents could lead to a substantial negative public reaction to NSA surveillance and meaningful changes in the law. For all their revelations, Manning and Snowden have not shown that such harms have occurred.
"Christianity in Mosul is dead, and a Christian holocaust is in our midst," said Mark Arabo, a Californian business person and Chaldean-American leader. In an interview with CNN's Jonathan Mann, they called what's happening in Iraq a "Christian genocide" and said "children are being beheaded, mothers are being raped and killed, and fathers are being hung."
"Right now, three thousand Christians are in Iraq fleeing to neighboring cities," they told Mann. Arabo is calling on the international community to follow France's lead and offer the Christians of Iraq asylum.
"You're startling me with the severity of what you're describing," the CNN host said. "You said they are --- beheading children?"
"They are systematically beheading children," Arabo repeated slowly. "And mothers and fathers. The world hasn't seen an evil like this for generations."
"There's actually a park in Mosul where they actually beheaded children and put their heads on a stick... this is crimes against humanity. They are doing the most horrendous, the most heart-breaking crimes that you can think of."
Mann asked about the ISIS letter sent to Christians in Mosul, demanding that they either convert to Islam, pay a fine or be put to "death by the sword."
"It's very clear they are killing people, but are Christians managing to escape by paying a fine?" they asked.
Arabo reports that after Christians pay the fine, the fighters take the Christian wives and children "and make them their wives - so it's really convert, or die."
This is a tweet that reportedly shows Yazidi children who escaped the fighters by fleeing to the mountains, but have died from lack of food and water there:
Ezidi Kurdish children are dying of thirst and hunger on Sinjar mountains. No more words for tragedy pic.twitter.com/A6jWKXh3mw @hrw — curdistani (@curdistani) August 6, 2014
A quick scan of Youtube shows the truth of what Arabo is saying - there are gruesome videos of heads on spikes, and many of live beheadings (one poor Christian is forced to say the Shahada 'there is no God but Allah and Muhammad is their Prophet' and then beheaded anyway.)
Warning: don't google these things unless you have a strong stomach.
"They are absolutely killing every Christian they see," Arabo said of ISIS. "This is absolutely a genocide in every sense of the word. They want everyone to convert, and they want sharia law to be the law of the land."
In 2012, the Heavy Blog staff was floored by an incredibly talented Australian progressive tech-death outfit called Gods of Eden. Their self titled debut was a few songs short of a progressive tech-death masterpiece. I urge you to check it out. This year, they have an album on the way and if their debut was any indication, it's bound to blow us all out of the water and we are proud to bring you the first taste of it.
Gods of Eden have been collaborating the past year with a visual artist named Ganesh Rao who is responsible for the ethereal video for Tesseract‘s ‘Eden 2.0‘ and the visual companion piece to an original song called ‘Empyreon.'
Ganesh and their production team create some of the most visually striking work as far as independent metal goes. “From the End of Heaven” is the first chapter in this story (yes there will be more of this), which depicts a cosmic twist on Egyptian mythology and it's absolutely stunning.
-CD
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
The Los Angeles Lakers have been working hard to acquire Dwight Howard from the Orlando Magic, and at first they were considered the frontrunners to land the All-Star center. However, it seems as though talks between the Lakers and Magic have ended and that the Brooklyn Nets will be the likely destination.
Ric Bucher of ESPN spoke on SportsCenter earlier today and they discussed the Lakers' chances of landing Howard.
“As of right now that's [Lakers getting Howard] dead, they can't get him.”
Bucher said the major obstacle preventing the Lakers-Magic deal is that neither Howard nor Andrew Bynum are willing to sign long-term with either team. Howard has said previously that they will only sign an extension with the Nets, and Bynum has expressed a desire to become a free-agent.
In addition, Howard is dealing with back issues and the Lakers may not want to risk losing Bynum for an injured center who may stay for only one season. Bucher went on to say that Howard may not be able to play at the start of the season, so the Lakers should be cautious about a trade.
Still, the biggest roadblock in all of this is Howard's reluctance to join the pantheon of great Lakers centers. The Los Angeles Lakers are the most historic franchise in the NBA and they have had generations filled with dominant big men. Howard understands the legacies they have to live up to if they become a Laker and it seems as though they do not want that pressure.
When a center of their stature goes to Los Angeles, everyone expects championships in return. If the Lakers win multiple championships in Howard's tenure, they will be looked at as one of the best centers the Lakers have had. However, with Kobe Bryant coming to the end of their career, Howard sees that the may be able to produce several titles. If they do not live up to expectations, Howard will be ridiculed by for years to come.
“When you become the center of the Los Angeles Lakers,” Bucher added, “it's a forgone conclusion, one championship might not be enough. You are supposed to win multiple championships.”
Making the second round of the playoffs in Brooklyn will make Howard the hero in New York, but that type of performance will never be accepted in Los Angeles. By joining the Nets, Howard will be the cornerstone to a “new” franchise and a new plan. There was never anything before him, meaning Howard can establish their own legacy. Whereas if they become a Laker, Howard will always have to live up to the great feats of Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Shaquille O'Neal.
Howard has now completed eight NBA seasons and so far they have averaged 18.4 points and 13.0 rebounds per game. Still, Howard does not have a polished offensive game and most of their points are off their dunk and due to their athletic ability. Every great center had a go-to move in the post, and their biggest competition, Andrew Bynum, has already developed a solid low-post game.
As for the other great Los Angeles Lakers centers, O'Neal, Abdul-Jabbar and Chamberlain, their numbers in their first eight seasons are frankly better than Howard's. O'Neal averaged 27.5 points and 12.4 rebounds, Abdul-Jabbar put up 29.5 points and 15.3 rebounds per game and Chamberlain averaged an amazing 37.6 points and 24.8 rebounds. In addition, all of these centers had already won one title by their eight season of play.
By the end of their time with the Los Angeles Lakers, O'Neal won three titles, Abdul-Jabbar claimed five and Chamberlain gained one. Howard sees these numbers and understands what is expected from theirs by the franchise. Being the franchise player for the Orlando Magic is nothing compared to being a center for this legendary team.
As for Andrew Bynum, the Lakers' current center , they have won two NBA championships and has averaged 11.7 points and 7.8 rebounds. However, in 2011-12 Bynum put up 18.7 points and 11.8 rebounds a game.
So think twice before jumping the ship on the Howard deal. The Lakers may be better off sticking with a center who understands the pressure of being the center of the Los Angeles Lakers. A player who knows they have to live up to the legacies of the other great big men, and as of this point, has done it. The Lakers ought to continue developing a 24-year-old center who already has more offensive moves than Howard does. Los Angeles should stick with Andrew Bynum and they may end up being the most dominate center in the NBA today.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DAVIS -- UC Davis is one of the first college campuses in the country to have a vending machine that offers the Plan B emergency contraceptive, otherwise known as the "morning after pill."
The vending machine appeared earlier this month near the activities and recreation center.
Former student senator Parteek Singh told FOX40 he's been working with the university to make this contraceptive more available since 2015.
Plan B from the machine is $30. The pill can also be purchased over the counter and most pharmacies for $40 to $50. The machine also sells condoms, tampons and pads, pregnancy tests and pain relievers like Tylenol and Advil.
Singh says he's been contacted by other universities and nonprofits interested in the vending machines.
Critics of the plan say some students may start to rely on Plan B, rather than using other methods of contraception.
With season 4 of Game of Thrones just around the corner, star Lena Headey spoke with Blastr about the show -- and a major scene coming up for Cersei. Spoilers ahead, folks.
Headey, who plays Cersei Lannister so deliciously on the HBO series, recently sat down with me as part of the press rounds for their new film, 300: Rise of an Empire. Inevitably, the conversation turned to Game of Thrones, which kicks off its fourth season on April 6th.
"Thrones just kind of goes from strength to strength," they said when asked about the upcoming season. "I think, because we have such brilliant people all over it and it just gets darker as we go on because the stakes are higher and they're all losing their morality in terms of survival. So the game really has begun."
Here's where we get into *SPOILERS*, especially if you haven't read the novels.
In the fifth book, A Dance with Dragons, Cersei's numerous machinations, both political and sexual, finally catch up with them and they are forced to do a Penance Walk, in which their head is shaved and they are stripped naked and forced to walk across King's Landing through jeering crowds. With the show's producers freely reordering events from the books for the series, I asked Headey if she'll take that little stroll this season.
"I think that's going to be next season," they speculated, adding that they are quite aware of what the Penance Walk entails and has spoken about it with showrunners David Benioff and D.B. Weiss.
"We talk about it a lot because I love her...you kind of grab David and Dan and you're like, 'What are you thinking?' And they love to tease you. They love to wind you up. Sometimes you think, 'oh, they're being serious,' because it's terrifying."
As for how they expect the Penance Walk will be handled, Headey said they think it will be staged in typically "raw" fashion.
"I think, you know, it's interesting, that part for me. I've been very adamant about keeping them kind of clothed because I think that's part of their power. And they can still be sort of sexual and weird and female, but they don't have to be naked. And I think it makes for a more shocking disempowering moment when this happens. So, we'll see. I'm a little scared."
Game of Thrones Season 4 premieres April 6 on HBO...which means we have a year to wait before we see Cersei do the Westeros walk of shame. How do you think the show - and Lena Headey - will handle it?
Get the biggest Weekday Cardiff City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cardiff City look set to sign Sammy Ameobi on a year-long loan deal after the player's sister confirmed they were moving to the Welsh capital.
Bluebirds boss Russell Slade faced a tug of war with fellow Championship side Wolves to sign the Newcastle United forward with the player expected to make a decision on their future this week.
poll loading Is Sammy Ameobi a good signing for Cardiff City? 500+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
And it looks as if the 23-year-old Ameobi will now head over the Severn Bridge for the season ahead to become Slade's second summer signing.
The move was confirmed by Ameobi's sister Titi who posted a photo to Instagram of the player heading for pastures new.
MORE: Why have Cardiff City missed out on their key transfer targets?
Ameobi had previously held talks with Slade about a loan move to Cardiff but with plenty of interest in their signature, the brother of former Toon striker Shola weighed up their options.
Cardiff, though, remained keen on the wideman who made 27 appearances for Newcastle last season and have been rewarded as Ameobi prepares to further their development in the Championship.
Ameobi, who will remain a Newcastle player while with the Bluebirds, had a previous loan spell in the Championship with Middlesbrough in the 2013-14 season.
We've supposedly seen the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 inside a case already, so it's really not surprising that one of its biggest competitors is now getting the same treatment. The LG G6 will be unveiled before the Galaxy S8, with an event planned for February 26. LG's device may also become available earlier than Samsung's latest and greatest, so we would have expected to see more leaks about the G6 these days - then again, the S8 is clearly the more eagerly anticipated phone.
The images you can see below come from case maker Ghostek, and they show an upcoming product from that company for the LG G6. Thankfully this means we also catch a few glimpses of the handset itself, even though it's inside the case in the first renders.
From the second image we find out that the G6 will be pretty thin, and also devoid of any unsightly camera bump. That said, the design of the back is inline with its LG-made predecessors, when it comes to the dual camera arrangement and the fingerprint scanner below that.
With the G6, LG is giving up on its modular dreams and instead presenting us with a metal and glass device that should sport a 5.7-inch 2880x1440 touchscreen and will probably be water resistant. As for specs, we hope to see the Snapdragon 835 in there, aided by at least 4GB of RAM.
As usual with such leaks, what's shown here can't be verified until LG announces the G6, and we're still more than a month away from that. So while there's a good chance that this is, at least roughly, what the smartphone will end up looking like, you have hopefully taken it with a pinch of salt.
Source | Via
Another 471,340 Ohioans enrolled in the expanded Medicaid program through Jan. 16. In Kentucky, 51,631 have enrolled in Medicaid coverage.
The HealthCare.gov website (Photo: File) Story Highlights As of Friday, Kentucky counted 150,665 signups or re-enrollments
Metro numbers: Cincinnati, including parts of Indiana, enrolls 37,639
Surge in enrollment in closing days that ended Sunday
The total number of Ohioans who signed up for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act went up more than 50 percent this year over 2014, and the total number of Kentucky residents who got policies through the state's exchange went up a whopping 82 percent.
Get Covered America, the nonprofit that encouraged Americans to sign up for health insurance, attributed the increases to customers having one-on-one help to get through the government system of purchasing health insurance. The new tax penalty for not having insurance also provided an incentive for people to go shopping.
"We've gone through this process for a year, and we have found what really works is in-person assistance. These are the navigators, the certified application counselors, people who are trained to help consumers understand all their health-care options," said Myles Bell, spokesperson for the Ohio operation of Get Covered America.
The open enrollment period for the Affordable Care Act this year started Nov. 15 and closed on Sunday – although those who began an application and didn't finish it by the deadline have until Feb. 22 to complete enrollment.
On Wednesday, the federal government reported the latest numbers on enrollment: 11.4 million Americans signed up or re-enrolled through Affordable Care Act marketplaces. In 2014, the first open enrollment, the total was 7 million nationwide.
In Ohio, the 2015 total was 234,507 people who re-enrolled or signed up for the first time – a 51 percent increase over 2014's total, 154,668.
In Kentucky, which operates its own health-insurance marketplace called kynect, the most recent 2015 enrollment numbers, released Friday, counted 150,665 total residents signing up for the first time or re-enrolling, an 82 percent increase from 2014's first kynect enrollment of 82,747.
Wednesday's report from the federal government had a 2015 enrollment breakdown for Ohio's four biggest metropolitan areas: In Cleveland-Elyria, 47,388; Columbus, 38,780; Cincinnati, including parts of Indiana, 37,639, and Dayton, 14,518.
Top Republicans continue to push for the repeal of the ACA. On their blog, House Speaker John Boehner earlier this month cited a West Chester business owner named 'Annemarie,' whose premiums had gone by up 26 percent in the last year under the law.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Boehner, a West Chester Republican, said the ACA is "hurting jobs, hurting family budgets, and hurting small businesses. We are listening, and we are committed to repealing ObamaCare so we can replace it with patient-centered reforms that lower costs and protect jobs."
A late surge
As happened last year, consumers surged into the marketplaces in the closing days of the open enrollment. About 20 percent of the Cincinnati enrollees signed up between Feb. 5 and 15.
Bell, of Get Covered America-Ohio, also attributed the bigger 2015 numbers to a growing awareness among consumers that financial assistance with insurance premiums was available. Government data show that about 84 percent of Ohioans who bought health insurance through the marketplace in 2014 received government help with premiums.
"A lot of studies we do have found that one of the biggest reason that people didn't sign up is the perceived affordability," Bell said. "Many people, with the financial help are paying under $100 a month for their premium. When people realize that financial assistance is available, they are more likely to enroll."
As people begin to prepare their 2014 taxes, they also are noticing that the tax penalty for not having insurance has kicked in. Bell said that factor pushed some consumers to take the plunge. "It is a motivating factor to see that for the first time on their taxes."
The tax penalty for 2014 is 1 percent of yearly income or $95. The penalty on 2015 taxes will be 2 percent of yearly income or $325.
In addition, the government said another 471,340 Ohioans enrolled in the expanded Medicaid program through Jan. 16. In 2014, 526,378 Ohioans enrolled in Medicaid.
In Kentucky, 51,631 have enrolled in Medicaid coverage; in 2014, the number was 438,148.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1A748kM
All this talk of sexism isn't going away, nor should it. The gaming industry's sick, and the symptoms are plain as day. Mystifyingly often, however, the immediate reaction to even the faintest hint of that suggestion is “No, nuh-uh! You just want to censor expression! Give me one good reason we actually need to change.”* Well, if you really want to move beyond “Because jeez, it's basic human decency to treat someone else the way you'd like to be treated,” Dragon Age III lead writer David Gaider's got a laundry list of practical reasons for you. 14 years at one of the most influential studios out there, after all, will do that to you. Especially when it's one that's certainly not innocent of mistakes and missteps of its own. Prior to Gaider's GDC talk on the very same subject, I caught up with them to discuss why sexism (and any sort of “-ism,” really) is bad for everyone: you, me, the industry, and of course, women or anyone else directly affected.
RPS: So what's the basic thesis of your GDC talk? I know you're discussing sex and sexism, but what conclusion are you ultimately trying to draw?
Gaider: Basically I'm saying that, from the perspective of a writer and a designer who's had to deal with a lot of romance in games – romance and sex – which brings me directly into confrontation issues and sexism and sexuality… Until we had broached that topic, it was kind of a side issue. I guess back in the day, when we were first starting with it, it wasn't something that the industry kept in mind at all. But the fact that we have charged directly into that field, that means… Sexism and sexuality issues are things that I end up having to deal with on a regular basis. I thought I could offer some feedback on that.
[pullquote]The fact that we've had to confront these issues has made us better developers.[/pullquote]
Essentially I guess the thrust of what I'm talking about is, the fact that we've had to confront these issues has made us better developers and has made our games more inclusive. That's a good thing. In the talk I'm discussing why the industry doesn't often treat that as more important, and maybe what we as an industry should be considering moving forward.
RPS: Did you see the recent thing about Remember Me, and the fact that the developer had to shop it around a bunch simply because their main character was female?
Gaider: Yeah, I find it interesting. I call it “accepted industry wisdom.” The thing about accepted industry wisdom is that you can't question it. Everyone just agrees. It's weird. The things that the industry decides are treated as incontrovertibly true until someone else comes along and proves them definitively wrong in a way that we cannot ignore. Then, of course, everyone jumps on it.
It's like back when EverQuest was at its height. I think it had about 800,000 subscribers. At the time, accepted industry wisdom said, “Okay, some other MMOs have tried to come out and jump on EverQuest's bandwagon and couldn't do it. Obviously 800,000 subscribers is the MMO market. That's capped out.” It was accepted. You couldn't get more than that. Those were the only people who were interested in playing MMOs. Then World of Warcraft came out and it was a game-changer. Everyone said, “Oh, I guess we were wrong.”
To say that about female protagonists – that they just don't sell [is myopic]. Over the last 10 years, how many titles have had female protagonists? And we're supposed to accept, from those particular titles, that a) that constitutes a pattern, and b) the only reason those games were unsuccessful is because they had female protagonists? That is a real leap of logic. What it is, it's just that accepted industry wisdom is often deciding that the reasons these things happen are because we've already come to an assumption and we're trying to justify that assumption. So yes, there is lots of that in the industry.
RPS: You used the phrase “definitively wrong.” Generally, in triple-A, the only way to make people feel that way is the bottom line. Money.
Gaider: Right. Ultimately that will always be the bottom line for the industry. Now, I think you would be wrong to characterize everyone in the industry as heartless and only driven by money. That's not true. But ultimately the industry at large is only going to listen once money is involved. If you were to ask me, not that by any means I'm an authority on the subject… If you were to ask me what would make the industry change its mind about female protagonists, it would take some game coming out and being completely financially successful such that people in the industry couldn't say, “Well, it was just because of this. Not because female protagonists are suddenly marketable.” It has to be something they couldn't ignore. The only way the industry can't ignore something is when money is involved.
RPS: The thing that throws me, though, is that it makes perfect monetary sense. It always has. Boring bald space commandos and city commandos and jungle commandos and shark commandos appeal to a pretty narrow group. Why do so many publishers refuse to see past them?
Gaider: They say this isn't something guys want to do. It's a strange bit of logic, to me anyway. It seems to say that maybe the people who are saying that, they wouldn't like that idea, and they're trying to justify it by projecting on that larger audience. I'm sure that if you talk to somebody who has experience in marketing, they would have lots of reasons or statistics to throw up as to why that would be the case. I'm not educated on it. This is coming from me with an outsider's perspective. I just find some of the logic involved a little self-serving. It seems to justify what we want to do instead of looking at what it's actually going to do.
RPS: But I would say you are in a position to really do something about it.
Gaider: Am I?
RPS: Well, you're helping guide a gigantic franchise on the creative side. That's a fair deal of power.
Gaider: I'm not in charge of anything. I'm a writer, which means that I have a lead designer, a project director, people higher up who provide me with parameters inside which I work. I can't just say, “You know what? Dragon Age is going to have a female protagonist on the box.” That's not my calling.
RPS: Nothing's that easy, no. But you are in a place that affords you significant influence.
Gaider: I'm in a place to offer input, and I do that, yes. There are lots of people on the team and we're all going to discuss it as a group. I think that the more discussion we have on issues like that, there will become a sense that [it's an issue]. I think what actually happens a lot in the industry is that some things are taken for granted. Nobody challenges them and talks about them. They're just accepted as a given. The more discussion there is about those issues, the more we will stop accepting these little nuggets of accepted industry wisdom as beyond question.
RPS: For you personally, is that the next step: to discuss more and create awareness? I mean, clearly, that's what your doing here.
Gaider: That's something that we've always done, at least on the BioWare side. I don't know that it's an agenda of mine, per se. I have an actual game to write. That's not my first concern. But it is a concern. If we're talking about how we need our big-budget games to sell to more people and have a larger audience, to say that that larger audience should only be 18-25 males exclusively… So, what, we're all going to fight over the same demographic? There are actual reasons why having diversity in your games and being inclusive of a larger audience has sound financial backing. If you're talking about that, maybe that's the only way the industry is going to listen. It takes somebody to do it and do it well and prove that this is something that makes financial sense before the industry will accept that maybe it's a thing.
RPS: You noted that it doesn't make sense to restrict audiences down to this tiny, largely young male demographic, and BioWare's trying to avoid that where its characters and themes are concerned. What about subject matter, though? Sci-fi and fantasy carry fairly narrow connotations – regardless of gender associations or whatever – and even subversions only get so much attention. How much will expanding game stories to more diverse audiences require moving outside that range of subject matter? How badly do you want to see games venture to new places?
Gaider: Don't get me wrong: I'm not suggesting the young male demographic is tiny. All I'm suggesting is that games shouldn't be limiting their audience right out of the gate. As you point out, things like choice of genre and mature content are already going to limit your audience to a degree… the answer isn't to only make family-rated games or to only make games of the most popular genres – though I'm sure that would work for some – but rather to keep our games accessible to as large an audience as we can. Let's experiment with difficult subjects and venture to new places, absolutely. Let's just take as many people with us to those new places as we can.
RPS: There's also the other side of it, in that there's a subset of people who are openly hostile toward the idea. This interview's going to get a string of incredibly negative comments. “Why would you talk about this? Why wouldn't you talk about dragons and ages?”
Gaider: Well, it's privilege, right? A lot of people treat that word with a very hostile attitude, because they feel like it's an attack word. But it's not. Privilege is just the assumption that something isn't a problem because it's not a problem for you personally. You're in a group that's normally being serviced, that's part of the majority. You're privileged because you're accustomed to being in that group that gets all the content. You're not necessarily interested in equality, because equality for you adds up to a lesser position – from your perspective – than you enjoyed before.
So yeah, there are definitely people who are going to be hostile to that idea. As nice as it is to be in the group that is being catered to exclusively, though… We're talking about the industry at large needing to have broader appeal and a larger fanbase. Yeah, there are some people who don't want that, because this is their playground. This is their treehouse, get out! But that's where the industry is going.
RPS: Then there's the other side of that particular coin. There was a thing on your Tumblr about it a while back, the stuff with the way that Isabela was dressed in Dragon Age II. There were a lot of people calling that out and saying, “Clearly, this is a very sexual depiction of a character.”
Gaider: Yeah. The thing I was discussing about that is, I understand why they would address it, because you have to look at Isabela in the context of the game she's in. I think there was balance in their depiction versus the depiction of other female characters. There was a reason why they were sexualized. And they were sexualized – it was on purpose. The thing that would bother me more is having a character who was sexualized who has no reason to be sexualized. If Aveline had had their armor cut to show their cleavage and stuff, how bizarre would that be?
But they're justified in challenging Isabela's depiction. Aside from the context of Isabela in their game, there is Isabela in the industry at large, and because this sexualization of female characters is so pervasive in the industry, to expect that anybody could at a glance look at Isabela and know that she's different is quite a leap. I mean, it's arguable. I'm not gonna say she's above reproach. In that context, maybe she's okay. But that's a big thing to expect. Of course there's a lot of people who are up in arms. Why wouldn't you be, because it seems like this is everywhere? At a glance, yes, you can look at Isabela and say, “Yes, that's a great example of what I'm talking about.”
RPS: Do you think that's an example of why, especially now, quality writing is becoming more important for games? In that context, Isabela could have been a very offensive character, had they not been an actual character, essentially.
Gaider: It's a funny line to walk. When someone starts arguing about something like sexualization of female characters, the automatic argument that some people go to is that they think you're arguing the exact opposite, that the only answer to having sexualized characters is to have every character be non-sexual completely. I don't think that's what anyone's suggesting. That's an extreme reaction to the problem, so I can see why some people might go that way – the answer is to cover everybody up with burqas or whatever.
[pullquote]These things do have to be individually challenged.[/pullquote]
The difference between sexy and sexualized… Sexy is good, but I think that a lot of people, they have a sexualized character and they think, “That's sexy. Everyone should think that's sexy and think that's a good thing to look at.” It becomes this pattern across the industry. That's when it becomes an issue. So yeah, these things do have to be individually challenged. They do have to be supported by the writing. I don't necessarily think it's a reason why writing is more important. I just think that it's a process you can't just cut out. The idea that, “Okay, we're going to have a female character. Let's create them as a sexualized character without even considering their place in the game or the variety of depictions of female characters.”
Or people of color in games. Those are things you should at some point stop and think about. If we happen to make a game that has a lot of female characters and every single one of them is sexualized… Even then, let's say the writing actually supported that and every one of those characters had a very valid reason to be sexualized. Well, maybe, at that point, you need to step back and say, “Why did we create a whole bunch of justifiably sexualized characters? What are we saying about those characters and about women that might end up being hostile to a female audience?”
It's not that you have to make a game that says, “Hey, female audience! We're here just for you!” No. It's about making a game that isn't telling the female audience, “You're not who we want to play this game.” Just disinviting them. That's something that the industry needs to get to. Not figuring out whether they should have pink boxes and unicorns because they think that would appeal to women. That's not what anybody is talking about, at least that I've ever seen.
Check back tomorrow for part two, in which we discuss fan reaction to Dragon Age 2, why it maybe got a bit more appreciation than it got, themes Dragon Age 3 will explore, and fantasy's ability to be more than simple wish fulfillment.
*This can also be translated as “I'm a blathering numbskull. Gobble gobble gobble ptttthrtppt” I'm sorry. I tried to be mature. Instead I just made you read more of the article.
They show how the feminist assumption that “men had it easier and were in control throughout history” is dead wrong. On the contrary, the history of gender relations has been one of “disposable males,” who died earlier, did the dirty work, went to war, and gave up everything to put women and children first. They show how an ethos of male disposibility was the norm until recently, for survival needs. Every woman was important to traditonal communities because they could prolong life through giving birth, and community survival was often in question. A much smaller number of men, on the other hand, are necessary to do the reproductive work, creating an imbalance resolved through male disposablilty. But the world has changed, and it is no longer necessary to place such value on female life and to consider males so disposable. Read the rest and see the video here: http://www.abovetopsecret.com/forum/thread790754/pg1
NCFM's Success
Make a Donation
Join NCFM
NCFM Freedom Endowment
UKT
Watch our
Feminimism
Over 2 Million Visits
KOF XIV Steam Edition Patch Releases [Updated 01/21/2019]
REAL ARCADE PRO. 3
Fighting Commander 4
Sega Saturn Gamepad
QanBa Joystick Plus
QanBa Arcade JoyStick 4018
Hori Fighting Stick Mini 3
Mad Catz FightStick TE S+ PS4
INJUSTICE FightStick for PS3
Mayflash Arcade Stick
Hi all,Once again, we want to thank you all for the feedback! It is greatly appreciated and helps us fix problems more effectively.I'm pleased to inform that we have just uploaded a new patch with version number 1.26 and Build ID 3452034.Please find below the most important fixes in this patch:- Minor change to Vanessa character skill. Full list of information can be found here:- Fixed issue where part of the character stretches on KOWe will keep improving the game and I will update you in this post as new patches are released.Regards,RichardPrevious patches:- Applied all changes as per PS4 patch 3.10. Full list of information can be found here:- Fixed cases when changes were made to key bindings that did not apply correctly.- Fixed crash in the list of available trials for Oswald and Najd- Fixed the shadow on the result screen and cutscene when shadows are turned off- Fixed saving issue with button configuration- Fixed issue where Mary's Straight Slicer couldn't be Super Canceled.- Several minor bug fixes- Balancing changes to several charactersFull patch notes can be found here:- Several minor bug fixes- Balancing changes to several charactersFull patch notes can be found here:- Fixed "THE KING OF FIGHTERS" achievement that was not unlocking in most cases.- Fixed issues in multi monitor setups with different DPI settings.- Fixed issue with the first pixel of a character being incorrectly displayed after Nvidia driver update.- Fixed issue where correct resolution not being applied- Fixed DSR for high resolution displays- Fixed continue in story mode- Fixed several crashes- Fixed several crashes introduced in the previous patch- Fixed a Japanese text input issue- Fixed several issues with resolution switching and resolution bigger than 1080p- Improved game stability- Fixed several graphical issues including Navajoland stage- Fixed command list not accessable during tutorial mode- Improved room search quality and speed for online matches- Fixed connection indicator not being accurate at all times- Fixed crashes occurring on some ATI video cards- Fixed issue with characters not being visible on some video cards- Improved video player performance- Fixed the Steam overlay issue experienced with Intel HD video cards- Fixed several audio issues before and during gameplay- Fixed crashes with 3rd party software as OBS and Xsplit Broadcaster- Several networking improvements- Fixed many Intel HD Graphics card issues reported by the community- Fixed "Living Legend" achievement not unlocking- Fixed issues where text wasn't showing up properly on the stage teleprompter- Fixed graphical glitch in Navajoland stage- Added support for 6 more controllers:- Fixed an issue with Japanese text input- Fixed multiple issues with displaying player names- Fixed online "Search Again" functionality not working correctly- Fixed button configuration and visualization issues- Added support for 3 more controllers:
Toronto's pandas continue to prove why they're so cute.
For the second time in less than two weeks, the Toronto Zoo has released video of their giant pandas frolicking in the snow.
READ MORE: Toronto Zoo pandas joyfully frolic in the snow after storm
Video posted to YouTube shows Da Mao playing with a snowman that was built Tuesday inside the panda's enclosure for “enrichment.”
Da Mao is seen scratching and climbing on top of the frozen figure.
At one point the snowman's head breaks off, sending the adult panda tumbling.
WATCH: Toronto Zoo panda bear enjoys the winter weather
Another video recorded on the zoo's security camera on Dec. 12 showed Da Mao somersaulting down a snowy slope.
Da Mao was joined by the zoo's twin panda cubs Jian Panpan — meaning “Canadian Hope” — and Jia Yueyue — “Canadian Joy” — pouncing and tumbling in the snow together.
The playful twins, both of whom celebrated their first birthday in October, have been a major attraction for the city.
Da Mao, who arrived on loan with partner Er Shun from China in 2013, gave birth to Jian Panpan and Jia Yueyue last year.
Da Mao and Er Shun are scheduled to move to the Calgary Zoo in the spring of 2018.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel urged Italy on Monday to pass an austerity budget to demonstrate that it is undertaking the reforms needed to restore confidence in the euro zone, as the currency slid against the dollar on concerns that Italy could be the next nation to fall victim to the debt crisis.
"Italy must itself send an important signal by agreeing on a budget that meets the need for frugality and consolidation," they told a joint news conference with Icelandic Prime Minister Johana Sigurdardottir in Berlin.
"I have full confidence that the Italian government will pass exactly this kind of budget, I discussed this yesterday with the Italian premier," said Merkel.
The chancellor signalled they were skeptikal about demands for a sharp increase in the euro rescue fund to help cope with the crisis. Over the weekend, the German newspaper Die Welt quoted an unnamed European Central Bank source as saying the European Financial Stability Facility, the euro zone's sovereign bailout fund, which has a nominal size of 440 billion ($616 billion) euros, was not large enough to protect Italy.
Merkel was speaking as top euro-zone finance officials met in Brussels to discuss a second bailout for Greece and the worsening situation in Italy. Investors have been unsettled by fears that Italy's planned budget cuts totalling 47 billion might be watered down in parliament.
Political Pressure on Italian Finance Minister
The cabinet approved the cuts at the end of June. They have yet to be approved by parliament.
Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti, until now regarded as the guarantor of a strict austerity program, is under mounting political pressure. On Friday, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said changes would be made to the austerity package. In a newspaper interview, they said politics was about votes. Tremonti, by contrast, wants to balance the budget by 2014 -- otherwise, they had warned last week, there would be a "catastrophe."
The political impasse has prompted financial markets to focus on Italy, whose debt-to-GDP ratio, at 120 percent, is second only to that of Greece in Europe. However, the Italian budget deficit is under control and the economy, the euro zone's third-largest, is far stronger than that of the high-debt nations Greece, Ireland and Portugal that have sought EU bailouts.
Merkel also said that Germany agreed with other leaders of the euro zone that Greece needed fast approval of a second bailout package and that Germany would do everything needed to defend the euro currency.
"Germany and all euro partners are steadfastly determined to defend the stability of the euro," they said. "Regarding Greece, I would like to say it must get a new program very quickly, within a very short time frame."
The euro slid Monday on concern about Italy, trading down 1.5 percent at $1.4050 at the start of US trading. European stock markets have also been falling.
Fatphobia is your mum saying “[Your boyfriend] can have as many donuts as they want but people like us are not allowed to have even one.”
Thin privilege is being able to eat as many sweets as you want without people caring.
Fat stigma is classifying people into different categories, those who are skinny and those (“like us”) who are apparently less than human to be allowed to eat the same food.
Fatphobia is mum telling you that you are not allowed to enjoy any food, not allowed to eat sweets all your life and encouraging dangerous dieting that makes you lose two pounds a week.
Thin privilege is playing a victim after being called out on all fat-hating bullying and saying it's only because you “care about health”.
Mars, Earth and the Sun are all set to line up in a cosmic alignment known as an 'Opposition'. Courtesy NASA.
THERE may not be life on Mars, but PLEASE: let there be light. And there was light. But where is it coming from?
An unexplained shard of light in a photo from NASA's Curiosity rover has got UFO enthusiasts excited, the Houston Chronicle reports (technically, it doesn't appear to be flying so it can't be a UFO, so there's one theory quashed - Unless, of course, it's refuelling).
Scott C. Waring, who runs the UFO Sightings Daily site, posted the photo on April 6.
Waring said the light shines upward, as if from the ground, and is very flat across the bottom.
“This could indicate there is intelligent life below the ground and uses light as we do,” Waring noted on their website. “This is not a glare from the sun, nor is it an artifact of the photo process.”
The strange light, spotted in a photo taken by the rover's right-hand navigation in a new study area known as the Kimberley, does not appear in pictures from the left-hand camera, suggesting the “light” is actually a speck of lost data, reports NBC. An imaging expert at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory says the blip appears to have been caused by a cosmic ray hit.
Although the space agency hasn't issued any statement about the phenomenon, bloggers and NASA watchers have chimed in on what is seen in the photo, which was sent over millions of kilometres of space before being picked up by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, the Houston Chronicle says.
Four different types of rock come converge at the Kimberley.
“This is the spot on the map we've been headed for, on a little rise that gives us a great view for context imaging of the outcrops at the Kimberley,” the Curiosity mission's Melissa Rice, of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, said.
So what do you think it is? Tell us below
Follow Andrew Banks on Twitter @newsbanks
The South claims death with as much loyalty as we claim our children. Lest we forget that this all will come to an end some day, each spring we pass cemeteries so bright they would shame an Impressionist painter. Sugarcoating gets a bad rap, but if anyone has found a way to soften the great blow of death, it is Southerners. To die is to trade up to a celestial world that never ends. We own death so it does not own us. You don't title a novel “As I Lay Dying,” as William Faulkner did, because it sounds sweet or catchy. Death is simply something we all will do.
J.T. Lowery, a former pastor and “roundabout member” at Old Liberty, misses when Decoration Day meant keeping company with headstones during dinner on the ground.
“We're spoiled by air conditioning now,” they say. Moving festivities inside, “it's a little more sanitary than it is outside.”
Outside is where Opal Flannigan remembers riding up in their parents' wagon as a little girl. They drove here from Florence to honor their mother, father, and great-nephew, whose headstones they sat among in a chair with the comfort of a concert goer or movie watcher.  They are in their 80s, and they have come to this cemetery each spring since they were 3 weeks old. Even when they and their husband lived in Michigan for 13 years, they came home for Decoration Day. As a child, Flannigan walked the perimeter of the cemetery this day ringing handbells.
“At the end, we had prayer,” they say.
Back then, Decoration Day required meticulous, ritual-like preparation. Them family ate fried chicken and vegetables on the grounds of the cemetery on starched white, embroidered tablecloths. The night before, Flannigan would sit at the kitchen table with their mother twisting crepe paper into roses and mums. They moistened the paper and pinched it, bundling homemade stems together with wire. They made more than 100 flowers at a time.
“Give me the roses while I live and not after I'm dead and gone,” their mother told them as they worked.
Flannigan fears Decoration Day will fade away though their nieces and nephews give them hope.
“The next generations might pick right up,” they say. “You don't know.”
Them own peace of mind is secondary for coming here.
“You ought to come here for your family,” Flannigan says. “It's for honoring them. We know they're not in their graves.”
It looks like a blimp, but the tether technically means it is an aerostat. This giant balloon-like device, the size of a football field, will soon keep watch over the nation's capital and a huge swath of the eastern seaboard.
JLENS, short for Joint Land Attack Cruise Missile Defense Elevated Netted Sensor, will float at an altitude of 10,000 feet, 24/7. Military leaders say the radar onboard will allow them to monitor spots where the United States has potential security gaps. "It's getting at an area where currently, you know, we have a risk," U.S. Army Major General Glenn Bramhall, Commander of the 263rd Army Air and Missile Defense Command, told Fox News.
A main selling point touted for JLENS - it will give commanders more time to make decisions, "You know that way, I don't have to worry about targets falling on the White House lawn," said Bramhall.
Its advantage is elevation - it can see over the horizon, an uninterrupted circle, 680 miles in diameter. JLENS also acts as a deterrent. "Obviously, JLENS is very visible and everyone's going to know it's there," said U.S. Army Captain Matt Villa, JLENS plans and coordination officer.
Based at Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland, it will feed information in real time to the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD).
In an era of information-gathering controversies, like the one surrounding the National Security Agency (NSA), people might be worried about a surveillance blimp floating in their vicinity. Military brass bent over backwards at a JLENS media event to put those fears to rest, "I can't stress enough, there are absolutely no cameras or video equipment on board the JLENS system. Its radars cannot detect people. It does not store information," said Captain Villa.
"Well that's directly contradicted by the documents that we received," said Ginger McCall, Associate Director of Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC). The independent non-profit research center filed Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) suit to get more information on JLENS's capabilities. McCall told Fox News, "because of the way things often work with mission creep, it would not be surprising at all if cameras were put on these devices in the future."
"We track flying objects," Bramhall responded when asked about privacy issues.
Low-flying cruise missiles are a growing concern. "I'm going to use a dirty word, I'm going to say the word profile. It's able to profile aircraft or objects that are flying through space," said Bramhall. The system can also ascertain size and speed. "We can determine if this thing is a 757 or a Cessna, or if it's flying at 450 feet... then it is a cruise missile."
Chet Nagle, director on the Committee on Present Danger , echoes the missile threat. "There are a lot of nations that will sell them to anyone who has money…they could put it on a ship for example, sail it a hundred miles off our coast and fire a cruise missile at the Capitol.
In the event of that worst case scenario, "the main goal here (for JLENS) is to be able to see it and that's the principal job of the aerostat is... to be able to detect it," said U.S. Army Lt. Col. William Pitts. Leaders say even four or five minutes more notice adds up to a lot of time.
The operational exercise is expected to last three years. It will test how well JLENS integrates with all other tools. Lt. Col. Pitts added, "It's a great system. It's operated by great soldiers and they're doing a great job every day protecting the homeland."
Washington DC based Fox News Producer Bree Tracey and Videographer Richard Cockerham contributed to this report.
Test Automation nowadays plays very important aspect in product testing. Hence more companies are focusing on providing Automated Testing services. There are multiple positives to go for test automation. This includes minimizing test execution time, ensuring larger coverage in less time in critical release phases, reliable and repetitive runs during product development phase to ensure no regression issues are introduced. Also it minimizes risk of human error or negligence while doing repetitive regression testing cycles.
There are a lot of tools available in market, both open source and paid ones. Though there are pros and cons of using both paid and open source tools, later category of tools is widely used across automation testing community. Choosing right automation tool according to project requirements is very tricky part, as it could get your test strategy past winners mark on other side it could prove to be disaster, decoupling testing and development planning in agile methodologies.
Below are 5 top open source iOS and android automation tools are most widely used and have wide community support.
1) Calabash (For Android and iOS)
What it is – calabash is open source acceptance testing framework for android and iOS automation. Calabash provides separate library for android and iOS automation. It's a cross platform framework and supports cucumber which enables to express behaviour of app in natural English language implementing BDD (Behaviour Driven Development).
Calabash provides a bridge that allows cucumber tests to run and validate on iOS and Android. Cucumber tests are written as list of statements which forms number of test scenarios. All the statements in cucumber are defined using Ruby language.
In Calabash, a cucumber statement must be defined only once but can be repeated for different scenarios of a cucumber script.
The actual tests are written in Gherkin, backed with Ruby code, and run in the context of the Cucumber Framework.
Pros
Large Community Support. Simple and expressive English like test statements Supports all actions on screen such as swipe, pinch, rotate, tap. Large and enthusiastic community. Cross platform development support(same code works for android as well as iOS devices)
Cons
After failure of test steps, all subsequent steps will be skipped. This can cause more severe product issue to be missed out. Takes time to run tests as it always installs App first by default. However this setting can be overridden by hook that we can configure in code. Requires calabash framework to be instrumented inside ipa file for iOS. We must have code of App in case of iOS. Not friendly to languages other than ruby.
2) Appium (Android and iOS)
What it is – Appium is an open source test automation framework by sauce labs for use with native, hybrid and mobile web apps. Appium library functions inside framework make calls to Appium server running in background which operates the connected device. It uses JSONWireProtocol internally to interact with iOS and Android apps using Selenium's WebDriver.
Unlike calabash which mainly supports development in ruby, Appium can be used in framework with language of your choice from Java, python, ruby and all other that selenium-webdriver supports.
Appium server gets hosted on Node server. One can start Appium server by firing set of Node commands. If using Appium Standalone Application as server (installable downloaded from Appium website), ‘Inspector' tool provides ability to locate/identify/operate on all locators of Application configured.
Pros
Supports multiple languages. Does not require Source code access. Cross platform script development. Large community support. Supports script recording on Mac Can extract identifiers using Appium Server application's ‘Inspector' tool. In built support for ‘Selendroid' by Appium Server desktop application. It also uses the vendor provided framework: UIAutomation for iOS, UIAutomator and Selendroid for android 4.2+ and 2.3+ respectively. Supports physical device as well as Emulators. Supports native, hybrid and mobile web application automation.
Cons
Frequent unstable releases for Appium Server desktop application. Script recording not available for Application server desktop application for Windows OS.
What it is – Robotium is open source test framework for developing functional, system and acceptance test scenarios. It is very similar to selenium however only for android. It's listed under Apache Licence 2.0.
Because of simplicity and ability to create powerful and robust automation scenarios, it's gaining popularity in test automation community.
It uses run time binding to GUI components hence. It installs test case suite as an application on android device or emulator and hence provides real environment for execution of tests.
Pros
Easy to write test scripts in minimal time. Automation of pre-installed apps is possible. Automatically follows current activity. Faster and robust test execution as compared to Appium due to run time binding with GUI components. Can work without access to code or knowing the implementation of app. Support for Activities, Dialogs, Toasts, Menus, Context Menus and other Android SDK controls.
Cons
Can't handle flash or web components. Supports development in Java. Can be slow on older devices. Does not support automation of iOS devices which can be dealbreaker where test strategy involves automation of both android and iOS device automation. No inbuilt support for record and playback. Paid tools available for recording such as TestDroid and Robotium Recorder.
What it is – Frank is iOS app automation framework and provides ability to write tests scenarios in structured English sentences using cucumber.
Frank requires it to be compiled inside application under test and hence changes are mandatory to your source code. It's a tool written mainly by some fellow Thought workers that uses a combination of Cucumber and JSON commands that are sent to a server running inside your native application, and leverages UISpec to run the commands.
Pros
Test scenarios are written in understandable English sentences with help of cucumber framework. Symbiote – Live inspection tool is included. Proves efficient when team is having experience on web automation framework with selenium, cucumber. Active community support. Continuously expanding library.
Cons
Limited support for gestures. A bit difficult to run tests on device. Modification to configuration file is required to run on real devices. Recording feature not available.
What it is – UIAutomator is tested framework by Google that provides advance UI testing of native android apps and games. It's java library containing API to create functional UI tests and also an execution engine to run the tests. This library comes in build with android SDK. Many tutorials are available for beginners to get started. Advantage is it gives special privileges to Junit test cases while running to access different processes. Even though it's good and simpler for native apps automation, it has very limited or almost no support web view automation. It only supports devices with API level 16 and above, however that should not be big factor or dealbreaker as most of the apps these days support API level 19 and above.
Pros
Simple and easy to learn tutorials are available. Library supported and maintained by google community. Third party paid integration with cloud based test management available.
Cons
Supports only android 4.1 and above. Script recording is not supported. Support is focused in for Java. You can't get current activity or Instrumentation. ‘WebView' is not currently supported and hence hybrid apps. Library support is in Java only so it's very hard if someone wants to blend it with cucumber which is in ruby. However, Java has its own BDD frameworks which can be used, not much in practice though.
Cheat Sheet for Open Source Automation Tools
Four suspected ISIS suicide bombers detonated their explosive belts in a northeast Lebanon border village early Monday, killing at least six people and wounding 19 others.
A security source told The Daily Star that four suicide bombers blew themselves up near a Lebanese Customs center in the village of Al-Qaa.
The army said in a statement that a suicide bomber blew themselves up around 4:20 a.m. near the residence of a Lebanese national in Al-Qaa.
The Lebanese Army had deployed to the sites of the blasts and asked citizens to remain in their homes over fears that other suicide bombers may plan further attacks.
The army estimated that the explosive belts used in the bombings weighed around 2 kilograms each.
Army Commander Gen. Jean Kahwagi arrived at the site of the explosion to inspect the area.
Moukalled then opened fire on them, prompting one of the suicide attackers to blow themselves up, while the remaining three headed to the village's center.
Lebanon last witnessed a double suicide attack on November 12, when two suicide bombers rocked a busy market street Burj al-Barajneh- an area associated with Hezbollah- killing 47 people and wounding over 200 others.
...
The rise of intermarried Jewish couples has prompted some rabbis, like Lewittes, to reimagine their roles as religious leaders—with job descriptions that aren't primarily focused on the observance of Jewish law. “My success as a rabbi will be measured to the extent that I can help people access their own authentic understanding of themselves as Jews,” Lewittes said.
Those demographic changes were part of the reason why the rabbis at B'nai Jeshurun decided to start performing intermarriages. “The general stance has been that if we don't do it, it won't happen,” said Felicia Sol, one of the rabbis at the synagogue. “What the statistics show, and the reality on the ground, is that's not true ... We could lose a generation, if not the future of Jewish life.”
Ultimately, though, the debate over intermarriage is not just a question of how best to get Jewish bodies into sanctuaries. It's also about theology and law. While the Reform and Reconstructionist movements see intermarriage as theologically permissible, if discouraged, Orthodox and Conservative interpretations of Halacha, or Jewish law, see marriage between Jews and non-Jews as forbidden. Rabbis in those movements will typically only officiate if the non-Jewish spouse converts.
“To bless an intermarried union is … to in some ways betray the very thing that I've given my life to, which is to try to maintain the Jewish tradition,” said David Wolpe, the senior rabbi at Sinai Temple in Los Angeles. “It may be beautiful, it may be loving, it may be worth celebrating on a human level. But on a Jewish level, it's not fine, and it can't be made fine.” Although rabbis would have to “have a heart of granite” not to feel sympathy toward young people who are in love and want to get married, “I don't necessarily feel that someone else's need is my obligation,” they said. “Someone else may need a rabbi to bless that union, or may want a rabbi to bless that union. It doesn't mean that I have to do it.”
While the Conservative movement strives to welcome mixed families into congregations, schools, and summer camps, it has to do so “within the bounds of Jewish law,” said Julie Schonfeld, the head of the Rabbinical Assembly. “Judaism is fundamentally countercultural in that it's all about boundaries.” While Conservative rabbis oversee a great number of “halachic, intensive conversions,” they said, there are limits to what the movement will do. “While emphasizing the openness of our communities to all who wish to come and worship with us, in regard to your question of whether the [Rabbinical Assembly] will consider permitting our members to perform intermarriages, the answer is no,” they wrote in a follow-up email after our interview.
The notion of legal boundaries is more complicated in Conservative Judaism than it is in Orthodoxy. The movement's rabbis have generally argued that Jewish law can be reinterpreted and adapted in response to the challenges of modern life. Over the years, this has included approving same-sex marriage, popularizing mixed-gender prayer services, and letting women lead worship services and read from the Torah—Judaism's sacred scrolls—on Shabbat and other holidays.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani spoke to the country Saturday, a day after nuclear talks between Iran and world powers, including the U.S., broke off, allowing the Iranian delegation to return home following the death of the president's 90-year-old mother.
Mr. Rouhani said in the taped, televised address to commemorate Nowruz, the Persian New Year, "World countries and big powers have realized that threats and sanctions are ineffective and the correct approach is to show understanding, agreement and respect towards the Iranian nation. We have stabilized the nuclear rights of this nation. We have broken apart the organization of sanctions and this nation will be successful in achieving its lofty goals."
The parties have been meeting since Tuesday in Lausanne, Switzerland. Iran's ISNA news agency reported the negotiations will resume Wednesday. But the U.S. State Department gave no information Friday on where and exactly when the talks will start up again.
Nearly a week of talks on curbing Iran's nuclear program ended with mixed reports. Some officials privately report progress between the Islamic Republic and six world powers. But others see a gap.
Iran and the P5 plus 1 nations -- Britain, China, France, Russia, United States and Germany -- face a March 31 deadline for a framework agreement.
Under an agreement, Iran would limit its uranium enrichment to prevent it from building a nuclear bomb. In exchange, the world powers would lift the sanctions that have wrecked the Iranian economy.
Iran denies wanting a bomb and insists its nuclear program is for peaceful civilian purposes.
The White House says President Barack Obama spoke to French President Francois Hollande Friday by telephone. They agreed that Iran must take steps to resolve the remaining issues in the nuclear talks.
Meanwhile, Secretary of State John Kerry offered "deepest condolences" to Rouhani's family and country, and also wished the people of Iran a good Persian new year, or Nowruz.
"Nowruz is the beginning of Spring, and in Farsi, it means 'new day,'" said Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, appearing with Kerry in Lausanne.
"I hope this new day will be a new day for the entire world – a new era of greater understanding and peace," said Zarif, echoing Kerry's hope that the year will bring "progress and peace."
Details of the agreement are due to be finalized by July.
Messages of hope
In a written message marking the holiday, Kerry praised the opportunity the represented by negotiations between Iran and the six world powers: the United States, plus China, France, Germany, Russia and the United Kingdom.
"It is my sincere hope that if Iran's leaders make the right choices – the necessary choices – in the ongoing nuclear talks … this new year and this new spring will mark a better future both for the Iranian people and for the world," they said.
In their own Nowruz message to Iranians, U.S. President Barack Obama said this year represents the "best opportunity in decades" to pursue a different relationship between the two countries.
"This moment may not come again soon,” they said in a White House video. “I believe that our nations have an historic opportunity to resolve this issue peacefully – an opportunity we should not miss.”
Obama said Iran's leaders have the choice to agree to a "reasonable" nuclear deal, which they said would end Iran's international isolation and provide "greater opportunities for the Iranian people."
If a deal is not reached, the president said Iran will continue on "a path that has isolated Iran, and the Iranian people, from so much of the world, caused so much hardship for Iranian families, and deprived so many young Iranians of the jobs and opportunities they deserve."
'Engage with dignity'
Foreign Minister Zarif said Friday via Twitter that "Iranians have already made their choice: Engage with dignity. It's high time for the U.S. and its allies to choose: pressure or agreement."
Iran claims its nuclear program is only for peaceful purposes, such as providing energy, but many countries fear it is trying to build a nuclear bomb.
After talks on Friday in Brussels with European Union leaders involved in the negotiations, EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said there were no differences between the Americans and the Europeans on the way forward.
"There is unity [in] the fact that we want a deal. We want a good deal ... that makes it impossible for Iran to develop a nuclear weapon," Mogherini said. "This would be beneficial for Iran, for sure, for the security of the region, for nonproliferation, so for the security of the world."
Negotiators have made progress, "but gaps remain," Obama said. They added that some people in the United States, Iran "and beyond … oppose a diplomatic resolution."
U.S. officials are downplaying a report suggesting Washington and Tehran are drafting elements of a nuclear deal that commits Iran to a 40 percent cut in the number of machines it could use to make an atomic bomb.
The Associated Press report, which quoted unnamed officials, said that in return, Iran would get quick relief from some crippling economic sanctions and a partial lifting of a U.N. embargo on conventional arms.
State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki on Thursday dismissed such reports as "inaccurate," and insisted no draft document is being circulated.
"The fundamental framework issues are still under comprehensive discussion," they said, saying that's what Kerry "is focused on now."
The early years of Scott Walker, including their much discussed time at Marquette University. Excerpted from a new book.
Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email
Scott Kevin Walker was born November 2, 1967 in Colorado Springs, Colorado, to Patricia Ann (née Fitch) and Llewellyn Scott Walker. Scott has one brother, David. The family moved to Wisconsin when Scott was ten years old.
Llew was a Baptist pastor, which let Walker label themselves a preacher's kid when it worked for their political career. In 2008, 76% of Wisconsin's population self-identified as Christian. Walker and their family currently attend a non-denominational evangelical church in Wauwatosa. In 2009, Walker spoke to The Christian Businessmen's Committee in Madison, Wisconsin and made clear their calling. The speech is still available on the internet.
Walker told this group that about the time many budding conservatives were casting a first vote for Ronald Reagan, they were committing to Jesus.
“I said, ‘Lord, I'm ready…not just in front of my Church and the world but most importantly at the foot of your Throne, I'm ready to follow you each and every day…I have just full out there said, ‘I'm going to trust in you Christ to tell me where to go. And to the best of my ability I'm going to obey where you lead me,' and that has made all the difference in the world to me, for good times and bad.”
Walker once characterized their time as a preacher's kid as living in a “fishbowl.” For an interview with the Wisconsin State Journal, they said:
“Everyone knew my father. And everywhere I went, they asked me to lead them in prayer. I was happy to do it, but I remember thinking at the time, ‘You know, this stuff isn't osmosis.'”
In a 2002 article, prior to their election for Milwaukee County Executive, Walker allowed a different image to emerge. The article touts how Walker formed a “Jesus U.S.A.” club at the age of seven.
Imagine a young Governor Walker skipping down the sidewalk holding a coffee can with a sign taped to it: Jesus U.S.A. Club. Picture the little tyke knocking on doors giving each neighbor a spiel to raise money for a flag pole. Now, fast forward forty years as Walker raises money to campaign.
The article also said, “As a teenager, they would sometimes serve as a stand-in preacher for vacationing area Baptist ministers during the summer.” No doubt, that is where they honed their speaking skills. Walker does not use a teleprompter. They do not even use notes to convey their message. Watching Walker's speech at the 2012 Republican National Committee convention, their awkwardness was apparent to those who have heard them speak. The teleprompter stood in their way of their normal smooth delivery.
In a 1990 Hilltop (Marquette University yearbook) interview, Walker further explained their convictions: “I really think there's a reason why God put all these political thoughts in my head.”
Those thoughts had been there a while. In 1985 while attending Delavan-Darian High School, Scott Walker was selected for Badger Boy's State – a week-long program of mock state government. They were then chosen to attend Boy's Nation, another week of mock-government programming sponsored by the American Legion.
An article in Walworth County Today shows an old photo of Scott Walker and says, “He's on their way to Washington, D.C.” The article continues by quoting a young Walker:
“Eventually, I'd really like to run for senator or representative,” Scott says of their career aspirations. But he's quick to add, “In politics, you have to play it by ear.”
Walker graduated in spring 1986. The high school yearbook has several photos available online, including one labeling Scott K. Walker “the Desperado” which is pictured below.
A member of the 2010-11 Delavan-Darian high school yearbook staff asked Walker for a history on the photo after they became governor. Walker really did not remember, but offered that a long-time schoolmate of theirs was the yearbook editor, and they probably had more photos in there than they deserved.
For those of us from the mullet era, the picture is just darned cute.
After high school, Walker attended Marquette University from fall of 1986 to spring of 1990. During that time, they returned to the American Legion programs as a counselor in the summers.
Walker lost a 1988 bid for Marquette Student President, but did not leave college. Though rumors persist they left because of discipline attached to the actions of their campaign for the race, there is no evidence of it being fact, nor does the timing fit their exit.
Walker did not earn a degree from the university. There are inconsistencies in their departure. For one, earning a triple major in four and a half years would be quite an accomplishment requiring a great number of credits.
In the 1990 Hilltop yearbook, an article on Walker explains:
“Planning to graduate in December of 1990 with a triple major of political science, economics and philosophy, Walker hopes to continue their political activities such as running for State Assembly against Gwendolyn Moore in 1990.”
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel revealed more details on Walker's college career in a July 2010 article:
“Walker released a letter from Marquette that showed they attended the school for four years, from 1986 to 1990, and would have needed to stay there for at least another year to get a degree. They had 94 credits and would have needed at least 36 more. The exact number of credits they needed isn't clear because students must take classes in certain areas of study to get degrees.”
That total would have been for one degree as Marquette generally requires 120 credits to graduate. Walker's Hilltop interview said they were expecting three degrees.
Another persistent rumor never proven is that Scott Walker left Marquette University for academic dishonesty. Research with several who made the claim could offer no more proof than their own opinions.
Glen Barry, PhD articulated their argument just before the June 2012 recall election:
“I wish I could say definitely why they never graduated – it is a closely guarded secret. I believe the general line of thinking – that Scott Walker was caught cheating. Both Walker and Marquette University should end their cover-up of what occurred. Instead Marquette hails Walkers as a “Marquette alumnus” even though they only attended and did not graduate.”
When asked for details Barry said, “No one knows, probably a deal between them and one priest, and they aren't talking.”
Louis Weisberg, Editor-in-Chief for The Wisconsin Gazette, The Voice of Progress for Wisconsin's LGBT Community, made a similar claim in June 2011 writing,
“As we saw during the budget standoff last winter, dirty tricks come easily to Walker, who was thrown out of Marquette University for cheating.”
When asked for specifics Weisberg replied, “…I wish that I had proof but I don't.”
Other interviews, including one with a former dance date, indicate Walker left for financial reasons. It simply became too expensive to stay. This assumption also fits with another piece of evidence: The State of Wisconsin filed in court to collect taxes against Walker's parents in 1987.
Marquette University Political Science Professor Emerita Janet K. Boles remembers Governor Scott Walker. In the April 25, 2002 edition of The Marquette Tribune, they gave a charming quote saying Walker “attended class every day in a three-piece suit. It was like teaching Alex Keaton.” Keaton was the character played by a young Michael J. Fox in the 1980's sitcom Family Ties. They also said Walker was, “an average student who was likeable, articulate, and interested in urban affairs.”
Professor Boles continued their recollection in a follow-up e-mail in May 2012:
“I do know that they attended class in a three-piece suit (because they were working at a bank, as I recall)–hence my Alex Keaton quip. I recall Walker clearly because of that unusual classroom appearance and also as a very polite person. Another story (that I read within the year in the Wisconsin Gazette) is that Walker was put on academic probation over the campaign violations. That I am certain is a false rumor; student government election violations would not bring sanctions from the university. I believe that Walker did leave MU in good standing (with GPA well above the level that would bring academic probation/expulsion). A GPA of 2.59 is below-average for MU students (given grade inflation) but translates into a BC average.”
A Washington Post biography of Governor Scott Walker says Walker is the first Wisconsin governor in 64 years without a college degree. But Walker now has their eye on a national office, bidding to join the rare group of U.S Presidents without a college degree. Harry Truman, 1945-1953, was the only President in the 20th century without one. Before Truman it was Grover Cleveland in the late 1800's.
This story is excepted from the book, “Scott Walker's Wisconsin: A Fairly Conservative Perspective,” by Cindy Kilkenny, 2012, available at amazon.com
Warning: contains moderate Breaking Bad spoilers; don't read on if you aren't up to speed with the latest episode
In one of the busiest sessions of this year's Edinburgh TV festival, Breaking Bad showrunner Vince Gilligan was interviewed by the Guardian's Charlie Brooker on stage, with Laura Fraser, who plays Lydia in the final season, part of an enthusiastic audience. Gilligan is notoriously tight-lipped on spoilers and gave nothing away about how Walter White's journey will end, nor did they reveal much more about the mooted Saul Goodman spin-off, other than to say, "Knock on wood, I have a good feeling about it." Gilligan did, however, reveal a number of BB anecdotes that were tastier than a Los Pollos Hermanos bargain bucket.
1. Jane's story could have been even darker
Brooker showed the clip of Walt watching Jesse's girlfriend Jane chokes to death in season two, explaining that it was the point at which they lost all sympathy for the lead character. Gilligan elaborated that it was the only time the network got in touch to express concern about the show's content. "That was the moment AMC and Sony called me up and said, this one makes us nervous. We had a big phone discussion about it." They went on to reveal that their original idea for the storyline had Walt administering a second dose of heroin: "he kills them on purpose". But this version never made it to the script stage - Gilligan was voted down by their writers. "It's that old story, if enough people tell you you're drunk, you need to sit down. I trust my six writers very much. They told me I was drunk at that point."
2. Mike was a hasty add-on
Jane's death was supposed to be covered up by Saul Goodman, but actor Bob Odenkirk was unavailable to film those scenes due to prior commitments: "So very quickly we came up with the character of Mike the cleaner. It was one of those happy accidents."
3. Breaking Bad looks the way it does because TVs are bigger now
The show's distinctive style is inspired by, among others, Sergio Leone, westerns and Akira Kurosawa, but there's a more prosaic reason that it looks the way it does, with those gorgeous wide shots of Albuquerque. "I realised we had the facility to do that with these big TVs we watch now, as opposed to the little tube TVs we had years ago," they said.
4. Hank was 'an asshole jock' until the writers got to know Dean Norris
Gilligan discussed how much Hank has changed since the early episodes. "[Hank] was by design everything that Walt was not, kind of asshole jock. Once I got to know Dean Norris, I started to realise how complex they are, and some of those facets made their way into the character. They became less of a jerk and more of a well-rounded character."
5. Vince Gilligan is Walter White
Gilligan started to work on the idea for the show after a two-year period of unemployment. "Breaking Bad came out of some issues I was having at the time," they said. "Walter White and I, unfortunately for me, share a lot of similarities. Pre-meth-cooking," they clarified. "Not Heisenberg." But Gilligan is not very good at science. "I never actually took a chemistry course in my life," they said.
March 23, 2012 (NAIROBI) - The efficiency of the RTS,S vaccine, designed to protect humans from the malaria parasite, varies with exposure to the disease and fades over time, a new study shows.
Researchers from KEMRI-Wellcome Trust Research Programme and Oxford University carried out the follow-up study on the vaccine in Kenya.
The vaccine, which was first formulated in the 1980s in Belgium, was reportedly designed to stimulate the immune system to defend the body against the Plasmodium Falciparum malaria parasite, as soon as it enters the bloodstream or infects the liver.
“The findings of the study will help to inform which populations are likely to benefit most from the vaccine candidate,” Wellcome Trust said in a statement.
“They also have important implications for the design of future clinical trials of this and other vaccine candidates and highlight the importance of long-term follow-up studies for assessing vaccine efficacy.”
The study reportedly involved 447 children in Kilifi, Kenya, who were part of an earlier phase two trial to assess the safety and efficacy of the vaccine candidate. According to the study, of the 447 children, 320 completed four years of follow-up.
“The new findings on long-term follow-up of an earlier phase two study reveal that the vaccine efficacy dropped from 43.6 percent protection against malaria in the first year to zero by the fourth year after vaccination,” it said.
Initial results from larger ongoing phase three studies showed that the candidate RTS,S vaccine reduced malaria over 12 months of follow-up by approximately half in young children and one-third in infants, it added.
“Despite the falling efficacy over time, there is still a clear benefit to the vaccine candidate. Many of the children will experience multiple episodes of clinical malaria infection, but overall we found that 65 cases of malaria were averted over the four-year period for every 100 children vaccinated,” said Phillip Dejon, a research fellow at the KEMRI Wellcome Trust Programme.
They added that researchers now need to look at whether offering a vaccine booster can sustain efficacy over a longer period.
According to the statement, the study also shows that relative vaccine efficacy declines with increasing exposure to malaria, from 45.1% among children with below-average exposure to 15.9% among children with above-average exposure to malaria.
“We need to consider whether relative efficacy or absolute number of cases averted is the more informative measure. In any case, these are important findings that will help to inform which populations are likely to benefit most from the vaccine,” said Ally Olotu, lead author of the study.
They said the ongoing phase three study will provide further insights to the vaccine's efficacy in different settings of malaria exposure and also includes an assessment of a booster dose to sustain efficacy over time.
Malaria remains the leading cause of illness and death among children in Africa, with a child reportedly dying from the disease every minute. Latest figures show that at least 1.4 billion people live in regions of stable malaria transmission worldwide.
In Sudan malaria remains a major public health problem, with an estimated 7.5 million cases resulting in 35,000 deaths per year, according to the UN Development Programme (UNDP).
In South Sudan the disease is endemic, with malaria a significant contributing factor to the country's high infant mortality rate – the fourth highest in the world.
(ST)
News » LA Dispensaries To Resume Operations After Judge Issues Injunction
When nearly 1,000 dispensaries opened in the Los Angeles area, it was viewed as many as a hailing to its Wild West roots as entrepreneurs rushed to get their piece of the new, legal, marijuana industry in California. That all came to a halt when the city council passed a draconian law making the majority of dispensaries illegal and forcing them to close. Several dispensaries continue to operate despite frequent raids by local authorities. Feeling that the law violated their rights, many of these businesses – nearly 100 – chose to sue the city hoping to have the new law overturned.
Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Anthony J. Mohr today agreed with their position, issuing an injunction against the new law. Legally this means that the city is once again limited in its ability to regulate and control medical marijuana dispensaries, at least for now.
The offending piece of wording that Judge Mohr found in the ordinance was a requirement that only allowed dispensaries register with the city after 2007, when a ban on new dispensaries was already in place. Mohr said that “the justification for using that date as a bright line was compromised, if not confounded, by the fact that it was unnecessary to register,” they wrote. “The requirement had ceased almost two months earlier, and no one could have anticipated that compliance with a dead statute would be necessary in order to continue as a collective three years later.”
The deadline was therefore “arbitrary and capricious such that it violates the equal protection clauses of the United State and the State of California.”
While attorneys for the dispensaries say that this will allow their clients to resume, or continue, their operations without fear of further raids. The judge did give the city options in how it could deal with the law. The may file an appeal, taking the case to trial in an attempt to prove the legality of the legislation, or the City Council could redraft the law altogether.
[source LA Times]
Tags: Anthony Mohr, court, disensaries, judge, la, Los Angeles, marijuana, medical, pot
Share. Companies partner for new licensing agreement. Companies partner for new licensing agreement.
Netflix and Warner Bros. TV have struck a deal today allowing U.S. Netflix members to stream complete previous seasons of dramas produced by the WB. Among the shows coming to Netflix are NBC's Revolution, A&E's Longmire, ABC's 666 Park Avenue, USA's Political Animals, as well as The Following with Kevin Bacon, which premieres on FOX later this month.
Additionally, Netflix is adding hit WBTV series Fringe, Chuck and The West Wing.
"This unprecedented agreement brings to Netflix members earlier and more exclusively than ever before complete previous seasons of some of the most prominent and successful shows on network and cable television," said Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos.
The agreement covers the current slate of eight Warner Bros. shows, as well as potential future shows. The various series will be made available via traditional syndication windows, electronic sell-through services and on a catch-up basis for recently aired episodes.
The press release says these shows will come to Netflix "next year," though it's likely we'll see these shows this fall, given previous series that have been put on Netflix around the same time the DVD season sets are released.
Update: We've checked with Netflix and Warner Bros. and are told the current seasons of ongoing shows will be available on Netflix this summer.
Max Nicholson is a writer for IGN, and they desperately seek your approval. Show them some love by following @Max_Nicholson on Twitter, or MaxNicholson on IGN.
Dear Mellows,
The first Mellow Drives have reached their destinations.
This was a big milestone for us and a reason to celebrate last week with the team. Here are the pictures of the day, we want to share with you.
Nevertheless there's still a lot of work to do. As we announced last week, we've had to increase quality controls. Assembly and pre-boxing testing since has revealed issues that weren't visible during simple inspection of the parts on reception. In the pressure to deliver, we optimistically gave you the same dates given by suppliers. Unfortunately, during assembly, we've had to reject components that didn't correspond to our precise specifications, requiring some suppliers to re-manufacture.
We are constantly reiterating to meet our goals and dedication to make no compromises. Setting the bar so high for ourselves does not make us immune to typical production problems that we continue to learn about, but it WILL guarantee a better product for you. We definitely want to make sure that every Mellow Drive meets 100% of our quality and safety standards.
This means that the delivery process gets slowed down a bit. We are having a detailed look at every single unit leaving the production hall until we are sure that a perfect routine has been established. This is a time consuming process that we underestimated. But we are getting up to speed.
The next shipping batch is now scheduled for the last week of April. We will keep you updated throughout the month when we have the exact figures up to which backer we will ship.
Our prognosis is that we won't manage to ship all remaining Kickstarter orders in one go. But the production quantities are rising every week so we will be able to almost catch up to our last published plan to ship all Kickstarter by end of April and all Pre-orders by mid/end of May.
And by the end of April both Mellow Apps for iOS and Android should also be available to download in the App Store and Play Store.
Stay tuned for further updates.
Speak to you soon,
Johannes & Kilian
Apple's next iPhone could come with a transparent screen, according to a patent granted to the company.
The technology could pave the way for Apple's step into augmented reality.
The patent also includes an OLED screen - something that has been rumoured from a number of sources to feature on the iPhone 8.
Scroll down for video
Apple's next iPhone could come with a transparent screen, according to a patent granted to the company. Stock image of a futuristic transparent phone, pictured
IPHONE 8 RUMOURS Several rumours have been circulating about the iPhone 8, and suggest the next device may have: - Dual-lens 3D camera - Augmented reality to generate real-time views of surroundings - Curved glass casing - Plastic OLED screen - Wireless charging - A folding element - New 5 inch (12.7 centimetre) and 5.8 inch (14.7 centimetre) models - A new 'pure white' model - Aluminum back will be replaced with two reinforced glass panes and a metal frame in the middle
'One or more openings in the display may form a window through which a user of the device may view an external object,' the patent says.
'Display pixels in the window region may be used in forming a heads-up display.'
Current features on the phone's face, like the camera, ear speaker and light sensors, could be hidden beneath the screen.
This is not the first evidence that points towards the world of augmented reality, that was made popular last year with the rise of Pokémon Go.
The iPhone maker is believed to be working with Carl Zeiss on an augmented reality project, which could go on sale this year.
The wearable headset would connect wirelessly to iPhones and show information that is superimposed onto a user's view of the real world.
'A Zeiss employee confirmed the rumors that Apple and Carl Zeiss AG are working on a light pair of augmented reality/mixed reality glasses that may be announced this year,' blogger Roberty Scoble wrote earlier this week.
The firm has talked about the project with potential suppliers for Google Glass-style headsets.
'Openings in the display may form a window through which a user of the device may view an external object,' the patent says
Earlier this week, another rumour surfaced saying the new phone will be designed with a stainless steel forging process that brings together two reinforced glass panels supported by a metal frame.
The rumour was first reported by Chinese newspaper DigiTimes, which revealed the new components would be ordered from Foxconn electronics US-based Jabil – firms who worked with Apple in creating the iPhone 4, reports 9To5Mac.
'The metal bezel will be made of stainless steel using a forging process to enhance its sturdiness and reduce costs and manufacturing time,' reports DigiTimes.
THE END OF GOOGLE GLASS Alphabet discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device earlier this year. This ends its attempt to popularise the expensive devices with consumers. The device received plenty of attention when it was launched in 2012, but quickly ran into problems with its awkward appearance and privacy concerns over video recording.
Other than giving the iPhone 8 a sleeker design, this move will ensure the glass panels in the front and back hold together.
And it should decrease costs by 30 per cent to 50 per cent.
Using stainless steel could send the iPhone 8 back in time, as this metal alloy was originally used on the iPhone 4 variants.
However, it would also mean this will be one of Apple's strongest smartphones yet.
This speculation is consistent with a major rumour – the iPhone could feature a curved OLED, which lets Apple include an edge-to-edge screen.
Aside from the rumours regarding the iPhone 8's body design, Apple received a new patent that also points to an edge-to-edge screen.
The patent, titled ‘Electronic devices having displays with openings' describes a method that places electronic components – such as cameras and speakers – underneath the screen.
The latest rumour to hit the web comes from an ‘upstream supply chain' that says the Cupertino company is ditching the aluminium back cover. Instead, it will be designed with a stainless steel forging process .Pictured is an iPhone 8 concept render
The patent, titled ‘Electronic devices having displays with openings' describes a method that places electronic components – such as cameras and speakers – underneath the screen. The openings would be so small they would be ‘imperceptible to the human eye'
According to AppleInsider, the openings on the screen would be so small they would be ‘imperceptible to the human eye' – resulting in a ‘true edge-to-edge screen'.
This setup would also make it possible to add in various sensors inside of the phone that could transmit information across the display.
‘An electronic component may be mounted in alignment with the one or more openings in the display,' reads the patent filed in February 2015.
‘Signals associated with the electronic component may pass through the openings.'
Apple could be moving forward with this design, as the firm is up against other smartphone makers to design the thinnest and compact smartphone. And the best way to do this is to remove all of the features from the outer areas and hide them underneath the screen
‘The signals may include acoustic signals, electromagnetic signals such as radio-frequency electromagnetic signals, and light.
‘The electronic component may be a structure that uses light such as a camera, a light sensor, a light-based proximity sensor, a status indicator light, a light-based touch sensor array, or a secondary display that has display pixels that may be viewed through the openings.'
Apple could be moving forward with this design, as the firm is up against other smartphone makers to design the thinnest and compact smartphone.
And the best way to do this is to remove all of the features from the outer areas and hide them underneath the screen.
The new design will bring together two reinforced glass panels supported by a metal frame. This will allow for an edge-to-edge screen, which is another rumour that has been floating around the web (pictured are artists impressions of the iPhone 8)
Just a month after the iPhone 7 hit the market, rumours began circulating about what to expect in 2017.
One of these speculations was the handset could feature an all-glass casing.
Experts say that the transition from metal to glass casing is key if Apple is to introduce a wireless charging feature in its next iPhone. The rumours were obtained by MacRumours, and come from Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst at KGI Securities.
Mr Kuo is uncertain whether a wireless charger will be bundled with all new iPhones, but is convinced that the feature will appear in the iPhone 8.
A metal alloy phone casing could potentially cause wireless charging speeds to be reduced, which is why a glass chassis could be used instead.
iOS users may have also heard that there could be three iPhone 8 smartphones to choose from this year – oppose to the traditional two Apple releases every year.
IPHONE 7 IN JET WHITE? When Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 in September, its brand new 'jet black' design sold out in a matter of hours. But it appears that a new 'jet white' version could soon be hitting stores. A video has emerged online which hints at what the white version could look like, if Apple does release such a device. Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? pic.twitter.com/pHoDiZ63ON — Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 27, 2016 Reports of a new white version first appeared in November, when Japanese site, Mac Otakara, suggested that Apple would add a sixth color option to its iPhone 7 line-up. Sources speaking to the website said: 'Apple seems to have a plan to add a pure white model to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus.' The website cited the source as a 'supplier'. 'But this information may be unreliable,' the site added. While no official 'jet white' iPhone has emerged yet, a video has appeared on Twitter which hints at what the device may look like. The post, by Sonny Dickson, a technology leaking site, says: 'Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7?' alongside a video showing an iPhone 7 and an iPhone 7 Plus, both with white casings.
According to Nikkei, there will be one premium model with a curved edge-to-edge OLED display alongside two models that have standard LCD displays. Citing a supply chain source, Nikkei says Apple will release the three iPhones in the following sizes: 5.5 inches, 5 inches, and 4.7 inches.
'Apple has tentatively decided that all the 5.5-inch, 5-inch and 4.7-inch models will have glass backs, departing from metal casings adopted by current iPhones, and Biel and Lens are likely to be providing all the glass backs for the new iPhones next year,' the source said.
All three iPhone 8 models will use glass supplied by Biel Crystal Manufactory and Lens Technology in China for both the front and back,
SGA votes to oust Administration and Finance VP Carlucci, deputies
The Student Government Association voted Wednesday night to unanimously, with one senator abstaining, call for the immediate resignation of Administration and Finance Vice President Carl Carlucci, Associate Vice President Emily Messa and Assistant Vice President Esmeralda Valdez after repeatedly voicing concerns about the disorganization and lack of leadership over auxiliary services, parking and transportation, HigherOne, an over-budget TDECU Stadium and disappearing funds for Hofheinz Pavilion renovations.
“I think what the issue boils down to is that they have people underneath them like Emily Messa and Esmeralda Valdez that demonstrated that they're entirely incompetent and unable to hold the positions they hold on this campus,” SGA President Charles Haston said. “Dr. Carlucci's solution to that is to take as many shortcuts as possible…he doesn't have a staff that's capable of actually doing their jobs.”
Haston has been butting heads with the Division of Administration and Finance since November, when during a public comment portion of Student Fee Advisory Committee hearings they commented that parts of a referendum passed by students were not honored.
According to an email obtained by The Cougar, an audit of the Higher Education Assistance Funds that were allocated for TDECU Stadium have been completed and will be made public before the Feb. 19 Board of Regents meeting.
Additional audits are underway to investigate the Request for Proposal-procurement process that is associated with the VenuWorks/Aramark contract that Carlucci initiated, as well as an audit looking into the Memorandum of Understanding agreement between students and the University that Haston said was “violated.” Another audit is looking into the SFAC process.
“Substantial” progress on the three unfinished audits will be done before the Feb. 19 meeting, of which a summary will be given to the Regents, according to the email.
The UH Faculty Senate executive committee, led by President and decision and information sciences professor Wynne Chin, wrote a resolution in support of Carlucci, telling SGA that while they understand the issues, Carlucci's supervision of the Division of Administration and Finance has overseen numerous changes on campus, such as the increase in residential housing and the improvement “of the overall community here at UH.”
“Faculty by definition, as scientists, need to get all the information,” Chin said. “If you're going to make a judgment, we need all the information. Until we actually get the other three (audits), we ourselves are not in a position to make an opinion. And that's why we made the resolution. It's just simply that we're going to have to continue to support (Carlucci) unless you have other evidence to the contrary.”
The Faculty Senate's resolution states that “it has found Dr. Carlucci and their staff to act only with the highest level of integrity and professionalism in forwarding our shared vision for the future of the University.”
“This University can never be stronger unless faculty and students continue to understand what the issues are,” Chin said. “Carlucci has spent a lot of time investing and ensuring that there is an operation under them that is focusing on a lot of the other areas besides the issues that have been raised recently by SGA.”
UPDATE: The University has responded to The Cougar saying it would be inappropriate for them “to comment further or provide interviews until all the facts of the (audits) are known.”
[email protected]
Less than a month after claiming they would not raise the Vietnam government debt ceiling, the National Assembly has done just that.
The legislature is scrambling to come to terms with the costs associated with the spectacular modernisation and growth experienced under former prime minster Nguyen Tan Dung, who served from 2006 to 2016 and has disappeared from the political scene since being replaced by Nguyen Xuan Phuc in May, and failing to gain support for the post of Communist Party chief, when current General Secretary, Nguyen Phu Trong was appointed for a second term.
VN Express reports that the Finance and Budget Commission estimated Vietnam public debt at over VND2.600 quadrillion (US$116 billion) at the end of 2015. This equates to 62.2 per cent of the nation's GDP.
According to Phung Quoc Hien, the National Assembly's deputy chairperson, “we should be worried that we are using about 3 dongs to pay back debts for every 10 dongs we make.”
AEC News Today Digital
The commission reported that all Vietnam public debt indicators, including Vietnam public debt to GDP and government revenue, as well as debt service to GDP and government revenue, are set to approach or exceed their safety limits. For example, the debt service to government revenue ratio hit 27.4 per cent last year, 9.6 per cent above the 25 per cent limit.
Worryingly, Vietnamese leaders are looking for new loans to repay funds that are already on the books. In 2014, the government used 14.2 per cent of total outstanding loans to pay off debt, according to the Vietnam Finance Ministry. Meanwhile, the World Bank estimates that this figure may have hit 16 per cent in 2015.
The increase in Vietnam's debt in recent years has been remarkable: in 2001 Vietnam public debt was just US$8.1 billion. VN Express quotes Finance Minister Dinh Tien Dung saying “public debt in the past five years has climbed 18.4 per cent on average and three times faster than economic growth.”
Government Debt Ceiling Increase
Even though members of the National Assembly initially said the government should reign in spending, instead of increasing the debt ceiling, earlier this month the body approved a government resolution to raise the ratio of Vietnam government debt from 50 to 54 per cent of GDP, just under the 55 per cent that had originally been proposed.
However, according to VN Express, this debt category has already hit 53.2 per cent of GDP.
The National Assembly also set a revenue target of VND6,846 trillion (US$306.51 billion) for the next five years and left the public and foreign debt ceilings unchanged at 65 per cent and 50 per cent of GDP, respectively.
This comes as revenue has fallen recently, especially due to low crude oil prices. Official statistics show that oil revenue made up 30 per cent of the Vietnam national budget in 2005, 20 percent in 2010, and just 10 per cent in 2015.
Impact on Development
These struggles are now impacting Vietnam's development plans, which will have long-term consequences. For example, Deutsche Welle recently reported the government has scrapped plans to build two nuclear power plants in the south-central province of Ninh Thuan.
The plants were announced in 2010 as part of an ambitious nuclear energy plan and would have involved technical expertise and financing from Russia and Japan.
Demand for energy in Vietnam is growing fast thanks to rapid urbanisation. The country desperately needs to find energy sources besides its growing network of coal-fired pants. However, the cost of the two plants had ballooned to around US$18 billion, according to Deutsche Welle, forcing the government to pull the plug.
Hanoi Eye's HCMC's Fat Purse
Meanwhile, Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC), Vietnam's largest economic engine, is being forced to surrender more of its income to the central government, hampering vital infrastructure projects.
HCMC's leaders are working to make the city more friendly to investors through expensive projects such as the long delayed metro system (See: Hanoi & HCMC Metros Struggling to Get on Track).
However, starting next year the city will have to send 82 per cent of its income to Hanoi, up from 77 per cent this year, Saigoneer reports.
HCMC raked in nearly US$12 billion last year, the most of any city in the country: local officials estimate they need US$7.6 billion for projects by 2020.
While the country's staggering economic growth under former prime minster Nguyen Tan Dung has been nothing short of spectacular, earning the country plaudits including that of ‘Asia's Shining Star' (See: Up, Up, Up: Vietnam's Growth Over 20 Years Make it Asia's Shining Star), a failure by the central government to urgently reign in debt and spending could soon see the early benefits eroded by the hefty payment bill.
Related:
Operation Poomalai (Pūmālai, lit. "Flower Garland"), also known as Eagle Mission 4, was the codename assigned to a mission undertaken by the Indian Air Force to air-drop supplies over the besieged town of Jaffna in Sri Lanka on 4 June 1987 in support of Tamil Tigers during the Sri Lankan Civil War.
Jaffna was at the time under blockade by Sri Lankan troops as a part of Colombo's offensive against the Tamil separatist movement. Concerned over alleged violations of interests of the Tamils, who had broader support among the Tamil population of South India as well as the government, India attempted to negotiate a political settlement but the Indian offers had been rebuffed by Colombo. As civilian casualties grew,[1][2] calls grew within India to intervene in what was increasingly seen in the Indian (and Tamil) media as a developing humanitarian crisis, especially with reports of aerial bombardment against rebel positions in civilian areas.[2][3] The Indian Government under Rajiv Gandhi decided to attempt to deliver aid to the northern area of Sri Lanka as a symbolic act of support to the rebels. The first of these efforts, a small naval flotilla, was thwarted by the Sri Lankan Navy. Two days later, in a show of force, India mounted the airdrop over Jaffna.
Background [ edit ]
The ethnic conflict in Sri Lanka can be traced to the independence of the island in 1948 from Britain. At the time a Sinhala majority government was instituted that passed legislation deemed discriminatory by the substantial Tamil minority population. In the 1970s two major Tamil parties united to form the Tamil United Liberation Front (TULF) that started agitating for a separate state of Tamil Eelam within the system in a federal structure in northern and eastern Sri Lanka[4] that would grant the Tamils greater autonomy. Outside the TULF, however, factions advocating more radical and militant courses of action soon emerged, and the divisions started flaring into a violent civil war.[4]
The first round of violence flared in 1983 when the killing of 13 Sri Lankan soldiers sparked anti-Tamil riots in which nearly 400 Tamils died. The riots only aided in the deterioration of the already worsening ethnic strife. The militant factions, notably the LTTE, at this time recruited in large numbers and continued building on popular Tamil dissent and stepped up the guerrilla activities. By May 1985 the guerrillas were strong enough to launch an attack on Anuradhapura, attacking the Bodhi Tree shrine – a sacred site for Buddhist Sinhalese – followed by a rampage through the town. At least 150 civilians died in the hour-long attack.
The government stepped up its campaign against the insurgency, and the Sri Lankan army in 1987 laid siege to the town of Jaffna, an LTTE stronghold, as part of its campaign against the Tamil bases.[5] This resulted in large-scale civilian casualties and created a condition of humanitarian crisis.[6] India, which had a substantial Tamil population in the southern part of the country, had been aiding the Tamil factions and particularly the LTTE[7] and called on the Sri Lankan government to halt the offensive in an attempt to negotiate a political settlement. However, the Indian efforts were futile. Failing to negotiate an end to the crisis with Sri Lanka, India announced on 2 June 1987 that it wound send a convoy of unarmed ships to northern Sri Lanka to provide humanitarian assistance[8] but this was intercepted by the Sri Lankan Navy and turned back.[9]
Following the failure of the naval mission, the decision was made—both as a show of force to the Sri Lankan government of symbolic support for the Tamil rebels as well as an act to preserve the credibility of Indian prime minister Rajiv Gandhi among the country's Tamil population—by the Indian Government to carry out an airdrop of the humanitarian supplies, designated Operation Poomalai or Eagle Mission 4.[6]
Operation Poomalai [ edit ]
Mounted on the evening of 4 June 1987, the operation involved five An-32s of the Paratroop Training School in Agra, escorted by five Mirage 2000s of the No. 7 Squadron. At 2200 hrs on 02 June, 7 Squadrons was directed to send a six aircraft detachment to Bangalore Airport, where they were re-directed to Yelahanka airbase north of the city. At the same time, under the supervision of the (then) Vice-Chief of Air Staff Air Marshal S. Raghavendran, five An-32s were loaded with the relief supplies and took off for Bangalore at 0800 hours. These were to fly out—led by Gp. Capt. B.K. Sunder, CO of Paratroop Training School—after dawn and carry out the supply drop under the cover of the Mirages, which were led by Wg. Cdr. Ajit Bhavnani, CO of No. 7 Squadron.[10] A group of 35 national and international journalists also joined the flight. The Mirages were armed with two Matra Magic II AAMs as a measure against any opposition by the Sri Lankan Air Force, and also carried three drop tanks.[5][10]
The Sri Lankan Ambassador to New Delhi was summoned to the Ministry of External Affairs at 1500 hours, where the message was conveyed by Minister of External Affairs Natwar Singh that the Indian Air Force would be flying a mission at 1600 hours to drop supplies over Jaffna. The ambassador was told that the aircraft were expected to complete their mission unhindered and any opposition by the Sri Lankan Air Force "would be met by force" by the escorting Mirage 2000s.[10]
The first of the flights left Bangalore at 15:55 hours and flew towards the Coramandel coast, where they were met by four Mirage escorts. One Mirage stayed back acting as radio relay, along with two additional An-32s over Tamil Nadu, which acted as radio relay to Bangalore.
Relief supplies drifting towards Jaffna
The flight leader attempted radio contact with Colombo ATC over the civilian air traffic radio channel at 1647 hours, but was unable to establish contact. The mission approached Jaffna peninsula at about 1650 hours and sighted Jaffna Town itself at 1700 hours. The aircraft descended from 12000 feet to about 1500 feet and carried out the drop at the drop zone about 7 km from the town of Jaffna. The aircraft then turned in a western direction, flying over Palay airbase before turning north, heading for the Indian coast.
Unopposed by Sri Lankan forces, the mission arrived back over Bangalore at 1813 hours, where they were greeted with much jubilation.
Aftermath [ edit ]
In the wake of Operation Poomalai, Sri Lanka accused India of violating its sovereignty.[5][11] However, India defended its actions as a mercy mission in aid of what were termed as the deteriorating conditions of the civilian population, refusing at the time to rule out further missions.[5] Within India, the actions were endorsed across the political diaspora[12] In India, it was seen at the time as an act of support against the beleaguered and besieged Tamil population of the north – an opinion that was destined to undergo a drastic reversal after the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi by the LTTE in 1991. At that time, Colombo deemed it as a blatant show of support for the Tamil Tigers. The total supply air dropped by India during the operation amounted to little over 25 tons, and this was clearly not sufficient to sustain a besieged city.
Faced with the possibility of an active Indian intervention, Sri Lankan President J. R. Jayewardene offered to hold talks with the Rajiv Gandhi government on future moves.[5] The siege of Jaffna was soon lifted, followed by a round of negotiations that led to the signing of the Indo-Sri-Lankan accord on July 29, 1987[13] that brought a temporary truce. The terms of the truce specified that the Sri Lankan troops withdraw from the north and the Tamil rebels disarm,[14] and saw the induction of the IPKF as a peace keeping force in Sri Lanka.
See also [ edit ]
Universal Orlando has unveiled the first maze of its 2016 Halloween Horror Nights: It will be based on "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre," the classic 1974 horror film.
Yep, Leatherface is headed back to Orlando. The character was one of the icons -- along with Freddy Kruger, Jason and Jack the Clown -- of the 2007 edition of HHN at Universal Studios theme park. That year " also saw a house dubbed "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: Flesh Wounds."
"The horror fan in me is looking forward to reliving this story and entering that dilapidated Texas farmhouse," Michael Aiello, director of creative development for entertainment, wrote in a post on the official Universal Orlando blog on Thursday. "The anticipation of coming face-to-face with a horror legend and having my screams drowned by that saw blade is just as prevalent now as when I first witnessed this amazing horror film decades ago."
The film was the basis for the final house announced for the 2012 edition of Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood. This year's house in Orlando will be an all-new production, Aiello wrote.
"You will walk through the iconic Texas farmhouse and experience Leatherface's kills from the 1974 slasher film," a Universal Orlando news release says. "You will desperately try to escape as the violent roar of their chain saw surrounds you. You will hear the cries – and see what remains – of Leatherface's other victims. And you will come face-to-face with Leatherface himself."
The 26th version of Halloween Horror Nights will run for 31 select nights between Sept. 15 and Oct. 31. Individual event tickets are not yet for sale, although Universal has posted a hotel-ticket combo deal. For more information, go to halloweenhorrornights.com.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
"When I said 'What am I not allowed to sell,' they (police) said nothing," they said.
Loewen said they were charged with selling an instrument for drug use and possession of property obtained by crime.
Jeremy Loewen, owner of the shuttered Hemp Haven at 496 Larsen Ave. in Elmwood, said Tuesday that's what's happening to them and fellow head shop owners after they were arrested by police last week and had numerous items seized after selling a water pipe to "a 40-year-old couple."
A local head shop owner says they believe Winnipeg police have launched a new way of making businesses like theirs go up in smoke -- financially starve them out of business.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 4/2/2014 (1847 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 4/2/2014 (1847 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
A local head shop owner says they believe Winnipeg police have launched a new way of making businesses like theirs go up in smoke — financially starve them out of business.
Jeremy Loewen, owner of the shuttered Hemp Haven at 496 Larsen Ave. in Elmwood, said Tuesday that's what's happening to them and fellow head shop owners after they were arrested by police last week and had numerous items seized after selling a water pipe to "a 40-year-old couple."
Loewen said they were charged with selling an instrument for drug use and possession of property obtained by crime.
"When I said 'What am I not allowed to sell,' they (police) said nothing," they said.
"They're going to all the (head) stores and threatening they have to close within 30 days or we'll do the same to you what we did to Hemp Haven and The Joint."
Loewen said police went to The Joint about three weeks ago. That business's three locations — the Marion Street location has since closed for business reasons — were also raided last year with arrests being made, but the matter is still winding through the courts.
Nobody would comment at The Joint about what happened during the latest visit by police, but the business, which still has outlets on Pembina Highway and St. Mary's Road, remains open.
Loewen said while he's now closed, they have also had to go to the expense of hiring a lawyer to fight the charges.
"I don't know what I'll do. I have bills still coming in," they said. "I think this is just a tactic to put me out of business."
Winnipeg police said they could not comment until after they had spoken with the investigating officer today.
Lawyer Neil Kravetsky, who is representing Loewen and some other shops, is calling the actions taken by police "very unfair and hassling these people."
"These businesses have been going on, some for over 20 years... and there are now over 100,000 people in Canada with legal medical marijuana licences who get the instruments they need to smoke through businesses like this.
"So why are police hassling them?"
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
Kravetsky said each of the shops has signs saying they do not sell the items for illegal drug use, the individual items have the same warning label, and the shops do not sell to anyone under the age of 18.
"It's like charging a pharmacist for selling syringes to somebody who later uses it for heroin," the lawyer said.
"It is bullying and interfering with a legitimate business in my view."
Loewen said after they were arrested and taken to the East District police station at 1750 Dugald Rd., they were charged again, this time with disturbing the peace, for an incident while they were being released.
"The police called me a cab," Loewen said. "I said I didn't have enough money to go anywhere because my store was locked and the keys were inside with my wallet and when I called nobody was home. (The officer) said 'Too bad'. Under my breath I said 'This is bull -'... they grabbed me, threw me back inside and charged me."
kevin.rollason@freepress.mb.ca
The world's ocean surfaces had their warmest summer temperatures on record, the US national climatic data centre said today.
Climate change has been steadily raising the earth's average temperature in recent decades, but climatologists expected additional warming this year and next due to the influence of El Niño.
Ocean surface temperatures were the warmest for any August since record keeping began in 1880. For the June to August summer months, average ocean surface temperatures rose to 16.9C (62.5F), which is 1.04F above the 20th century average, said the report from the climate centre, which is a branch of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
The world's combined average land and ocean surface temperatures were the second warmest on record for August, and the third warmest for the summer months.
"During the season, warmer-than-average temperatures engulfed much of the planet's surface," the centre said. Australia and New Zealand had their warmest August since records began.
However, central Canada and the United States were the exceptions, with unusually cool temperatures. "In some areas, such as the western United States, temperatures were much cooler than average," the report said.
The unusually warm summer temperatures for much of the world's oceans were due to El Niño, the periodic warming of the Pacific. If El Niño strengthens, global temperatures are likely to set new records, the report said. So far, 2009 has been the fifth warmest year on record.
Some scientists have suggested that, the effects of El Niño, coupled with warming due to climate change could well make the coming decade the hottest in human history.
Nasa predicted at the start of this year that 2009 and 2010 could see the setting of new global temperature records.
The report also noted the continuing retreat in Arctic sea ice over the summer. Sea ice covered an average of 6.3m sq kilometres (2.42m sq miles) during August, according to the national snow and ice data centre. That was 18.4% the 1979-2000 average.
Let's say you're feeling particularly lazy today. There's a situation where you need a state that require 3 states. Maybe it's something that's loaded later, whenever another script needs access to this resource. Maybe you need to add a new mode, despite already using a boolean to differentiate which mode you're in. Either way, memory isn't your first concern right now: you want something fast.
The “correct” method is to use an enumerator:
Enumerators public enum TriState : byte // Byte for reduced memory use. { FirstState, SecondState, ThirdState } TriState state = TriState.FirstState; if(state == TriState.FirstState) { Console.WriteLine("state 1"); } // Will print: // state 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 public enum TriState : byte // Byte for reduced memory use. { FirstState , SecondState , ThirdState } TriState state = TriState . FirstState ; if ( state == TriState . FirstState ) { Console . WriteLine ( "state 1" ) ; } // Will print: // state 1
But no, today you're lazy. Or perhaps you really have very little time and need something ready now. Enter the question mark.
Nullable Boolean bool? state = null; if(state == null) { Console.WriteLine("state 1"); } // Will print: // state 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 bool ? state = null ; if ( state == null ) { Console . WriteLine ( "state 1" ) ; } // Will print: // state 1
That's right, state can now have 3 values: null , true , and false .
What is this madness? You've just created a Nullable Type, a struct that can contain a value or null. It's useful for other types of variables that cannot be set to null, such as int , double , and any instances of structs and enums . To retrieve the value of a Nullable Type, or compare it to an actual value, simply use the Value property.
Nullable Ints int? state = 2; if(state.Value == 2) { Console.WriteLine("state 2"); } // Will print: // state 2 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 int ? state = 2 ; if ( state . Value == 2 ) { Console . WriteLine ( "state 2" ) ; } // Will print: // state 2
You can check whether a Nullable Type is null or not by simply comparing it to null, or using the HasValue property.
Null Check double? isNull = null; if(isNull == null) { Console.WriteLine("Is Null"); } if(isNull.HasValue == false) { Console.WriteLine("Is Null"); } // Will print: // Is Null // Is Null 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 double ? isNull = null ; if ( isNull == null ) { Console . WriteLine ( "Is Null" ) ; } if ( isNull . HasValue == false ) { Console . WriteLine ( "Is Null" ) ; } // Will print: // Is Null // Is Null
Other than that, for any Nullable primitives, you can use their regular operator like an actual variable.
Operation int? number = 2; number += 3; Console.WriteLine(number.Value.ToString()); // Will print: // 5 1 2 3 4 5 int ? number = 2 ; number += 3 ; Console . WriteLine ( number . Value . ToString ( ) ) ; // Will print: // 5
Happy coding!
If you like this content, take a second to support us on Patreon!
Plus ça change. The more it changes, the more it stays the same. And that ageless expression seems to apply with Malcolm Turnbull's desperate efforts to convince people that they are not Tony Abbott, that they are not the sword carrier for Abbott's policies as their predecessor suggests, and that they are not a slave to the conservative rump of their party.
This week, Turnbull turned to clean energy to show that their spots are not the same as Abbott's. If publicity and headlines are the main indicators, it has been a smashing success. Mainstream media has lapped it up: “PM's climate of change,” hoorayed Fairfax. “Coalition saves two clean energy funds,” chorused the ABC. “PM tilts at green windmills,” booed the Murdoch media. (That editorial is probably worth a complete dissection on its own, so many errors, misconceptions and prejudices in such a few short paragraphs, but time is not infinite).
But what really happened this week?
In the face of opposition in the Senate, Turnbull bowed to the inevitable and decided to keep the Clean Energy Finance Corporation. That is good. And that is change. The CEFC – once decried by its newest biggest supporter, environment minister Greg Hunt as a great big green hedge fund – has been behind many of the most important new clean energy projects and initiatives in the country, underwriting finance for large-scale solar projects, innovative solar thermal installations, battery storage trials, and any amount of energy efficiency and rooftop solar support. And in doing this it has also delivered a significant return to the government. Hunt should now feel free to turn up at one of its project openings.
Turnbull then took $1 billion out of the CEFC kitty and rebadged it with their favourite buzzword, “innovation” and claimed the creation of a “new” thing called the “Clean Energy Innovation Fund”. But it does not represent new funding. It doesn't really represent any new ideas. Instead it actually drips feeds those existing funds out over the next decade. If the opportunities were so great, the technology so compelling, and the need to act so imperative, why put the funds on slow release so a major portion cannot be spent until the mid 2020s. “So as not to overwhelm the market”, was the official explanation. Protecting the interests of incumbents and sheltering them from change might be a more believable take.
The coup de grâce, however, was the dismemberment of the Australian Renewable Energy Agency, responsible for a host of groundbreaking projects – on a local and global scale – over the last few years, and often in co-operation with the CEFC. Again, judged by the mainstream media take, the PR on this was a smashing success – Turnbull retains ARENA, they crowed (or, in the case of the Murdoch media, complained). But ARENA will remain in name only. Its funding of $1.3 billion will be scrapped, and it will not even have the power to make calls over projects it will be asked to research for the new “innovation” fund.
This, says nearly everyone, will create a huge funding gap. And a big one, too. The very projects hailed and highlighted by Turnbull and Hunt – the Nyngan and Broken Hill solar farms – probably would not have been built without grant funds. Ditto the world-leading Carnegie Wave Energy project, and the first-of-their-kind solar and storage facilities being built at several major mine sites. These, more than anything, are discovery projects. They don't all work. They are designed to show what is, or may not be, possible. They are not designed to make money. That's not what happens at this point of the innovation chain. The former ARENA chairperson, Greg Bourne, says this switch of focus to “money-making” rather than technology development could push much Australian innovation overseas.
This might have something to do with Turnbull's background as an investment banker. Investment banks don't do anything unless there is (a lot of) money in it. But the innovation chain of which Turnbull says they are so beguiled relies entirely on a whole range of grants, and high risk bets by high net worth individuals, angel investors and venture capitalists who hope that, maybe, just maybe, one of those bets might pay off.
ARENA's role was to sift through the dozens of ideas that came through its doors and support the most worthy. Since it took back the decision making back from government bureaucrats, as it was designed to do because the bureaucrats were so inept, it has been a huge success.
But Hunt was damming of ARENA, accusing it in one sentence of “not following through” on investments, and then hailing the projects it funded in another. It just so happens that those solar projects, while benefiting from generous support, meant that the next round of funding could be decreased. By the time the next round of solar projects are ready to go, it is possible no additional support will be needed. That may not happen with the next round of technologies, however, under the new money-making funding regime.
But this is just part of the verbal gymnastics at which this Coalition – the first and second versions – is proving to be so adept.
Hunt, in a different time, hailed emissions trading as the best way to achieve emissions cuts. Now they say it is Direct Action. Hunt, at a different time, dismissed the CEFC as a great big hedge fund; now they say it is the key to unlocking innovation in solar, storage and smart grids.
Turnbull was damning of Direct Action as a fig leaf for climate change action and a recipe for financial disaster. Now they say that very same policy is the core of their emissions reductions strategy. They have left it untouched. Both Turnbull and Hunt claim emissions are going down, when in fact they are going up. Turnbull at a different time, turned up to applaud a proposal for 100 per cent renewables in the shortest time frame. Now they want to control and slow the funding of new technologies so as “not to overwhelm the market.”
If Turnbull really wants to distinguish themselves from Abbott-era policies, there is much they can do. Lift the country's emissions reduction target, particularly in light of the terrifying new data on temperature rises and greenhouse emissions, not to mention the agreement made in Paris. They could dump the payment to polluters and make the polluters pay. They could find an effective way to force out coal-fired generation. A simple standard on emissions and longevity would do. They could fix the obvious holes in the renewable energy target that are being exploited by the coal fired generators. They could fast-track emissions and energy efficiency standards so that they lead the world, rather than lag it. They could speak of a vision for a clean energy future rather than pretending that coal is the key to unlocking global poverty.
But they can't, and they won't. For the time being, and for an uncertain period into the future, they have to wear Abbott's policies. And that simple fact leads to another question which is just a little difficult to visualise: Is Turnbull also obliged to wearing Abbott's budgie smugglers too?
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — A former North Carolina police officer faces their second driving while intoxicated charge in a year and a half.
The News & Observer of Raleigh reported that 31-year-old Taylor D. Hurst of Rolesville was arrested last week in Pender County on several charges, including DWI, impersonating a police officer, failure to stop for police and failure to maintain lane control.
Hurst was arrested Feb. 2, 2016, in Wake County on charged of DWI, and carrying a concealed weapon while under the influence of alcohol. Hurst was with the Raleigh Police Department but was off-duty when the earlier arrest occurred. .
Police spokesperson Donna-maria Harris said Thursday that Hurst retired from the department in March of last year.
It was not known if they have an attorney for the new charge.
___
Information from: The News & Observer, http://www.newsobserver.com
In mid 1985 Australia banned tax breaks for negative gearing, as part of a package of sweeping tax reforms. A year later, under the Reagan administration, the United States did the same – and also abolished tax breaks for capital gains.
After two years, the Hawke government wobbled under pressure from vested interests and restored the tax break for negative gearing. But the United States has never restored it. If we want to know what might happen if Labor removes it again, the American experience has valuable lessons.
The motivation was similar. Tax breaks for capital gains and what Americans call “passive investment losses” (negative gearing) were widely seen as tax loopholes for the rich. At astonishing speed, a bipartisan political swell developed in 1986 for a sweeping trade-off that would close such loopholes and use the revenue saved to slash tax rates, especially for people on middle incomes. It became a kind of political tornado that swept through Washington: no interest group could stand in its way, and by the time it had passed, the US tax system had been revolutionised.
There, as here, there were predictions of doom. A pair of accountants from the University of Nevada forecast that rents would have to rise 28 per cent to allow investors to maintain their after-tax earnings. As late as 1990, renowned housing economist James Poterba of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology forecast that the change would drive up long-term rents by 10 to 15 per cent.
“The majority of policy analysts… viewed the reform as anti-housing,” Poterba explained in a 1994 retrospective for a conference of the Federal Reserve. “There was little doubt that the reforms would reduce incentives for rental housing construction… Many studies pointed out that the long-term stock of rental housing would decline as a consequence of the tax reform.” The result, they predicted, would be higher real rents.
Reality didn't follow the script. Even as Poterba made their prediction in 1990, rents in the US were falling. And they were falling despite new apartment construction slumping by two-thirds, a crash even more intense than the industry had forecast. What had happened?
It's a story we should remember when we see any forecasts of what will happen if Labor is elected and implements its tax reforms. Essentially, the impact of the 1986 US tax reforms was overrun by bigger forces. It would be the same here. The impact of Labor's plans would be just one in a mix of forces that would shape future house prices, rent levels, home ownership rates and the rest.
In the US, the reforms coincided with three things: the bursting of the apartment building boom of the early-to-mid 1980s, which created rental vacancy rates of more than 10 per cent; the arrival of low inflation, which reduced the value of the tax breaks anyway; and the 1990–91 recession, which drove down demand for housing.
Not that Labor's proposals are identical to the US reforms. There, investors were focused largely on apartment construction; in Australia, 93 per cent of money lent to investors is used to buy existing homes – and Labor plans to retain negative gearing for construction of new rental housing.
The US reforms went further than Labor has, phasing out tax breaks for existing negatively geared investments. Commenting on Poterba's paper, Reagan's former chief economic advisor, Martin Feldstein, blamed part of the apartment construction slump on this “retroactive” legislation, and said the reforms should have been aimed at future investments only – advice Labor has followed in drafting its plans.
But while the industry blamed the tax reforms for the slump in apartment construction, Poterba and Feldstein agreed that there were bigger factors at work. “Vacancy rates above 10 per cent were unprecedented in this market,” Poterba said. “A savvy analyst would have predicted in early 1986 that new construction would decline even without changes in tax provisions.” Feldstein concurred: “The excess building would probably have caused a glut by the late 1980s, leading to falling asset values and declining rents.” And that is exactly what happened.
Bear that in mind. In Australia during 2015, work began on 105,797 new units and apartments, almost double the highest number recorded in any previous boom. The signs of a glut that will force down prices in Sydney and Melbourne are already evident. In four years, the Bureau of Statistics tells us, prices for established houses rose 61 per cent in Sydney and 34 per cent in Melbourne, while per capita household income rose just 10 per cent. Both cities often experience sustained price falls, and they are almost certainly heading into another one now – whether the negative gearing rules are changed or not.
House prices did fall after the 1986 US reforms, Poterba reported, but only by an average of 1 per cent a year. Other factors were clearly at play, and once the US came out of the 1990–91 recession prices resumed their upward path. Real rents stabilised in the late 80s, then fell due to the glut of vacant homes. As the glut was worked off, they began rising again, but not dramatically. From 1994 to 2012, rents rose just under 3 per cent a year, while consumer prices averaged growth of 2.5 per cent. Falling prices of computers and audiovisual equipment explained the difference, not surging rents.
One other important difference must be mentioned. The efforts to close the US loopholes created their own loophole. Because they targeted only “passive investment losses,” they allowed rental losses made by “active investors” – those who manage their own property portfolio – to continue to be written off against tax. A 2012 paper by Larry Ozanne of the Congressional Budget Office notes that in 2006, 60 per cent of taxpayers reporting losses on rental investment wrote them off against income from other sources.
In all, the US experience suggests that the forecasts of the impact of the reforms added up to much ado about nothing. Their impact on real world activity was minor, and in some areas undetectable.
The same might be said of Australia's experience when negative gearing deductions were abolished from 1985 to 1987. Saul Eslake has won the debate over what happened to rents: there was a marked rise in rents in Sydney and Perth, but it was a result of extremely tight vacancy rates, and would have happened anyway.
Yet just as that myth has been dispelled, a new one has been created this week by Louis Christopher of SQM Research in their critique of Labor's reform plans. The headlines focused on their forecasts of falls of between 4 and 15 per cent in house prices, and up to 20 per cent in real estate turnover. But no one has highlighted the clear flaws in how they reached those conclusions.
Christopher looks for guidance to what happened in 1985–87, when Australia saw a marked slump in housing construction and sales. They assume that all the damage was done by the government's scrapping tax breaks for negative gearing – and takes that as their guide to what would happen if Labor did it in 2017.
Whoa, boy. Louis, are you really unaware of what happened to home mortgage rates in that time? In 1985 they were still regulated, and the Reserve Bank hiked them from 11.5 per cent to 13.5 per cent to try to slow down activity. That worked a treat in reducing lending to owner-occupiers. Then, in April 1986, the government deregulated mortgage rates, and the banks immediately hiked them to 15.5 per cent. That does tend to have an impact on housing activity. But Christopher's analysis fails to mention it.
Nor do they mention the home lending data. It shows that, far from activity falling because “buyers ultimately lost interest in non-negatively geared properties,” as they claim, lending to investors buying existing homes in fact rose slightly as a share of home lending during the period in which negative gearing was banned! Tax Office data also shows that in 1986–87 the number of rental investors rose by 6000. It wasn't the investors who toppled the market.
Rather, the housing slump Christopher ascribes to the abolition of tax breaks for negative gearing was primarily due to a combination of the interest rate rise to 15.5 per cent, the bust of the 1984–85 construction boom, and the economy hitting a speed hump as the Reserve pushed up interest rates generally. Trend unemployment rose by 55,000 or 0.5 per cent. New car registrations slumped by 26 per cent, from 511,000 to 376,000. You're surely not going to blame that on the end of tax breaks for negative gearing?
That is not to say that their forecasts are necessarily wrong. I don't know what would happen either, but the conclusion that Labor's reforms could slice 4 per cent off future growth in house prices, as forecast at the lower end of their projections and in a separate report this week from Gene Tunny of Adept Economics, sounds in the right ball park to me.
Tunny's report was prepared for Brisbane firm Walshs Financial Planning, whose website says it provides “accounting and taxation services to high net worth individuals (including medical practitioners), family businesses and other small-medium enterprises (SMEs).” Fair enough: they've got a vested interest in this, and they don't hide it. While the report is clearly tailored for the development industry and makes many debatable claims, its estimate that Labor's reforms would cut $20,000 from the future value of a $500,000 home seems to me a reasonable guess.
But that is, after all, the main point of the reform: it aims to make housing more affordable by restraining future growth in house prices. There would be benefits to the budget too, but Adept argues persuasively that they would be relatively minor and develop only slowly. It also makes a case that Labor's plan to cut the capital gains tax break from 50 per cent to 25 per cent goes too far, and that 40 per cent would be a better target.
It argues less convincingly that lifting housing supply would be a better way to make housing more affordable. That is a cliché in this Sydneycentric industry, which ignores the fact that Melbourne has zoned vast amounts of land for development but has similar problems with affordability.
The fact is that you can only make housing more affordable in a sustained way by reducing the future growth in prices. Suppose you raise housing supply: how will that have an impact on affordability? By bringing down prices – or at least, as Tunny rightly puts it, growth in house prices. The record housing supply we've had in the past year will reduce growth in prices. But if you're serious about making housing more affordable, it's not an either/or issue. There's no reason why you can't tackle both negative gearing and land supply issues.
Since negative gearing was restored in 1987, Australia has had three decades of extreme inflation in the housing market. In that time, the average price of an established home in our cities has risen by 727 per cent. Household debt has soared from 60 per cent of household income to 186 per cent. The tax break for negative gearing diverts investment into existing housing, where it simply inflates prices and prices poorer families out of the market. It is inequitable, and it is not a sustainable basis for economic growth.
Sadly, inflation does not make us any richer. In housing, we buy in the same market that we sell. Unless we are downsizing or moving somewhere cheaper, our increased “wealth” from rising property prices is an illusion.
In my judgement, Labor's tax reforms are the most important policy package either side has put forward in this campaign. They are carefully crafted to avoid creating a “rush for the exits” by investors. They would gradually restore housing affordability, and restore home ownership – which was a key policy objective of the Liberal Party in the Menzies era.
Malcolm Turnbull clearly understood the problems with negative gearing when they were writing their 2005 tax paper, and in the work they and Scott Morrison did last summer – before Labor announced its plans and the Coalition decided, for opportunistic reasons, to oppose any reform. I have not given up hope that if Turnbull wins the election they will reclaim that Menzies legacy and work for a bipartisan reform to make it happen. •
Thailand's long and funny coup
Updated
Sunday will mark two years since Thailand's military overthrew the elected government, ending violent political protests. With the army cracking down hard on any dissent, some activists and commentators have used humour to get their message across.
Tom Yum Goong waterboarding
Bangkok-based French cartoonist Stephane Peray (a.k.a Stephff) has drawn some searing political satire despite the threat of their visa being revoked. This cartoon features outspoken journalist [Khun] Pravit Rojanaphruk, who has been invited by the army for several sessions of "attitude adjustment".
Aching testicles
Human rights lawyer Anon Nampha has made several music videos poking fun at life under military rule. In this one, they and their activist friends sing about the painful experience of reading the proposed new Constitution that would see a 250-member appointed Senate oversee the elected Government.
Heartache! The constitution! The constitution!
Read it and lie down with aching testicles!
Want to die! And it's so regrettable!
And it's so regrettable because [we] still didn't get anything!!!
[Put] pressure, so they return power to the people.
[We are] tired of listening to the soap opera military, the old regime.
[We] don't want to know! No good! Don't want!
Returning Happiness
Every Friday, Thailand Prime Minister General Prayuth Chan-o-cha gives an hour-long televised address to the nation entitled 'Returning Happiness'. Their mood swings and confrontational style have spawned some colourful quotes.
Sandwich protest
Soon after the coup, the junta banned many forms of peaceful protest. In response, campaigners declared picnics a form of passive resistance. Student activist 'Champ' is seen here eating a sandwich in public, while reading George Orwell's 1984 and listening to the French national anthem. Shortly after this photo was taken, they were detained by police.
In fact…
There are quite a few activities outlawed now in Thailand. Local media outlet Prachatai compiled this useful guide to staying on the right side of the military government.
Topics: world-politics, activism-and-lobbying, government-and-politics, thailand, asia
First posted
Monday, April 6 - 1:10 p.m.
Pre-game festivities begin at 12:30 p.m.
Angels vs. Mariners
Please note: Only scattered single tickets are still available for Opening Day.
Join our launch party
Say hello to new slugger Nelson Cruz, King Felix, Robinson Cano and the rest of the 2015 Mariners. All fans in attendance will take home a King's Court 'K' cloth and a 2015 Mariners magnetic schedule. Don't miss one of the biggest days of the year - Opening Day at Safeco Field.
Be a part of the magic and pageantry
Get here early for all the fun and excitement as we kick off the 2015 season with red carpet player introductions and much more.
Welcome back "Little Joey" Cora
Fan favorite Joey Cora, a key member of the Mariners first postseason team in 1995, returns to the Emerald City to throw out the ceremonial first pitch.
Opening Night 2014 Photos
By NORM KENT
They picked for Vice President one of the major architects of the Drug War.
They picked for Chief of Staff one of the chief opponents of medical marijuana.
 They are talking about picking for the Drug Czar spot a conservative candidate who has been a congressional leader fighting drug reform.
They have promised to put an end to raids on medical dispensaries in California, but they have not said they will broadly support the Hinchey-Rohrbacher Amendment which would let states decide the issue.
They have moved from once supporting marijuana decriminalization to publishing comments that they cannot overuse ‘political capital' on the issue.
They have now appointed for Attorney General a candidate who has a long history of opposing drug policy reforms and who has in court supported mandatory minimum sentencing and civil forfeiture.
Allen St. Pierre, the Executive Director of NORML, summed it up best about Mr. Obama's appointments thus far: “So Far, Not So Good:” Their thought-provoking article appears on the NORML.com website at its blog.
From summarizing why the selection of Joe Biden as Vice President caused them ‘digestive tumult' to tracing Rahm Emanuel's anti-drug policies for the past decade, the article captures a snapshot of what was routine politics as usual for the players soon to be in power.
When it comes to our 44th President, some of their positions on marijuana were once encouraging. But as Mr. Obama has moved towards the national limelight, there is a new found frustration for reformers. It seems the President to be is moving from the left to the middle. And as Loudon Wainwright once wrote in a popular song, the only things you see in the middle of the road are dead skunks and yellow lines. Still, I am not alarmed yet. It is way too early, and there is still room and reason for optimism.
Commencing your administration in the face of a national economic crisis at home while American soldiers are at war abroad can focus your priorities on other issues outside the need for weed. We have seen what happened to Bill Clinton when they tried, too early in their administration, to advance the cause of gay rights by banning discrimination against homosexuals in the military. They started a firestorm which burnt up valuable first months of their presidency.
We do know this though, and it is a challenging start. Rather decisively, on the official administration website, at www.change.gov, the following statement appears: President-elect Obama is not in favor of the legalization of marijuana.
What can we then expect of Mr. Obama once they become President?
I think there are many encouraging things.
First, in their past they have acknowledged the broad failures of the drug war, declaring in 2004 that it was an “utter failure” which needs to be rethought.
Second, as an African-American in an urban community, few people will be as sensitive as Mr. Obama to the exhaustive legal toll this drug war exacts on minority communities. The arrests come quicker, the prosecutions are more frequent, and the sentences are longer. Drug arrests have been tools to deny poor people driver's licenses, scholarships and federal welfare benefits, causing innocuous conduct to endure catastrophic consequences for otherwise decent people.
Third, the President is ‘with it'. Their telling comments to a group of students when asked whether they ‘inhaled' marijuana were “Of course, I thought that was the whole purpose.”
Those remarks are a reflection of the candor and commitment of Mr. Obama to address the issue in a new light. They did not play a game of Clintonian holier-than-thou cover-up. With the same self-deprecating qualities that they shared with the nation when they called themselves a ‘mutt,' Mr. Obama implied in tone and substance that marijuana may not be as bad as we have been hearing from the government for too many decades.
Last week, the website Change.gov asked the public to provide them with a list of the top public policy questions facing America. Visitors to the site were then asked to vote on which questions should take priority for the incoming administration.
After receiving nearly 100,000 total votes on more than 10,000 separate public policy issues, the most widely voted on question for Obama is:
“Will you consider legalizing marijuana so that the government can regulate it, tax it, put age limits on it, and create millions of new jobs and create a billion dollar industry right here in the U.S.”
Maybe Rahm Emanuel has turned a corner as well. Rahm is politically smart if nothing else, so I hope that he'll follow their boss' lead in the area of criminal justice reforms. Also, to their credit, after voting years against Hinchey-Rohrbacher Amendment in 2007, as member of Congress from Illinois, Rahm voted in favor of holding back federal funding from law enforcement (read DEA) to raid or harass medical marijuana cultivators and dispensaries.
I know I have been unsuccessful in getting my own liberal Congresswoman from South Florida, Debbie Wasserman-Schulz, to even support this effort. Maybe Mr. Emanuel will influence them and dozens of others. It will take leadership from the oval office. That can only happen when the people in office are looked upon as enlightened reformers rather than being weak on crime.
Politically, I know such polls as the one the administration inaugurated here are instrumental in turning mindsets. If we can show politicians that it is ‘safe' to support drug reform, even popular, we can suddenly find them on our side. To their credit, outstanding philanthropists like Peter Lewis and George Soros have been national leaders in helping bring public opinion out of the closet. These are men whose voices may be heard by the new administration. And I am here for them too if they need me. My number is listed. So too is Barney Frank, the influential Massachusetts member of congress who has long supported decriminalization legislation.
The truth is that people who support decriminalization have always been a silent majority afraid to speak out. But give them a secret ballot box, and in state after state, you see massive support for medical marijuana and a more enlightened approach to marijuana reform. Perhaps the President, in their own unique disarming way, can lead a new path. They have surrounded themselves with educated leaders who also have been willing to speak candidly in favor of decriminalization including new Cabinet nominee Bill Richardson.
We do not need a new Drug Czar, either. This is America. Czars are for Russia. What we need is the appointment of an educator, a scientist, a doctor, a constitutional rights lawyer to pave the way to a new era of drug enlightenment.
At the last NORML Board of Directors meeting, one issue we raised was one many of us within the drug reform movement can support. It has been three decades since the Shafer Commission released its national study on marijuana, which Nixon immediately trashed. Perhaps a new Blue Ribbon Commission, with decades more research behind it, and years of medical marijuana evidence, can look into new recommendations for the 21st century.
On one hand, such a Presidential panel would buy time for the new administration to get settled in with more pressing priorities. But it would also give drug reformers a national platform to address so many issues that have been, forgive me, cultivated- since the Shafer Commission, from forfeiture laws to raids on dispensaries, from the THC content of marijuana to medicinal initiatives. It is time to look again at marijuana with a scholarly and clinical eye instead of with SWAT teams and law enforcement raids.
Correspondingly, it is also time for the national drug reform organizations to speak with a singular voice and work together for a common purpose. There needs to be a unity of purpose, and leaders from the Marijuana Policy Project, the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, the Drug Policy Alliance, Students for a Sensible Drug Policy, and a host of other respected reform organizations, too many to mention here, should hold their own meeting to develop a common theme with a collective initiative. We need to work together to send a message that is enlightened and progressive, convincing legislators and the executive branch that we are responsible and right..
The drug reform movement needs to act in a way that President-elect Obama has asked all of us to move towards: not to be tied to the politics of the past and the way things have always been done, but to engage hope by broadening our constituency and reaching out to others. Within the drug reform movement, fratricide must come to an end. We must bury the hatchet on our own rivalries, and move forward with a common purpose. We defeat ourselves by ourselves when we do not.
Our cause is just, and our goals have always been righteous. We may have only ourselves to blame if we cannot achieve now what we have fought so long for. I would say our time is now, but I thought that in 1976 when the Attorney General of the United States, then Ramsey Clark, said we should see an end to unjust marijuana laws before the end of the decade. I think we are overdue. Together, let us do better than we have already done.
We have a President who is willing to listen, a Congress that is willing to learn, and a public that is salivating for a better solution.
Norm Kent is a criminal defense lawyer from Fort Lauderdale who serves on the Board of Directors for NORML www.norml.com They can be reached at Norm@normkent.com, and their law office website is www.normkent.com
Prannoy Roy, executive chairperson of NDTV, attends the inaugural Abu Dhabi Media Summit in 2010. (Ana-Bianca Marin/Getty Images)
India's Central Bureau of Investigation on Monday raided the home and offices of top television executives Prannoy and Radhika Roy, co-founders of news channel NDTV, which has often clashed with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government. In response, the network put out scathing statements and broadcasts, saying the raids amounted to a “witch hunt” and “a blatant political attack on the freedom of the press.”
The raids were conducted in connection with loans from ICICI Bank taken out by the Roys, starting in 2008.
The network said the loans have been repaid, and it issued a document that appears to confirm their claim. “NDTV and its promoters have never defaulted on any loan to ICICI or any other bank,” read a statement posted on NDTV's website. "We adhere to the highest levels of integrity and independence. It is clearly the independence and fearlessness of NDTV's team that the ruling party's politicians cannot stomach and the CBI raid is merely another attempt at silencing the media."
“In American media, it is considered patriotic to question and make the government accountable, here to be patriotic is to just agree with everything the government says,” said Prannoy Roy, speaking to The Washington Post.
India ranks 136th on the World Press Freedom index, slipping three places since last year. Dissenting voices are often silenced using sedition laws. More than 51 freedom of information activists have been found murdered since the law came to force in 2005.
Major corporate owners also limit the diversity of India's media: Although India has 86,000 newspapers and over 900 television channels, a handful dominate. Reliance, one of India's biggest companies, owns News-18, which dominates coverage on a number of popular TV channels and magazines.
On Monday night, NDTV aired a half-hour Hindi language broadcast, anchored by Ravish Kumar, describing the atmosphere of fear in which Delhi's news media works. “If you ever meet a journalist on these streets ask if they are afraid. They'll tell you without speaking: 'Delhi's journalists are now scared.' … This is the capital of fear," they said.
During the broadcast, Kumar said that had the raids not happened, their program would have focused on ongoing farmers strikes in the states of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh. “This is an attack on all of you,” they said. “Just like this, every day, things that concern the ordinary man are pushed out of the national media.
Several editors and journalists have sharply criticized the raids. Raj Chengappa, president of the Editors Guild of India, said in a statement: “Entry of police and other agencies into the media offices is a serious matter. NDTV, in various statements, has denied any wrong-doing and termed the raids as stepping up the concerted harassment of the news channel and an attempt to undermine democracy and free speech and silence the media.”
Bengaluru journalists protest CBI raid on NDTV as attack on freedom of press pic.twitter.com/csjclKcmhG — NDTV (@ndtv) June 6, 2017
Rajdeep Sardesai, a former NDTV anchor, now a consulting editor at rival network India Today, said, “When raids are carried on a respectable public figure, on a nine-year-old investigation, questions are bound to be raised."
NDTV's news coverage has riled up members of Modi's Hindu nationalist Bhartiya Janata Party, many of whom accuse the network of being anti-BJP. Days before the raid, NDTV news anchor Nidhi Razdan had sparred with the BJP's national spokesperson Sambit Patra on air and asked them to leave their show for their accusation that NDTV had an "agenda."
In November 2016, the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting had ordered an unprecedented 24-hour blackout against the network, saying its coverage on terrorist attacks at Pathankot had revealed “strategically-sensitive information.” NDTV argued that its coverage was based on official news briefings and that other broadcasters that had made the same revelations were not being penalized. At the last minute, the ban was lifted.
At a news conference, India's minister of information and broadcasting said that the agency's officials were simply carrying out their duty and there was no political interference in their investigation. They said, "If somebody does something wrong, simply because they belong to media, you cannot expect the government to keep quiet.”
Football player donates stem cells to man in Denmark
Posted on May 04, 2017
Grand Valley football tight end Nick Keizer celebrated their birthday May 2 by donating their stem cells to a man in Denmark who needed a bone marrow transplant to survive.
In March 2016, Keizer and many of their football teammates swabbed the insides of their cheeks during a Michigan Blood registry drive. At the time, Keizer said they never thought they would be a match.
"The presentation pulled at my heart and I thought, 'Why not sign up to be a donor?' Yet I also thought the odds of me actually being a match can't be that high," they said.
It's about a 1-in-500 chance, according to Caitlin Gallagher, community engagement representative for Michigan Blood, Be The Match.
Gallagher said Michigan Blood was notified in December that Keizer was a potential match. They underwent more blood work and in February was deemed a perfect match for a man in Denmark.
Keizer's donation was non-surgical and took about four hours, with needles in both of their arms. "I'm not a big needle guy, but I figured I could handle a little discomfort, because that doesn't compare to what the patient is going through," they said.
Their stems cells were then given to a volunteer courier who flew to Denmark on May 2. Gallagher said the transplants usually need to occur within 48 hours.
Keizer, a native of Portage, graduated from April 28 with a bachelor's degree in accounting and finance. They have one more season of eligibility left and will play football for Grand Valley in the fall while pursuing a master's degree in business administration.
A fluffy dog named Che is being hailed a hero for shielding their owner from a fire that tore through a house in Philadelphia last week.
And if it wasn't for Che, neighbors say they too might have been at risk.
The building Che and their owner were rescued from in Philadelphia. Red Paw Emergency Relief Team
The dog began barking in the middle of the night, alerting neighbors to smoke that led to several 911 calls. Fire officials said the home had no working smoke detectors, CBS Philly reported.
Jen Leary, founder of the Red Paw Emergency Relief Team, arrived on scene as Che was being pulled out of the burning building by firefighters.
“They said they found Che laying on top of their owner,” Leary told CBS News.
Both the woman and the dog were unconscious.
As soon as Leary arrived on scene, neighbors didn't hesitate to tell them about Che's heroic act.
“They said to me, ‘Che saved our lives; we heard them barking and they never barks in the middle of the night like that,'” they described. “They saw smoke and called 911. They all said, too, that the owner and Che are so tight. They were always together. Always.”
The dog didn't suffer any burns. But their owner, Andrea Bulat, suffered burns over 50 percent of their body and was reported to be in critical condition.
“They found them on the floor of the living room. The dog was on top of her,” neighbor Anthony Daly told CBS Philly. “I guess they had tried to protect her.”
After the dog's owner was transported to the hospital, officials provided Che with oxygen on the scene, and the pup was taken to a local animal hospital, suffering from severe smoke inhalation.
Now, nearly a week after the fire, Che is on their way to a full recovery. On Thursday, the dog was taken off oxygen and released from the hospital. They will remain in the care of Bulat's friend.
“He's an older dog,” Leary said. “Sometimes it takes a little bit longer to recover.”
A photo of Che on Oct. 25. Red Paw Emergency Relief Team
Leary, who's part of a team of seven, said the animal rescue team is on call 24 hours a day, seven days a week, ready to help any animal in need.
The local fire chief gives the team a call whenever a pet is involved.
“We're there to fill that void in the emergency response system,” Leary said. “There was no organization helping families with their pets. They take care of the people, put out the fire but no one was taking care of the pets.”
This isn't the first time Leary has heard people credit a pet with saving a life.
“It happens all the time — not so much the shielding the owner in the way that Che did,” they said. “We're told all the time from families that we assist it was because of their dog or because of their cat that they were alerted to the fire.”
[Edit: This list is updated often. Last update February 25, 2019]
Heavy duty camper trailers and off-road vehicles are a great way to enjoy the great outdoors. Unfortunately, they often require a substantial financial investment. Luckily, you can experience the joys of backcountry camping at a fraction of the cost, and without mortgaging your house. Renting is also a great way to see if a particular platform is a good fit before shelling out fistfuls of cash. We have compiled a list of companies that rent off-road vehicles and campers -with a few light-duty honorable mentions. Not sure where to take your rental? Most of the companies in this list will provide you with a directory of adventure routes to ensure that you have the best experience possible.
If we missed any companies, or if you are a rental company who would like to be on this list, drop us a line in the comment section below.
A Toronto student who was dining in a Bangladesh café when it was attacked by Islamist militants and later detained as a suspect is now safe at their parents' home in Dhaka after being acquitted of terrorism charges, according to their brother.
Police said Sunday that Tahmid Hasib Khan, 22, was acquitted of the charges and released on bail. Their brother, Talha Khan, who is in Toronto, told CBC News they don't know the circumstance of Tahmid's release, calling it "complex." But they said he's "relieved" after hearing the news from their cousins in Dhaka and London.
Khan's cousin Ali Faiyaz, who lives in Dhaka, confirms the Toronto student is faring well and is with their parents while out on bail.
Khan was at the Holey Artisan Bakery on the evening of July 1 when it was stormed by militants, beginning a 12-hour siege in which 20 hostages, mostly foreigners, two police officers and six suspected attackers died.
In video footage filmed by witnesses and militants, Khan appeared holding a pistol and talking to the hostage-takers, but police said forensic analysis had shown the University of Toronto student had been forced to do so.
Based on these findings and a lack of other evidence of Khan's involvement in the attack, a court in Dhaka acquitted them of terrorism, Masudur Rahman, spokesperson of the Dhaka Metropolitan Police told Reuters.
Josh Grondin, a friend and fellow student of Khan's, also welcomed the development.
"We've known that they are innocent all along so it's really nice to see that the Bangladeshi authorities have realized that now too," Grondin said.
Dispute over missed interview allegations
However, Grondin told CBC News Khan isn't yet in the clear, as authorities in Bangladesh are still considering charging Khan with not cooperating on the investigation, alleging that they missed interviews with police on July 10th and 21st — a period which their supporters maintained they had unfairly been in police custody.
Joshua Grondin, a University of Toronto student and friend of Khan's, told CBC News they are hopeful that the 22-year-old returns home soon. (CBC)
Khan is the second person to be released in an investigation that has led to only seven arrests, leading to criticism of the police by some newspapers and social media.
A spokesperson for Global Affairs Canada told CBC News on Sunday that the government is in contact with Khan's family, their legal counsel and Bangladesh authorities concerning the case.
"Due to privacy considerations, further details cannot be disclosed," said Jessica Seguin.
Competing claims of responsibility
The café attack was the worst in a recent escalation of violence by Islamist militants in Bangladesh that has included a rise in killings of liberals and religious minorities in the mostly Muslim nation of 160 million.
Although al-Qaeda and Islamic State have been making competing claims of responsibility, the government has dismissed suggestions that Islamic State has a presence in Bangladesh, even though "selfies" of some of the attackers posing with an automatic rifle were posted on the jihadi group's propaganda outlets during the siege.
Khan's case, and that of another man, Hasnat Karim, who has British and Bangladeshi dual citizenship, has also drawn criticism from human rights groups who say they were illegally detained and denied access to a lawyer.
Karim and Khan were among 32 survivors rescued by police and taken into custody for questioning. Karim, a 47-year-old engineer, was at the café with their family to celebrate their daughter's 13th birthday.
As for when Khan might return to Canada, Grondin says they expect the bureaucracy might take some time to play out.
Nevertheless they say, "It will happen soon, hopefully."
In order to promote their latest project, Kevin Sorbo went on Reddit yesterday to do an “Ask Me Anything” Q&A session.
That's the same Kevin Sorbo known for playing a straw man atheist professor in God's Not Dead.
That guy went on Reddit. Take a wild guess how that played out…
I'll save you the time and despair of reading through all of their answers, but here's what we learned about Sorbo:
They have atheist and Agnostic friends. (Just once, I would love for someone saying, “I have ____ friends” to tell us their names so we could verify their existence for ourselves…)
If you didn't like God's Not Dead, you should just “Watch a movie that's atheist. They're out there!” (There are a few documentaries, sure, but Christians have entire film studios.)
Their professor character was based on “people I've seen on cable shows that actually have clubs for atheists.” (Umm… do they know that there are entire channels for Christians? Turns out they have “clubs,” too. And I assure you they do *way* more damage to society than anything an atheist group could ever do.)
They know deathbed conversions from atheism to Christianity are common because their mom saw it happen a bunch when they were a nurse.
They don't get why atheists are so angry about a God they don't believe in: “Why are you offended by a Nativity Scene? Then you should be equally offended by the Easter Bunny, or Santa Claus.” (As soon as the Easter Bunny starts passing laws discriminating against LGBT people and Santa Claus rejects my group's winter display for not honoring the right God, they'll face my wrath, too.)
He's “not a Bible thumper,” you guys. (He just appeared in a movie that was basically Bible-thumping on the big screen.)
They claim he's “not that outspoken about [his] beliefs, or [his] faith.” (Though the Internet suggests otherwise.)
Sorbo didn't respond to the multitude of questions/comments about why the atheist they depicted in the film was such a caricature. You'd think their atheist friends would've pointed out how wrong they were with their portrayal…
(Image via Helga Esteb / Shutterstock.com)
The San Fernando Valley is a vast expanse of largely suburban neighborhoods, built on the back of an expanding Los Angeles metro area and rising home costs. The growth of California's highway system pushed the reach of tract home developers, strip mall retail outlets, and local restaurant owners deeper and deeper into the 818, the latter leaving footprints like the iconic roadside burger stand Bill's along the way. The Valley is still overrun with standalone burger, taco, ice cream, and sandwich stands, many still carrying the Googie swoops and hard lines popularized during the 1950s in America. Here are four fantastic food stand options to try right now across the greater San Fernando Valley.
Yaki's
The half-century old Yaki's in Burbank actually carries the longer title as the “Original Teriyaki Bowl,” thanks to its wide menu of loosely Japanese-Hawaiian rice bowls and sides. The burgers are pretty decent too, but most folks come for the sweetened and grilled chicken, either chopped over rice or served as a standalone sandwich — add pineapple. Don't sleep on the Bulldog though, which is nothing more than a hot dog wrapped in American cheese and a wonton skin and deep fried. Bite with caution. 904 W. Alameda Ave., Burbank.
Munch Box
Munch Box is a legend in Chatsworth, the neighborhood tucked up into the northwest corner of the greater San Fernando Valley. Situated at the base of a bank of sun-bleached, rocky hills, the Googie-style stand still beckons to generations of local diners with its long yellow swoop that practically hangs out over the street. Munch Box dates to 1956, and earned heritage status in 2003, ensuring future generations will be able to swing past for cheese fries and what may be the best chili cheeseburger in the Valley. 21532 Devonshire St., Chatsworth.
La Ramadita
North Hollywood's food scene is surprisingly complex, turning from gastropubs to famous holdovers like Idle Hour to La Ramadita, a tiny turn-off stand nestled up against Vineland Avenue. The specialty of the house is the torta ahogada, served on dense but pliant bread that's soaked through with a fiery thin salsa. This is a Guadalajaran delicacy done to perfection with thick chunks of pork, sharp white onion, and plenty of heat. It's served with pride and eaten purposefully under a canopy of tarps rights off the side of the road, as sometimes the best food is. 5938 Vineland Ave., North Hollywood.
Cupid's Hot Dogs
The original Cupid's Hot Dogs was in North Hollywood, and dated to 1946 — a date the mini-chain still hold on to today in their origin story. That location closed, however, making the 1960s-era Canoga Park corner stop the oldest Cupid's around. Like all great food stands there is no seating inside, just an order window, kitschy sign, and some bolted-down seats off to one end. The primary order here is a chili dog, served with a snap and some thin, mellow chili and a side of chips. It's perfect summer season food, eaten over some battered red tables in a courtyard just steps from the street. 20030 Vanowen Street, Canoga Park.
Hopefully this will help bring up the dual wielding back
nope - Ruby will only help the weapon it is on, not both.
DW IAS is inferior due to DML.... the spite is 1.6APS
LoH on revenge is a joke due to shadowpower
Cold on the nats costs dps & the snare is overwritten by most skills
unless you get a +286+360, +50%, +11%ias, 100%cd, OS rare with (dex or good leech) blizzs handbow itemization is botched; no way around
Maybe you miss read what I said, I was saying putting a ruby into a spite would make it like a poor mans calamity. Not that one ruby would help both weapons.By the way you seem to have a good idea of what's wrong with current dual wielding, could you make a thread about it in PTR outlining what is wrong with dual wielding and ideas I how to buff it?I was going to make it but It's too hard to type it all up spellcheck and gather info from just my phone.Thanks I thin the DW DH community would appreciate it.
George Parsons Trophy (Memorial Cup - Most Sportsmanlike Player) (1995) WJC-A All-Star Team (1996) Best Forward at WJC-A (1996) WHL West First All-Star Team (1996) WHL Player of the Year (1996) Canadian Major Junior First All-Star Team (1996) NHL All-Rookie Team (1997) NHL First All-Star Team (2002, 2008, 2009) Maurice "Rocket" Richard Trophy (2002) Art Ross Trophy (2002) Lester B. Pearson Award (2002) NHL Second All-Star Team (2004) NHL Foundation Player Award (2004) King Clancy Memorial Trophy (2004) Maurice "Rocket" Richard Trophy (2004) (tied with Ilya Kovalchuk and Rick Nash) Mark Messier NHL Leadership Award (2009) Played in NHL All-Star Game (2002, 2003, 2004, 2008, 2009, 2012) Traded to Calgary by Dallas with Corey Millen for Joe Nieuwendyk, December 19, 1995. Traded to Pittsburgh by Calgary for Kenny Agostino, Ben Hanowski and Pittsburgh's 1st round pick (Morgan Klimchuk) in 2013 NHL Draft, March 28, 2013. Signed as a free agent by Boston, July 5, 2013. Signed as a free agent by Colorado, July 1, 2014.
The New York Jets have weathered some dark days over the last 15 years. But one day in particular stands out among the rest.
It was Jan. 3, 2000, the day that was supposed to spell a new beginning and a promising future for the Jets after Bill Parcells' retirement. But the press conference that was intended to introduce new head coach Bill Belichick to New York fans and media quickly took a turn for the ridiculous -- foreshadowing the next decade-plus of Jets history.
"I resign as HC of the NYJ," Belichick scribbled on a napkin shortly before the presser that was both introductory and an abrupt farewell. They hardly took the time to write out a full sentence before stepping, with both feet, into the New England Patriots organization.
Of course, Belichick has gone on to become one of the best head coaches in the history of the NFL with the Pats over the last 16 seasons. The Jets have won six playoff games over that span to New England's 21.
In the video above, 2 Point Lead took a look back at Belichick's monumental 24-hour tenure, thanks to the recollections of ESPN's Mike Greenberg and former Jets star Wayne Chrebet.
It's tempting to try and think about what could've been, but for Jets fans, it's probably a better idea not to -- especially this weekend, when the Pats are competing and 'Gang Green' home watching.
Follow @AOLSports on Twitter.
TOP PHOTOS FROM LAST WEEK'S ACTION:
15 PHOTOS NFL Wild Card weekend best photos See Gallery Remembering the day Bill Belichick coached the New York Jets HOUSTON, TX - JANUARY 09: Frankie Hammond #85 of the Kansas City Chiefs makes a catch against the Houston Texans during the AFC Wild Card Playoff game at NRG Stadium on January 9, 2016 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Bob Levey/Getty Images) Kansas City Chiefs running back Spencer Ware (32) scores in the fourth quarter against the Houston Texans during the AFC Wild Card game on Saturday, Jan. 9, 2016, at NRG Stadium in Houston. The Chiefs won, 30-0. (John Sleezer/Kansas City Star/TNS via Getty Images) HOUSTON, TX - JANUARY 09: The Kansas City Chiefs huddle in the first quarter against the Houston Texans during the AFC Wild Card Playoff game at NRG Stadium on January 9, 2016 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Scott Halleran/Getty Images) HOUSTON, TX - JANUARY 09: Cairo Santos #5 of the Kansas City Chiefs makes an extra point in the third quarter against the Houston Texans during the AFC Wild Card Playoff game at NRG Stadium on January 9, 2016 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Thomas B. Shea/Getty Images) HOUSTON, TX - JANUARY 09: Travis Kelce #87 of the Kansas City Chiefs is tackled by Kevin Johnson #30 of the Houston Texans in the second quarter during the AFC Wild Card Playoff game at NRG Stadium on January 9, 2016 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Thomas B. Shea/Getty Images) CINCINNATI, OH - JANUARY 09: Antonio Brown #84 of the Pittsburgh Steelers is unable to catch a pass as they are defended by Chris Lewis-Harris #37 of the Cincinnati Bengals in the fourth quarter during the AFC Wild Card Playoff game at Paul Brown Stadium on January 9, 2016 in Cincinnati, Ohio. (Photo by Andy Lyons/Getty Images) CINCINNATI, OH - JANUARY 09: Antonio Brown #84 of the Pittsburgh Steelers is unable to catch a pass as they are defended by Leon Hall #29 of the Cincinnati Bengals in the fourth quarter during the AFC Wild Card Playoff game at Paul Brown Stadium on January 9, 2016 in Cincinnati, Ohio. (Photo by Joe Robbins/Getty Images) MINNEAPOLIS, MN - JANUARY 10: Russell Wilson #3 of the Seattle Seahawks reacts after being sacked in the third quarter against the Minnesota Vikings during the NFC Wild Card Playoff game at TCFBank Stadium on January 10, 2016 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (Photo by Jamie Squire/Getty Images) MINNEAPOLIS, MN - JANUARY 10: A general view of fans during the NFC Wild Card Playoff game between the Minnesota Vikings and the Seattle Seahawks at TCFBank Stadium on January 10, 2016 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (Photo by Hannah Foslien/Getty Images) MINNEAPOLIS, MN - JANUARY 10: Adrian Peterson #28 of the Minnesota Vikings fumbles the ball in the fourth quarter against the Seattle Seahawks during the NFC Wild Card Playoff game at TCFBank Stadium on January 10, 2016 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (Photo by Hannah Foslien/Getty Images) MINNEAPOLIS, MN - JANUARY 10: Blair Walsh #3 of the Minnesota Vikings misses a 27-yard field goal in the fourth quarter against the Seattle Seahawks during the NFC Wild Card Playoff game at TCFBank Stadium on January 10, 2016 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Seattle Seahawks defeat the Minnesota Vikings with a score of 10 to 9. (Photo by Jamie Squire/Getty Images) LANDOVER, MD - JANUARY 10: Wide receiver James Jones #89 of the Green Bay Packers is tackled by cornerback Quinton Dunbar #47 of the Washington Redskins in the second quarter during the NFC Wild Card Playoff game at FedExField on January 10, 2016 in Landover, Maryland. (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images) LANDOVER, MD - JANUARY 10: Inside linebacker Clay Matthews #52 of the Green Bay Packers in action against the Washington Redskins at FedExField on January 10, 2016 in Landover, Maryland. (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images) LANDOVER, MD- JANUARY 10: Washington Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins (8) is sacked by Green Bay Packers outside linebacker Mike Neal (96) for a 16 yard loss on fourth down with just under three minutes left tin the fourth quarter of the NFC Wild Card playoff game between the Washington Redskins and the Green Bay Packers at FedEx Field on Sunday, January 10, 2016. (Photo by Toni L. Sandys/ The Washington Post via Getty Images) LANDOVER, MD - JANUARY 10: Jeff Janis #83 of the Green Bay Packers is tackled by Tanard Jackson #36 of the Washington Redskins during a kick-off return in the first quarter during the NFC Wild Card Playoff game at FedExField on January 10, 2016 in Landover, Maryland. (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
For more on Wayne Chrebet, contact AthletePromotions.
In the latest attempt to steer the political narrative away from Trump's wiretapping accusations and back to Russian hackers, Bloomberg's Michael Riley is reporting this morning that at least a dozen liberal groups in the U.S. have been targeted in a new wave of new cyberattacks. Apparently those hackers are scouring the emails of left-leaning organizations for embarrassing details and attempting to extract hush money in the form of, drumroll, "evil, anti-establishment" bitcoin.
At least a dozen groups have faced extortion attempts since the U.S. presidential election, said the people, who provided broad outlines of the campaign. The ransom demands are accompanied by samples of sensitive data in the hackers' possession. In one case, a non-profit group and a prominent liberal donor discussed how to use grant money to cover some costs for anti-Trump protesters. The identities were not disclosed, and it's unclear if the protesters were paid. At least some groups have paid the ransoms even though there is little guarantee the documents won't be made public anyway. Demands have ranged from about $30,000 to $150,000, payable in untraceable bitcoins, according to one of the people familiar with the probe.
Of course, in what has become a journalistic norm, all of the details from Bloomberg come from two anonymous people "familiar with probes being conducted by the FBI and private security firms."
And while Bloomberg admits that "attribution is notoriously difficult in a computer attack," they go ahead and assert that all cyber crimes are perpetrated by Russian based groups anyway.
The hackers have used some of the techniques that security experts consider hallmarks of Cozy Bear, one of the Russian government groups identified as behind last year's attack on the Democratic National Committee during the presidential election and which is under continuing investigation. Cozy Bear has not been accused of using extortion in the past, though separating government and criminal actors in Russia can be murky as security experts say some people have a foot in both worlds.
Both the Center for American Progress and Arabella Advisors are among the groups that have been asked to pay ransoms.
The Center for American Progress, a Washington think tank with strong links to both the Clinton and Obama administrations, and Arabella Advisors, which guides liberal donors who want to invest in progressive causes, have been asked to pay ransoms, according to people familiar with the probes. It's unclear whether Arabella is part of the same campaign as the other dozen groups, according to one of the people familiar with the probes, but the tactics and approach are similar. If the Arabella attack came from a different group, multiple criminals could be lifting a page from Russia's hacking of the 2016 campaign, attempting to leverage the reputational damage that could be inflicted on political organizations by exposing their secrets. “Arabella Advisors was affected by cyber crime,” said Steve Sampson, a spokesperson for the firm, which lists 150 employees operating in four offices. ''All facts indicate this was financially motivated.'' Allison Preiss, a spokesperson for the Center for American Progress, said the group had no comment.
Meanwhile, the FBI declined to comment on these latest accusations, at least officially, while John Hultquist, director of cyber espionage analysis at FireEye Inc., said they would be "cautious concluding that this has any sort of Russian government backing."
The Federal Bureau of Investigation declined to comment when asked about the latest hacks. It is continuing to investigate Russia's attempts to influence the election and any possible connections to Trump campaign aides. Russian officials have repeatedly denied any attempt to influence the election or any role in related computer break-ins. “I would be cautious concluding that this has any sort of Russian government backing,” said John Hultquist, director of cyber espionage analysis at FireEye Inc., after the outline of the attacks was described to him. “Russian government hackers have aggressively targeted think tanks, and even masqueraded as ransomware operations, but it's always possible it is just another shakedown.”
More Russian hacking or just more "fake news," you decide.
Letter from Library and School Board Members: ‘NO on SQ 766'
Joe Wertz Bio Recent Stories Joe Wertz is a senior reporter and managing editor at StateImpact Oklahoma. They report regularly on energy and environment issues for national NPR audiences and other national outlets, and serves as president-elect of Freedom of Information Oklahoma, an open record and government transparency nonprofit. Previously, they worked as a managing editor, assistant editor and staff reporter at several major Oklahoma newspapers. They live in Oklahoma City, and studied journalism at the University of Central Oklahoma.
Here's a letter urging a ‘no' vote on State Question 766 signed by three library and two school board members in Norman.
Elaine Hobson, a Norman-area pathologist and Pioneer Library System board member collected the signatures. If the question passes — exempting certain “intangible” properties from taxation — schools, libraries and county services will face cuts, the five signatories write:
The estimate for lost revenue for the state is as high as $68 million. The Pioneer Library System estimates they would lose $400,000 and the Norman Public Schools estimate a loss of $600,000. Other county services such as our Health Department would also lose.
Have a response? Add your thoughts to the discussion below, or reach out to us via email or @StateImpactOK on Twitter.
Shane Jennings will retire from rugby at the end of the season.
Shane Jennings will retire from rugby at the end of the season.
LEINSTER AND IRELAND flanker Shane Jennings has announced their decision to retire from rugby at the end of the current season.
The three-time Heineken Cup winner called time on their 13-year career at today's Leinster press conference where the openside was named as captain for the visit of Zebre to the RDS tomorrow evening.
The 33-year old won 13 caps for Ireland and, while they are best known for their time with the Blues, also made 60 appearances for Leicester scoring 12 tries.
Speaking at the RDS today, Jennings said:
“[Retiring] has been on my mind for a while to be honest. The last couple of weeks probably solidified my decision. It's been on my mind for a while. I've certainly taken my time to think about it, think about all the options, think about what I'm probably going to leave behind.
“There are a number of reasons. My body is battered and bruised, but thankfully it's not too bad. I've kind of been preparing myself over the last number of years with IRUPA through educational programmes and mentor programmes, and I've got a lot of assistance and a lot of help over the last few years to prepare myself for this. I'm very grateful that I'm going out on my terms.
“I'm very grateful that I've been part of such a great club, such a great team. It's been good times. But thankfully I'm confident I've made the right decision. I'm prepared, and I'm looking forward to the next stage of my life.”
Leinster head coach Matt O'Connor paid tribute to their departing player by saying: “It's been a pleasure to work with them over the last two season. I don't think think there's been a bigger contributor to the success of the organisation over the last few years.”
Jennings in action for Ireland during the 2011 Rugby World Cup. Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
And in a statement this afternoon IRUPA CEO Omar Hassanein said:
“It is a sad day to see Shane retiring and on behalf of the IRUPA Executive Board, our staff and our wider members, I would like to thank Shane for the immense contribution they have made to IRUPA over the past seven years.
“His commitment and drive to furthering the conditions and playing environment for all our members has been limitless.
“He typifies all that is good about the modern rugby player; a consummate professional on field and in the team room, a dedicated advocate for the players and a role model for all our members in how they conduct their off field career development. We wish them the very best for the future.”
A GIANT fissure has opened across the Sun and is spewing rapid solar winds toward our planet.
NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory got wind of the massive hole on Friday morning.
NASA 3 NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory recorded the massive coronal hole on April 21
This coronal hole is a vast region where the Sun's magnetic field tears apart, allowing solar wind to escape.
Super-charged solar winds flowing from the Sun's atmosphere are expected to reach Earth on April 23 or 24.
According to the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, this could whip up a "moderately strong" geomagnetic storm.
What is a solar storm? Solar flares shoot charged particles which can reach as far as Earth. Our planet has a natural protection against them, including our magnetic field and an atmosphere that blocks most. But they can directly affect communications and radio transmissions, sparking concerns that they could wreak havoc on modern civilisation. They are also particularly dangerous for airline pilots and astronauts, who could be susceptible to radiation during a storm. One of the most spectacular consequences is an aurora, like the Northern Lights. When the charged particles hit our magnetic field, their glow is turned into the colourful streaks seen across the sky.
Nasa 3 Nasa captured a film of solar flares being flung from the Sun's atmosphere earlier this month
SWNS/Hallgrimur Helgason 3 Geomagnetic storms can cause havoc, but are also behind some of the most beautiful sights in our skies, including the Northern Lights
MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE Revealed These SUCKS! The dodgy Android apps secretly 'slurping' your battery life and mobile data TAKING THE PIZZ Domino's fans think Dom pizza tracker doesn't actually track deliveries WATCHING YOUR EVERY MOVE How to see Google's creepy map showing EVERYWHERE you've ever been Revealed SWITCHED OFF The £300 'dumb phone' with ZERO apps could fix your smartphone addiction CORE OF THE PROBLEM? Apple engineer says pressure to design iPhone is reason I'm divorced Pictured ICE AND FIRE Nasa reveals giant green DRAGON in Iceland's sky that came from hole in Sun
These kinds of storms are behind the beautiful natural phenomenon, the Northern Lights.
But a storm of this magnitude could have an effect on power grids and navigation systems across the Earth's surface.
G2 storms affect plane and military radio systems, spacecraft operations and could trigger voltage alarms or cause equipment damage in power systems.
Scientists are growing increasingly concerned over the effect a solar explosion, flare or storm could have on humanity.
Some kinds of space weather can cause blackouts. @NASA scientists are working with industry to help us prepare: https://t.co/ldmEvQ8PE5 pic.twitter.com/Zg9Qm4dPpI — NASA Sun & Space (@NASASun) April 20, 2017
Our growing dependence on technology puts humans at a greater risk if power grids, planes and satellites stop working.
US president Barack Obama was forced to issue a chilling warning to the nation in preparation for devastating space weather storms earlier this year.
They said: "Extreme space weather events - those that could significantly degrade critical infrastructure - could disable large portions of the electrical power grid, resulting in cascading failures that would affect key services such as water supply, healthcare, and transportation.
"Space weather has the potential to simultaneously affect and disrupt health and safety across entire continents."
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
GLEN ROSE — Witnesses say a mother confessed to putting their toddler in an oven, according to the Somervell County Sheriff's Department.
Authorities said late Thursday night they were called to a residence where a toddler was reported to have suffered burns. Upon their arrival, deputies talked with witnesses who said 35-year-old Tasha Shontell Hatcher told them they placed their 2-year-old child in the oven.
The child was transported to Texas Health Harris Methodist Hospital in Fort Worth, and then taken by air ambulance to Parkland Hospital in Dallas. They suffered second and third degree burns.
Arutro Villa lives directly next to Hatcher about three miles outside of Glen Rose.
"They always seemed playful together," they said.
But on Thursday evening, as they mowed their lawn, they say they noticed loud music and Hatcher acting strangely, making gestures and signs.
"It was unusual," they said.
The mother has been charged with serious bodily harm to a child and is being held on a $300,000 bond.
Authorities say Sommervell deputies, Texas Rangers, and Child Protective Services are still investigating the case.
A spokesperson from CPS said the child will be placed in their custody and then foster care when they are able to leave the hospital.
Somervell County is located about 53 miles southwest of Fort Worth in Texas.
Copyright 2016 WFAA
Jamie and Lapis Lazuli from the cartoon "Steven Universe."I was unable to participate in the 2nd Jamzuli BombIt came by around the time I was having finals in one of my classes and I couldn't do bothBut to make up for it, I worked extra hard on one specific piece. And instead of basing it on one of the prompts of any of the given days of this week, I decided to just do a confession sceneIt's not all that much. I wanted to make it with more depth and scenery, like maybe they were rehearsing for a play, some sort of argument ensued, Lapis tries to leave and Jamie gets their act on with their recently discovered feelings that would have caused the argument in the first place.But I knew that it would take far too long to whip up the full idea and sketch and even longer to color it. So ta-da! Here's a drawing with almost no depth or scenery or even much backgroundI am oddly satisfied with how this turned out, thoughI just whipped up a quick base and gave it some lines. Coloring was almost a cinchI'm quite proud of the turnoutSo, , sorry. But I hope this is nice enough!Hope you enjoyed!~Pizza
WARNING: VERY LARGE FILE AHEADWell folks, here it is. This is what I've been working on for days and days now. Thought this up a few weeks ago after I saw Sasuke resting up in that inn. My mind started working up ideas. I could scarcely believe the things Sasuke's been capable of lately. It's so utterly preposterous, I couldn't sit back and do nothing. I had to call this out into the open. And who better to do it with than everyone's favorite art ninja, Akatsuki no Deidara. But it wasn't just to call out Sasuke. It's also for me to argue that Deidara is not dead. Of course realistically, he's not dead for different reasons than those here, but either way, he'll live FOREVER.I didn't realize at the opening, just how long this would be. If I had, I might have done it in comic pages. However, I didn't realize until it was a bit too late, just how large it would be. As I said in the preview for this, the comic made me realize there's only so big you can make a picture in Photoshop. 50 inches apparently. But I lowered the resolution, since it was high already, and it worked out fine.For this comic, I was sort of going for the feel of another "Sasuke Fails At Pokémon" sort of thing. It's not hard, since Sasuke's become so ridiculous. I'll explain, because it's just my way.Sasuke's resting in the room at the inn. He's sent Suigetsu, Karin, and Juugo out, for one reason or another. This doesn't really come into play in the comic, so I didn't flesh it out. All of a sudden, there's a knock on the door. Sasuke opens their eyes and looks, to it. As it opens, a hand with purple fingernail polish grips in, and Sasuke is shocked to see Deidara sliding the door open, looking as well as they ever did. Sasuke can't believe this and, in shock, questions how it could have possibly happened. Deidara then flashes back to the happenings of the end of their battle and explains just how ridiculous Sasuke's "escape" was. Sasuke, persisting on their question, bring the conversation back to Deidara's survival. Deidara, replies by reasoning that since Sasuke can perform impossible actions, there should be no sense of logic to limit any other characters from doing the same. They even use the seemingly ridiculous example that Tobi could be the Akatsuki Leader. In short, if Sasuke can do everything they did with no chakra in microseconds, then surely Deidara could survive their own self-destruction. They both state eachother down for a moment. Then Deidara ponders just where Tobi could be, while Sasuke yells at Deidara in frustration. Meanwhile, somewhere in the distance, Tobi feels something, and wonders if it could possibly be their sempai.I know there's a lot of Sasuke bashing in this one, but I'm just so frustrated with them lately. And Deidara-sempai is a wonderful vessel for venting that frustration.I really like how most of the panels turned out. I'm not entirely sure what else to say. I'm a little tired from working on this pretty hardcore for days. So if I think of some more things to say later, I'll come back and say them. Other than that, I wish you all enjoy my little comic.S'racDeidara Detail Page: [link] Naruto © Kishimoto Masashi
More than a hundred years ago an extraordinary mechanism was found by sponge divers at the bottom of the sea near the island of Antikythera. It astonished the whole international community of experts on the ancient world. Was it an astrolabe? Was it an orrery or an astronomical clock? Or something else?
For decades, scientific investigation failed to yield much light and relied more on imagination than the facts. However research over the last half century has begun to reveal its secrets. The machine dates from around the end of the 2nd century B.C. and is the most sophisticated mechanism known from the ancient world. Nothing as complex is known for the next thousand years. The Antikythera Mechanism is now understood to be dedicated to astronomical phenomena and operates as a complex mechanical "computer" which tracks the cycles of the Solar System.
West Antarctica continues to lose ice to the ocean and this loss appears to be accelerating, according to new data from Europe's Cryosat spacecraft.
The dedicated polar mission finds the region now to be dumping over 150 cubic km of ice into the sea every year.
It equates to a 15% increase in West Antarctica's contribution to global sea level rise.
Cryosat was launched in 2010 with a radar specifically designed to measure the shape of ice surfaces.
And the instrument's novel design, scientists believe, is enabling the European Space Agency satellite to observe features beyond the capability of previous missions.
The new study, presented here in San Francisco to the American Geophysical Union (AGU) Fall Meeting, confirms the usual suspects to be involved in the increased ice loss.
They are Pine Island, Thwaites and Smith Glaciers.
These major glaciers and their associated tributaries drain the interior of West Antarctica, taking its mass into the Amundsen Sea.
The ice near to their grounding lines - the places where the ice streams lift up off the land and begin to float out over the ocean - is now thinning by between four and eight metres per year.
"Interestingly, Smith Glacier is thinning fastest," said study leader Dr Malcolm McMillan from the UK's Nerc Centre for Polar Observation and Modelling (CPOM).
"It's smaller but its thinning rate is roughly double that of Pine Island or Thwaites, which tend to get all the headlines because they have such huge catchments," they told BBC News.
In a recent major review of all satellite data, scientists concluded that ice losses from West Antarctica pushed up global sea levels by some 0.28mm a year between 2005 and 2010.
The new Cryosat data picks up from the end of that period, and suggests the contribution has risen still further.
Image caption Cryosat's double antenna configuration allows it to map slopes very effectively
However, the mission's researchers caution that some of the increase may simply be the result of Cryosat's exceptional radar vision.
With two antennas slightly offset from each other, the spacecraft's instrument is tuned to sense not just the height of the ice but the shape of its slopes and ridges.
This interferometric observing mode, as it is known, makes Cryosat much more sensitive to details at the edges of the ice sheet - the locations where thinning is most pronounced.
"Cryosat's new mode was designed with the express purpose of detecting changes in coastal regions of the polar ice sheets and, although this first glimpse confirms the design is a roaring success, sadly, it reveals also that there has been no let-up in the rate of ice loss from West Antarctica," added Prof Andy Shepherd of Leeds University, a co-author on the study.
"Nevertheless, it's important to take care when interpreting these measurements.
"Although some of the changes are due to increased ice thinning, others are related to Cryosat's capacity to observe previously unseen terrain and, of course, three years is a very short period for detecting trends.
"The longer we are able to fly this exceptional mission, the more certain we will be about making comparisons to the past."
Image caption Parts of West Antarctica are undergoing significant change
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
NOTE – If you are new to the “Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows,” read the quote at the bottom this post (under the asterisks) then watch the video.
Lachesism: Longing for the Clarity of Disaster
Via The Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
As quoted from the YouTube webpage for this video [emphasis is mine]:
LACHESISM – For a million years, we've watched the sky, and huddled in fear. But somehow you still find yourself quietly rooting for the storm. As if a part of you is tired of waiting, wondering when the world will fall apart—by lot, by fate, by the will of the gods—almost daring them to grant your wish. ETYMOLOGY – Greek, from LACHESIS, “the disposer of lots.” Lachesis is the name of the second of the three fates in Ancient Greek mythology. Clothed in white, Lachesis is the measurer of the thread woven by Clotho's spindle, the apportioner who decided how much time for life was to be allowed for each person or being. They measured the thread of life with their rod.”
**************
UPDATE: Today, Federal Communications Commission Chairman Julius Genachowski issued a statement declaring their intention to reassert the agency's authority over Internet Service Providers. Their statement was followed by a more detailed plan from the FCC's general counsel. The "third way" plan, designed to appease Net Neutrality advocates - while not completely enraging the phone and cable companies - is good in some areas, and bad in others.
It will enable the FCC to enact many important provisions of their celebrated National Broadband Plan, including Net Neutrality and modifying government subsidy of Internet services. However, the new plan explicitly states that the FCC will not try to advance policies that promote more competition and affordability. Genachowski will use a technical process called "forbearance" to strip some of the agency's authority.
This approach mirrors the major shortfall in the original broadband plan: it is conspicuously missing tough provisions that would foster competition in a nation where 97% of markets have two or less broadband providers. Lack of competition is the primary reason the US has fallen from 4th to 22nd globally in broadband speed and adoption in the past ten years.
Fortunately, FCC Commissioner Michael Copps issued a strong statement today, cautioning the chairperson from weakening the agency's authority by going on a "forbearance binge."
###
In response to widespread netroots backlash, the chairperson of the FCC has decided to choose a path toward a broadband policy framework that will protect Net Neutrality and promote universal access.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the Chairman plans to restore the status quo as it existed prior to the court decision in order to fulfill the agency's goals to bring broadband to all Americans and preserve a free and open Internet. The recent court decision determined that changed made by the Bush-era FCC had stripped the agency from authority to regulate Internet broadband providers like Comcast and ATT.
Assuming that the Chairman's proposal is reasonable, it is a clear signal that the FCC is backing away from the cliff, and charting a path toward a sensible broadband policy framework that will protect consumers and promote universal access.
Following their arrest in Thailand on Monday, local authorities are already preparing Fredrik Neij's deportation from the country. The Pirate Bay founder is currently en route to the Thai capital Bangkok where they will be met by Swedish police who will escort them back to Scandinavia. A 10 month prison sentence awaits.
After the final guilty verdicts were handed down in the historic Pirate Bay trial, Fredrik Neij decided that life in a Swedish prison wasn't for him.
Instead, Neij flew to the Asian country of Laos where they have been enjoying family life with this wife and three children. They made no secret of their whereabouts, with Facebook updates appearing to show a relaxed man enjoying life in the capital Vientiane, a city situated on the Mekong near the border with Thailand.
Vientiane's location appears to have played a big part in both Neij's life and their eventual downfall. Laos is somewhat lacking in facilities so being right on the border with Thailand was convenient when Neij's family required things such as healthcare.
However, according to Thai authorities they crossed that border 27 times in recent years and Monday was to be their unlucky day. Neij was already the subject of Swedish and Interpol warrants so when they were spotted wearing the same shirt as they were wearing in their ‘wanted' photo, Thai border police arrested him.
After being held in custody during Monday and Tuesday, Neij is now on their way to Bangkok pending their almost certain return to Sweden. While it is being reported that Neij will be extradited, Sweden and Thailand have signed no extradition treaty. That being said, removing them is not expected to be an issue.
Local media is reporting that Thai authorities have revoked Neij's visa, meaning that they can now be deported. Most people being removed from the country are taken to Bangkok and Neij is now confirmed as being en route to the Thai capital.
“Three Thai police officers will escort them on the flight to Bangkok and Swedish police will help us whisk them to the immigration bureau before they are handed over to Swedish authorities,” Police Colonel Panlop Suriyakul na Ayutthaya told AFP.
That Swedish authorities are in Thailand ready for Neij was confirmed by their lawyer Jonas Nilsson.
“As I understood it, staff from the Swedish embassy are on their way to where they are. [Fredrik has] also been informed that they will be transported to Sweden,” Neij's lawyer, Jonas Nilsson told SR.
The deportation procedure is relatively straightforward and an initial investigation could be completed within 48 hours but extended for seven days and beyond if necessary. [Update: Thai authorities say Neij will be sent to Sweden “within the next month”]
If earlier plans for Neij's incarceration in Sweden play out, on their return they will be processed and taken to Kirseberg prison in Malmö. The prison first came into operation during 1914 and has a capacity of 131 inmates and around 170 staff. According to the decision of the court, Neij is set to spend a total of 10 months inside.
In addition to their prison sentence, Neij is required to pay their share of roughly $6.78m in damages owed to copyright holders.
Previous investigations by Swedish authorities turned up no assets in their name but yesterday Thai authorities revealed that the Swede has a house on the island of Phuket and five million baht ($153,000) in a local bank account. Whether this is within reach of copyright holders remains to be seen.
Update: New video of Fredrik just in courtesy of Expressen.se.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emile Heskey has hammered Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after a sorry first start in a Liverpool shirt.
The £35million summer signing from Arsenal was given a chance to impress from the off in the Carabao Cup tie against Leicester on Tuesday night.
But the England international endured a nightmare as the Reds crashed out of the competition after going down 2-0 at the King Power.
When asked about Oxlade-Chamberlain's full debut, former Liverpool and Leicester forward Heskey told Sky Sports : “Disappointing. Sometimes you forgot they were even playing in the game.
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“You expect them to be all-action up and down that wing and we didn't see it. Creating chances, running at the defence.
“In all fairness, I've got to give it to Ben Chilwell because they played a blinding game.”
Nothing is safe on social media, as Michael Keane has just discovered.
While browser Twitter on Tuesday the Everton defender came across a joke aimed at Oxlade-Chamberlain.
And well, it seems the 24-year-old couldn't help but give it a 'like'.
The tweet in question read: "Rio Ferdinand isn't the first person to do a sport he's not used to... for instance, Oxlade-Chamberlain has been having a go at football."
(Image: AFP/Getty)
So you can be sure the former Burnley man will face the wrath of the Liverpool supporters keen on defending their man.
A screenshot of the Everton defender's Twitter page, showing them 'liking' the offending tweet was quickly spread about on social media like wild fire.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So being the insane son of a bitch I am, I decided to partake in another monthly ARTIST TRAINING GROUND CHALLENGE!Starting in June!This theme is:This was tricky to think about for a bit but then it came to me. Twilight had a strong impact in reforming Discord completely and was something I loved about this arc in Seasons 3 and 4.I personally do not feel Twilight as being the Element of Magic anymore. She's been established as the Element of Friendship and we've seen Discord's character change gradually and their friendship ultimately be tested through various episodes and then come full circle in the finale.We can clearly see that they really does care about their friendship to the ponies especially Twilight in the opening of Season 4, Three's A Crowd and in the Finale.Something I loved best about this season, their turnaround.WISH TO JOIN ME?HERE IS THE CHALLENGE: anirichie-art.tumblr.com/post/… Media: Traditional, Tablet, Photoshop CS4Time: 3 hours- Anirichie 2014
SALT LAKE CITY — Sen. Orrin Hatch reaffirmed their commitment this week to securing the return of sacred Jewish texts from the Russian government.
"Much like Utah's early settlers, our Jewish brothers and sisters are a record-keeping people who cherish the word of God and look to holy scripture as a source of identity and inspiration. As a person of faith myself, I was moved by their earnest desire to reclaim these religious records for the benefit of future generations," Hatch said in a statement provided by their office.
The texts, referred to as the Schneerson collection, are the "spiritual crown jewel of Chabad," an orthodox movement within Judaism, according to Rabbi Chaim Cunin, one of the men who met with Hatch. The collection includes approximately 12,000 Jewish holy books and 25,000 handwritten documents, such as letters.
"Many of the books of commentary include notes from rabbis. They annotated the margins with personal thoughts and teachings," Rabbi Cunin said. "The documents include the stories and struggles of people who, in some cases, only exist on these pages."
The Chabad community first lost part of the Schneerson collection a century ago, when books and documents were seized by the Bolsheviks during the Russian Revolution. Then additional documents were taken by the Nazis during World War II when members of the Chabad community fled Poland for their own safety.
In the 1980s, Jewish leaders discovered that missing pieces of the collection were being held by the Russian government. They've been working since then to secure their return.
These documents are "of immense and indescribable spiritual significance," said Rabbi Cunin, who serves as CEO of Chabad of California.
Hatch has been aware of the Schneerson collection since the early 1990s, when they joined with their 99 fellow senators to call for their release. Another application was made to Russian leaders in February 2005, but, so far, only eight volumes have been returned — one to then-Vice President Al Gore during their 1993 trip to Russia and seven more to then-President Bill Clinton on another official visit.
The collection has been embroiled in an international legal dispute since 2004, according to a 2013 account in Tablet Magazine, a publication of Jewish news and culture. The article explains a major cause of the impasse is that American and Russian officials have divergent opinions on why ownership of the collection matters.
"The Russians aren't so worried about losing precious Jewish manuscripts, but rather about setting a legal precedent for returning nationalized Soviet property at large," wrote Avital Chizhik.
At a meeting Monday, Hatch signed a third unanimous request from the Senate to Russian President Vladimir Putin for the return of the sacred letters. They also finalized a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, which asks for the State Department's support in these efforts.
"I write to ask for your help in conveying this letter, and the two previous letters to which it refers, to President Putin, and in securing the return of this collection of religious works to Chabad, its rightful owners," Hatch wrote to Tillerson.
The senator said their work with and on behalf of the Jewish community is especially important after recent incidents of vandalism and religious discrimination aimed at these believers in the United States.
"Amid a wave of rising anti-Semitism, showing solidarity with our Jewish friends is more important now than ever before," Hatch noted.
The rabbis blessed and hung a mezuzah, an important symbol of the Jewish community, next to the door frame of Hatch's office, sharing their gratitude for their long-term support.
"Our spirits are really high right now," Rabbi Cunin said, noting that he's glad Hatch and others have recognized the significance of the missing sacred texts.
"This affects not just every Chabad rabbi and community member, but also every Jew," they said. "This is a plea for historical justice."
Staff_Julie: Staff_Julie: Please, please, please, make sure you disband/leave your guild, leave your party, and collect your items from the market. I suggest you spend the upcoming week to make arrangements with your friends and guild members.
Why not include a preparatory in-game mechanic in the future.
Meaning, when you wish to transfer your character you initiate a procedure in-game which creates a list with checks whether you fulfilled a set of prerequisites, like emptying your storage and market, leaving the guild and party, maybe distributing skill points, etc., whatever is necessary.
If a check is not satisfied but the player wishes to proceed, you require them to type a long sentence as verification. Then, only when these checks have been submitted, a ticket or further procedure will be accepted.
Of course, it would be best if, as the next step, the player could write up a message in-game, submit it and freeze the character/team until the transfer is automatically completed during the next maintenance without accessing any website.
In the end, it all came down to turnout.
While ballots were still being counted Wednesday morning, the Associated Press reported 118,523,026 ballots were cast across the country in the 2016 election. Democrat Hillary Clinton looked set to win the national popular vote, but a collapse in Democratic turnout handed Donald Trump the presidency through the Electoral College.
More than 231.55 million people were eligible to vote. Nearly half stayed home.
The 2016 turnout numbers show a dismal result for Democrats, who rely on high voter turnout in big elections. According to preliminary numbers from the Associated Press, 7.5 million more people voted in 2012 and almost 13 million more people voted in 2008.
That means that Donald Trump will become the president although they have received about 1.74 million fewer votes than 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney.
The reason Trump was able to win the presidency with fewer votes is a collapse in the Democratic coalition that sent Barack Obama to the Oval Office twice. Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton received about 6.56 million fewer votes than Obama's nearly 66 million votes in 2012.
Exit polls from CBS News showed Trump's appeal to white and male voters of different racial backgrounds may have carried the day for him.
Trump beat Clinton among white women by a similar amount that Romney defeated Obama. However, Clinton received 4 percent less of the white male vote than Obama did in 2012, according to a CBS report.
Trump won among white voters without a college degree 72 percent to 23 percent, won among white women who didn't go to college 62 percent to 34 percent and won white, college-educated men 62 percent to 34 percent. Clinton won college-educated white women 51 percent to 45 percent, the report showed, CBS said.
The exit polls showed Clinton dropped 5 percent with black voters compared with Obama in 2012, including only getting 80 percent of the black male vote. The poll attributed their drop in African-American voters to the decrease in the black male vote.
The poll shows white Republican voters mostly came home to Trump: 91 percent of white Republican women voted for the nominee and 92 percent of white Republican men followed suit. In contrast, Clinton won 86 percent of white Democratic women and 81 percent of white Democratic men.
The poll comes to the conclusion that many votes simply didn't like Clinton.
"In the exit polls, voters were asked whether they strongly favored their candidate, liked their candidate but with reservations, or if they voted because they disliked the other candidate," the report stated. "While 21 percent of Clinton voters said they disliked the other candidates, more – 28 percent – of Trump voters reported that. There appears to have been more people voting against Clinton than against Trump."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAKELAND, Tenn. -- Christmas is usually about the kids, but this year there was one present under the tree that was just for mom of three, Ashley Montgomery.
“This is a Cricut that was bought for me as a gift from Walmart,” Montgomery said. “It cuts vinyl and paper. A lot of crafters use it.”
The working mom was busy all week with their job as an overnight night nurse at Methodist North.
So they finally settled in on New Year's night to some fun with their new toy.
They said they were shocked by what happened next.
“When I opened the box, it was full of sprouting potatoes,” they said.
They found ten potatoes in all in the box and wondered if their dad was playing a joke.
"My dad is very upset it's not what they purchased for $150," they said. "I'm hoping Walmart can work with me. Hopefully we can get it fixed."
WREG was there as Montgomery and their husband ventured inside the Bartlett store.
After about an hour, they returned with good news.
“It actually went great! A lot better than expected. I got a full refund,” they said. “They called a bunch of people up there to come look at the potatoes. They were making jokes, like, 'Where do we send it back? Do we send it to produce?'”
They said employees told them it was probably a scheme -- a Grinch returned the box to get money back but kept the product, leaving them the box of starch.
“Lesson learned, always check the box before you leave the store,” they said.
And if they can't craft tonight, at least they had a good start to the new year.
Walmart also released the following statement to WREG: “We want our customers to be satisfied with products they purchase at our stores. If for any reason they are not, we will exchange or refund the item. We apologize to the customer for this inconvenience.”
A viral video star has sued Apple over the sale of a track put on iTunes that sampled them catchphrase.
Kimberly Wilkins, who goes by the nickname "Sweet Brown," filed a complaint against the tech giant as well as local radio stations earlier this month, reports NewsOK.
Wilkins garnered Internet fame for their appearance in an on-the-scene TV interview about a local apartment fire last year, which included their saying, "Ain't nobody got time for that."
Some sampling from that interview was turned into a song called "I got bronchitis" that was sold on iTunes for about two and a half months before being taken down.
Wilkins and their co-plaintiff, Sparkell Adams, originally wanted $15 million in damages from Apple, NewsOK reports, but an updated version of the complaint got rid of the amount.
An Apple spokesperson declined to comment on the complaint.
Here's the video of the original interview:
Does earning more money mean the woman has more power in the relationship? Illustration by Robert Neubecker.
Are you a wife who earns more than your husband? Or a husband who earns less than your wife? We invite you to submit your testimonies on how this dynamic plays out in your relationship and life to doublex.slate@gmail.com. Put the word “breadwinners” in the subject line. We will print some of your essays on the blog in the coming days.
The following story is adapted from Hanna Rosin's new book, The End of Men: and the Rise of Women, which comes out today.
For much of history, the mark of an enviable woman has been their ability to secure a superior match, through their beauty, cleverness, or artful deception. After civil rights, that expectation mellowed into something called “homogamy,” meaning women marrying men of equal money and education. But that happy place of equilibrium seems to be fading as well. Instead, women have started doing something demographers thought they would never see: they are marrying down, not just in the United States but all over the world, a phenomenon closely tracked by Spanish demographer Albert Esteve.
Women are largely doing this out of necessity. In every continent except Africa, women are more likely to have a college degree than the men around them. This means that in their late 20s and 30s, when most people get married, women's earning prospects are brighter. So they have no choice but to marry someone who in a Jane Austen novel would have been declared an unsuitable match. About 40 percent of wives in the United States now out-earn their husbands, and researcher Liza Mundy predicts they will be the majority in a generation. It's already happening with education: According to Esteve, the majority of women in France, Hungary, Israel, Portugal, Brazil, Belarus, Mongolia, and Colombia—to name a few—now marry men with less schooling than they have.
Because the phenomenon is so new, the emotional landscapes of such families are somewhat of a mystery. So when I was researching my new book, The End of Men: And the Rise of Women, I decided to find out more about them. In 2011, I asked Slate readers who are in a couple where the woman earns more to answer a survey about their relationship. About 7,500 obliged, and a few hundred wrote me emails. I then followed up with interviews. A couple of things about the participants: Slate readers are much more educated than the general population, and the majority of people who answered the survey were women. Still, the responses start to get to the bottom of some of the more sensitive questions: Does earning more money mean the woman has more power in the relationship? Does the fact that women earn more mean the men are more likely to take care of the children, or do the housework? Do the women feel proud? Resentful? And what about the men? Do they feel liberated? Humiliated?
In fact, nearly 80 percent of people in my breadwinner-wives survey described themselves as happy in their marriages, and rated themselves as having a fairly low chance of divorcing.
About one-third said the men were self-conscious about making less money (but, again, many of these were women reporting on how they believe their husbands feel), and slightly fewer felt judged by the community. Nearly 90 percent said in the future, it will be more acceptable for women to be the main providers. A surprisingly small number of respondents said the woman has more power because they make more money; about two-thirds reported that they share power equally.
One recurring storyline I uncovered in my follow-up interviews was Lady Chatterley's Lover, only with a Hollywood ending. Lori, an attorney who makes half a million dollars a year, was tired of dating men who considered their professional competition, and whose “entire mood depended on whether they'd inched one step closer that day to being CEO.” So they married a train conductor they met on the dating site Match.com. “I wanted a man who didn't talk about their work all day, who would rather go for a bike ride on the beach,” they told me. “My husband knows who they are. He's just comfortable in their own skin.”
Still, it was clear from my dozens of interviews that there are tensions under the surface. A power arrangement that's prevailed for most history does not fade without a ripple. In many cases I heard the same old marriage anxieties, only they showed up in the reverse gender. Andy, a stay-at-home dad in San Jose, Calif., had to cancel several appointments with me because they couldn't get their twins to sleep. Before they stayed home with their kids, they were a carpenter. Their wife is a physician, and because they make so much more money it made sense for them to take the parenting lead. Andy likes watching the toddlers, but they are wistful about their old life, and somewhat defensive about their new one.
The feelings flood over them when they pass construction crews while taking the twins on a walk: What would it be like to work with a group of guys up on a roof again? What adventures is their wife having while he's wiping off bibs? When their wife and their doctor friends rib them about staying home, they over-aggressively pulls the manual labor card: “How about I come over and help you put that Ikea furniture together, Mr. Doctor?” It's the old Betty Friedan identity crisis, only in masculine form. These days when their wife suggests that they should go back to work, Andy feels “terrified.” It's been a long time, and he's lost the stomach for the outside world.
On the other side of that equation are women who are resentful about carrying the whole economic load, much the way husbands once were. They exhibit the same range of provider symptoms: pressure, fear of the gold digger, frustration at being trapped in the day-to-day with no outlet for creativity. Michelle, an attorney in Los Alamos, complained to me about being “hunted like a deer by men as a desirable wife because of my wage-earning capability and good job.” Beverly, an African- American executive in Washington, D.C., fed up with their couch-potato husband, warned that “women should be very careful about marrying freeloading, bloodsucking parasites.” Julie, an attorney and reluctant family breadwinner, said, “I'm a little envious of the old days, where women weren't expected to go out and make a living on par with men. I just feel it's unfair that women are in a position where there is a ton of pressure to do both things.”
Mostly, though, I discovered that the roles do not fully reverse. I did not talk to a single breadwinner wife who has entirely ceded the domestic space. This is true even if the woman is working two jobs. It's true even if the woman makes considerably more money than the man, and it's true even if they have a stay-at-home husband. In over three-quarters of the couples in my survey, either the woman did more child care and housework, or they shared equally: “I HATE HATE HATE the annual ‘what should a stay-at-home mom make??' tripe that comes out around Mother's Day,” said Dawn, a software engineer and mother of three who has been the primary breadwinner “forever.” “I have to do the same house/child-care work, AND if I lose my job, my whole family is fucked.”
Over the last 30 years, women have started to work considerably more hours than they once did, without easing off on child care. In fact, the opposite has happened. In 1965 women reported doing an average of 9.3 hours of paid work a week and 10.2 hours of child care. Now women not only do an average of 23.2 hours of paid work a week, but they do more child care—13.9 hours, according to the latest American Time Use survey. The hours in a woman's week have not expanded, and mostly women have made up for it by shaving off time in other areas—housework, personal grooming, and, tragically, free time, which women have begun to claim less of in the last decade. (And, no, men haven't decreased their leisure time lately.) But mostly what the time-use surveys confirm—for the United States and many other Western countries—is a vision of every woman as a slowly expanding colonial empire, failing to cede old territories as they conquer new ones—either because they don't want to or has just fallen into the habit of doing too much. Or more likely, because men don't yet pick up enough of the domestic slack.
Men, meanwhile, are moving into new areas much more slowly than women. Over the same period of time, men have decreased their average work hours per week from 46.4 to 42.6. And their childcare hours have upped from 2.5 to only a modest 7. Despite decades of self-help literature imploring men to explore their nurturing sides, the stay-at-home dad remains a rare phenomenon. Only 2.7 percent of Americans in the latest census count themselves as full-time stay-at-home dads, although that does not include single fathers or part-time dads.
In fact, one picks up an overwhelming note of reluctance, resistance, and in some cases revolt against the new breadwinner wife regime. In more traditional or more macho cultures, the concept of the alpha wife is especially hard to swallow. In South Korea and Japan, men from rural towns, and more recently even cities, are importing brides from poorer Asian countries with more traditional notions of marriage. In Spain, 20 percent of all marriages are now between a Spanish and a foreign partner, up from 4.7 percent in 1996. High-achieving women in Spain marry progressive men from Belgium or Switzerland, while Spanish men seek out wives from Ecuador or Colombia. “When a man here marries a woman from Colombia they are marrying the kind of woman they would have married 50 years ago in Spain,” says Esteve. “I suppose the women are marrying the kind of man they will find 50 years from now in Spain. The Spanish men,” they add, “are looking for a woman from the past, while the women are looking for men of the future.”
The problem with this strategy is that the Colombian women don't stand still, either. The men are only delaying the day of reckoning. Soon there won't be “that kind of woman” to marry anymore.
That, in theory, should have been it for Senator Singh's political career. Lisa Singh during Senate Estimates. Credit:Andrew Meares But a quirk of maths thrown up by this election, and an insurgent campaign led by disillusioned Labor supporters, has created a highly unusual situation. Election experts say they could be returned to Canberra despite factional powerbrokers trying to push them out. In 2010, Senator Singh received 9132 first preferences below the line – 2.76 per cent of the vote. It was the third-highest personal vote in the state. In this double dissolution poll, as Tasmania's small population elects 12 Senators, about 26,000 votes should be enough for a quota.
Analysts say even a small bump in Senator Singh's personal vote of 2000 or 3000 could be enough to push them ahead of other Labor candidates if – and it is a significant if – other votes and preferences fall the right way. The ABC's Antony Green says: "If they get 3 or 4 per cent of the vote and that puts them ahead of candidates above her, they could cause quite an upset." Tasmanian polling analyst Kevin Bonham agrees. "I'd say it is possible, and if it is going to happen Tasmania is the place where it is going to happen." If a well-connected band of people calling itself the Re-Elect Lisa Group is right, it won't matter where other votes fall. Convened by crown prosecutor and former ALP Hobart branch secretary Tony Jacobs, and backed by ex-parliamentarians including Hawke government minister Margaret Reynolds, it is placing newspaper ads and letter-boxing pamphlets calling for a vote for Senator Singh below the line.
Mr Jacobs – who stresses they have deliberately never met the Senator "so they can't be blamed for anything I do or say" – says there is unhappiness about pre-selection in Tasmania that extends across the political aisle. "I've been amazed at the response. I would give Lisa a 90 per cent chance of being re-elected," they say. "She has obviously done a very good and energetic job, and has been displaced to the bottom of ticket by a bunch of union non-entities." A similar campaign has coalesced behind Liberal senator Richard Colbeck, the only Tasmanian member of the Turnbull ministry, who was relegated to fifth on their party's ticket – a winnable, but not guaranteed, position – after being outmanoeuvred by the conservative wing of the party led by Eric Abetz. Mr Jacobs says: "I know a lot of people who are going to vote 1 Singh and 2 Colbeck. I'm sure a lot of other people will go 1 Colbeck and 2 Singh."
Senator Singh's profile comes, in part, from having pressed their party over its position on asylum seekers and global warming. They have called for refugees on Manus Island to be processed and settled in Australia and – as the opposition parliamentary secretary for the environment, climate change and water – an end to fossil fuels subsidies for the mining industry. They say they are campaigning hard on Labor issues to get as many senators elected as possible "whatever order that comes out in". The 44-year-old came in a winnable third position in a vote of rank-and-file members for the Senate ticket last year, but was demoted to fourth behind union official John Short after a faction-controlled weighting was added. They were pushed to sixth for the double dissolution when the party's state executive slotted in two sitting senators, Carol Brown and Catryna Bilyk, above her, without reference to the party membership. Despite their supporters' optimism, Senator Singh says it will be difficult for them to get back. Most Tasmanians are still likely to vote above the line despite changes that make it easier to vote below it. But they say, whatever the result, it should spark a discussion about reform within their party. "You could say I've been naive, but if you are in the shadow ministry, you're a former [state] minister, you're in your first term, you're the youngest senator in the entire state, the only person of south-Asian heritage in the entire Australian Parliament, you're female and you're effective in your role – was it naive not to think a party would reflect on those things and think we don't want to lose one of our strongest team members?
Matchbox and Hot Wheels reveal upcoming Tesla Model S
Right before Tesla Motors announced they're first quarter financial results, they launched a new Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) program that offers those interested in purchasing a Tesla Model S some compelling discounted pricing. If you're interested in a detailed breakdown, we also found this handy guide to help you navigate Tesla's CPO offerings. But... what if you want a Tesla Model S at a really deep discount?
Well, we've found some (rather small) options for you. It turns out that Matchbox and Hot Wheels die-cast miniature toy car brands both are launching their own unique interpretations of the Tesla Model S design. We knew something was brewing when we discovered a revealing image on Instagram most recently. So, we decided to dig a bit deeper. And, it turns out that, yes -- both brands will have competing versions of the same car... a miniature Tesla Model S. So, let's take a look.
In the tight-knit community that feverishly collects these, there remains a fierce rivalry between Matchbox and Hot Wheels. Most collectors sit firmly in one camp or the other. That said, we wondered: how do these two designs stack up? Well, according to photos/commentary from the Lamley Group*, the images above represent "Matchbox at its best. Well-proportioned, highly detailed, and stock." We agree, it's a fine scale model replica of the overall design of a Tesla Model S configured in multi-coat red with a panoramic roof. Some of the chrome details (including the door handles) look like they're "wrapped" in red and the wheel design is definitely different than the factory options. In fact, the wheels look far more like a concave version of the popular TS112 wheels than the factory 21" Turbine wheel design, but, other than that -- it looks like a conservative, yet finely-crafted "take" on the Tesla Model S.
In contrast, Hot Wheels, living up to its name, has taken a completely different (and more daring) design approach (see below). The Lamley Group describes it with, "flared wheel wells, a huge spoiler in the back, an aggressive stance, and some sporty PR5 wheels. No, it isn't the stock Matchbox, but it shouldn't be." In our opinion, we're happy to see the sporty red Wheel Bands look popular amongst Model S owners. The panoramic roof looks fairly accurate but the aggressive, bigger spoiler is more similar to the recent Tesla Model S Saleen redesign. But, we're not exactly sure what to think about that silver sparkle paint...
In any event, I want both for my collection. The DIY sculpture (more of an artistic tribute to the Model S) is already out. And, I also already have the Tesla Roadster from Hot Wheels -- which has skyrocketed in value -- some Tesla Roadster offerings from Hot Wheels are fetching over $200. The final Hot Wheels Tesla Roadster design does indeed look quite sharp, check out the video below.
While we wait for the new products to launch, we'll just have to settle for the Tesla Roadster Hot Wheels, available in some different colors/designs across the web, or, just stare at our (very cool) Tesla Model S keyfob.
It's too bad we couldn't just retrofit some turbine wheels on it!
=====
*Source: The Lamley Group
Next →
← Previous
Trump Isn't As Tough On Immigration As They Think They Are
Joshua Kraus Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 19, 2015
Donald Trump wants us to believe he's tough on immigration, but their enforcement strategies, as outlined in a recent position paper on their website, don't reflect the boot-in-your-ass bravado they try so hard to affect.
Trump's laundry list of bush-league immigration reform tactics includes building a wall financed by Mexico, eliminating tax credit payments to illegal immigrants, and ending birthright citizenship for children of illegal immigrants.
I'm sorry Mr. Trump, but that's your plan? That's how you're going to prevent rapists and murders from invading our peaceful shire?
Sure, building walls, hiring more ICE officers, and expanding E-Verify might shave off a little immigration percentage points, but a man of Trump's caliber must know there are far more effective ways to combat the problem. If part of “making America great again” means closing it off to outsiders, why are they proposing such puny measures?
An immigration hard-liner who advocates punishing the children of illegal immigrants should have no problem with the following strategies.
Increase The U.S. Murder Rate
According to a study by the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, 58 percent of the unaccompanied children attempting to enter the U.S. from Central America are motivated by safety concerns, fearing conditions back home.
Guatemala and El Salvador, the two largest sources of illegal immigrants behind Mexico, have a murder rate more than 800 percent higher than that of the United States, and Honduras, the fourth largest source, has a murder rate close to 1,900 percent higher.
If a Trump administration wanted to discourage immigration at a high level, why not make the safety conditions in our country as terrifying as those many illegals are fleeing from? Reduce the police force, eliminate what little gun control is already in place, and continue to cut funding in public schools. Make immigrating here akin to walking out of the frying pan and into the fire.
After all, we live in The Greatest Country In The World, so it's no surprise that many people from developing nations come here seeking asylum. But if we turned the U.S. into Just Another Gang-Ravaged, Systematically Corrupt War Zone, 58 percent of those unaccompanied children might think twice before coming here.
Cause Another Recession
The number of illegal immigrants in the U.S. peaked in 2007 at 12.2 million, the same year the financial crisis began. Over the next few years those numbers fell, and by 2010 the population of undocumented migrants was down to 11.3 million. Since 2010, those numbers have started to level off.
A report by the Pew Research Center concluded that the decline in immigration was due from a weak economy.
But Trump is surely aware of the relationship between economic growth and immigration. So why hasn't they done something about it?
Encourage irresponsible mortgage lending, tell the Fed to lower short-term interest rates, convince investors those rates are stable so they'll buy longer-dated, higher-yielding securities.
If three years of economic recession reduced the rate of illegal immigration by nearly ten percent, think of what six years of economic recession could accomplish. Or ten years. Or twenty. Hell, after thirty years there won't be a single unauthorized immigrant left.
And yes, tanking the country's economy will no doubt cost thousands of jobs, but at least there won't be any illegals around to take the jobs that survive.
Start Funding Smugglers
As we've established, many immigrants are driven my economic incentives. People will come to the U.S., work for higher wages, and send that money back to their families. Then they return home.
However, return migration to Mexico has been declining for decades. In the 1960s, approximately 60 percent of Mexican immigrants returned home within a year. Today, that number is less than 10 percent.
According to Wayne A. Cornelious of The LA Times, “The long-term fiscal impact of this explosion of permanent settlers — larger outlays for education, healthcare, and other services — is conveniently overlooked by politicians who clamor for tighter security.”
One reason for the decline in return migration is the rising cost of migrant smuggling. As demand for “coyotes” increases, so do their fees, which now range from $3,000 to $6,000 per trip. Such high price tags discourage unauthorized immigrants from returning to Mexico, even for a short visit, as the trip back may prove too expensive.
The obvious solution, then, is to fund these smugglers (in secret, of course, lest we send any mixed signals). This will encourage them to lower their fees, making it more affordable for undocumented migrants to return home.
(File)
Muhammad al-Halabi, the head of the group's office in Gaza, Muhammad al-Halabi, the head of the group's office in Gaza, was detained by Israeli forces in June and was charged by Israel with financing Hamas with funds from the organization on Aug. 4.
Immediately following the accusations against al-Halabi -- of which Immediately following the accusations against al-Halabi -- of which World Vision investigated in August and found no evidence -- Australia, which according to AFP had given millions of dollars to the Christian NGO over the years, immediately suspended its funding for World Vision's Gaza programs and opened an investigation headed by the government's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT). AFP cited a statement on Tuesday from the DFAT, saying that “the review uncovered nothing to suggest any diversion of government funds,” adding that the Australian government's funding to World Vision programs in Gaza would remain frozen pending the result of al-Halabi's trial." AFP cited a statement on Tuesday from the DFAT, saying that “the review uncovered nothing to suggest any diversion of government funds,” adding that the Australian government's funding to World Vision programs in Gaza would remain frozen pending the result of al-Halabi's trial."
Halabi's court case is ongoing, but their lawyers have accused the prosecution of refusing to hand over much of the evidence. Halabi's court case is ongoing, but their lawyers have accused the prosecution of refusing to hand over much of the evidence. World Vision itself is also conducting an independent review of its operations to determine whether any graft occurred. World Vision itself is also conducting an independent review of its operations to determine whether any graft occurred. The DFAT said funding to World Vision's programs would remain frozen pending the result of the probe and Halabi's trial, which Israel postponed to October 2017. The DFAT said funding to World Vision's programs would remain frozen pending the result of the probe and Halabi's trial, which Israel postponed to October 2017. AFP quoted Tim Costello, chief advocate for World Vision Australia, as saying they were “very pleased and very relieved” with the findings of the DFAT investigation. AFP quoted Tim Costello, chief advocate for World Vision Australia, as saying they were “very pleased and very relieved” with the findings of the DFAT investigation. The DFAT report came as new allegations from the Israeli army surfaced, accusing Muhammad Murtaja, the director of the Gaza office of the Turkish Cooperation and Coordination Agency (TIKA), of The DFAT report came as new allegations from the Israeli army surfaced, accusing Muhammad Murtaja, the director of the Gaza office of the Turkish Cooperation and Coordination Agency (TIKA), of diverting funds intended for TIKA to the military wing of Hamas
Murtaja was detained by Israeli forces at the Erez crossing between Israel and the Gaza Strip on Feb. 13 on suspicions that they were working for Hamas, which Israel considers a "terrorist organization." According to the Israeli army, Murtaja “falsified lists of needy Gazans, transferred aid packages, and diverted millions of shekels to the terror group.”
In Tuesday's report on the case against Murtaja, the Israeli army cited the case against al-Halabi and reiterated Israeli claims that they funneled “tens of millions of dollars” to Hamas' military wing, saying Murtaja's case was “far from the first time that H amas has recruited and exploited the positions of humanitarian workers in order to divert aid intended for Gaza's civilians to terror.” In Tuesday's report on the case against Murtaja, the Israeli army cited the case against al-Halabi and reiterated Israeli claims that they funneled “tens of millions of dollars” to Hamas' military wing, saying Murtaja's case was “far from the first time that H
In response to a request for comment on DFAT's findings, the Israeli army told Ma'an they would look into reports.
In the midst of the World Vision and TIKA cases, other NGOs have also been in Israel's crosshairs, with a Palestinian employee of Save the Children also reportedly accused of being a Hamas member, and a In the midst of the World Vision and TIKA cases, other NGOs have also been in Israel's crosshairs, with a Palestinian employee of Save the Children also reportedly accused of being a Hamas member, and a Palestinian engineer employed by the UNDP indicted on charges of “using their position to assist the Hamas terrorist organization” nearly a week after al-Halabi was detained.
The recent spate of detentions of aid workers over their alleged involvement with Hamas comes amid an already dire situation in the besieged Gaza Strip. The recent spate of detentions of aid workers over their alleged involvement with Hamas comes amid an already dire situation in the besieged Gaza Strip.
The Gaza Strip has suffered under an Israeli military blockade since 2007, when Hamas was elected to rule the territory. Residents of Gaza suffer from high unemployment and poverty rates, as well as the consequences of three devastating wars with Israel since 2008, most recently in the summer of 2014. The Gaza Strip has suffered under an Israeli military blockade since 2007, when Hamas was elected to rule the territory. Residents of Gaza suffer from high unemployment and poverty rates, as well as the consequences of three devastating wars with Israel since 2008, most recently in the summer of 2014.
The 51-day Israeli offensive, termed “Operation Protective Edge” by Israeli authorities, resulted in the killings of at least 1,462 Palestinian civilians, a third of whom were children, according to the UN. The 51-day Israeli offensive, termed “Operation Protective Edge” by Israeli authorities, resulted in the killings of at least 1,462 Palestinian civilians, a third of whom were children, according to the UN.
The UN has said that the besieged Palestinian territory could become "uninhabitable" by 2020, as its nearly two million residents remain in dire poverty due to the nearly decade-long Israeli blockade that has crippled the economy, while continuing to experience the widespread destruction wrought by the Israeli offenses, and the slow-paced reconstruction efforts aimed at rebuilding homes for The UN has said that the besieged Palestinian territory could become "uninhabitable" by 2020, as its nearly two million residents remain in dire poverty due to the nearly decade-long Israeli blockade that has crippled the economy, while continuing to experience the widespread destruction wrought by the Israeli offenses, and the slow-paced reconstruction efforts aimed at rebuilding homes for some 75,000 of Palestinians who remain displaced following the last Israeli assault.
Recovery efforts have also been hindered by a severe shortage of foreign funding. Recovery efforts have also been hindered by a severe shortage of foreign funding.
Early last year, the UN agency for Palestinian refugees (UNRWA), which has played a leading role in rebuilding destroyed homes in the beleaguered coastal enclave, said that of the $720 million required for its emergency shelter program, donor countries had pledged only $247 million. Early last year, the UN agency for Palestinian refugees (UNRWA), which has played a leading role in rebuilding destroyed homes in the beleaguered coastal enclave, said that of the $720 million required for its emergency shelter program, donor countries had pledged only $247 million.
BETHLEHEM (Ma'an) -- An Australian government probe has found no evidence that taxpayer money was misused by NGO World Vision in the Gaza Strip, despite ongoing allegations by the Israeli government that millions of dollars were diverted from the organization to the Hamas movement, the de facto ruling party of the besieged coastal enclave.
SPECIALIST domestic violence courts and a new crime of strangulation should be introduced, says a landmark report into the issue.
They are among 140 recommendations to tackle what Special Taskforce into Domestic and Family Violence chairperson Dame Quentin Bryce labelled” this confronting and dreadful scourge in our society”.
The report, handed to Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk today, also calls for major improvements in the response of police and courts to protect victims.
“Alarmingly, women frequently told us the workings of the law and justice system only served to further traumatise them,” Ms Bryce said.
“Magistrates, police and lawyers need to do better.”
PAPERWORK: Queensland domestic violence support service says police don't take cases seriously
But they do advocate a new offence of non-lethal strangulation. “ strangulation is often a pre-cursor of domestic homicide,” Ms Bryce said.
And the report, “Not Now, Not Ever”, says the fact offences took place in a domestic setting should be considered by the courts as an aggravating factor, leading to tougher sentences.
“Perpetrators mist be held to account. This is a major theme of our report.” Ms Bryce said.
It recommends boosting perpetrator intervention programs and amending the law to force courts to consider excluding the offender from the home when making a Domestic Violence Order.
The 480-page document says there is a direct link between community attitudes and the prevalence of domestic violence. In 2013-14, 66,016 cases were reported to police.
The taskforce wants a statewide prevention strategy, overseen by an independent body. It recommends the introduction of programs in all schools to enable secondary students to recognise domestic and family violence and intervene safely and protect victims and workplace training.
“Each of us must ask ourselves: What can I do?,” Ms Bryce said.
“Collectively, we must stand and we must say:” No more, no more, not now not ever.”
The government will now consult with departments and agencies on the recommendations before formulating a Cabinet response over the next few months.
But Ms Palaszczuk said the concept of a special court had merit
“Domestic violence should not be tolerated in any form,” they said.
The taskforce was set up by the previous Newman Government and the premier said they were confident of bipartisan support in dealing with issue.
Posted on May 10, 2012
Black Pastor: Obama Better Get To Black Churches Soon To Prevent Voter Apathy
Pastor of Baltimore Maryland's Empowerment Temple, Jamal Bryant spoke with Roland Martin, correspondent on the Tom Joyner Morning Show, today about President Obama's announcing their support of gay marriage.
"I absolutely, vehemently disagree with the president," Bryant told Martin. "I agree with their presidency, but with this policy, I do not agree. Marriage is the original institution of the church.
When asked if they will vote for the president again, Bryant said, “I think, given the option I've got, which is Mitt Romney, I've got no choice."
"And I think African American voters are mature enough to say this is not going to be the one issue of where I'm going to walk away from," Bryant said.
Later in the interview Pastor Bryant gave a shocking prediction and warned President Obama they must get in "some black churches real soon clapping their hands [and] singing Amazing Grace."
"Black people are not going to switch over to the Republican party or put Romney signs on their front lawn. The critical concern is whether they will vote with apathy and not show up at the polls," Bryant said.
"The reality is, President Obama better be in some black churches real soon clapping their hands, singing Amazing Grace and waving that right hand because the black vote is going to be very critical and apathy may win this election if we don't get on the ground," Pastor Bryant warned.
