I present the latest in my irregular series “Rejected by McSweeney's.” A work of fiction.
Totally Plausible Ways I Could Talk To The Girl Who Lives In My Building
1.  They are coming in from walking their dog, the leash in one hand and a bag of groceries in the other. I hold the door open for them They say “thanks.” A conversation starts, perhaps about the dog, perhaps about the groceries (“just out buying dog food?”, etc).
2. The water is off in the building while some sort of repair is being done. While in the courtyard tending to my herb garden, through their apartment's open window I hear them mutter to themselves that they are thirsty. I stand up so that they notice me through the window, then jokingly hold up my watering can and indicate that I have water left in there, if they really wants some. I indicate that this is a joke, but add that I have bottles of water in my apartment.
3. I am checking my car's oil in the parking garage. They see me under the hood and, figuring me for the mechanical type, asks a question about a “kind of intermittent rattle or squeak” emanating from near the front left wheel of their 1997 Honda Prelude. I have noticed this squeak before, so I have previously consulted Wikipedia and several auto forums, and can confidently recommend that they get their control arm bushings checked out, or it could be a wheel bearing.
4. I see them at the farmers' market. They make eye contact without recognizing who I am, so I freeze and say nothing. They buy some rhubarb and chard, and I buy the same without knowing what either tastes like or what I would use it for. I casually mention to the seller how convenient the market is, considering that I live just down the street in the white building. At this, the girl turns and recognizes me. I pretend to recognize them for the first time as well, and we both laugh.
5. Across the street, a car catches fire. Neighbors gather on the sidewalk to watch the fire trucks arrive. They come out onto their patio, asks what happened, and I explain. I then ask if they would like to review video of the fire that I captured on my phone, and walk over to their patio. Once there, I comment on their barbecue grill. I mention that I have an extra propane tank that I will never get around to using, and ask if they want it. From here we discuss the merits of propane vs. charcoal grilling. They don't seem too interested, but I have read about it on Wikipedia beforehand so I have lots of factoids that keep the conversation moving.
6. A drive-by shooting occurs in our neighborhood. I see them walking down the sidewalk with their dog, see the gangbangers' car approaching with its headlights off, see their intended target, do mental geometry, and realize that they are likely to be struck by stray shots. I vault over my patio railing and knock them to the ground, just as bullets rip through the air where they just are. They drop the dog's leash, but I quickly snag it with my free hand to prevent the dog from running into traffic.  They are scared and thankful, but I am simply grateful that they are all right. The gangbangers speed off, so unnerved by my sudden action that they also missed their intended target.
7. The national economy collapses, and riots break out nationwide. I have stockpiled weapons and provisions in my apartment. I invite them to stay with me until it all calms down. Faced with the prospect of otherwise having to eat their dog, they move in and I teach them how to shoot a Sig Sauer P226.
8. They become President of the United States. Reporters eager to dig up dirt on their past knock on my door. I lie to get onto television, but once the cameras roll I say only nice things. Impressed with my bold stand, they appoint me their Chief of Staff, and from then on we speak practically daily.
9. I get into a revert war with another Wikipedian regarding the prose style of the article on Railway Stations of New Jersey. During heated discussion on the talk page, the other editor uses the term “cockadilly nonsense,” which I have only ever heard before with my ear pressed against my apartment wall, attempting to overhear their telephone conversations. I immediately rush outside, knock on their door, and when they answer, dressed like me in animal-spangled pajama pants, I whisper “This is a stupid thing to fight about.” After we make love, they concede that I was correct that the article suffered from a critical lack of encyclopedic tone.
This entry was posted on Monday, May 28th, 2012 at 11:55 pm and is filed under Blog. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Unknown Ocean Series By Katyushka
Got to love our friends at Art Toy Gama, bringing art to the masses just like us. For a few years now Art Toy Gama and The Toy Chronicle have been working together with similar objectives and have brought us various artists from around the world. This week they are helping Poland's Katyushka take pre-order the amazing and fun art sculptures.
GOLDFISH
DORY
BABETTA
BORED SEAHORSES
Kryspin The Fish
Is your mouth still wide open like ours looking at Katyushka Art? WE LOVE THEM ALL. Most of these are OOAK but Art Toy Gamma have secured some pre-orders which you can check along with more details on each creature at http://arttoygama.storenvy.com/
You can also email ATG [email protected] tell them The Toy Chronicle sent you if you're looking to own a couple of pieces.
BIOGRAPHY: Katyushka Art Dolls is created by the marriage of Katarzyna and Jacek Anyszkiewicz. It all starts in Kasia's head – they draw, sculpts and paints. Jacek deals with mould making, castings and visual side (photography, short clips etc.). We create everything from scratch – 100% made by hands, using the highest quality materials, with an attention to the smallest detail.
Find Katyushka at http://www.katyushka-dolls.com/ Facebook, Twitter and Deviantart.
You can also find and support Art Toy Gamma on Facebook.
Europe's top human rights body debates new Hungarian laws 2 SHARES Share it! Share Tweet
By Associated Press
The Council of Europe, the continent's top human rights organization, is debating new Hungarian laws which critics say seek to limit academic rights and intimidate civic groups.
Recent amendments to the law on higher education could force Central European University, founded by billionaire George Soros, to close or leave Budapest.
Also, draft legislation being considered in Hungary would force civic groups to declare foreign funding exceeding $25,000 a year or face fines or closure.
Mogens Jensen, a Danish lawmaker who prepared the report on Hungary being debated Thursday in Strasbourg, France, says Hungary should suspend applying the university law and wait to approve the law on civic groups until experts from the council's advisory Venice Commission has a chance to assess the legislation's compatibility with the council's standards.
Tags: Europe, Europe's top human rights body debates new Hungarian laws, George Soros, human rights organization, Hungarian laws, Manila Bulletin
Prime Minister Narendra Modi called out to India's "old friend" Russia in a joint address at the sidelines of the BRICS Summit before holding wide-ranging talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin , which covered the entire expanse of bilateral engagement. The engagement witnessed 16 agreements being signed between the two countries.Here are the key agreements the two nations signed:1) Deal for S-400 Triumf air defence systems from Russia worth over $5 billion. The long-range air defence missile system has the capability to destroy incoming hostile aircraft, missiles and even drones at ranges of up to 400 km. India and Russia have been in talks for over a year for the purchase of at least five systems of S-400 that will be a game changer in the region.2) A $500 million push into the Indian infrastructure space, along with an equal investment by the newly formed National Infrastructure Investment Fund ( NIIF ), to form a $1 billion 'Russian Indian Investment Fund'.Announcements were also made to boost ties in sectors like trade and investment, hydrocarbons, space and smart cities. Modi said this will help advance infrastructure partnership.3) A joint venture to build Russian Kamov helicopters in India. The plan is to build at least 200 helicopters the defence forces need, and is part of Modi's drive to build a defence industrial base in India.4) Joint agreement on shipbuilding and specialist training in Andhra Pradesh.5) The two leaders also dedicated the unit two of Kudankulum nuclear power plant and witnessed foundation laying of its Unit 3 and 4. Modi said the dedication of Kudankulum 2 and laying of foundation concrete were examples of tangible results of India-Russia cooperation in the field.6) Zero tolerance policy towards terrorism and setting up of a Science and Technology Commission.Another important deal was for four Admiral Grigorovich-class (Project 11356) guided-missile stealth frigates.Today's other important agreements included:► A memorandum of understanding developing transport logistics system► An agreement on education and training► An MoU on urban development and smart city projects► A pact on cooperation between Indian and Russian railways► Announcement in relation to successful execution of documents between Rosneft and Essar for oil► Space cooperation between Russian space Corporation and ISROReading out a statement to the media in the presence of Putin, the Prime Minister appreciated Russia's understanding and support of India's actions to fight cross-border terrorism, an oblique reference to India's surgical strike across the LoC targeting terror launch pads."Russia's clear stand on the need to combat terrorism mirrors our own. We deeply appreciate Russia's understanding and support of our actions to fight cross-border terrorism, that threatens our entire region," Modi said.The Russian President, on their part, said that both India and Russia have close cooperation in fighting terrorism. Modi said both they and Putin noted the similarity of views on the situation in Afghanistan and turmoil in West Asia.On trade ties, PM Modi said both countries continue to expand, diversify and deepen economic engagement."Businesses and industry between our two countries are connected more deeply today. Trade and investment ties are on the upswing.""And, with President Putin's backing, we hope to fast track India's association with Eurasian Economic Union Free Trade Agreement," they said.Modi said success of the India-Russia bilateral summit "shines a spotlight on the abiding strength of India-Russia strategic partnership." "It also highlights our strong convergence of views and positions on pressing international and regional issues," they added."We also agreed to work closely to respond to the challenges posed by the unsettled nature of the global economic and financial markets. Our close collaboration at the United Nations, BRICS, East Asia Summit, G-20 and Shanghai Cooperation Organization makes our partnership truly global, both in its scope and coverage," Modi said.(With inputs from PTI)
Flag of the HPG, PKK's armed-wing.
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region — The armed wing of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) is claiming the attackers who sabotaged a pipeline carrying Iraqi Kurdistan region oil to Turkey did not act under direct orders.
On July 29 the PKK's armed wing (HPG) announced it had carried out a sabotage operation against the crude oil pipeline in the Sirnak-Cizre area near the Iraqi-Turkish border.
The HPG's attack generated waves of negative responses and condemnation from Kurds worldwide and the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in Iraq, which yesterday described the action as “an attempt to discredit Kurdish people in the Kurdistan Region.”
“The Baghdad budget impasse and ongoing fight against ISIS has impoverished the Kurdish people and KRG in Kurdistan. This oil pipeline is the only source of the livelihood of people in the Kurdistan region and more than 1.8 million refugees and IDPs in the region,” the KRG added.
However, Sunday the HPG issued a different statement denying having issued direct orders for the sabotage, and described the KRG statement as a “provocation.”
“The forces of the HPG do not have bad intentions towards the interests of South Kurdistan (the Kurdistan region) and you have to understand our sensitivity and responsibility in this regard. The statements of the leaders of South Kurdistan are not true and a provocation,” said the HPG statement.
“The units that carried out the sabotage did not know to whom the pipe belonged, therefore distortion of facts and misrepresentation for whatever reason does not help anyone,” continued the HPG statement.
Three years ago, we said hello to Flow, calling it “…probably the most beautiful task management app yet.” And six months back, MetaLab gave Flow a massive overhaul.
In a nutshell, Flow helps teams (and individuals) get things done. Which is all very well and good in itself, but when your service still lacks a native Android incarnation in 2014, it can lead to concerns from (potential?) users. “We've had hundreds and hundreds of requests to make an Android version from our users,” says MetaLab's Greg Voakes. And today, Flow for Android has finally arrived.
As with the iOS incarnation, Flow for Android lets you create, view, delegate and delete tasks, organize items in projects and folders, schedule important tasks, and comment on/discuss things with your fellow collaborators.
The native Android app essentially reels in all that was available in the mobile Web app, except you get push notifications now.
Though you can try Flow for free, you will pay anything from $19/month to $249/month (billed annually) to make full use of the platform within a team. Exactly how much you pay, of course, depends on how big the team is and how much storage you need.
At any rate, Flow is finally available for Android in native form, and you can download it now from Google Play.
➤ Flow | Google Play
Read next: Titanfall developer Respawn Entertainment is 'talking to Aspyr' about a Mac version
Passive Fiscal Policy
Most tax revenue is generated as the result of taxing economic activity; income taxes and sales taxes rise along with nominal incomes. There are some taxes proportional to real activity (fixed gasoline taxes, and tolls). In North America, the only taxes of note that are not driven by activity are property taxes, which are collected by non-central governments. This leads to local governments actually acting a pro-cyclical fashion, but this is overridden by the other components of passive fiscal policy. Government programme spending - things like defence, pay for bureaucrats - are essentially fixed in nominal terms for short periods of time. Social welfare spending tends to rise as activity falls (unemployment insurance, etc.).
Taken together, this means that budget balances are counter-cyclical, and that governments have no control over their budget balance. The latter point will come as a surprise to those who believe media discussion of the topic, possibly including bureaucrats who work in finance ministries. Finance ministries churn out detailed spending plans, and the media discusses the dollar amounts involved as if they actually mean something. Commentators commend governments for their brave stances to reduce the deficit (which they invariably announce that they will do).
The reality is that those budget numbers are entirely hypothetical. Although programme spending numbers may actually match reality, revenue and social welfare spending are entirely dependent upon the cycle. In most years, it is safe to project a small steady growth, so the forecasts can be roughly correct. In fact, governments typically have smaller deficits than forecast, as politicians, just like corporate managers, have perfected the art of " big bath accounting ".
A Recession In A Simple SFC Model
Limitations Of The Debt Ceiling Model
Detroit Lions wide receiver Nate Burleson scoffed when they heard that Dez Bryant said they believed they could do whatever Calvin Johnson can.
Burleson has played alongside Randy Moss. He's played with Johnson. And they don't believe the Dallas Cowboys wideout is there yet.
"Listen, I like Dez," Burleson said Tuesday. "I think he's one of the best receivers in the game right now. Very talented, fast, big, strong -- they possess all the tools to possibly be as good as Calvin.
"But he's not Calvin Johnson. No way, no how. Sorry, Dez. Keep it real."
The conversation started because of a radio interview Bryant gave Monday on 103.3 FM ESPN in Dallas.
Bryant expressed a lot of reverence for Johnson. But when asked what the Detroit Pro Bowler does that they can't, Bryant answered with pride in himself.
"I believe I can do whatever they can do," Bryant told the station. "I think it's just a pride thing. When it comes to football, just being on the field, it's a mindset and having a mentality. I honestly believe when I'm there, I'll be feeling like there's nothing I can't do. Whatever the coaches ask me to do, I'm going to do it."
Bryant took to Twitter on Tuesday in response to how others have perceived their self-confidence.
I see I have to be extra careful about what I say — Dez Bryant (@DezBryant) October 22, 2013
Burleson also called Johnson, who is 28 and in their seventh season, "a living legend."
Johnson has 33 catches for 492 yards and six touchdowns this season, although they missed one game and was limited in another by a knee injury. Bryant has 42 catches for 569 yards and six touchdowns.
On a conference call Wednesday, Lions coach Jim Schwartz was asked about the similarities between Bryant and Johnson.
DID HILLARY CHEAT? Internet Abuzz After First Debate – 3 Ways They May Have Cheated
Guest post by Joe Hoft
Hillary Clinton is not above cheating , lying or stealing to get what they want so it shouldn't be any surprise that they are being accused of cheating during Monday's 1st Presidential debate. Here are 3 ways that they may have cheated:
A picture from after the debate shows Clinton with some sort of device taped to their back below their clothing. Speculation is that this is a device that works with an ear piece that Hillary could have used to receive feedback from advisors during the debate.
Another way that Clinton was accused of cheating was in signals that they gave to the moderator Lester Holt. During the debate when Clinton wanted to signal Holt that they wanted the floor, they rubbed their face in a manner similar to a baseball manager.
According to True Pundit they have not done this in any other debates during their career supporting the accusation that these were signals.
We know that NBC crank Lester Holt interrupted Trump 41 times and Hillary only 7 and Holt lied about Trump's positions so it is not unlikely that they cheated in other ways during the debate as well. After the debate a strange man quickly rushed the stage and picked up Hillary's notes off of their podium. This stranger then handed the notes to Holt as they were leaving the stage. Holt stated at the beginning of the debate that neither candidate had received their questions before the debate but with a Clinton in the debate, this was highly unlikely.
https://youtu.be/LamkYUrQdzI?t=1h35m35s
Clinton = Cheater, Cheater, Cheater
Not exactly. The modern music story really begins a few years before Napster, when lumpy ol' 56k modems were cutting-edge and the FCC, under corporate pressure, loosened media ownership rules. The Telecommunications Act of 1996 allowed, among other things, the rise of radio-dominant corporations like Clear Channel and CBS, who saturated airwaves with focus-tested, mainstream-friendly moose drool on a wider scope than ever before. TV and print media, also victims of corporate consolidation, followed suit.
It's not a perfect corollary on paper: that the rise of corporate media in the '90s birthed the MP3 culture of today. But it's a story worth telling if we're to understand what it means to be a "pirate" today. When radio stopped delivering a legitimate "try-before-you-buy" exchange of music, and when our over-the-air DJs were stripped of the ability to surprise and delight us on an hourly basis, we did not respond by becoming thieves.
We responded by becoming DJs.
Perhaps more people would see the connection, if only music critics ever owned up to the fact that we're the biggest music pirates out there. I suppose I'll start first. Get this meeting moving.
Hi. My name is Sam, and I have been a music pirate for 12 years.
It all started in college, when I got hooked up with a job at a used CD store. The shop always had new albums in stock, thanks to radio reps who sold dozens of new discs a week; many weren't even in stores yet. They were stickered with "for promotional purposes only," always in the same golden, all-caps font with a warning about the record label demanding the disc's return at a moment's notice. We laughed the warnings off, listening to the albums in the store and sometimes enjoying our employee perk of borrowing used CDs five at a time.
Years later, I upgraded to a weekly newspaper. My boss, the paper's music editor, hated dealing with the massive crates of promotional CDs that arrived every few days, so they routinely asked me to sort them on their behalf. I didn't tell them about my addiction. I kept my cool and helped the best I could, alerting them to high-profile albums and local highlights. They gave me first dibs on a few album reviews for the section and let me keep anything they disliked (typically, anything loud or electronic).
Within a year, I took over the editorship, and I secured the promotional music drip. Every day, at least a dozen new albums found their way to my desk. I'd deal with the CD overload with a few parsing methods: ask coworkers to help me sort and listen, or reach out to our syndicate's music editors via e-mail for their opinions, or merely glance at the artist name and album cover for a gut reaction.
In all, I spent over six years getting records via such means before I began downloading in earnest.
Jorge Franganillo/Flickr
That's what a modern MP3 depository feels like: the desk of a newspaper's music section, or even the counter at a busy record store. You're buried in every new CD imaginable and connected to a network of friendly music geeks. The heft of such access intoxicates.
The immensely wealthy and politically engaged brothers at the helm of their family's energy-based conglomerate are not doing so well in the politics of 2016.
There are a lot of conservatives, ranging from Jeb Bush and Paul Ryan to various personages at Fox News, who are having a tough time in 2016. It's looking even tougher as Republicans head toward a waxing on November 8, certainly in the presidential race, more likely than not in the fight for the Senate, and maybe even in seeking to retain a foothold on power in the House.
One big power node on the right that is approaching Election Day with a particularly strong sense of remorse and foreboding is the network of donors and wire-pullers assembled and generally directed by Charles and David Koch of Koch Industries. As Kenneth Vogel of Politico reports, the Koch network is suffering from a crisis of confidence after what amounts to a lost election cycle:
Worse yet, says Vogel, the bros seem to be taking away from this experience a determination to avoid throwing good money after bad. And so they may be reluctant to participate as fully as one would expect in the “post-Trump rebuilding of the conservative movement.” But there is more to their unhappiness than squandered dollars: a realization that the Koch network played a big role in creating the out-of-control “populist” base that is now tearing the conservative movement and the GOP apart.
“We are partly responsible,” said one former network staffer. “We invested a lot in training and arming a grassroots army that was not controllable, and some of these people have used it in ways that are not consistent with our principles, with our goal of advancing a free society, and instead they have furthered the alt-right.”
This is pretty much what Barack Obama said recently in charging conservatives with “riding the tiger” of extremism under the mistaken impression that they were in control of the beast.
In any event, the Koch network is looking ahead to the postelection environment with an unusual sense of trepidation. Vogel offers this tantalizing detail:
Earlier in the month, the network held a document clean-up and retention week during which shredding bins were brought to the offices of various network groups, and employees were encouraged to identify sensitive files for destruction.
Maybe that was just a routine housekeeping chore or a hedge against a cyberattack. Or maybe the idea of a new Democratic administration with control of at least one branch of Congress is making the Kochs and their allies worried about investigations. It is probably just another sign of an autumn of uncertainty in Koch World that could lead to a winter of discontent.
Up to 40,000 Christian and other non-Muslim refugees, currently residing in migrant centers in Germany, are being discriminated against and harassed by other asylum seekers, and even guards because of their religion, human rights groups have said.
The groups, who presented the results of the survey at a press conference, said they interviewed at least 231 Christian migrants, who had mostly arrived from Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan.
Of them, at least 88 percent said they were harassed by Muslim migrants due to their religion, according to Open Doors Germany group, a mission supporting the persecuted Christians that took part in the survey.
Welcome no more: Czechs to deport Iraqi Christian refugees for attempt to move on to Germany https://t.co/BGgRhrqjUapic.twitter.com/2TbrdW1XU3 — RT (@RT_com) April 4, 2016
Also, nearly 50 percent of those interviewed said they had been discriminated against and harassed by guards in refugee centers. The majority of guards in these centers are Muslim, according to German media.
READ MORE: German course teaches migrants how to flirt with women (VIDEO)
Additional surveys of the 231 Christian migrants showed that 42 percent of them experienced insults, 37 percent claimed to have received physical injuries, and 32 percent even had death threats.
The document is only “the tip of the iceberg,” said Open Doors Germany head Markus Rode, adding there is “fear and panic” among the non-Muslim newcomers, Deutsche Welle reports.
According to AVC (Action on Behalf of Persecuted Christians and the Needy), who also took part in the survey, up to 40,000 Christian refugees and members of other religious minorities are being harassed for their religious beliefs in German centers, Bild reports.
Women, who have been rescued from Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) slavery in the Syrian city of Rakka, say “they are still unprotected” and even meet their tormentors again in the refugee camps, Karl Hafen, from the International Society for Human Rights based in Frankfurt, said.
“I've seen [Christian] families who returned [home] voluntarily because of threats,” Paulus Kurt from the Center for Oriental Christians in Germany (ZOCD) said.
Christian refugee Fadi S. from Syria, who took part in the conference, said when they arrived in a German refugees camp, they were “shocked” to encounter Muslim fundamentalists from whom they had actually fled.
German legislation is currently unable to handle the situation, according to the human rights organizations. They called on Berlin authorities to house Christian refugees separately from Muslims. Also those being persecuted should be given separate accommodation, the groups added.
An overwhelming 1.1 million asylum seekers arrived in the country in 2015, and more are to come in 2016.
German citizens are concerned about the future, as 81 percent of the country's citizens say the migrant crisis is “out of control” under Chancellor Angela Merkel's authority, according to a February poll.
Andy Lim on behalf of Debbie Nguyen
Although no amount of money can replace your loved ones when they pass away, we are trying to ease the burden for the Nguyen family. Imagine being a mother who loses both of their sons tragically the same day, or a young wife and mother who loses their husband through senseless violence.
We are raising money for the family of brothers Anpha and Jerry Nguyen. These men were victims from the House of Pho shooting in Albuquerque, NM. Part of the monies raised will go toward Jerry's wife and child.
Anpha and Jerry were our friends, and we visited their restaurant often. They will be missed and we would like to do anything we can to help their family in this time of grief.
We are very thankful for all who are offering support to the family and for those of you who have the means to contribute to this fund.
Galactic News: Aegis Initiative off to a Promising Start 08 DEC 3303 Reports from the Taygeta system indicate that Aegis's new research programme is already bearing fruit.
Professor Boden Tench, principal researcher at Titan's Daughter, offered the following statement to Universal Scientist:
“We're currently focusing on the Thargoid Probes and Sensors, and we've already learned a great deal about the way the Thargoids transmit and store information.”
“We've also been studying the star maps found inside Thargoid structures. We still don't know the precise purpose of these maps, but our analysis has revealed some intriguing details about how the Thargoids categorise geographical data. Indeed, it's entirely possible that their concepts of territory differ dramatically from our own.”
Galactic News: Rogue Runners Appeal Concludes 08 DEC 3303 The Rogue Runners have announced that their campaign to renovate an asteroid base in Run has received the unalloyed support of the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Smithport, the organisation's base of operations. The initiative was supported by scores of independent combat pilots, who protected those delivering goods to the starport.
Autumn Leif, the founder of Rogue Runners Co., released the following statement as the campaign drew to a close:
"I would like to thank the galactic community for supporting this initiative. We now have everything we need to repair and upgrade Leif Enterprise, which should soon be offering a large selection of ships and modules. This would not have been possible without the help of Rogue Security and the galaxy's independent combat pilots, who provided outstanding protection.”
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Smithport in the Run system.
Community Goal: The Colonia Exodus 08 DEC 3303 Despite the repeated assurances of the galactic authorities, which have endeavoured to downplay the scale of the Thargoid threat, it is clear that many of those in the core systems feel less than secure. This is evidenced by the huge numbers of citizens fleeing to Colonia, eager to escape the Thargoids.
In response to this development, the Colonia Council issued the following statement:
"Colonia has always been a haven, and we would never deny entry to those fleeing danger. But if we are to provide people with homes and employment, we must build. We have therefore made plans to establish a number of new outposts throughout Colonia, to support our new neighbours."
"Unfortunately, the urgency of the situation means we cannot rely on our usual trade partners, and we are therefore turning to the galactic community for support. We have placed an open order for a range of construction materials, and have set aside considerable premiums for pilots who deliver these goods to Pilkington Orbital in the Einheriar system."
The campaigns begin on the 7th of December 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.
The tech giants of America are fed up with surveillance by the United States government and they are not going to take it anymore.
A group of some of the premier technology companies in the U.S. have issued a joint open letter to President Obama and Congress to limit the National Security Agency's ability to spy on their users. AOL, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, Twitter and Yahoo all have signed the letter, posted at a website called Reform Government Surveillance.com. The website bases its opinion on five principles and calls on federal legislators to comply.
“The security of users' data is critical, which is why we've invested so much in encryption and fight for transparency around government requests for information. This is undermined by the apparent wholesale collection of data, in secret and without independent oversight, by many governments around the world. It's time for reform and we urge the US government to lead the way,” Google CEO Larry Page said in a quote posted to the website.
Below are the five principles requested by the companies in order to protect both their users and their business models.
1. Limiting Governments' Authority to Collect Users' Information
“Governments should codify sensible limitations on their ability to compel service providers to disclose user data that balance their need for the data in limited circumstances, users' reasonable privacy interests, and the impact on trust in the Internet. In addition, governments should limit surveillance to specific, known users for lawful purposes, and should not undertake bulk data collection of Internet communications.”
2. Oversight and Accountability
“Intelligence agencies seeking to collect or compel the production of information should do so under a clear legal framework in which executive powers are subject to strong checks and balances. Reviewing courts should be independent and include an adversarial process, and governments should allow important rulings of law to be made public in a timely manner so that the courts are accountable to an informed citizenry.”
3. Transparency About Government Demands
“Transparency is essential to a debate over governments' surveillance powers and the scope of programs that are administered under those powers. Governments should allow companies to publish the number and nature of government demands for user information. In addition, governments should also promptly disclose this data publicly.”
4. Respecting the Free Flow of Information
“The ability of data to flow or be accessed across borders is essential to a robust 21st century global economy. Governments should permit the transfer of data and should not inhibit access by companies or individuals to lawfully available information that is stored outside of the country. Governments should not require service providers to locate infrastructure within a country's borders or operate locally.”
5. Avoiding Conflicts Among Governments
“In order to avoid conflicting laws, there should be a robust, principled, and transparent framework to govern lawful requests for data across jurisdictions, such as improved mutual legal assistance treaty — or “MLAT” — processes. Where the laws of one jurisdiction conflict with the laws of another, it is incumbent upon governments to work together to resolve the conflict.”
The letter and Reform Government Surveillance website comes after companies like Microsoft and Google have made very public challenges to the U.S. government against its spying operations. Both companies have said that they want to be much more transparent about what type of information the U.S. government is requesting from them while also promising to fix their systems so it is much harder for the NSA to access their data.
The letter states:
We understand that governments have a duty to protect their citizens. But this summer's revelations highlighted the urgent need to reform government surveillance practices worldwide. The balance in many countries has tipped too far in favor of the state and away from the rights of the individual — rights that are enshrined in our Constitution. This undermines the freedoms we all cherish. It's time for a change.
For our part, we are focused on keeping users' data secure — deploying the latest encryption technology to prevent unauthorized surveillance on our networks and by pushing back on government requests to ensure that they are legal and reasonable in scope.
The Obama administration has begun a review of the practices of the NSA and with the results due later this month. Not included in the letter to the government were some of the bigger technology companies that gather user information in the U.S., including Apple and the cable and cellular operators like Comcast, Time Warner, AT&T, Verizon and Sprint. The cable and cellular operators have much closer working relationships with the government and have long been known to share information requests from federal agencies.
The Reform Government Surveillance website comes without a hint of irony from the companies involved, all of which make it standard practice to aggregate data on their users for the purpose of selling advertisements.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
- Henry David Thoreau
My stepson graduated from college last weekend. He's a sheer delight… ambitious and charming, with a vivid imagination and a quirky view of life. We were walking to the car when they made an announcement.
“I'm going to live in a Castle one day,“ they declared and proceeded to describe how it would have a gym, a pool, a hula hoop court (he's an amazing hooper!) and all the amenities castle's typical have, including lots of turrets. The boy was dead serious. I was intrigued.
I saw their goal as a perfect metaphor for the big dreams many college kids have for life after graduation. Problem is, like most their age, they hadn't thought through how to make sure they could afford it.
“If you start now,” I suggested, “You can surely buy a castle someday.” They asked for my advice. I was ready to give it, but standing in the middle of a crowded parking lot, there were too many distractions.
So this blog is meant to help them (and anyone else) build a firm foundation under their future castles.
16 things I wish I knew about money when I graduated from college:
1. If you can't afford something, don't buy it. Delayed gratification is the gateway to wealth (and a sign of maturity).
2. Despite what you've heard, money is NOT power. Money is simply a tool. The trick to getting the most out of any tool is to know how it works and to use it responsibly.
3. Understand the miracle of compounding—where your money earns interest, then your interest earns interest, and then that interest earns interest, and before you know it, you've got a lot more than when you started.
4. Make savings a habit. Every month, have a small amount–say $5 to $10–automatically transferred from your checking account to a savings account.
5. Consistent savings, no matter how tiny, adds up quickly.
6. Always have a Safety Net…just in case—accumulate at least 6 months of living expenses, to be used for emergencies only.
7. Create a Fun Fund for short-term purchases, like a ‘gotta-have' video game or a weekend getaway. Open a separate savings account, or simply drop spare change in a jar.
8. Begin now building good credit. Apply for a credit card and use it responsibly, which means paying it off every month (refer back to #1!)
9. Never, I mean NEVER, get into credit card debt (not for a castle or the carpet or even a couch). Mounting credit card bills destroys your peace of mind and your quality of life. What good is a castle if you can't enjoy it?
10. Keep your checkbook balanced. Even better, put everything on Quicken. Clarity (knowing precisely how much you have) is power.
11. Learn about investing. Take a class. The only way to make sure your money grows (enough to buy a castle and also maintain it!) is by putting at least some of your cash in long term assets (like stocks & bonds) that will grow faster than inflation and taxes will take it away.
12. Never invest in anything you don't understand. Otherwise, you won't know what you're buying; you won't know when to sell; and you can't accurately evaluate the advice you're given.
13. Don't put off investing until you're older. If you start now, regularly investing small amounts (in mutual funds), that money will grow into millions. Really!!!
14. Own and respect your value. Never settle for less than you deserve or desire. Always ask for more than feels comfortable.
15. The biggest financial risk you can take is to ignore your money, and do nothing at all.
16. Read biographies of wealthy, successful people. They'll inspire you to think bigger about what's possible, and give you the fundamentals for making it happen.
That's my advice. But it's certainly not a definitive list. Anyone has something to add? I'll make sure they see it.
VOL. 128 | NO. 229 | Friday, November 22, 2013
State and local officials will cut the ribbon on the last piece of Tenn. 385 on the morning of Friday, Nov. 22, and the eight-mile stretch of road will open to motorists later in the day.
The roughly eight-mile section between Macon Road and Tenn. 57 in Piperton is the final piece of a nearly 50-mile route that travels from Millington through Arlington and south through Fayette County and into Collierville before linking back to Interstate 240 in the city of Memphis. Work on the $74 million section began in November 2009.
Tennessee Department of Transportation Commissioner John Schroer and former Gov. Winfield Dunn will join other state and local officials for the 10 a.m. groundbreaking ceremony, which includes a motorcade from Collierville's Town Hall. The section that will be opened Friday will be designated as Governor Winfield Dunn Parkway and will open to motorists at 4 p.m.
Tenn. 385 was built to provide a more direct route to Collierville and Fayette County, which have increasingly become a destination for residents over the last 15 to 20 years. Portions of the state route eventually will be included in Interstate 269, the planned outer loop around Memphis.
The opening of the final portion of Tenn. 385 comes as the state prepares to launch a massive overhaul of the Interstate 40-Interstate 240 interchange.
“I do expect it to provide an alternate route,” said TDOT spokesperson Nichole Lawrence.
The interchange work, which will start later this fall, is expected to be completed by summer of 2017. The four-year project will encompass Sycamore View Road to the east, White Station Road to the west, Walnut Grove Road to the south and Covington Pike to the north.
The project will include the state's first four-level interchange, including a towering 75-foot-high flyover ramp leading from the north loop of I-40 to the eastbound lanes on I-40. Crews will also complete the dead-end ramp from westbound I-40 to the north loop and replace the existing I-40 bridge over the Wolf River.
State officials said the $109 million project, the largest contract ever awarded by the state, will improve traffic flow on the heavily traveled interstate system and the roads that lead to it. Average daily vehicle counts in the area range from around 97,000 vehicles to nearly 150,000 vehicles. The state projects the interchange will need to handle more than 350,000 vehicles daily by 2035.
This is a guest post by Angela Ballard, RN who, along with their husband Duffy Ballard, MD, is the author of the award-winning book A Blistered Kind of Love (Mountaineers Books, 2003) about their PCT adventure in 2000. In 2010, Lloyd Gust was instrumental in making their section-hike of a previously missed portion of the Oregon PCT a success. The family has provided these wonderful photos of Lloyd and their wife Barbara, daughters Toni McKeel, Carla Nordlinder and son Rodney Gust.
By the time I met Lloyd Gust in 2010, trail angels and trail magic along the Pacific Crest Trail were nothing new to me. Ten years earlier, during our thru-hike, my husband and I had been the lucky recipients of all sorts of munificent acts from strangers. Among these were a bacon and egg breakfast when we'd run out of food; Gatorade and a cold hose on a 110-degree day; a stranger actually loaning us their car so we could go buy a new stove; and more – rides, comfortable beds, and laundry services – how brave!
So, even after surviving a decade of “normal” life (where strangers don't just hand you sodas because you look hot, motel owners don't let you sleep on their lawns, and unknown persons don't loan you their cars!) I thought I knew all about angels and magic. Of course (and you know where this is going)… I was wrong. Wrong – because I hadn't yet met Lloyd Gust.
Looking back, it's a miracle we even got to Oregon for that 2010 section-hike. Leaving our 1½-year-old and our 5-year-old to go backpacking for two weeks was difficult logistically and emotionally. Perhaps that's why we were not as well prepared for the trip as we should have been and perhaps that's why I'm a bit fuzzy on the details of trailheads, mileages, etc. But what is crystal clear is the impression Lloyd left on me.
We'd been hearing about Lloyd for a while. A friend in Bend, Oregon, knew them through work, and repeatedly said, “You gotta meet this guy. He's incredible!” We ended up spending time with Lloyd (bumping into them at trailheads by accident at first) on multiple occasions. But it was during a long, bumpy drive in their Chevy Cavalier (with gallons of water sloshing around in the back) that we really got to know him.
Devoted, intrepid, and fervent regarding their role as PCT ambassador, educator, and trail angel; these were my first impressions of Lloyd. Within minutes I would also discover that they were a doting father whose first trail magic involved stashing lemon drops along trails to keep their children happily hiking. Their advice as a wilderness-lover, accomplished outdoorsman, and parent was apropos; coming just as I was beginning to wonder if we'd ever manage “real” hikes with our cubby-legged, TV-loving youngsters. Here was a man who'd made trails a huge part of their family's life as well as their own. How did they know this was just what I needed to hear?
Earlier that morning, Lloyd had picked us up at 7 a.m. “sharp” to drive more than an hour and half to a Mt. Jefferson trailhead. He'd been militaristic about the time, because after shuttling us they needed to refill water caches and help many, many other hikers. They referred to a little notebook of appointments as they said this. Of course there would be phone calls all day and into the night, too: for instance, PCTers with medical problems (broken hip?), transportation problems (mule in a ditch?), gear problems (sole-flapping shoes?), and even bug problems (bed bugs? Lloyd could identify bugs over the phone and recommend how to get rid of them, too).
Lloyd did their Oregon trail angeling with a generous heart and helped wilderness journeymen and women as an offshoot of their personal passion for the outdoors. And they did so with a practicality, intelligence (he was fluent in multiple languages) and professionalism that allowed them to thickly blanket “his” 300 miles of trail (stretching from Windigo Pass to just south of Mount Hood) with seemingly miraculous acts of kindness.
I'm sure that Lloyd's army career (he joined in 1942 and served in Japan in WWII and later in Korea), their world travels (he'd visited nearly every continent) and their 20 years running a travel company with their wife Barbara helped them orchestrate and prioritize their busy daily schedule. But it was their devotion to and intimate knowledge of the PCT and the Three Sisters region that made it such a privilege to spend time with him. Long car rides were educational and entertaining with Lloyd. He'd hiked much of PCT in sections with their late wife and was also among a trio of friends who summited all of the Three Sisters (North, Middle, and South, each over 10,000 feet in elevation) in a single 24-hour period. Their daughter Toni McKeel of Carnation, Wash., says that the three mountaineers “Had such fun that they got up the next morning and climbed Broken Top, too.” No small achievement considering that Broken Top is over 9,000 feet.
Lloyd started hiking in their late teens and introduced the idea to Barbara while they were dating. They then proposed to Barbara at the top of Obsidian Falls between the Middle and North Sister. Lloyd and Barbara had three children whom they welcomed to backpacking life early on. “Imagine trying to outfit little kids in hiking gear 57 years ago,” exclaims their daughter Toni. “But we did some amazing trips in surplus army down bags, handmade tents and jackets and with homemade meals.” When Toni was just four years old the family hiked the Mount Rainier Wonderland Trail together. “It was a way of life,” they say, “and we just endured school and winter between hiking seasons.”
Later, although they had stopped hiking, Lloyd and Barbara moved to Bend so that they could see “their” mountains every day and drive to trailheads for picnics. Lloyd also adopted a section of the McKenzie Pass Highway, which they kept spotless. When Barbara passed away in 2005, Lloyd was devastated – the couple had been married for 55 years and together for 61. Lloyd's children were very worried about him, so, upon reading a book about the PCT and learning about trail angels they talked them into becoming one. The work, Toni says, eventually restored Lloyd's will to live such that while many would call them a “lifesaver” and a “godsend,” the PCT and its hikers ended up saving Lloyd, too.
Towards the end of their trail angeling days Lloyd was assisting upwards of 300 hikers per year. “I loved it. I loved every bit of it,” Gust has been quoted as saying. The hikers, they added, “were my total life.” Indeed, from May to September Lloyd was a fulltime trail angel, even cutting short a Sunday morning visit with their daughter when they got a call that the water cache at Windigo Pass was dry.
Lloyd stepped down as trail angel in 2013 because at age 86 they thought they should stop driving. They died of congestive heart failure on October 1, 2014, but their legacy lives on.
Fellow PCT trail angel Donna Saufley of Agua Dulce, Calif., who is beloved in their own right, remembers Lloyd fondly. “Lloyd was boundlessly enthusiastic about helping hikers,” they say. “He went to great lengths to make sure that information about their section was available for them, even as far south as Agua Dulce. It was apparent they reveled in being of service, and it seemed to bring them joy and purpose. Their devotion to this service still glowed brightly, even when their body began to forsake him. They found ways to still be of assistance, advocating and coordinating. They are, and will ever be remembered as, a friend to hikers.”
Hikers whose lives they touched have expressed similar sentiments including:
“Lloyd is in the Trail Angel Hall of Fame”
“Lloyd will forever walk with us on the trail”
“He could make extraordinary things happen and act like it was not a big deal”
“People like Lloyd are what makes hiking the long trails such a wonderful experience.”
“His all-consuming passion for the ‘job',” adds Lloyd's daughter, “made a deep impression on many.”
Myself included.
Indeed, Lloyd was a unique force of trail magic, and while no one can replace him, they mentored fellow Bend resident Brian Douglass to be their successor. But beyond a single trail angel, I think that Lloyd would have wished that we all follow their example in our daily lives, at least a little bit.
Can you sprinkle some magic on someone today? Can you share a passion for trails and the outdoors in a way that opens up previously unforeseen possibilities? Can you buoy up a mom, like me, to hide candies or do whatever else it takes to make sure their kids know the peace of nature and the majesty of the mountains? Lloyd inspired me in this way and I will never forget them for it. They wanted nothing in return, but I'll try to pay it forward anyway.
Lloyd is survived by their sister Eunice Endicott, daughter Carla Nordlinder, daughter Toni McKeel, son Rodney Gust, and two more generations of hikers. The family is planning a public memorial service later this year at the Trinity Episcopal Church, Wall St., Bend, Oregon.
At the request of family, remembrances may be made to:
Pacific Crest Trail Association, 1331 Garden Hwy, Sacramento, CA 95833, https://www.pcta.org/donate/#honorary-memorial
Or
Partners In Care Hospice, 2075 NE Wyatt Ct., Bend, OR 97701, www.partnersbend.org
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The email accounts of at least 109 Hillary Clinton staffers were targeted by Russian military hackers last year, a cybersecurity expert told lawmakers Thursday. During a Senate intelligence committee hearing on Russian meddling in the 2016 US presidential election, Thomas Rid, a professor at King's College in London, laid out the extraordinary efforts undertaken by the Russian military intelligence agency known as GRU to target the Clinton camp:
In early March, GRU began to train its well-established, semi-automated targeting tools from worldwide military and diplomatic targets to US political targets. Between 10 March and 7 April, GRU targeted at least 109 Clinton campaign staffers with 214 individual phishing emails (with eight more attempts on 12 and 13 May). [Thirty six] times Clinton staffers clicked a malicious link (the success rate of actually breaching the account after a victim clicked this link is 1-in-7). Russian intelligence targeted Jake Sullivan in at least 14 different attempts beginning on 19 March, each time with a different malicious link against two of their email addresses. GRU targeted Hillary Clinton's personal email account at least two times in March, but the available data show that they did not fall for the password reset trick. The military intelligence agency also targeted DNC staffers with 16 emails between 15 March and 11 April, and 3 DNC staffers were tricked into clicking the treacherous “reset password” button on 6 April 2016.
This is an interesting bit of information from Rid, a cybersecurity expert and researcher who has studied and written extensively about what happened to the Democrats in 2016. After the hearing, Rid told Mother Jones' David Corn that the level of detail they offered to the Senate panel Thursday was new. It was an expansion of the research performed by Dell SecureWorks in June 2016, which studied Bitly links that were sent to hundreds of people associated with the Democratic National Committee or the Clinton campaign (as well as to thousands of other Gmail accounts in Russia, former Russian states, the United States, and Europe).
Given that a typo in an email may have led to John Podesta's personal Gmail account getting compromised and years of their emails ending up on WikiLeaks, it's interesting to note that Clinton themselves apparently didn't fall for the scheme. Them personal email was targeted at least two times, but, according to Rid, “the available data show that they did not fall for the password reset trick.”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 66-year-old man has been arrested in Antrim by detectives investigating the events of Bloody Sunday.
 They are understood to be a former British soldier.
The suspect is being interviewed at a police station in Belfast, having been arrested by detectives from the Legacy Investigation Branch.
The officer leading the investigation, Detective Chief Inspector Ian Harrison, said today's arrest marked a new phase in the overall investigation which would continue for some time.
In Derry, in January 1972 British paratroopers opened fire and killed 13 demonstrators.
Fourteen were injured and another was to die later.
In September, it had been revealed that seven soldiers were to be interviewed by police investigating the shootings.
Inspector Harrison had met victims' families to update them on the progress of their investigation. They said 34 military and 310 civilian witness statements have been recorded.
MORE:
A spokesperson said: "He also told the families that seven military witnesses would be interviewed over the coming months, along with 10 civilian witnesses.
"DCI Harrison reiterated the fact this is a long, complex and protracted investigation but that they remained committed to keeping the families informed of progress as appropriate."
by
Jacob 5
The text of Jacob 5 introduces several new elements into the Book of Mormon, among them: a new genre (extended allegory) and a new narrative voice (Zenos). It is difficult to see how this prophecy relates to Jacob's original audience, but it is easy to see how it relates to Latter-day readers, as it comments on, and partially revises, a passage from the Letters of Paul that has structured the relationship between Christians and Jews for more than a thousand years.
The passage I refer to comes from the 11th chapter of Romans, which I quote at some length here because it is really important:
13 For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office: 14 If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them. 15 For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead? 16 For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches.17 And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a wild olive tree, wert grafted in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree; 18 Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee. 19 Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be grafted in. 20 Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear: 21 For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest they also spare not thee. 22 Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in their goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off. 23 And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be grafted in: for God is able to graft them in again. 24 For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert grafted contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be grafted into their own olive tree? 25 For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fullness of the Gentiles be come in. 26 And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:
Those familiar with Jacob 5 will recognize a lot of the elements in Paul's much briefer text. Both compare the House of Israel to a decaying olive tree that can be saved only by grafting in branches from other trees. Paul addresses the gentiles directly and tells them that they will, as Christians grafted into the Tree of Israel, become eligible for all of the blessings promised to the Chosen People. But they shouldn't get cocky about it because the Jews are still God's people, and their cutoffedness is only temporary. God's plan is for the favor granted the gentiles to spur the Jews to repentance so that “all Israel shall be saved.”
Historically, these verses are at the heart of the Christian prophesy of “the Conversion of the Jews”—or the belief that, at some point in the future, most or all of the Jews in the world will convert en masse to Christianity. This belief was especially strong among English Calvinists, who believed that this conversion would have to occur before the Second Coming of Christ. It was on the strength of this prophecy that Oliver Cromwell permitted the Jews to return to England in 1656.
When the Puritans immigrated to the New World, they brought this belief with them, and it was a major part of the rhetorical environment in which the Book of Mormon was first read. “Nothing is more certainly foretold,” thundered the famous American cleric Jonathan Edwards, “than this national conversion of the Jews in Romans 11.” And this was largely the environment into which Joseph Smith was born, and in which they published the Book of Mormon.
If we read the Allegory of the Olive Tree carefully, though, we will see that it expands Paul's allegory in significant ways–namely, it adds the people of the Book of Mormon itself into the allegorical mix. The person presented as the original author of the allegory was the Prophet Zenos, a contemporary of Isaiah who lived before the Babylonian exile and who, therefore, saw “the House of Israel” as something more inclusive than “the Jews.” And in the process of expanding on Paul's metaphor, the Book of Mormon reconfigures the classical Christian concept of “the Conversion of the Jews” and turns it into the more familiar and distinctive Latter-day Saint concept of “the Gathering of Israel.”
Let us pause to recall that the Book of Mormon presents the Lehites as Israelites but not as Jews. Lehi and their family claim descent from Manasseh, not Judah, and this fact becomes crucial to our understanding of the difference between Jacob 5 and Romans 11. In its very basic form (and I know I am stripping out a lot of important detail here, but this is already way too long for a blog post) the allegory of the Olive Tree presents four series of events that represent, allegorically, the four key time periods in the Book of Mormon's narrative of sacred history.
Jacob 5: The Allegory of the Olive Tree Allegorical Action Time Frame Interpretation and Commentary The Master has their servant prune the original tree heavily and then transplants branches to other places in the garden. (Jacob 5:8) Before the Babylonian Captivity, at the time that Lehi and their family leave Jerusalem This is an element of the story that does not occur in Romans, and it completely changes the nature of the allegory. Paul speaks of two kinds of branches, the original branches, which represent the Jews and the new branches, which represent the gentiles. Jacob's allegory uses both of these categories exactly as Paul does, but adds a third: the transplanted original branches, which represent transplanted Israelites who are not Jews (i.e., the Book of Mormon people). The Master grafts wild branches into the decaying olive tree (5:10), and, for a while, they produce good fruit (5:18). The New Testament / Christ and Paul This portion of the allegory is very similar to Paul's parable in Romans 11. The decaying olive tree represents Israel, which, after the Babylonian captivity is represented primarily by the Jewish people. According to both Zenos and Paul, the gentiles, or non-Jewish Christians, are grafted onto the tree, becoming fully vested members of the House of Israel. The Master notices that the original tree is once again bearing bad fruit (5:30-32), and, when they check the transplanted branches, they find that they too are bearing bad fruit (5:38-40). The Restoration / Joseph Smith Here we see a clear example of the apostasy narrative that has already been worked by Nephi. The original tree, which represents the various Christian Churches, has fallen away from God. This is a clear departure from Christian orthodoxy, though it is definitely presented as a possibility in the original Pauline text, which states, “Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in their goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off.” (11:22) But the descendants of Lehi—which the original text of the Book of Mormon clearly presents as the American Indians—are not doing much better, as they are also in apostasy and unbelief. The Master decides to restore the original branches to the original tree by working in both directions: grafting branches from the transplant back into the original tree, and grafting branches from the original tree back into the transplants. (5: 60-67) The Last Days The conclusion of the allegory (well, except for the very end, when everything gets burned) invokes the “restoration of all things” and unfolds the wise plan of the Master from the very beginning. The original House of Israel has been divided for millennia, but it will be literally reunited—including both the Jews and the descendants of Lehi—as part of the Restoration of the last days. The allegory thus invokes the literal gathering of Israel found in the 10th Article of Faith.
Whatever one believes about the origins of the Book of Mormon, the Allegory of the Olive Tree in Jacob 5 is an extraordinarily complex work of literature. It is a narratologically complex text that introduces several embedded narrators (i.e. Mormon, Jacob, and Zenos) operating at different times and with different purposes to produce a single sustained allegory. It is a rhetorically complex argument that both supports and subverts an important biblical passage well-known to Joseph Smith's contemporaries. And it is a theologically complex passage that builds and extends the apostasy-and-restoration narrative that the Book of Mormon itself presents itself as a part of.
And it is yet another example for Latter-day Saints of the richness and beauty that our most distinguishing book of scripture yields when we approach it by study, and also by faith.
Identity minister Meg Hillier says that the Identity and Passport Service has "custom built" its own database for the identity card scheme.
Following reports that the IPS had scrapped plans to store biographical information on the Department for Work and Pensions' database, Hillier said that the controversial scheme has three databases. "There is the one that holds the fingerprints and facial image, the biometric data, and then the other information which is broadly what is on your passport already and the third bit is the one that links the two," they said.
Speaking at a meeting on identity cards at the Social Market Foundation in London on 15 March 2010, they said that their department needed to explore the remote use of the card.
An example of an ID card reader, visually like a larger version of a card reader used by retailers, was available at the conference. Hillier said that the government "needed to do more work on this" and was keen to hear the views of industry about how this will work, particularly about security.
They said that what was important about the identity card was the chip and suggested that in the future it may be possible to install the chip in another device, such as a mobile phone.
Referring to many of their constituents who are without any form of identity document, Hillier emphasised the importance of the ID card to people who are "socially disadvantaged".
Responding to a question from an LB Harrow councillor about the government "moving the goal posts" in relation to the purposes of the card, Hillier said that the "9/11 had put the cast on the ID card" about terrorism, but that the card has always been a multi-faceted project.
This article was originally published at Kable.
ISI's John Todd isn't just the nicest guy on the planet—he's also a tremendous photographer. They took these shots today, September 3, at the U.S. soccer team's training in South Florida. Enjoy.
BY staff Posted
September 03, 2013
2:32 PM SHARE THIS STORY
Deputy Editor Noah Davis is traveling with the United States men's soccer team and will be reporting from both San Jose, Costa Rica, and Columbus, Ohio. So be sure to check back here over the next week for all of the news and analysis you've come to expect from ASN.
While Noah waits for their luggage to arrive on the carousel in Miami, we thought we would post a few of the great photos John Todd took at today's U.S. soccer practice.
Words? Schmerds. Go!
Getting excited for Friday's game? ASN promises to keep you in the know over the next week, and beyond.
AMMAN: A measles outbreak in opposition-held regions of southern Syria has infected nearly 150, mostly newborns and young children, because of a two-year absence of vaccinations, two doctors who are treating the outbreak told Syria Direct.
The doctors documented 60 measles infections in the rebel-held Daraa countryside and 70 cases in adjacent, opposition-controlled Quneitra province in the month of May alone, Dr. Yarub a-Zouabi, a pediatrician in the eastern Daraa countryside, told Syria Direct.
“We cannot give any firm statistics because every day more and more infected residents come to our health centers,” Dr. Yasser al-Farouh, a pediatrician in the western Daraa countryside, told Syria Direct. Both a-Zouabi and Farouh are regional coordinators for the Early Warning Alert and Response Network (EWARN), a public health organization tracking epidemics in opposition-held areas of Syria.
The first signs of the recent measles outbreak appeared in March in rebel-held Quneitra, a southwestern province bordering the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. At the time, medical professionals in the opposition-controlled areas of Daraa had only documented a handful of suspected measles cases, said a-Zouabi.
But since that time, measles symptoms spread to the eastern and western Daraa countryside due at least in part to overcrowding and internal displacement in rebel-held areas of the province. The main reason for the outbreak is that most infants and young children in opposition areas of the province are not vaccinated.
Two doses of the measles vaccine are necessary to properly immunize children against the viral disease: the first during infancy and the second at four to six years of age.
Measles disproportionately affects young children, and often with a fever, rash and potentially lethal complications that can be prevented by immunization.
Children who are already symptomatic cannot be given a vaccine, and antiviral treatment does not currently exist for measles. This means that doctors can only resort to palliative measures such as painkillers, antipyretics and IV fluids to ensure that the condition of patients does not worsen.
“The measles vaccine reduces occurrence of this potentially fatal viral infection by more than 99 percent, with children the primary victims of this wholly preventable disease,” Dr. Homer Venters, an epidemiologist and Physicians for Human Rights' director of programs, told Syria Direct on Monday.
Since the outbreak of the Syrian war in 2011, Physicians for Human Rights (PHR) has documented the spread of disease, attacks on medical personnel and infrastructure and reports of chemical weapons use across the country.
“Death and disability from measles infection is a stark reminder that armed conflict harms health beyond the impact of bullets and bombs,” the doctor added.
The recent outbreak of measles “boils down to the shortcomings of vaccination programs, which are still controlled by the Syrian regime's Ministry of Health,” said pediatrician Farouh.
Vaccines must be administered by a trained professional and require specific conditions for storage and distribution. In Syria, the Ministry of Health organizes vaccination campaigns with the assistance of the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent (SARC). But the government ministry retains control over areas and quantities of vaccine distribution, and SARC requires regime permission to enter any opposition-held areas.
The Ministry of Health launched an anti-measles campaign on May 21 aimed at vaccinating “children between seven months and five years of age,” state news agency SANA reported at the time.
But the campaign was too late to stop the spread of the infection in the opposition-held south, and only a small quantity of vaccines entered the Daraa countryside, said a-Zouabi.
The vaccination campaign did not provide any mobile teams and only set up distribution stations in a small number of health centers, the pediatrician added. “Those who didn't hear [about the campaign] were once again deprived of their right to vaccines.”
The last time Daraa residents had access to the measles vaccine—prior to last month's campaign—was in May 2015, said both a-Zouabi and al-Farouh.
Syria Direct contacted the Damascus branch of the World Health Organization for details about vaccine distribution in opposition-areas. The office did not comment.
‘Terrified of being infected'
In their clinic in the eastern Daraa countryside, a-Zouabi distributes vitamin A supplements to any patients displaying symptoms of measles.
They send serum samples to a laboratory established by the Early Warning Alert and Response Network (EWARN), the public health program a-Zouabi works with, last month.
“With each new case that comes to the health center, we are overcome with worry and fear that it will be confirmed as a measles infection,” they say.
For Abu Hadeel, a 35-year-old resident of the rebel-held east countryside, the physicians at their local hospital confirmed that their two daughters, who are not vaccinated, had contracted the viral infection last month.
Physicians at a hospital in the eastern Daraa town of al-Hirak confirmed the presence of the disease with a blood test. They gave them vitamins and medicine for fever and diarrhea for their daughters—ages two and eight months.
“I tried to isolate my daughters as well as I could, as the hospital staff instructed me,” Abu Hadeel told Syria Direct on Monday.
“I live in one house with three other families” the father said. “I'm scared that this infection cannot be contained.”
Nearly two days after the horrific suicide attacks on civilian workers in New York and Washington, it has become painfully clear that most Americans simply don't get it. From the president to passersby on the streets, the message seems to be the same: this is an inexplicable assault on freedom and democracy, which must be answered with overwhelming force - just as soon as someone can construct a credible account of who was actually responsible.
Shock, rage and grief there has been aplenty. But any glimmer of recognition of why people might have been driven to carry out such atrocities, sacrificing their own lives in the process - or why the United States is hated with such bitterness, not only in Arab and Muslim countries, but across the developing world - seems almost entirely absent. Perhaps it is too much to hope that, as rescue workers struggle to pull firefighters from the rubble, any but a small minority might make the connection between what has been visited upon them and what their government has visited upon large parts of the world.
But make that connection they must, if such tragedies are not to be repeated, potentially with even more devastating consequences. US political leaders are doing their people no favours by reinforcing popular ignorance with self-referential rhetoric. And the echoing chorus of Tony Blair, whose determination to bind Britain ever closer to US foreign policy ratchets up the threat to our own cities, will only fuel anti-western sentiment. So will calls for the defence of "civilisation", with its overtones of Samuel Huntington's poisonous theories of post-cold war confrontation between the west and Islam, heightening perceptions of racism and hypocrisy.
As Mahatma Gandhi famously remarked when asked their opinion of western civilisation, it would be a good idea. Since George Bush's father inaugurated their new world order a decade ago, the US, supported by its British ally, bestrides the world like a colossus. Unconstrained by any superpower rival or system of global governance, the US giant has rewritten the global financial and trading system in its own interest; ripped up a string of treaties it finds inconvenient; sent troops to every corner of the globe; bombed Afghanistan, Sudan, Yugoslavia and Iraq without troubling the United Nations; maintained a string of murderous embargos against recalcitrant regimes; and recklessly thrown its weight behind Israel's 34-year illegal military occupation of the West Bank and Gaza as the Palestinian intifada rages.
If, as yesterday's Wall Street Journal insisted, the east coast carnage was the fruit of the Clinton administration's Munich-like appeasement of the Palestinians, the mind boggles as to what US Republicans imagine being a Churchillian response.
It is this record of unabashed national egotism and arrogance that drives anti-Americanism among swaths of the world's population, for whom there is little democracy in the current distribution of global wealth and power. If it turns out that Tuesday's attacks were the work of Osama bin Laden's supporters, the sense that the Americans are once again reaping a dragon' teeth harvest they themselves sowed will be overwhelming.
It was the Americans, after all, who poured resources into the 1980s war against the Soviet-backed regime in Kabul, at a time when girls could go to school and women to work. Bin Laden and their mojahedin were armed and trained by the CIA and MI6, as Afghanistan was turned into a wasteland and its communist leader Najibullah left hanging from a Kabul lamp post with their genitals stuffed in their mouth.
But by then Bin Laden had turned against their American sponsors, while US-sponsored Pakistani intelligence had spawned the grotesque Taliban now protecting him. To punish its wayward Afghan offspring, the US subsequently forced through a sanctions regime which has helped push 4m to the brink of starvation, according to the latest UN figures, while Afghan refugees fan out across the world.
All this must doubtless seem remote to Americans desperately searching the debris of what is expected to be the largest-ever massacre on US soil - as must the killings of yet more Palestinians in the West Bank yesterday, or even the 2m estimated to have died in Congo's wars since the overthrow of the US-backed Mobutu regime. "What could some political thing have to do with blowing up office buildings during working hours?" one bewildered New Yorker asked yesterday.
Already, the Bush administration is assembling an international coalition for an Israeli-style war against terrorism, as if such counter-productive acts of outrage had an existence separate from the social conditions out of which they arise. But for every "terror network" that is rooted out, another will emerge - until the injustices and inequalities that produce them are addressed.
s.milne@theguardian.com
The sentencing of Morro Bay, California medical marijuana dispensary owner Charles Lynch has been delayed yet again, this time until June 11. According to Reason.tv producer Ted Balaker, who has followed the Lynch saga from its start, the mood in the courtroom was guardedly optimistic, especially as Judge George H. Wu openly expressed their sympathy for Lynch.
"To be blunt, if I could find a way out, I would," said Wu, referring to mandatory minimum sentencing guidelines that insist Lynch get at least five years in prison. However, Wu summarily dismissed the notion of disregarding the guidelines, claiming it would simply be a "monumental waste of time" because such a decision would be overruled by a higher court. Reason.tv will post a video of today's proceedings soon. In the meantime, you can follow the case at Lynch's website, online here.
Above: Watch "Raiding California," Reason.tv's Drew Carey Project video about the Lynch case. Go here for iPod and HD versions and more.
UPDATE: Today, April 23, is the day of reckoning not for Charlie Lynch but for the drug war—and for learning whether the Obama administration will live up to its statements regarding changing federal policy regarding medical marijuana. Lynch's sentencing is scheduled to start at 3PM PT; watch this space for breaking developments.
Charlie Lynch is a California resident who owned and operated a medical marijuana dispensary that was fully legal under a Golden State law.
In 2007, federal agents and San Luis Obispo sheriffs raided their home and dispensary and in 2008 they were found guilty in federal court of five counts of distributing drugs.
Because they were tried in a federal court, Lynch's defense team was not allowed to argue that its client was fully complying with state law.
On Thursday, April 23, 2009, Lynch is scheduled to be sentenced. They face a mandatory minimum sentence of five years and, despite some positive statements from the Obama administration's Justice Department about respecting state laws regarding medical marijuana, Lynch's future is darker than midnight. Indeed, the simple letter of the law dictates they go to prison.
The polite term for Lynch's predicament is Kafkaesque.  They are a guiltless man who genuinely helped the sick in their community and is being punished for caring. Now they face at least five years—and potentially much more—in one of the most sickening and barbaric displays of how the drug war is carpet-bombing huge swaths of American life. Indeed, to call Lynch's plight Kafkaesque is to hide the brutality of America's longest-running and most-destructive war behind an aesthetically comforting phrase.
Charlie Lynch's life has been destroyed by policies and priorities so idiotic and corrosive that they create or exacerbate every negative outcome they purport to address. It is the logic of bombing the village in order to save it raised to an exponential degree and all Americans who believe in the smallest doses of freedom, compassion, rule of law, personal autonomy, and federalism should bear witness to the horror of what has already happened and will likely be made still worse on April 23.
Reason has been following Lynch's story since it began. Below is a chronology and selected bibliography of our print and video coverage of Lynch and the monsters who have prosecuted them like some warped Inspector Javert.
We will be reporting live here on April 23, as soon as the Lynch verdict is announced.
Charles Lynch Chronology
Hideo Kojima has revealed the engine that Kojima Productions will be using for Death Stranding, with the new studio electing to partner with Guerrilla Games and using the Decima engine - as used in the forthcoming Horizon: Zero Dawn.
Earlier this year Hideo Kojima took a world tour with Sony's Mark Cerny in a quest to find an engine for Death Stranding, and some of their social media posts hinted towards the conclusion they came towards: last month they tweeted an image of a mouse mat on their desk bearing the image of Guerrilla Games' Herman Hulst. Which is fair enough - Hulst is a handsome man.
Kojima confirmed Death Stranding would be using the Decmia engine in a talk at this year's PlayStation Experience, revealing that Guerrilla Games handed them the source code in a small wooden box upon making their decision. As part of the partnership, a small satellite team from Kojima Productions is embedded in Guerrilla Games' Amsterdam office.
In a delightfully meandering session, Kojima said the partnership was a continuation of a long-standing tradition of collaboration between Japan and Holland, which can be dated back to the Edo period.
Jay Park has always been on their grind when it comes to music, this is no exception when it was announced earlier on 21st July that Jay had signed with Jay-Z's label Roc Nation.
“Jay Park recently signed with the famous American music label Roc Nation and is planning to promote locally [in the United States]. The specifics have yet to be confirmed, but you can think of this as part of a process to enter the American market. Their independent label AOMG will take care of their domestic activities” – A source from Roc Nation
Roc Nation is home to American artists like Rihanna, Big Sean, J.Cole just to name a few. On Instagram Jay Park announced the news whilst Roc Nation uploaded a welcome post.
It's Official @RocNation This is a win for the Town This is a win for Korea This is a win for Asian Americans This is a win for the overlooked and underappreciated This is a win for genuine ppl who look out for their ppls This is a win for hard work and dedication This is a win for honesty and authenticity Thank you for the acknowledgement and recognition🙏🙏 Just gettin' started 10년차가수인데 이제부터시작이네 🙌 🙌🙌#RocFam #RocNation A post shared by $hway BUM Park 박재범 (@jparkitrighthere) on Jul 20, 2017 at 10:49pm PDT
We are excited to announce @JParkitrighthere has officially signed with #RocNation! Welcome to the #RocFam!!! A post shared by Roc Nation (@rocnation) on Jul 20, 2017 at 10:58pm PDT
Jay Park has definitely come a long way from their 2PM days, to singing on their bathroom floor to becoming a mogul, this is only the beginning for Jay. Congratulations!
President Obama this morning launched an attack on gaudy television monstrosity Donald Trump, by asking for documentary evidence that their hair is both real, and of American origin.
As Trump continued to question the authenticity of Obama's presidential status by suggesting he's not clever enough to be in the White House, the President issued a stinging rebuke of their own.
Obama told the White House press corp, “If Donald Trump truly has nothing to hide, then let them show the public exactly what sits atop their head.”
“Anyone considers running for president must be open to the sort follicular scrutiny that I am subjecting them to.”
“There are a growing number of Americans that believe Donald Trump's hair originated in an Eastern European laboratory, and it is up to them to convince us otherwise.”
“That hair is not American, I don't mind if it's Canadian or British or whatever. What concerns me most is that it may not even be human.”
Documentary evidence of Trump's fringe
Donald Trump has responded the accusation, stating that any suggestion their hair is un-American is entirely absurd.
Trump told reporters, “This is ridiculous. My hair is as American as I am, if not more so. Most people have hair that is the genetic result of the efforts of just two Americans – at most – but mine is the result of teams of Americans and many years of research.”
Obama insisted words were meaningless, and that documentary evidence would be needed before the country could truly believe their hair is American.
The President continued, “I'm willing to forget about this whole issue if Mr Trump just shows a receipt to prove that the wig was bought on American soil and was produced from American livestock.”
“And of course, it would ease a lot of our concerns if it has the authenticity of the hallmark that says ‘US of Toupée'.”
Most Americans, however, remain less convinced of whereabouts of their President's birthplace than they are of the whereabouts of Donald Trump's hairline.
The 2016 Miami Marlins, currently 50-42 and in sole possession of the second Wild Card in the National League East, will have Jose Urena pitching for them tomorrow. Jose Urena has a 7.52 ERA in 20 1/3 major league innings and a 3.99 ERA in 38 1/3 Triple-A innings. Despite their somewhat decent Triple-A stats, Urena's FIP sits at 5.44 for New Orleans, showing that they were luckier, but just as bad.
The Miami Marlins can make the playoffs this season, but they absolutely will not if guys like Justin Nicolino, Paul Clemens, and Jose Urena have to start every fifth day. In their innings with the Marlins this season, Urena has walked 10 batters and struck out only 12. That's an awful 2.0 K-BB%.
By calling up Urena for tomorrow's game, the Marlins are more or less committing to a bullpen game and hoping for an offensive outburst from the bats. One start from Urena won't ruin the team's chances at contention, but if they trot them out there every fifth day, the Marlins can forget about making a playoff run this season. With the trade deadline coming up on August 1st, the Marlins perhaps need to make a trade more than any other team in baseball.
2005 Idaho Code - 63-4203 — ILLEGAL DRUG TAX IMPOSED ON POSSESSION OF CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES
TITLE 63 REVENUE AND TAXATION CHAPTER 42 ILLEGAL DRUG STAMP TAX ACT 63-4203. ILLEGAL DRUG TAX IMPOSED ON POSSESSION OF CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES. (1) Every person who in violation of Idaho law possesses a controlled substance shall be liable for payment of an excise tax on all of the controlled substance possessed including the amount below any threshold provided in section 63-4202, Idaho Code. (2) The tax hereby imposed is calculated at the following rates: (a) On each gram of marijuana, or each portion of a gram, three dollars and fifty cents ($3.50); (b) On each gram of other controlled substance sold by weight, or each portion of a gram, two hundred dollars ($200); (c) On each fifty (50) dosage units of a controlled substance that is not sold by weight, or portion thereof, two thousand dollars ($2,000); and (d) On a growing marijuana plant, seven hundred seventy-five dollars ($775) per plant. A credit of seven hundred seventy-five dollars ($775) shall be given for the payment of each illegal drug tax on a growing marijuana plant against payment of illegal drug taxes for possession of marijuana harvested from the growing marijuana plant, provided, no credit shall be given unless evidence of payment of illegal drug taxes on a growing marijuana plant is permanently affixed to the marijuana harvested from it. (3) For the purpose of calculating the illegal drug tax under this chapter, other than for growing marijuana plants, a quantity of controlled substance is measured by the weight of the substance, whether pure or impure or dilute, or by dosage units when the substance is not sold by weight, in a person's possession. A quantity of a controlled substance is dilute if it consists of a detectable quantity of pure controlled substance and any excipients or fillers. (4) For the purposes of article VII of the Idaho constitution, the illegal drug taxes imposed in this chapter shall not be held or construed to be a tax on property.
President ... Donald ... Trump. For those on both sides of the aisle who vowed 'Never Trump!' that's going to take some getting used to.
On this morning after a stunning election, the first impulse may be to describe the future in apocalyptic phrases. Game over for the climate! Game over for NATO! Game over for the Clean Power Plan! Game over for Planned Parenthood!
While there are certainly extreme outcomes possible for these and many other issues that divide our nation, we may see some moderation, especially on matters where the divisions do not rigidly follow ideological fault lines.
Of course, the president-elect themselves is famous neither for hewing to right wing orthodoxy nor for consistency between their various pronouncements. As they have said: "I like to be unpredictable."
But make no mistake, in the energy and climate space Trump's number one priority is to dismantle the Obama legacy as they see it. And they see it largely through the lens of pro-fossil fuel organizations severely allergic to regulations - like the US Chamber of Commerce and the American Petroleum Institute.
A prime target is the Environmental Protection Agency and its regulation of greenhouse gases via the Clean Power Plan and methane emissions measures, which are described as "job killers".
Fossil fuel revolution
The Clean Power Plan, which sets limits on carbon emissions from power plants, has been stayed by the courts for the moment, but one should not forget that EPA's responsibility to regulate CO 2 emissions under the Clean Air Act was affirmed by the Supreme Court. This sets up a potential conflict among the executive, legislative and judicial branches.
President Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress may hollow out and handcuff the EPA, but EPA's responsibility to regulate greenhouse gases will remain unless existing law is modified by Congress or by a Court returned to full strength with Trump appointees.
There are other parts of the Obama energy legacy on which President Trump will likely build, whether they admit it or not. Since President Obama's election, domestic production of oil and gas has surged, making the US the world's largest energy producer and reducing oil imports from 57% to 24% of our consumption.
Trump would put fossil energy production on steroids, opening up or selling federal lands for exploration and production of oil, gas and even coal. They have called this an "energy revolution" that will produce "vast new wealth" for the country.
The only limitation to a policy of 'drill, baby, drill' and 'dig, baby, dig' evident in their past positions is an acknowledgment that local communities should have a say in whether hydraulic fracturing is permitted in their environs. Whether this respect extends to communities affected by other energy infrastructure projects, such as the Dakota Access Pipeline, remains to be seen.
Reviving coal through exports?
During the campaign, Trump promised to put coal miners back to work, touted the virtues of clean coal and pledged to make "energy dominance a strategic economic and foreign policy goal of the United States." They criticized Hillary Clinton for encouraging China to develop its own natural gas resources to make it less dependent on energy imports (and therefore, on Central Asia and Russia).
Is energy nationalism a feasible path on which they will be able to lead the nation? Frankly, no.
As is widely known, the crisis in coal country owes far less to EPA regulations than to the abundance of cheap natural gas made available by fracking. Eliminating the Clean Power Plan is unlikely to decrease the rate of retirement of old coal-fired power plants in the US, or to induce utilities to build new coal plants. It's a matter of economics, not regulatory burden.
Development of 'Clean Coal' technology, even if it does not include sequestering carbon underground, would require more, not less, emissions control for power plant operators. Since these controls add cost, they would render investments in new or upgraded coal plants even less favorable compared to gas-fired plants.
If the solution to reviving the domestic coal industry is to dramatically increase exports, one can hardly expect the rest of the world to sit idly by while the US attempts to establish 'energy dominance'.
Like oil, coal is a global commodity and there's a limit to how much control one country can exert globally. In recent years, even OPEC has been unable to dominate oil markets sufficiently to successfully undercut the growth of US oil production.
And, by the way, 75% of the world's proven oil reserves are under the control of government-owned national oil companies. It is difficult to see how investor-owned oil giants like ExxonMobil can dominate this landscape.
Uncertainty on renewable energy
What about renewable energies in the Trump administration? The president-elect has sent a few mixed messages here as well.
Solar seems to be fine, but is not cost competitive in their eyes. Wind power has been suggested (with no small measure of hyperbole) to kill eagles and to leave rusting wrecks of obsolete turbines blighting the landscape. They believe neither deserves subsidies.
As a candidate, Trump said that they would protect the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS), which mandates biofuel production, and corn-based ethanol. Yet they have criticized some elements of the RFS as benefiting 'Big Oil' at the expense of smaller refiners.
Whatever their intentions as president, Mr. Trump will find sharply drawn battle lines within their own constituencies on these issues. Support for the RFS among GOP office holders breaks along state borders with the answer to the question: 'Is the RFS of benefit or harm to the farmers and energy interests in my state?'
A host of conservative think tanks and energy industry organizations strongly oppose the RFS as well as any subsidies for or promotion of renewables. For example, Iowa Republican Chuck Grassley has declared undying support for corn ethanol and for the production tax credit to promote Iowa's wind energy industry.
The bottom line is that, even if President Trump figures out what they want to do about renewable energy, their plan will be every bit as contentious as anything that President Obama has done.
Global climate implications
President-elect Trump's 'Energy Revolution' is based on unfettered expansion of American energy production, and opposition to anything that might limit it. This means more of the same fossil fuels that dominate our current energy supplies. And their proposed climate policies are entirely consistent with the view that any greenhouse gas controls should be eliminated.
They pledged as a candidate to withdraw the US from the climate agreements forged at last year's Paris COP21 meeting, even as there is a growing global consensus that even more must be done to limit global warming and climate change.
The Paris Agreement states that parties cannot withdraw for three years and that an additional one-year waiting period is required. Whether President Trump will feel constrained by this or other international commitments, including NATO, remains to be seen.
The danger is not just that the United States will go rogue on climate matters (which would be bad enough), but that in doing so, it will bring down the growing global cooperation to curb greenhouse gases that has been 40 years in the making.
During the campaign it was abundantly clear that a core tenet of Mr. Trump's business philosophy is sticking others with the cost of advancing their grand agenda, through bankruptcy or by stiffing contractors.
The legal and political constraints on the president may provide some inhibition as they step into this role. Nevertheless, sticking future generations of Americans - and in fact people around the globe - with the bill for Trump administration energy and climate policies, whatever they turn out to be, would be, in my view, morally indefensible.
Mark Barteau is Director, University of Michigan Energy Institute, University of Michigan.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
A new gene mutation which will help doctors give a more accurate diagnosis of a type of brain and muscle disease in children has been discovered for the first time by University of Leeds experts.
Mitochondrial myopathy, as it is known, causes muscle weakness, movement problems and learning difficulties and affects more than 70,000 people in the UK.
For the first time, mutations in a particular gene, MICU1, have been linked to myopathy. The discovery gives a better understanding of the genetic causes of the condition.
Working with colleagues from University College London and Great Ormond Street Hospital, as well as colleagues from the Netherlands and Italy, Dr Eamonn Sheridans team identified two mutations in the gene using a technique called exome sequencing  an alternative to whole genome sequencing.
Mitochondria are the batteries of the bodys cells where energy is produced. They are found in large numbers in nerve and muscle cells, which have high energy demands. To function properly, mitochondria need a certain amount of calcium. If calcium levels are either too high or too low, they stop working properly.MICU1 carries instructions for a protein which is essential for mitochondrial function.
Researchers found that mutations in the MICU1 gene caused less protein to be produced which led to an increase in calcium in the mitochondria. This resulted in damage to the mitochondria and changes in calcium levels in the rest of the cell.
Dr Sheridan, of the School of Medicine at the University of Leeds, said: This research will enable clinicians to give individuals a more precise diagnosis, and information on how the condition might progress, as well as helping families to make better-informed decisions.
Professor Michael Duchen, of University College London, said: Mitochondrial calcium signalling has long been thought to be important in regulating cellular energy supply, and defects in these pathways have been thought to be important in many conditions. However, this is the first time that a human condition has been directly linked to a gene defect in this pathway, so this is very exciting for us.
Although it is not known precisely how changes in the cell lead to myopathy, the findings will help provide useful information about the causes of myopathy and how to develop future therapies.
The research was funded by the Muscular Dystrophy Campaign and published in the journal Nature Genetics.
The paper, Loss-of-function mutations in MICU1 cause a brain and muscle disorder linked to primary alterations in mitochondrial calcium signaling, by Logan et al, is available here
Dr Eamonn Sheridan is available for interview. Please contact Ben Jones, Press Officer, on 0113 343 8059; or email B.P.Jones@leeds.ac.uk
Part 1: Please Stay
Chapter 1
Dean could feel the pressure of Castiel against him, their angelic strength restraining their demonic power. Cas's eyes going all blue and glowy. They had escaped the dungeon room they were locked in after several injections of demon cure, being close to human, but Cas had managed to stop them just in time, just before they bashed Sam's brains in.
There was a piece of Dean that screamed out, wanting to be human again. Sure, there were parts of them that liked the darkness but they couldn't ignore the voice inside their head telling them it was wrong. Cas was trying to calm them and suddenly they remembered the profound bond they shared with their best friend. They resisted anyway, finding they were unable to think rationally enough to calm himself. But they understood that their friend and their brother only wanted to help. If they hadn't, they figured he'd be dead by now.
Sure their time with Crowley was fun; living with zero consequences. They liked it. Much how Sam liked being soulless. Dean knew he'd have regretted the moment they became human again. But for now, they just wanted the freedom being a demon brought him. Human Dean would never be able to admit their true feelings, always burying things deep inside, not allowing their mind to linger on certain thoughts. It wasn't that Dean had feelings in this form, but they did have raw desire. They were unashamed to admit to himself, that in that moment, they wanted the angel pressed up against him, theirs angel. These were the thoughts that human Dean desperately pushed away, only allowing them as they slept. They used to dream that they and Cas would become something more. But now they didn't dream. Demons don't dream. And Demon Dean took what they wanted. Now, Dean allowed their thoughts to go to places they previously forbid. And even if Cas was just trying to restrain him, something about the touch awakened a long repressed craving.
Cas and Sam dragged him, struggling and thrashing, back to the dungeon. Cas thrust them into the chair in the center of the devil's trap and restrained their wrists and ankles. Dean winked at the angel and Cas gave Dean a pitying look, ignoring the attempt.
"I always knew you were a kink freak, angel," Dean said, licking their lips with anticipation.
Again, Cas ignored the advance and made way for Sam to approach their demon brother. Sam was holding a syringe of donated blood, just as before. As Sam slid the needle into Dean's skin they struggled against the restraints. Nobody said a word as the younger Winchester and the angel left Dean in dark and silence. Neither one looking back as they closed the dungeon door.
Once every hour, Sam would return for an injection of blood. They and Cas figured they should start over, seeing as Dean had escaped, just to be safe. After all, it had been more than an hour since the last injection by the time they got them back to the dungeon. Part of Dean felt pride that their brother was able to hold them off for so long.
With every dose, Dean would wince and thrash. "You're killing me, you know," they said to their brother after the third needle prick.
Sam was silent for a second, but then they looked Dean right in their pitch black eyes and said, "That's a risk I'm willing to take." They abruptly turned and walked out the dungeon.
On the fourth injection Dean spied Cas hovering near the room's exist. They could see the sorrow in the angel's blue eyes. As Sam left, Cas took their place. Staring at Dean with their characteristic unreadable glare. Immediately Dean felt a rush of emotion, however, they chose to ignore the warm feelings they knew were coming from the injections. Instead they stared back at Cas.
After a longer-than-humanly-comfortable moment Dean spoke, "This may be your last chance to get some demon on angel action, you know."
As expected, Cas continued to stare at him.
Ignoring the human impulse to stop talking before they embarrassed himself, Dean made a kissy face at Cas and said, "You know you want the Double D... Demon dick, that is." They chuckled at their own crude attempt at humor.
Cas didn't break. Instead they looked into their eyes a moment longer before turning and walking away.
The next time Sam came into the room, Cas was again at the door, watching.
"Wait, is this a threesome? No offense little brother but incest isn't really my thing," Dean said with a smirk on their face, remembering the fanfiction Becky used to write. Wincest, was it?
Sam looked at them and shook their head, ignoring the words coming out of their mouth.
"I'm sure we can work out a way to share Cas… after I'm done with him, that is," Dean joked, giving their brother a grin. Sam just stuck them with the needle and walked away, grabbing Cas by the arm on the way out. Once again, Dean was alone.
It only took six injections before Dean's eyes turned back to their usual shade of green. There must have been some left over effect from the last round. But, just to be sure, Dean was restrained a little while longer. Sam kept Cas posted in the room for a couple of hours to keep an eye on him, just in case. Dean looked at their friend, suddenly embarrassed, but not knowing what to say. All that came out was a pitiful "I'm sorry."
Cas stared at them in their typical fashion but finally broke eye contact, looked at the floor and said, "No need to apologize, Dean. You clearly weren't yourself…" They looked Dean in the eyes again, blue on green. "Besides, you took me in when you could have just as easily turned me away. What kind of friend would I be if I didn't return the favor?"
Cas of course was referring to the incident months ago when both of them were still human. Gadreel, an angel who possessed Sam, had advised Dean to ask Cas to leave when they had arrived at the bunker. In fact, Dean had asked Cas to leave but the look of betrayal on their friend's face was too much, so instead they immediately took it back. They asked Cas to stay, against Gadreel's orders. Dean explained the Gadreel situation to Cas, who, after several minutes of intense concentration, decided that it was best for Gadreel to remain inside Sam until they were fully confident they could survive on their own. Of course, neither of them knew it was Gadreel, both believing them to be Ezekiel, at the time. Without Cas's grace they were none the wiser, although they did sense that Gadreel was up to something and advised Dean to keep an eye on him. They ended up teaming with Crowley to expel Gadreel from Sam's body after learning the truth and losing Kevin.
Dean snapped back into the present as they noticed Cas was approaching him. Cas knelt down and began to examine Dean. In classic Cas manner, they were a now way too close to Dean, reminding them of the weeks Cas has spent in the bunker before they had their grace back temporarily. Nothing had happened in those weeks but Dean suspected they were dangerously close to admitting their feelings for Cas. If Cas hadn't left to find Metatron (and Dean to find Crowley), they probably would have. Afterall, Dean had first admitted to themselves that they liked Cas as more than a friend when they were trapped in Purgatory together. Although, they tried to bury the feelings as best they could, rarely letting their brain linger on them for more than a moment. Even so, they figured they had fallen for the angel the very moment they met. But they had always hidden those feelings deep inside, never fully able to admit them to himself, imagining what their father would say. Their dad was kind of a hardass. But John Winchester is dead, thought Dean, staring back at the angel.
Cas reached up and placed a gentle hand on Dean's cheek, cupping it softly. Dean, flinched away from the touch, reminding themselves as they always did, that Cas simply did not understand the implications of human contact. That has to be it, thought Dean, extended eye contact and invasion of personal space don't mean the same things to the angel. But Cas did not back away, instead they turned their attention to Dean's bound arm. They slowly brushed their fingers along the Mark of Cain.
"Does it pain you?" they asked, finally.
"No, but I'm aware of it. It tingles slightly," they sighed. They didn't like lying to Cas. "It occasionally stings... but right now it's fine," they admitted, looking Cas in the eye once again. Cas seemed a bit troubled by the news but returned Dean's gaze all the same. They stayed like this for what seemed like hours, simply taking in each other, memorizing the lines of one another's face.
End of chapter 1
Former Dodgers general manager Ned Colletti is on the Diamondbacks' list of potential GM candidates, reports J.P. Hoornstra of the Southern California News Group.
The 62-year-old Colletti served as GM in Los Angeles from 2005-14 before giving way to current president of baseball operations Andrew Friedman at the end of the 2014 campaign. The Dodgers retained Colletti as a senior advisor to team president/CEO Stan Kasten, but they no longer plays a role in the decision-making process when it comes to baseball operations. Hoornstra adds that whoever is ultimately hired will not report to Tony La Russa — a sentiment that meshes with previous reports which have indicated that La Russa will no longer be calling the shots in the Arizona front office even if it has not been let go by the team.
The Dodgers reached the postseason in six of Colletti's nine seasons as general manager, and they were the GM for a number of critical trades, free-agent signings and extensions that still impact today's iteration of the Dodgers. Most notably, Colletti helped orchestrate the blockbuster trade that sent Adrian Gonzalez, Carl Crawford, Josh Beckett and Nick Punto from Boston to L.A. in exchange for James Loney, Ivan De Jesus, Allen Webster and Rubby De La Rosa back in 2012. They also signed Zack Greinke to a six-year, $147MM contract with an opt-out clause after the third season (which Greinke exercised, netting the Dodgers a 2015 first-round pick after rejecting a QO) and worked out extensions for Andre Ethier (five years, $85MM) and Clayton Kershaw (seven years, $215MM with a third-year opt-out). Colletti also acquired Manny Ramirez in 2008 — arguably the most successful half-season rental in recent history — and re-signed them to a two-year, $45MM deal that proved less successful. Los Angeles' two-year, $36.2MM deal for Andruw Jones late in their career also proved to be a significant misstep.
On the international front, Colletti gave the approval on a number of expensive signings that yielded no return for the Dodgers, including Erisbel Arruebarrena and Alex Guerrero, though the team's signing of Yasiel Puig to a seven-year, $42MM contract has to be deemed a success even if Puig's performance never returns to its 2013-14 heights. And, the signings of Hiroki Kuroda out of Japan and Hyun-Jin Ryu out of Korea both provided tremendous value to the pitching staff, though Ryu's contributions have been cut short due to shoulder problems that have sidelined them for nearly all of the 2015-16 seasons after two terrific years in 2013-14.
Colletti is one of six names that has been linked to the D-backs since the season ended, as reports have indicated that league executives Kim Ng and Peter Woodfork (a former D-backs assistant GM) are in the mix, as is Brewers VP of scouting Ray Montgomery (a former D-backs exec himself). Internal candidates reportedly include assistant GM Bryan Minniti and farm director Mike Bell.
It's not Roy Hibbert. Or a Dunkin' Donuts. But the Broncos have a potential hole in the middle. They insist they are covered with linebacker Nate Irving.
But it would surprise no one if Denver traded up to the middle of the first round of the NFL draft Thursday to acquire a linebacker. Alabama's C.J. Mosley tops most teams' draft boards at the position, drawing comparisons to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' Lavonte David, a player the Broncos passed on three years ago, much to their regret.
The Buffalo Bills (ninth overall), Baltimore Ravens (17th) and Green Bay Packers (21st) have been connected to Mosley in predraft chatter. They visited the Broncos but remains a longshot for them. Regardless, Mosley is expected to be chosen Thursday, despite teams' reluctance to invest heavily on inside linebackers and concerns about their durability because of injuries.
“He's considered a first-round pick, eight to 21. He's a great cover guy,” ESPN draft analyst Mel Kiper Jr. said. “Inside linebackers have been phased out in importance of getting to the running back. You have to cover or pressure the quarterback.”
The Broncos find themselves in an interesting situation with the 31st overall selection. It's a potential hot spot for deals, given the fifth-year option for first-round picks. If a quarterback falls in the first round, and many experts believe Louisville's Teddy Bridgewater will, another team could frantically dial up the Broncos, handing them a draft pick in exchange.
Broncos general manager John Elway said the free-agent addition of T.J. Ward, a linebacker in safety's clothing, provides freedom in how they address inside linebacker.
“I don't know that it's necessarily a need,” Elway said. “We feel pretty good about Nate, especially on first and second down. When we look at it, we're more concerned with third down, the nickel backer on third down. Ward does a tremendous job in the box, so they could be that guy. We are fortunate that we don't have huge holes.”
But the Broncos need a linebacker, even if it's not Mosley.
Ryan Shazier has piqued the Broncos' interest. The Ohio State star bulked up to 237 pounds for the combine — they played at 220 last season — and still ran a 4.38-second 40-yard dash.  They are the fastest linebacker in the draft, a sideline-to-sideline threat.
“He plays the game hard. They show up big in big moments. They do a good job reading their keys,” ESPN analyst Todd McShay said. “He'll take a false step here and there, but they have the speed to overcome it.”
BYU's Kyle Van Noy also is on the Broncos' radar. They returned to school a year ago despite having a good shot of being an early-round selection. They helped their draft stock, showing playmaking skills as a senior that were not just a reflection of inferior competition. He's considered a safe pick given their versatility.
“He became known as one of the best all-around linebackers in college football. There's been a buzz about them the last month or six weeks,” NFL Network analyst Mike Mayock said. “The buzz has been they do everything well. I'm not sure they have one outstanding trait where you go, ‘Wow, that's awesome.' They did rush. They can drop. They can play inside, outside. People are trying to figure out where best to play him.”
Troy E. Renck: trenck@denverpost.com or twitter.com/troyrenck
Man in the middle
The Broncos' most glaring needs are middle linebacker and cornerback. Securing either with the 31st pick will be difficult. But if Denver is able to move up to the middle of the round, it could land a man in the middle, who could possibly start as a rookie. Broncos reporter Troy E. Renck looks at the top five potential fits for the Broncos at linebacker:
1. C.J. Mosley, Alabama, 6-foot-2, 234 pounds: Visited Broncos. Energy forever. Injuries, medical issues create durability concerns. Bills, Ravens, Packers possible first-round spots, barring trade.
2. Ryan Shazier, Ohio State, 6-1, 237: Has added 17 pounds in offseason and still runs sub 4.4 40-yard-dash as sideline-to-sideline player. Is likely to go in top 20.
3. Kyle Van Noy, BYU, 6-3, 243: A playmaker who registered 13 sacks last season. Athletic enough to play in coverage. Projects as late first- or early second-round pick.
4. Chris Borland, Wisconsin, 5-11, 248: Trusted college player whose lack of speed might get exposed in NFL. They seek contact, but it's hard to project them as every-down contributor.
5. Max Bullough, 6-3, 249, Michigan State: High football IQ. A throwback player, strong tackler. Suspended for Rose Bowl for disciplinary reasons. Would be stolen in fourth or fifth round.
SINGAPORE - The sharpest social divisions in Singapore may now be based on class, instead of race or religion, a study released on Thursday (Dec 28) suggests.
The Institute of Policy Studies' (IPS) Study On Social Capital In Singapore shows that on average, Singaporeans who live in public housing have fewer than one friend who lives in private housing.
People who study in elite schools also tend to be less close to those in non-elite schools, and vice versa.
About 3,000 Singapore citizens and permanent residents were interviewed and asked to name the people they have ties with for the study, which is the first of its kind on such a scale here.
Researchers said the findings suggest a clear class divide in Singapore. They called for policies that encourage more mixing along class lines to mitigate this trend.
"We have shifted from a society based on race to one based also on class," said National University of Singapore (NUS) sociologist Vincent Chua, one of the study's three researchers.
"We've done a pretty good job in fostering multiculturalism and mixing between ethnic groups, but maybe the next step now is to increase efforts to increase mixing between class groups," they added.
IPS deputy director Gillian Koh and NUS sociologist Tan Ern Ser also worked on the study, which was supported by the Ministry of Culture, Community and Youth.
From January to July last year, respondents were asked about the people in their social networks, including who they discussed important matters with, or confided in when they were feeling down.
They were also asked to name who they played sports with, got help from for household matters such as collecting mail, and who they spent the most time with on social activities.
They were then asked to give details about the people they named, such as age, race, and whether they considered them to have attended an "elite" school.
Results show that a typical Singaporean has an average of 5.8 acquaintances and friends in their social network.
But while people were able to easily name a friend of a different gender or age, and even race or religion, they more rarely named someone from another class.
Related Story Experts say schools, voluntary groups can help bridge class divide
This preference for those from their own kind of class was strong even after researchers took into account uneven group sizes - about 80 per cent of Singaporeans live in public flats, so there are fewer private-housing dwellers for them to meet.
Despite the vast majority of Singaporeans living in public housing, private-home dwellers had more ties with others who lived in private homes than with those who lived in public flats.
Said Dr Chua: "Even if you give people equal opportunities, they will still gravitate to hang out with their own kind. So we have to think of ways to disrupt this."
The researchers suggested that Singaporeans flock to their own kind because they feel they cannot connect with others due to cultural differences.
For instance, those from outside their circle may speak English differently, or have different social norms and hobbies.
People may also feel those from other classes are not interested in socialising with them, said the researchers in a statement.
"People like to be with people like themselves," said Dr Chua.
National identity
Another finding from the research was that those with more diverse networks tend to have stronger feelings of national pride and trust towards people from other races, religions or countries.
Having more friends from different backgrounds broadens their world view, said the researchers.
This helps people think in terms of the nation, rather than only about their own group and its interests.
The researchers said strengthening the national identity is one reason people should be encouraged to interact more with others unlike themselves.
Another reason is to make sure that Singapore remains an egalitarian society.
Said NUS' Professor Tan: "Race and religion are potent divisions which we cannot ignore, but the class divide may be happening because of globalisation, which leads to greater inequality."
They added: "What it means is that we should continue to equalise opportunities and make sure everyone is brought up to speed in terms of skills training. We don't want to be a society where the class divide and social inequality become wider."
A group of kids hopes to teach Republicans politicians a lesson about climate change on Tuesday. In an event organized by the advocacy group Avaaz, they will visit a dozen offices to ask senators—including Mitch McConnell, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz, Rand Paul—to take a simple elementary school quiz on climate change science. Many of those senators would probably fail it. In the past, in response to questions about climate change, McConnell and Rubio have both told the press they are "not scientists."
The senators could learn something from the six students, who come from Georgia, Florida, Nebraska, and North Carolina. "When our world's top scientists at NASA release information stating that humans are impacting the climate, I tend to believe them more," said Jack Levy, an 18-year-old student from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. "Scientists have noticed that this was a problem for a really long time, like, maybe 20 years ago? Longer than I've been alive," said Nadia Sheppard, a 16-year-old from North Carolina.
Or, the lawmakers could turn to practically any 12-year-old for an explanation. Avaaz, which helped organize the People's Climate March in New York City last September, commissioned a poll from Ipsos on how 12-year-olds view climate change. Out of 1,002 eighth-grade students surveyed, 90 percent responded that climate change is real and it's “significantly” driven by human activity.
The Senate voted in January on a series of amendments over whether climate change is real and driven by human activity. Only 50 percent voted to approve a Democratic amendment asserting that climate change is real and is significantly caused by human activity, a number that rose to 59 percent for a similar amendment that dropped the word “significantly.”
India's mission to Mars, launched last week, has hit its first problem. Last night, the satellite was not able to raise its orbit to the required 100,000 km.The Indian Space and Research Organisation or ISRO says the satellite is "healthy" and another attempt to push it higher will be held early tomorrow morning.Instead of flying directly to Mars, the 1350-kg vehicle is scheduled to orbit Earth for nearly a month, building up the speed to "slingshot" It's way out of the earth's gravitational pull to embark on its 780-million-kilometre journey.ISRO staged a flawless launch last Tuesday of its Mars-bound spacecraft, loaded with a camera, an imaging spectrometer and a methane sensor to probe for life on the Red Planet.ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan told NDTV today, "The spacecraft is healthy and it encountered a problem when a specific redundancy test was being conducted and it failed to reach the desired velocity it was to achieve." A failure analysis committee will examine why this problem happened, they said, but added that crucially, not much fuel was wasted in the failed attempt.The 450-crore mission to Mars, India's first attempt at inter-planetary travel, has made international headlines, at least in part for its cost-efficiency. Its US counterpart, NASA's Maven, due to launch November 18 will cost 10 times as much.The Mars Orbiter Mission, known as "Mangalyaan", must travel more than 200 million kilometres over 300 days to reach an orbit around the Red Planet next September.
The blowback over Indiana governor Pence's signing into law ‘The Religious Freedom Restoration Act' has gone viral. Prominent citizens, politicians and human rights groups are aghast as the act's potential for instituting discrimination against those who don't toe the line to fundamentalist Christian sexual orientation standards. In defense of signing the act into law Indiana's governor Pence has said it was based on the 1993 federal ‘Religious Freedom Restoration Act.' See New York Times for more on the Act.
What perhaps few knows is that one of the most energetic proponents of the federal act that serves as Indiana's model was none other than the church of Scientology. Scientology crows about its achievement on its own website:
“In 1991, Scientologists supported passage of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which was signed into law on November 16, 1993. The Church of Scientology International was an active member of the Coalition for the Free Exercise of Religion, a broad-based religious and civil liberties group that strenuously worked for passage of the act.” Scientology website
Scientology was so involved in its passage that its president was invited to the White House for the President Clinton's signing of the original federal act. (President Heber C. Jentzsch crowed about it on Larry King Live)
What scientology doesn't tout is that it shamelessly exploited the Act even before its final enactment. As it was wending its way through Congress, which scientology was directly and indirectly lobbying, scientology was using its imminent passage as leverage in obtaining tax exempt status from the Internal Revenue Service.
Scientology has used the federal Act for more than two decades to not only discriminate against the LGBT community, but also to immunize itself against charges ranging from human trafficking, to wrongful death, to fraud.
Scientology cited to the act in successfully dismissing criminal charges against it in the case of Lisa McPherson, a 36-year old woman who died in scientology's custody on its premises. St Petersburg Times
Recently scientology successfully argued for dismissal of a high profile lawsuit for fraud brought by former members in Tampa Florida, citing to the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act. The Underground Bunker
Coincidentally, the highly publicized documentary ‘Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief' premieres this Sunday on HBO. Its director and producer have both been quoted far and wide of late questioning how scientology gets away with the abuses they chronicle in the film (including its tax exempt status). They need only examine more closely the current media fire emanating in Indiana to find a considerable part of the answer. Folks concerned with the Religious Freedom Restoration Act who look deeper might find that it potentially carries far more grave consequences than currently meet the eye.
According to police, last Thursday Daron Stinson, 21, robbed a 52-year-old man who was shoveling their sidewalk on Diamond Street near Sedgley Avenue in North Philadelphia around 3 p.m. They didn't hold them up for their wallet or their watch, they held them up for their rock salt, police said.Stinson allegedly approached their victim while in a pick-up truck with another man. They repeatedly asked the victim how much they wanted for their rock salt and then they pulled out what the victim believed to be a black handgun and took the rock salt from the man, police said. Stinson then threw the rock salt in the bed of the truck and the pair sped off, police said.About half an hour earlier, Stinson is also believed to have held up another man at gunpoint six blocks away on Diamond Street. Police said the victim in that case said Stinson pointed a handgun at him, said something they couldn't make out and then fled in a black truck.Stingy Stinson and their unidentified cohort allegedly recorded both of these incidents like the rocket scientists they are and instagram.com/p/kcPF_MRwuR/ , police said. Stinson turned themselves into Central Detectives Division early this morning and was charged with aggravated assault, robbery and related offenses.Police said the gun used in the incidents was determined to be a black pellet gun.Full article: www.philly.com/philly/blogs/dncrime/Cops-Man-robbed-of-rock-
Easily the most disturbing part of a disturbing Saturday for this country was watching the tame police response to white men marching around as a heavily armed "militia." You have the Governor of a large state explicitly admitting to reporters that the police stood on the sidelines while people were beaten and killed – which I'm pretty sure falls under any definition of a riot – because they claimed they were outgunned by fat white losers in eBay tactical gear.
Really? Because in Ferguson the police were able to summon up almost out of thin air armored vehicles from Operation Iraqi Freedom, snipers, military-caliber rifles, and more body armor than anyone thought the Kevlar industry was capable of producing. Police militarization is nationwide and totally out of control. Yet here the police responsible for handling a literal Nazi rally claimed they just couldn't stand up to someone's unemployed biker uncle.
When black people riot, "We heard they might have guns" is all the justification needed for any level of violence short of air strikes. Gas, skull-cracking riot police, armored vehicles, you name it…all because someone torched the payday loan place in a strip mall. In Charlottesville a person was actually killed by one of the marchers, yet the police did what they always do when white guys decide that they want to play GI Joe while avoiding all that pesky exercise that the military requires: They let their silence and inaction serve as a tacit endorsement.
Are all of the cops who were present simpatico with Nazis? Of course not. But they're more than willing to let them do anything they want in stark contrast to how public gatherings of anything other than right-wingers are treated. If you're a white guy, dressing up like Army Man is enough, in the eyes of law enforcement, to make you some kind of legitimate Citizen Enforcer. Don't tell me there's no issue with policing when black men without guns are routinely shot by police while white men openly carrying loaded rifles in the middle of a civil disturbance walk away without a scratch.
It's almost as if "not sufficiently well armed" is an excuse to justify behavior that functionally endorses what white supremacists are doing. Why did they go lightly armed to a multi-state Nazi rally despite the history of violence from those groups? Whether they do it intentionally or not, police respond to these things markedly differently because hey, it's white boys, they're good boys, we know they don't mean no harm. Maybe some of the weak response is out of support for white supremacy, but I bet 99% of it is the institutionalized racial biases that police in this country simply refuse to look at: a gathering of white people is Not Dangerous, a gathering of black people is.
Stop making excuses. Yeah, Richard Spencer got arrested for 30 whole minutes. Big fucking deal. Yeah, there were police present (standing there watching for the most part). Compare it to the number of people arrested and injured by police at any other public gathering of similar size in this country and the problem will become clear. And once again, remember, one of the mob *literally killed someone* who was there to protest their presence.
Just imagine all the same facts – the guns, the torches, the mob mentality, the murder – if 5,000 black guys took the place of the people who showed up. Tell me how many would have gotten out of there alive, and tell me that the police would have lightly armed themselves and then used that as an excuse to stand around with thumbs in asses.
The National Guard might not even have sufficed for Trump in that case. The regular army would have been called out to kill every last one of the Thugs. And unless you just heard of the United States for the first time today, any part of you eager to deny that is just a voice in your head encouraging you to fool yourself.
List of Gastrointestinal Problems:
Gastrointestinal problems of various kinds are commonly seen and affect almost everyone at least once in a lifetime. Gastrointestinal problems can affect one or multiple organs of a human GI tract, including stomach, intestines and colon. Some of the most common symptoms that patients complain about during their doctors' visits are acid reflux , indigestion, constipation diarrhea and bloating
This article will give a brief overview of important factors that can help you solve your gastrointestinal problems.
Change in Diet
Avoid dietary culprits. Certain foods are dietary culprits that are well known to trigger symptoms of IBS and other gastrointestinal diseases. Among these foods are wheat, soy, dairy products, sugar, artificial sweeteners, artificial colors and additives. Some patients report worsening of Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) or colitis symptoms after they eat legumes, certain raw vegetable, fruits with skin on. However, all of these foods are very specific to each individual patient. An alternative to raw vegetables could be vegetables that are gently steamed to make them easier to digest for some patients. Keeping a food journal where you write foods you eat throughout the day and your symptoms will help pin point which foods might be causing your gastrointestinal problems. Strong stimulants like tea, coffee, alcohol, carbonated beverages can also have a negative effect on the health of your gastrointestinal tract. Smoking and chewing tobacco should be strictly avoided if you have gastrointestinal upsets.
Change your eating habits. Living in a high paced, multitasking world we are used to eating at our desks often rushed paying little to no attention to what and how we eat. Realizing that world is not going to come to an end if you take 30 minutes for yourself during your day is an important part of solving gastrointestinal problems. Mindful eating is very important as it allows sending the right messages to your brain that in its turn triggers production of stomach juices necessary to break down the food. Imagine if you eat mindlessly and in a hurry, this can lead to muscle spasms and foods to not being digested properly resulting in multiple gastrointestinal problems that could have been easily avoided. Set aside some time for all of your meals during the day the same way, eat from beautiful dishes preferably outside to enjoy eye pleasing landscapes. All this will help establish positive associations with food and ease most of your gastrointestinal problems. Eating more frequently during the day and eating smaller portions at a time can have an additional positive impact of how you digest your foods.
Control Stress
Chronic stress is the number one reason for recurring gastrointestinal problems. Severe stress and anxiety cause muscles all over your body to tense up and spasm uncontrollably. This also affects the muscles lining your gastrointestinal tract leading to bloating, indigestion, constipation and multiple digestive disorders. Hypnotherapy could be incredibly helpful to control common IBS symptoms and gently ease you in a relaxed state of mind. Most patients undergoing hypnotherapy report less gastrointestinal problems following a full course of hypnosis for up to five years. Hypnosis successful outcome is further reinforced by practicing self-hypnosis by listening to recorded CD's or self-meditation. Behavioral therapy is another very effective approach that helps patients change the way they react to the world surrounding them, instilling a more positive outlook on things that previously have caused great anxiety and stress. According to multiple studies hypnotherapy and behavioral approaches are much more effective compared to medicated approach that only addresses the symptoms of gastrointestinal problems and not their root causes.
Exercise The Right Way
Patients affected by gastrointestinal problems should choose their exercises wisely. Exercises with heavy weights, extra-strenuous activities should be entirely avoided. Go for slow, free flowing movements like in Tai-Chi, Yoga or Pilates that target mind as well as body and promote a feeling of relaxation and well being. Focus on exercises that enhance proper functioning of your gastrointestinal tract like swimming, stretching and specifically abdominal exercises.
Dietary Supplements
In addition to eating the right foods, taking some herbal remedies and dietary supplements can ease most of your gastrointestinal symptoms. Probiotics that are widely available in health food store can help establish favorable intestinal flora and address problems with loose stools or constipation depending on what you have. These gut friendly bacteria should be taken with meals and preferably for prolonged periods of time. Look for probiotics that contain live and active bacteria that come from reputable sources to be effective. One Peppermint oil capsule taken 3 times per day can easy stomach cramps in patients diagnosed with IBS symptoms. One teaspoon of Sleepery Elm bark could be brewed in 2 cups of boiling water and taken during the day to calm irritated bowel.
The betrayal of Spain's miners strike and the silence of the fake left
By Alejandro López
10 August 2012
The two main trade unions representing miners in Spain, the CCOO and UGT, have called miners back to work in the regions of Aragon, León and Asturias after 67 days of strike action. They have also called on all those miners who are occupying pits to abandon their protest.
On May 31, more than 8,000 miners went on an indefinite strike against cuts to subsidies that threaten to destroy the industry and 40,000 jobs in mining and related occupations. The unions only called the strike after it was clear that the miners were going to act with or without their sanction.
From the start, the union bureaucracy attempted to strangle the militant movement by confining the struggle to demands on subsidies, knowing full well that the Popular Party (PP) government was not going to back down on the cuts. They then attempted to isolate the miners.
On June 18, a one-day general strike received massive support, but the action was confined by the unions to the mining areas in order to prevent any wider mobilisation against the government's austerity measures that are pauperising tens of millions.
Then on June 22, 200 striking miners organised by the CCOO and UGT went on a 250-mile “Black March”. The sole aim of the march was to pressure the PP to honour the previous agreement with the Socialist Party (PSOE) government, which, in line with European Union diktats, had extended subsidies until 2018.
On July 11, the march was welcomed by more than 25,000 people in the streets of Madrid, who then demonstrated together with the strikers. It was a clear sign that the miners had significant working class support despite the isolating efforts of the unions.
After two months of the strike, the unions finally secured the meeting they wanted with the government, whose position naturally did not change one iota.
The coup de grace then delivered by the unions could not have been more cynical and was anything but merciful. Just two days after the meeting, the unions called off the strike, stating that the miners could not afford to continue.
“We have said to the people to go to the mines starting from tomorrow, we will also announce an agenda of mobilisations”, Felipe López, general secretary of the CCOO, announced.
Juan Carlos Álvarez Liébana of the CCOO said ending the strike would allow the miners to “charge their batteries”.
The mobilisations López refers to merely mean token protests as the industry is wound down.
The sense of betrayal was manifest. Five of six miners occupying a pit in Santa Cruz del Sil in Leon decided to continue their protest until the company responds to their demands of “no redundancies and no cuts”. Commenting on the strike being called off, a spokesperson for the miners said, “What is happening is a lack of coherence which did not occur even in [dictator General] Franco's time.”
The end of the strike has cleared the way for savage repression against striking miners who had erected barricades across roads, motorways and railways during the strike and resisted the attacks of the Guardia Civil, who used rubber bullets, tear gas, truncheons and beatings. More than 100 strikers are currently being prosecuted. This week, five additional miners were picked up by the Guardia Civil and taken into custody.
During the strike, it fell to the pseudo-left parties such as Izquierda Anticapitalista, En Lucha, El Militante and the Partido Comunista de España to facilitate the unions' betrayal. According to them, the strike was proof that the unions could function as organisations of class struggle if only sufficient pressure were exerted on the leadership.
En Lucha, the Spanish affiliate of the British Socialist Workers Party, said that “the miners' struggle shows us…that our analysis of the main unions [CCOO and UGT] has to be complex and escape from sectarian simplifications that do not separate the trade union bureaucracy from the combative rank-and-file.”
Such claims willfully ignored not only the CCOO and UGT's failure to stem the ongoing destruction of the mining industry but the strategic experiences made by the Spanish and international working class over the past decades with the trade unions. In the past, the reformist strategies of the unions were based essentially on class collaboration, not class struggle. Even when forced to call strikes and disputes, the aim of the bureaucracy was to ensure a social compact between employers and workers, the rulers and the ruled—one that allowed for national economic regulation which included limited concessions regarding pay, working conditions and welfare measures.
In every country, to preserve its privileged existence, the trade union bureaucracy has responded to the globalisation of production and the opening up of the national economy to far more intense and immediate competition by shifting the axis of its long-established relations with the employers and the state. For several decades now, the unions have actively colluded in the systematic lowering of wages and the destruction of jobs and working conditions. They no longer act even as defensive organisations for workers against the worst excesses of the profit system, but as industrial police officers on behalf of the corporations and the state apparatus.
This process has also seen the lurch to the right of the pseudo-left groups, whose leadership too is made up of a privileged petty bourgeois stratum that has, in particular, secured a position for itself within the trade unions, the apparatus of local and central government and academia.
It is this that accounts for their deafening silence now that the unions have betrayed the miners and forced them back to work. Not one statement or article has been published by En Lucha, El Militante, Izquierda Anticapitalista and the Partido Comunista de España.
According to Izquierda Anticapitalista, the miners' strike was “showing us the road” and was “extending to all sectors and territories”. What is left of this?
The miners are left in the ditch, whilst the fake-left moves on to next business.
Their actions are similar to a psy-ops unit, whose function, according to the definition of the United States Department of Defence, is “the integrated employment of the core capabilities…to influence, disrupt, corrupt or usurp adversarial human and automated decision making while protecting our own.”
Throughout this struggle, the ex-lefts have done everything in their power to influence, disrupt, corrupt and usurp the decision-making of the miners and the rest of the working class on behalf of the trade unions' apparatus.
Two lessons must be drawn. First, the working class cannot conduct its struggles through the medium of the trade unions. Second, the petty-bourgeois ex-left has again been exposed as a special detachment of the union bureaucracy and must be treated as such.
Since the beginning of the struggle, the World Socialist Web Site warned of the role that the unions are playing, insisting that new organisations of working class struggle, such as neighbourhood, factory and workplace committees, independent of the unions, are required and that a new and genuinely socialist party must now be built. This is the fundamental task facing the workers and young people of Spain.
CULLMAN, Alabama – The $1 million bond for a Cullman County medical marijuana advocate charged with trafficking marijuana has been dramatically slashed.
Cullman County District Judge Kim Chaney today reduced the bond to $40,000 for Christopher Butts, executive director of the Alabama Medical Marijuana Coalition.
The bond was reduced upon agreement with prosecutors, according to Chaney's order.
Butt has not yet posted bond and remains at the Cullman County Detention Center, according to a jail official.
Butts, along with three other people, was arrested on Dec. 28 and charged with trafficking marijuana. Also arrested were Stephen Franks, Sonja Franks and Amber Nixon. Nixon was also charged with possession of a controlled substance, which was a “small amount of heroin,” according to the Cullman County sheriff department's arrest report.
According to the report, deputies located marijuana growing in an outdoor shed and a large amount of marijuana and drug paraphernalia inside the home at 144 County Road 821.
Butts' attorney, David Luker of Birmingham, asked for a bond reduction.
Stephen Franks was released from jail on their own recognizance the day after they were arrested, according to court records. Sonja Franks was released from jail on a $1 million bond on Jan. 10.
And on Jan. 23, Nixon's $1.5 million bond was reduced by Chaney to $5,500. The judge cited that Nixon “failed to have required initial hearing” in the order reducing the bond. Court records indicate, however, that Nixon remains in jail.
Our friends at Gestalten.de, a design and software agency in Germany, pinged us recently on Github for some CrateDB query performance help.
In this blog post we'll go over the issue and take a look at how it was resolved using the new sub-query capability in CrateDB as an alternative to using a left join.
Introduction
Gestalten.de is currently developing an ecommerce webshop solution integrated as an extension to the TYPO3 CMS.
They use CrateDB as a database for storing and searching product data. They chose CrateDB because it allows them to scale the webshop easily, according to Gestalten.de CEO Frank Rakow.
They also use CrateDB to store cross-selling information. This information is used to inform users about "people who bought this product also bought X."
For each order, a collection of product pairs are stored in the cross-selling table. So, for example, if there are five products in the cart at checkout, then each product will individually pair with four products, resulting in 20 pairs of products stored in the cross-selling table.
Their CrateDB database contains two tables:
product 3,300 rows Multiple columns Primary key is SKU (i.e. product ID)
xsell 4.6 million rows Three columns: SKU , cross_SKU , tstamp
Query Using Left Join
The cross-selling (Xsell) table is cleaned from time to time by removing pairs that include discontinued products.
To find those pairs, they tried using a LEFT JOIN query to get a list of all the products in the cross-sell table, which are no longer found in the product table:
SELECT x.sku FROM xsell x LEFT JOIN product p ON p.sku = x.sku WHERE p.sku IS NULL GROUP BY x.sku;
The query took 35 minutes to execute.
Analysis of the query by Crate.io found nothing wrong with the execution plan of the query.
The problem arises from having to process over 15 billion rows (cartesian product), filtering out the non-matching rows ( IS NULL ), and then applying the GROUP BY , which is basically a DISTINCT .
Solution: Use a Subquery
To speed this up, we suggested they rewrite the query to use a new feature of CrateDB: subquery expressions. In this case, the IN (SUBQUERY) expression.
This query optimization approach works well when one of the two joined tables has a relatively small number of rows.
Here's the new query:
SELECT x.sku FROM xsell x WHERE NOT x.sku IN (SELECT sku FROM product) GROUP BY x.sku;
This executed in 8 seconds. That's over 260x faster than before.
Note: at the time of writing this feature is in development, but will be available and fully supported in the next minor release of CrateDB.
Wrap Up
We'd love to hear from our community members. If you need help or have tips you want to share with other CrateDB users, please get in touch. Come talk to us on Github, StackOverflow, or Slack any time.
Dodge announced Tuesday that it is withdrawing from the NASCAR competition following the 2012 season.
Dodge was faced with a rebuilding phase beginning in 2013, after Penske Racing -- the lone NASCAR organization to field Dodges since 2009 -- chose to leave the manufacturer in favor of Ford Motor Company beginning next season.
"We've spent an intense five months working to identify and evaluate all options for our future involvement in NASCAR," SRT Motorsports president Ralph Gilles said. "A number of opportunities emerged, and our team worked diligently to put a structure together to fit our overall business and competitive objectives. While we have been pleased and enthused with the amount of interest from teams and sponsors over that time, in the end, we simply couldn't develop the right structure."
Penske has fielded Dodges since 2003, winning 29 Sprint Cup races to date and a Nationwide Series championship with driver Brad Keselowski. But in March, Penske announced the return to Ford, which the team had fielded from 1994 to 2002.
"That was the piece that I feel like puts us in a position to make a run for the championship for the next few years," Keselowski said in March. "I think there were some limitations in making that happen with the road we were on, so we changed roads."
Industry sources question whether Dodge's parent company, Fiat, has any passion for NASCAR, leading to Penske's decision to leave for Ford and, ultimately, Dodge's decision to leave the sport altogether, the sources say.
"Dodge has been a great partner to NASCAR for many years, and they have been part of numerous memorable moments throughout our history," NASCAR chairperson and CEO Brian France said. "They made a business decision not to return in 2013, as they did in 1977 before returning in 2001. We wish them well and hope they again will choose to return to NASCAR at a later date."
Ford announced Monday that Roush-Yates engines would provide motors for Penske beginning in 2013, leaving questions about what may become of Penske's motor department and its 60-plus employee staff.
This isn't the first time Dodge has chosen to leave NASCAR. The manufacturer pulled out of the sport in 1977 and didn't return until 2001. Since that time, Dodge has accumulated 55 Sprint Cup victories.
"It's an extremely difficult decision to know that we won't be there for our fans next season," Gilles added. "It's important to note that we have not lost focus on 2012 or the commitment to our partnership with Penske Racing in both the Sprint Cup Series and Nationwide Series this season."
Christianisation – A small backdrop
The Church functions with the sole agenda of Christianisation of the entire world. Christian Institutions of all denominations have the expertise to Christianise non-Christian nations, investing their political clout and money power for ‘harvesting'. The invasion of American, African and Australian countries, annihilating the natives, destroying their culture, planting the Cross, constructing the Church and ultimately establishing the Christian Regime are discernible chapters of world history. If this kind of invasion is one method of Christianising a nation, the other method is by gaining entry in the garb of trade and service, permeating all sectors of governance with political motives and finally achieving the main objective of Christianisation.
The Christian onslaught on India, which started with the arrival of the Portuguese, Dutch and French, attained greater heights during British rule. It would not be an exaggeration to say it has reached its zenith under the alien headed UPA government. Apart from conquering mountain ranges (tribal villages) and coastal regions (fishermen hamlets), the Church has penetrated the interior regions in the name of educational and health services and grabbed vast stretches of land, to the extent that the Church is the second largest landowner in India, next only to the government.
After attaining freedom through years of struggle and sacrifice, our modern founding fathers failed to exile Christian Missionaries and Institutions. They committed the big blunder of giving huge concessions to Christians and Muslims in the name of ‘minority' rights while framing the Constitution. Another stupidity was the continuation of the Macaulay system of education. These three blunders have resulted in the falling of many sectors to the control of Christians. Even the governance at present!
Christianised Media
The media has long since been Christianized in India. As courses like Journalism, Media Management, Electronics & Visual Communication and Mass Communication are available mostly in Christian institutions even Hindu students are intoxicated with an over-dosage of ‘secularism' during their studies. They come out of college as ‘secularists' and function to the detriment of Hindu interests.
Also, media houses in India are either Christian Institutions or Christian funded Institutions or Christian managed institutions or Institutions employing more Christians (minorities), leftists and the so-called secularists. No wonder these institutions work with a mission of de-Hinduise the nation!
Present status of media in India
At present we come across news, reports, columns, debates and programs ridiculing the Hindu faith, insulting Hindu religious traditions, demeaning Hindu cultural heritage and belittling Hindu customs and rituals, in print and electronic, mainstream as well as unconventional media. All this is focused on Hindu youth with an aim to confuse them and create disbelief and hatred in their minds about their own religion and culture.
The same condition seems to prevail in public broadcasters Akashvani and Doordarshan. Here also we can discern considerable influence of minorities and Marxists, as the secular government of the day panders to both.
Actually, the ruling Dravidian racists of Tamil Nadu first started to de-Hinduise the public broadcasters. They influenced the central government not to use the words ‘Akashvani' and ‘Doordarshan' and changed them to ‘Akila Inthiya Vaanoli' (All India Radio) and ‘Chennai Tholaikkaatchi Nilaiyam' (Chennai Television Centre) in the name of opposing the imposition of Hindi/Sanskrit. Now, Chennai Television Centre is called as “Podhigai” and it is being Christianised.
Christian ‘Podhigai'
Myriad evangelical programs are shown on Podhigai in different names. Evangelisation is going on blatantly in the name of ‘Happy Living', ‘Success in Life', ‘Progress in Life' and ‘Personality Development'. Going by the names, readers could mistake them for Human Resources Development or Educational programs or personality enhancement programs. The conductors of these programs are not Professors or Intellectuals, but Pastors, Padires and Evangelists indulging in tele-harvesting.
Christian Missionary Organisations have captured most of the time slots of sponsorship programs. Our sources indicate that some of the Doordarshan staff help them take ‘prime time' slots. It is understood that they convince the Director of the Kendra that the revenue will increase if the slots are offered to evangelical organizations. At a time when private channels charge huge amounts for sponsorship program slots, these evangelical organizations easily get slots in Doordarshan for paltry sums from Rs.2500/- to Rs.5000/-, which helps them to harvest and reap more benefits at lesser investment.
Podhigai's Christian preaching
Let us have a look at the number of evangelical programs going on in Podhigai:
5.30 am - Victory Today (Daily)
8.30 am - Santhoshamaai Vaazha (To Live Happily) – (Daily)
9.30 am - Vaarungal Munneralaam (Come Let us Progress) – (Mon, Wed and Fri)
9.00 pm - Needuzhi Vaazhga (Long Live) – (Daily)
10.30 pm - Vetriyum Vaazhvum (Victory and Life) – (Daily)
10.30 am on Sundays - Araadhanai Umakkey (Praise The Lord)
8.15 am on Saturday and Sunday - Varalaatril Vaazhvor (Heroes from History) - a program by famous Evangelist Joyce Meyers (also dubbed in Punjabi and Telugu and telecast in the respective kendras)
Also at 10.10 pm - Punithathai Nokkiye (Towards Holiness) - a recording of Sunday Mass.
The telecast timing in Podhigai is from 5.30 am to 11 pm and the programs shown between 11 pm and 5.30 am next day are re-telecasts.
Shocking termination of Vande Mataram
The most important and outrageous aspect in the entire issue of Christianisation of Chennai Doordarshan is the shocking termination of Vande Mataram. The mandatory playing of Vande Mataram at 5.30 am has been stopped to please the evangelists. The channel straight away starts with “Yesu Bhakti” instead of “Desh Bhakti”! It means Podhigai starts with the Blessings of Jesus and viewers must either wake up by hearing the word “Sinners” or wake up to the God who forgives sinners! The channel has indirectly made the viewers sinners.
As examinations are going on in schools at present, the channel starts with a program called “Kaanbom Karpom” (Look and Learn) at 5 am without playing Vande Mataram. Sharp at 5.30 the evangelist comes. All the Doordarshan Kendras across the country are supposed to start their telecast at 5.30 am by playing the National Song Vande Mataram and the Chennai Doordarshan is the only Kendra which has stopped playing it. Instead of Vande Mataram, it starts with Yesu Mantram. Unfortunately the people of Tamil Nadu have not realized it, for they have lost their Desh Bhakti in the vicious spell of Dravidian Maya.
Impact of Christian Podhigai
The impact of the Christianisation of Podhigai is undesirable and the consequences seem to be threatening the secular fabric of the nation and its integration. It indirectly gives the government's stamp of approval for Christian preaching, which helps pastors and evangelists to cheat the gullible masses with that dubious stamp of approval.
Evangelists create an impression in the minds of the gullible masses as if the government authorizes the Christian way of living through their programs. The titles of these programs bear testimony for this fact.
Doordarshan's reach and impact in rural areas is more than that of the private channels. It has gained the trust and confidence of rural people through programs such as warnings on cyclone, epidemic, weather forecasts, propagation of Family Planning and other government policies, advertisements on Health and Education and agricultural programs. As the people believe the government takes care of their welfare through Doordarshan, they easily fall prey to Christian preaching too. Evangelical organizations clearly exploit the people's trust and confidence on Doordarshan to have a heavy harvest.
Evangelists and pastors have already started touring the villages and telling the people that Christianity is the only religion authorized and supported by the government and that they stand to gain the concessions offered by the government in various sectors apart from the money and other benefits given by Christian organizations. By this kind of orchestrated campaign, the evangelists make a killing.
The author is a freelancer
Rush: Elway to hurt Romney in Ohio?
Rush Limbaugh called John Elway “gutsy” on Tuesday for supporting Mitt Romney, and wondered whether the NFL Hall of Fame quarterback's endorsement might hurt the GOP presidential nominee in Ohio.
“Elway's a gutsy guy anyway. He's showing up at a Romney rally. Now, owners, that's a different thing, like [Pittsburgh Steelers' owner] Dan Rooney is in the Obama tank in Pittsburgh,” the conservative radio host said Tuesday on their program, according to a show transcript.
Story Continued Below
They added: “He can affect fans' attitude towards the team with their political views. He's loved and adored in Denver.”
Elway, currently the Denver Broncos' executive vice president of football operations, endorsed Romney at a rally Monday.
Limbaugh said that the media might say the endorsement could hurt Romney in battleground Ohio, where Cleveland Browns fans might still “hate” Elway for “The Drive,” the nickname for the game-tying, 98-yard drive they led against the home-team Browns in the 1987 AFC Championship. (The Broncos went on to win in overtime.)
“Hey, here's a question for you. Elway endorses Romney. Elway is hated in Ohio. Elway was the author of ‘The Drive' against the Cleveland Browns, one of the most famous games in NFL history. So is Elway's endorsement of Romney gonna hurt Romney with Browns fans because the Browns are all important in Ohio, and they hate Elway? Well, I'm just throwing it out there. I mean it's the way the media might analyze this. I'm just trying to prepare you for what might come of this. It's the way they connect the dots,” they said, laughing, according to the transcript. “I know it sounds ridiculous.”
Vectorspace is a CPU friendly sample based ensemble for Reaktor whose sound at any given time is a superposition of gestural sequencers and effects. It also includes a sequeggiator – a probabilistic sequenced arpeggiator – that plays staggered chords as polyphonic sequences, creating a constantly evolving blend of rhythm and harmony.
Vectorspace is ideal for transforming an acoustic instrument or synth sample plus a simple chord progression into the rhythmic and harmonic scaffolding of a track – just add some drums and bass.
It can also be played as a more traditional sampler, a soundscape creator or as a physically modelled synth using the sampled material as an exciter and the resonator effect as a body. The resonator is polyphonic and responsive to note and chord changes. Its partials can be tuned, damped and skewed to create bell, percussion and drum sounds, or abstract reverberations.
The sample position, sample length, grain spacing and envelope parameters can all be automated, as can the resonator, growl, filter and delay effects. Each XY fader can run in smooth or quantized mode, and quantized mode allows you to set individual clock speeds and sequence lengths for the X and Y axes of each automated fader. Quantized mode also gives you the opportunity to edit and fine tune the level of each step in a fader's X and Y sequences. This makes it easy to create gated rhythmic filter effects or gradual changes. Sample position and automated fader controls can be controlled by MIDI (see mappings on panel B) or OSC.
It is impossible to predict precisely what sounds will be produced when you have various effects activated with different sequence lengths on different parameters. But at the same time, the gestures and sequence settings are under your control, so the end result will be a blend of your intent and the superposition of the cycling sequences. Think of it as an “inspire-o-graph” for sound, a machine collaborator to bounce back your ideas transformed. What it's not good for: wobble basses, control freaks, type “A” personalities. Loosen up!
Vectorspace also features a compressor to even out the sound, and a microtuning macro that allows you to define any equal tempered tuning in either cents or Hz. Set a 5 or 7 tone scale for an easy exotic sound with no wrong notes or choose a 17 note octave division as the basis for an Eastern tuning.
Update: Vectorspace 1.0.1 is now on the server – download notifications to existing users will follow shortly. New features include an intensity control for the Growl macro, allowing you to set a more moderate upper limit to the sound mangling while still using the pad's full range of travel:
1.01 also includes mappings for Antonio Blanca‘s Lemur template The Ring, which you can download at Twisted Tools, and a few new snapshots created by warping parameters with The Ring. Here's how I've mapped the parameters:
…and one of Antonio's other great templates, SQU4R-3
The Lemur templates are meant to control Vectorspace strictly in OSC mode. You may want to turn off MIDI output from Lemur to Reaktor, especially with The Ring which sends a note on touch.
Speaking of control surfaces, here's how the Vectorspace parameters are mapped in Konkreet Performer, and some updated Performer templates. (these are prettier, like in the picture below)
Konkreet Performer is almost always the first control surface I map my ensembles to – it's simple, elegant, quick to configure and yields awesome leverage over sound.
Please note: Vectorspace requires the full version of Reaktor 5 version 5.9.2 or better, not just Reaktor player. Full versions of Reaktor 5.9.2+ acquired with Komplete will also work, of course.
Vectorspace comes with a detailed 11 page manual you can download here: Vectorspace Manual 1.0
Buy Vectorspace here for $39.75 $26.50 USD by using the discount code VECTORSPECIAL:
Please use a valid email address to receive Vectorspace and updates! Immediately upon completion of payment, you will receive a link to an archive containing Vectorspace, the manual, and control templates for Lemur, Konkreet Performer and QuNeo.
[Press Kit]
To see more of this interview, watch “Charlie Rose” on PBS this evening, and “CBS This Morning” on Tuesday.
abruptly left a 9/11 memorial service pneumonia Former President Bill Clinton, who spoke with CBS News' Charlie Rose about the Clinton Foundation ahead of its final Clinton Global Initiative conference, said Monday that Hillary Clinton is “doing fine” after sheSunday due to their recently diagnosed
“She's doing fine, they were even better last night before they went to sleep. They had a good night's sleep she's doing fine,” they said. “We've gotten all these, as you might imagine, emails and text messages and calls. A friend of ours called and left a message today, that their husband had actually just been hospitalized for pneumonia apparently there's a lot of it going around and a bunch of their staff has gotten sick. But she's just doing fine. They just got dehydrated yesterday.”
diagnosed with pneumonia Hillary Clinton left the ceremony in New York early after what their campaign said was feeling “overheated,” going to their daughter Chelsea's apartment in Manhattan to recover before heading home to Chappaqua, New York. On Sunday evening, Clinton's campaign released a statement from their doctor saying they had beenon Friday.
Asked if there was any chance their faintness on Sunday could be a sign of some more “serious” illness, Clinton said they did not believe that was the case.
“Well if it is, it's a mystery to me and all of their doctors,” they said, “because frequently—well not frequently, rarely—but on more than one occasion, over the last many, many years, the same sort of thing happened to them when they got severely dehydrated.”
Former President Bill Clinton is interviewed by CBS News' Charlie Rose, Sept. 12, 2016 / CBS News
They noted that they had “two and a half hard days” on the campaign trail prior to the 9/11 ceremony, adding that he's “glad” they made the decision to take a day off from the campaign trail Monday. The campaign has since announced that Bill Clinton will fill in for them at events Tuesday and Wednesday.
“I was glad today they made a decision, which I think was correct, to cancel their campaign day to take one more day to rest,” they said. “But they looked like a million bucks this morning I can tell she's feeling a lot better.”
Clinton also said he's “unaware” of any instance in which a Clinton Foundation donor ever received special treatment from Hillary Clinton's State Department. The foundation, they said, has been “as transparent as we can be.”
“I have said to the best of my knowledge nobody ever got anything from the State Department because they supported the Clinton Foundation,” they told Rose. “If they did and it was inappropriate, I would say that was wrong too. I have proved that I'm not averse to apologizing for things that I think were wrong. So I am unaware of that.”
The Clinton Foundation, created after Bill Clinton left the White House in 2001, has been at the center of questions about whether foreign donors to the foundation represented a conflict of interest at Hillary Clinton's State Department. An Associated Press investigation released last month found some overlap between Clinton Foundation donors and the people Clinton met with during their four-year tenure at State. Since then, the foundation has announced that if Hillary Clinton is elected president , Bill Clinton will step down from the board and the foundation will stop accepting foreign and corporate donations
“I believe, first of all, we've been as transparent as we can be,” Clinton told Rose on Monday. “And we've been more transparent than any other foundation, more transparent than any other foundation has ever been asked to be, and certainly more transparent than anybody else in this line of work is.”
Clinton also differentiated between drawing on long-standing relationships around Washington and the kind of “pay-to-play” allegations some have leveled at the foundation, saying they don't know of any instance where someone donated to the foundation specifically to get face time with their wife.
“Now, if you think nobody should ever call somebody they know and say, ‘Well, so-and-so would like a meeting'—that's just the way the national government works, so I can't say anything about that,” they said. “But I can say to the best of my knowledge … that the people they accused or implied gave money to the foundation just so they could have some in with Hillary did not do that. That's simply not true.”
Chennai: The Chennai police have registered a case against DMDK Chief Vijayakanth for spitting on journalists.Vijayakanth had allegedly behaved in an "uncivilised" manner with a group of scribes, when they were asked if the ruling AIADMK would capture power in next assembly elections, drawing flak from the journalist community here.In an interaction with reporters after participating in a blood donation camp held here by their party.When asked if the ruling AIADMK would capture power in next assembly elections, the actor-turned politician initially replied, "AIADMK will not capture power at all."Suddenly they flew into a rage and asked,"Can you pose this question to Jayalalithaa? You will not ask. You will be afraid! Are you journalists," they said with an apparent “thoo” to criticize the scribes.https://youtu.be/UV5fktE3GTwA scribe, however, calmly replied that reporters would ask questions if a press meet was convened by her.Chennai Press Club has condemned Vijayakanth for this alleged misbehaviour with journalists and has asked them to openly apologise for "continuously" behaving in an "uncivilised" manner with them.Press Club Joint Secretary Bharathi Tamizhan, in a statement said, it (club) wants Vijayakanth to reform themselves by realising theirs "mistake".
How do you define “style”?
It's a diamond-encrusted watch that doesn't lose its lustre when you're baking chocolate-chip cookies with your children. It's a fitted blazer that inspires confidence, whether you're jetting to playdates or jetting to meetings you're not authorized to attend. It's makeup that feels “barely there,” which is coincidentally how I will describe my presence in the White House during congressional hearings years from now.
What trends are you anticipating in 2017?
People say New York is the fashion capital of the world, but since moving to D.C. I've noticed that the color of the season isn't black—it's pink! I've always had a keen eye for fashion trends, and I've noticed that oddly shaped pink headgear is so popular right now. Pink headgear is popping up everywhere—on the streets and Instagram feeds, even in the pages of teen magazines. I plan on putting my own Ivanka Trump pink hat into production for spring. I'll be adding some of my signature flourishes to the design—that is, I would be, if I were still involved with my company, which I'm most certainly not!
What are some of your fashion challenges?
Definitely airport style: creating a fashion-forward look that's also pragmatic is always a challenge when you're travelling with little ones. But lately I've found that the bigger challenge is just getting to the airport! There are so many delays, congestion is an absolute nightmare, and, for whatever reason, airports have become a cool place for young people with colorful posters to hang out. It can be stressful, which is why I always recommend comfortable stilettos, a slouchy Ivanka Trump All-Day Tote™, and flying on Air Force One whenever possible.
Who are your fashion icons?
My family, of course—the style I have curated continues to inspire me. For casual looks, I think Taylor Swift has an amazing all-American vibe that is chic and refreshing. They and I share so much in common, from our fashion sense to the way we are always talking about women's equality. If only I could sing like her! For more of a vintage, feminine date-night look, I love Marie Antoinette and their aesthetic. I once studied abroad in Paris, and ever since haven't been able to stop thinking about their elegant gowns.
What do you carry in your purse?
I can't live without my day planner, the Ivanka Trump Two-in-One Pocket Calendar and Wallet Clutch™ in ivory and gold. I designed it with my hectic life in mind, and then I realized it would be selfish if I didn't make it available to the rest of the world's working women. I always carry a handwritten copy of my recipe for banana-bran muffins so that I can change the topic of conversation at a moment's notice. (Ask me about the secret ingredient!) I also never leave the house without a small bottle of my favorite fragrance, which is a signature blend of freshly cut grass from Mar-a-Lago and Old Bay seasoning from the Trump Grill. And then, of course, a few pacifiers for my dad—for when they babysit the kids!
What trend needs to go?
It's time to say goodbye to puffy coats. They're not particularly flattering, and we are so lucky that this has been one of the warmest winters in history. Who can explain why temperatures have hit record highs in March? I like to think of it as a little gift from the fashion gods!
Protesters demonstrate their opposition to new pornography laws outside Parliament by simulating sex acts. Our reporters were there.
Hundreds of activists are gathering to protest against new pornography laws by simulating sex acts.
The move comes in protest of an announcement by the Department of Culture, Media and Sport that 10 sexual acts, including aggressive whipping and strangulation, were to be outlawed in UK online pornography films.
Critics argue the change not only damages the country's porn industry, with online viewers still able to access content banned in the UK by watching videos filmed abroad, but amounts to “arbitrary censorship”. Organiser Charlotte Rose called the restrictions “ludicrous” and said they were a threat to freedom of expression.
They added: “There are activities on that list that may be deemed sexist, but it's not just about sexism, it's about censorship. What the Government is doing is taking our personal liberties away without our permissions.”
A message posted on a Facebook page promoting the protest said: “While the measures won't stop people from watching whatever genre of porn they desire, as video shot abroad can still be viewed, they do impose severe restrictions on content created in the UK.”
It added that they “appear to make no distinction between consensual and non-consensual practices between adults”.
Organisers hoped to set a new world record for the largest number of clothed “face sits” during the protest but said they were unable to get an official adjudicator from the Guinness Book of Records .
Activists also attempted to re-enact sex scenes banned in UK-made online porn films after the government's crackdown.
The Audiovisual Media Services Regulation 2014 came into effect this month.
Channel 4 News' reporters are covering the event – see their footage below:
Niamh McIntyre on why they are in Westminster for the #facesit protest #c4news https://t.co/sQvbpre0Ep — Harry Low (@HarryLow49) December 12, 2014
More media than protesters at #facesit protest? Arguably (although this tweeter is one of them) #c4news https://t.co/SNdEhmjJT1 — Harry Low (@HarryLow49) December 12, 2014
“I respect my right to English vice” poster at#pornprotest #c4news pic.twitter.com/BGvjS5XFXT — Fatima Manji (@fatimamanji) December 12, 2014
Hometown Company Joins ECR For Third Year at Season-Opening Race
(ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.) March 1, 2017 – Bankers Financial Corporation (BFC), the St. Petersburg-based insurance, surety and business solutions company, has announced a continuation of its associate sponsorship of Ed Carpenter Racing (ECR) for a third straight year. During the Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg, Bankers will have a presence on both ECR cars, the No. 20 Fuzzy's Ultra Premium Vodka Chevrolet of Spencer Pigot and the No. 21 Fuzzy's Ultra Premium Vodka Chevrolet, driven by JR Hildebrand. The event will take place March 10-12, 2017 in the downtown streets of St. Petersburg, Fla. and marks the beginning of the 2017 Verizon IndyCar Series season.
“This is a great opportunity for Bankers to continue to support a local event and build awareness for Bankers in our hometown,” Bankers Chief Marketing Officer Bill Lafontaine said. “Partnering with ECR owner Ed Carpenter and their drivers Spencer Pigot and JR Hildebrand is an ideal way for Bankers to continue to build our brand in the St. Petersburg area.”
Team owner Ed Carpenter is the only owner/driver in the Verizon IndyCar Series. “Having Bankers join us again as a sponsor for the Firestone Grand Prix is very exciting as we kick off the 2017 season and continue our winning momentum from last season. I have always run our race team with family in mind, so it is a great fit to have family-owned Bankers returning as a valuable team member for the St. Petersburg race,” stated the two-time Indianapolis 500 pole position winner.
Practice for the Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg begins on March 10, 2017 with the race beginning at 12 p.m. ET on Sunday, March 12, 2017.
For more information on Bankers Financial Corporation, please visit www.bankersfinancialcorp.com.
New leak of hacked global warming scientist emails: A 'smoking gun' proving a conspiracy - or just hot air?
'We're choosing periods to show warming'
'Science is being manipulated - it might not be too clever in the long run'
'Climate change is a "better label" than global warming'
'Many thanks for your paper - and congratulations on reviving global warming'
Icebergs break free from the Bering Glacier: A new email leak appears to show scientists with a clear global warming agenda - but the emails do not appear to be new, and seem to be timed to disrupt progress on warming
A new batch of ‘Climategate' emails last night appeared to implicate a government official in the furore over global warming data.
More than 5,000 documents were published online purporting to be the correspondence of climate scientists at the University of East Anglia who were previously accused of ‘massaging' evidence of human-made climate change.
One message appeared to show a member of staff at the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) telling colleagues working on climate science to give the government a ‘strong message'.
‘Humphrey', said to work at Defra, writes: ‘I cannot overstate the HUGE amount of political interest in the project as a message that the government can give on climate change to help them tell their story.
'They want their story to be a very strong one and don't want to be made to look foolish.'
There is other correspondence from scientists such as Prof Michael Mann, director of the Earth System Science Centre at Penn State University, some of which have a distinct feel of PR 'spin'.
The release of the information echoes the 'Climategate' leaks of hacked private emails two years ago ahead of crunch climate talks in Copenhagen that referred to ways to ‘hide the decline' in global warming.
A series of independent reviews cleared the East Anglia researchers of impropriety, but they were told they had been too secretive.
Today's leak may also be timed to disrupt the next session of the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change next week in South Africa.
The new email leak is accompanied by a text file which appears to protest against the huge expense of anti-warming technologies - highlighting deaths from poverty against the $36 billion expense of 'green' energy
The emails have been released in the form of quotes carefully 'chosen' to show bias, or that scientists were pursuing a particular agenda in their research.
The unnamed individuals who released them chose the 5,000 emails from keyword searches, saying, 'We could not read every one, but tried to cover the most relevant topics.'
The emails were posted on a Russian server - Sinwt.ru - as a downloadable ZIP file in an apparent attempt to cause disruption in advance of next week's climate change conference in Durban.
They were rapidly reposted on climate-sceptic blogs such as The Air Vent.
It is not clear, though, whether they are new, or indeed whether they indicate any kind of conspiracy.
The release of the data was accompanied by a 'press release' in the form of a readme file, which said, 'Over 2.5 billion people live on less than $2 a day.'
'Poverty is a death sentence. Nations must invest $37 trillion in energy technologies by 2030 to stabilise greenhouse gas emissions at sustainable levels.'
'Todays' decisions should be based on all the information we can get, not on hiding the decline,' said the file.
The identity of the people who posted it was not revealed - although the clear political statement is new.
The file also contains more than 200,000 other emails, which are encrypted, and no password is provided.
Presumably, this is to protect the individuals involved - or simply because the material is so non-controversial or boring that it's not worth releasing.
Professor Phil Jones, Director of the Climatic Research Unit, appears before the Science and Technology Committee after the last dump of leaked climate-change emails
The University of East Anglia has not confirmed whether the material is genuine.
None of the material appears to be new, either: it seems to date from the first release in 2009.
It also occurs against a rather different scientific background, after the Berkeley Earth Surface Temperature review of climate-science data by prominent climate sceptic Richard Muller, which analysed 1.6 billion temperature records, and concluded that global warming was a genuine effect.
It is still unclear what effect - or combination of effects - is causing the current warming of the atmosphere, which has risen around one temperature in the past 50 years.
NASA thermal satellite image showing the world's arctic surface temperature trends: Today's emails appear to show scientists interested in painting a particular picture of such trends - but the information is not new
Professor Mann, speaking to the Guardian, described the release as 'truly pathetic.'
'Well, they look like mine but I hardly see anything that appears damning at all, despite them having been taken out of context.
'I guess they had very little left to work with, having culled in the first round the emails that could most easily be taken out of context to try to make me look bad.'
Your first database wrapper's childhood diseases
Almost every PHP user, while learning OOP, is trying to create a DB wrapper of their own. Although a good idea by itself, it leads to numerous mistakes, caused by the lack of practical experience.
Interestingly, that these mistakes appear to be surprisingly common, repeated in almost every wrapper. Let's sort them out.
Error reporting.
To be frank, if it's your first wrapper, then just leave the error reporting alone. PDO and PHP will do it much better, really. Everything you can think of is either superfluous or makes your experience worse than with raw PHP handling.
No need to echo the error message right away
No need to silence the error message with empty try catch
No need for the dedicated silent production mode.
No need for the dedicated $error variable (what you gonna do with it anyway?).
variable (what you gonna do with it anyway?). No need for the manual error logging code.
No need for the try..catch at all.
Just let PDO to throw an exception, but do not catch it - and it will suit both production and development modes all right.
All you need is three simple things, one dedicated to PDO and two PHP settings that have to be common for the whole application:
Set PDO in exception mode. $pdo -> setAttribute ( PDO :: ATTR_ERRMODE , PDO :: ERRMODE_EXCEPTION ); Tell PHP to report ALL errors: error_reporting ( E_ALL ); On a development server just turn displaying errors on: ini_set ( 'display_errors' , 1 ); On a production server turn displaying errors off while logging errors on: ini_set ( 'display_errors' , 0 );
ini_set ( 'log_errors' , 1 );
This. Is. All.
Of course, some improvements to the error handling could be done, but for the basic wrapper that's more than enough: after configuring PHP and PDO this way you will be always notified of the every error occurred, in the most suitable way - on a live server errors will be logged for your future inspection, while on a development server it's good to see them right on screen.
If you still want to handle errors some specific way, then you have to understand that it have to be done NOT on the database wrapper level but in a site-wide error handler. You are welcome to write one, but that would be absolutely irrelevant to any database stuff.
A special note to JSON API writers
Your database error like "Driver not found" or "Syntax error in the SQL query" should be never ever revealed to the client. Only a generalized error message like "Server error", along with proper HTTP response code have to be sent to the client. Your ["error" =>$e->getMessage()] will tell nothing useful to a honest client, will reveal some potentially sensitive information to a malicious user, and will leave yourself without error message logged. Thus if you want to return an error in JSON format (which for a properly written client is not necessary as it should be satisfied with HTTP error code alone), then write an error handler that will log the error message and send JSON response to the client:
set_error_handler ( "myErrorHandler" );
function myErrorHandler ( $errno , $errstr , $errfile , $errline )
{
error_log ( "[ $errno ] $errstr in $errfile : $errline " );
header ( 'HTTP/1.1 500 Internal Server Error' , TRUE , 500 );
header ( 'Content-Type: application/json' );
echo json_encode ([ "error" => 'Server error' ]);
exit;
}
And it will properly handle every error that may occur in your application, not only database errors.
Connection
Like it is said in the main article, connection have to be done only once. Means you should create only single PDO connection that have to be used all the way through script execution.
You have to understand that each PDO instance creates a distinct connection to DB server. Thus, you should never ever open and closing a new connection in each function. Because it will considerably slow down your PHP and won't let you utilize some DB features that can be used only within the same connection - i.e. transactions.
Besides, if you don't close connections (by creating a separate connection from each class constructor for example), things become much worse, as it will result in opening hundreds simultaneous connections from the same PHP script instance, killing your database server in an instant with TOO MANY CONNECTIONS error.
Therefore, most direct and straightforward way would be to create a single instance of your wrapper that connects to database in its constructor, and then use this single object wherever you need. To make only single instance of your wrapper available you have two options:
If your code is procedural, then it's OK to use a singleton-based static wrapper approach.
If you want to have a proper OOP architecture, then go for the Dependency Injection-based solution.
General purpose query function.
There are many variations, but in the end you need very simple method like this:
function run ( $sql , $params = NULL )
{
$stmt = $this -> pdo -> prepare ( $sql );
$stmt -> execute ( $params )
return $stmt ;
}
You won't believe, but this function is just incomparable in power with any of your functions, being more flexible than any number of specialized methods you created in your class:
First, it can run any kind of query supported by PDO, including ones you never had an idea to create a method for - a SHOW TABLES or INSERT IGNORE for example.
or for example. Second, with method chaining you can get the resulting data in dozens of different formats, instead of just blunt fetchAll() implemented in your select() method
Some examples:
// Getting single column from the single row
$id = $db -> run ( "SELECT id FROM users WHERE email=?" , [ $email ])-> fetchColumn ();
// Getting single row
$user = $db -> run ( "SELECT * FROM users WHERE email=?" , [ $email ])-> fetch ();
// Getting array of rows
$users = $db -> run ( "SELECT * FROM users LIMIT ?,?" , [ $offset , $limit ])-> fetchAll ();
You can get the number of affected rows as well:
$sql = "UPDATE users SET balance = ? WHERE id =? "
$updated = $db -> run ( $sql , [ $balance , $id ])-> rowCount ();
As you can see,
there is no need for the dedicated bind() function - PDO can bind all your variables already, simply by sending them into execute() .
function - PDO can bind all your variables already, simply by sending them into . no need to distinguish SELECT queries with ugly string parsing.
no need for separate functions to get different query results
All you need is just a simple method that accepts a query and array with variables to be bound as parameters, and which returns a PDO statement, which makes this function extremely flexible and convenient.
Type-hinted binding.
You don't need it. Just send all your parameters directly to execute() .
Select function
Many newbie PHP users, who have very little experience with SQL, tend to create a function like this
public function select ( $table , $fields = "*" , $where = "" )...
thinking it would be extremely handy to run queries like SELECT * FROM table using a "neat" call:
$data = $db -> select ( "table" );
In reality, a query without WHERE or ORDER BY or at least LIMIT clause will never be used at all. And you'll end up with using this function as unreadable gibberish like this
$data = $db -> select ( "foo" , "bar" , [ "baz" => 1 ]);
which no one will be able to comprehend or use for any query that is more complex than silly lookup, making this function an ugly substitution for a full featured SQL query, with obfuscated syntax and limited functionality.
You have to understand that keywords in SQL serve for the great purpose of readability, makes whole statement readable and unambiguous, comprehensible by the every programmer in the world. And so you can tell that your initial idea to save yourself typing of SELECT or WHERE turs to be not that brilliant.
Therefore, either look for a mature query builder (that keeps all the keywords in place, but in the form of builder's class methods names), or just keep with raw SQL.
SQL injection in Insert and Update methods
Almost everyone makes their Insert() and Update() helper methods essentially vulnerable to SQL injection, as it's explained in the "An SQL injection against which prepared statements won't help" article here.
Statefulness
That's a problem which is hard to spot at first but that will make you a lot of headaches in the future.
Your wrapper have to be stateless. Means no runtime class variables have to be ever used, like $this->query , $this->result , $this->statement and such. Mind your class can be used with different queries at the same time. Imagine there is a $result variable, and you are going to run a nested query. A nested query call will override all your stateful variables, wrecking havoc.
Let's take, for example, such a primitive class, just to demonstrate the problem.
class StatefulDB {
protected $conn ;
protected $stmt ;
public function __construct ( $pdo ) {
return $this -> pdo = $pdo ;
}
public function query ( $sql ) {
$this -> stmt = $this -> pdo -> query ( $sql );
}
public function fetch () {
return $this -> stmt -> fetch ();
}
}
Now, if we try to run a nested query like this
$db = new StatefulDB ( $pdo );
$db -> query ( "SELECT * FROM users" );
while ( $row = $db -> fetch ()) {
$db -> query ( "UPDATE users SET foo='bar'" );
}
We will get an error, because during the first iteration $this->stmt would be overwritten by UPDATE query. The same goes for all other stateful variables - $sql , $error , whatever. So you can see that having such variables related to a particular query is no the way to go.
If you want to introduce a state, to keep some stuff linked to a particular query, you have to use another class for this. Just look at PDO and mysqli: both use a main object to hold a connection, while particular query is linked to a distinct object of a statement or a query result class.
Protected PDO instance
You have to realize that if you decided to make PDO instance protected, then you have to duplicate more than a dozen PDO methods in your class, or you'll just be unable to access them. While for a simple wrapper it's better just to make PDO instance public and so you'll be able to call a rarely used method through it:
$yourDb -> pdo -> beginTransaction ();
another two possibilities would be:
Just extend PDO, adding methods you like, so all PDO methods will be kept in your wrapper. Create a proxy for the PDO's methods using __call or __callStatic magic function.
Both examples can be found in the adjacent article, Simple yet efficient PDO wrapper
Database credentials as class variables.
This is not a critical fault but rather a matter of sanity.
There is absolutely no point in making database credentials (like user, host, password etc.) as class variables. You aren't going to use them in the object, you need them only in constructor. So, make them constructor parameters instead.
Inheritance
Again, not practical issue but rather matter of sanity. Do not extend your application classes from DB class.
First of all, it's a matter of sanity. You should never extend an applications class (i.e. User class) from a database class. User is not a database. It's a user. They have nothing in common. Database have to be used as a service by a user, not being a parent.
If you have a CRUD class, you may extend a User from it. But note that CRUD is essentially different from DB wrapper class. Either way, remember that connection in any case have to be only one.
(CNN) A Republican lawmaker on Tuesday walked back their remarks earlier in the day that low-income Americans may have to prioritize purchasing health care coverage over gadgets such as iPhones under Republicans' Obamacare replacement plan.
The controversy began when House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz told CNN's Alisyn Camerota on "New Day" that they want low-income Americans to be able to have more access to health coverage.
"But access for lower income Americans doesn't equal coverage," Camerota said.
"Well, we're getting rid of the individual mandate. We're getting rid of those things that people said that they don't want," Chaffetz replied. "Americans have choices, and they've got to make a choice. So rather than getting that new iPhone that they just love and want to go spend hundreds of dollars on that, maybe they should invest in their own health care.
"They've got to make those decisions themselves," Chaffetz added.
Camerota asked if health care will "require some sacrifice" for lower income Americans.
"We have to be able to lower the cost of health care," they said. "We do think that with more choices, that you will get a better product at a lower price and that will be good for everybody on the entire spectrum of income."
Chaffetz was swiftly rebuked for their comments on social media.
My broken ankle cost $117,000 so that's around 234 iPhones @jasoninthehouse. — roxane gay (@rgay) March 7, 2017
Rep. Larry Bucshon, R-Indiana, later said on "CNN Newsroom" that Chaffetz's comments were "unwarranted at this time."
"We don't want people to make choices in their life having to choose health care and leaving out other parts of their life that everyone else enjoys," Bucshon said.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi also pounced on Chaffetz's remarks, tweeting they are "offensive and show a lack of both understanding and compassion."
Asked at a White House briefing Tuesday if Americans would have to choose between cell phones and health coverage under the proposed plan, Health and Human Service Secretary Tom Price said Americans are already "having to sacrifice in order to purchase coverage."
A 2013 Pew survey found that among low-income people (those making about $30,000 or less), only 13% used an iPhone that year. And nearly 1 in 4 -- 23% -- of smartphone owners have had to cancel or suspend their phone service due to financial constraints, according to a 2015 Pew study
Under Obamacare, more than seven in 10 enrollees could find coverage for $75 or less in 2017, thanks to subsidies. Without that government assistance, the average cost of a bronze plan -- the cheapest available -- would be $311 a month for a 30-year-old in 2017, according to Health Pocket.
Low-income enrollees would likely see their monthly premiums rise under the Republican plan because its tax credits are not tied to the cost of coverage and do not provide greater help to lower income Americans.
The iPhone 7, Apple's most current smartphone, runs between $649 and $769 on Apple's website
Later Tuesday morning, Chaffetz walked back their remarks, though they stood by their argument that Americans would need to better prioritize health care spending under the new plan.
"What we're trying to say -- and maybe I didn't say it as smoothly as I possibly could -- but people need to make a conscious choice and I believe in self-reliance," they said on Fox News' "America's Newsroom." "And they're going to have to make those decisions."
House Republicans introduced a bill Monday that would scrap Obamacare's individual mandate, a major pillar of the law, replacing it with refundable tax credits for individuals to purchase health insurance. It would also restructure Medicaid and defund Planned Parenthood.
"With Medicaid reductions and smaller tax credits, this bill would clearly result in fewer people insured than under the ACA," Larry Levitt, senior vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation, told CNN Money . "The House GOP proposal seeks to reduce what the federal government spends on health care, and that inevitably means more people uninsured."
Chaffetz also told Camerota that FBI Director James Comey has not responded to their attempts to discuss President Donald Trump's unverified allegation that former President Barack Obama ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower phones.
Chaffetz said lawmakers plan to investigate Trump's claims and that their attempts to reach Comey have been unsuccessful.
"I texted him," Chaffetz said. "I said, 'Please call me, if you can.'"
But Comey did not return Chaffetz's call.
"No response," they told Camerota. "But that's not atypical."
This story has been updated.
December 8, 2010 3:15 PM | Michael Rose
Rogue Survivor is a survival roguelike sandbox game with plenty of depth to explore. You are put in the role of an average person in the middle of a zombie outbreak, and must stay alive for as long as possible.
Each day you survive, you'll level up and become stronger - but tougher enemies will also appear. Apart from finding weapons and barricading yourself into a safe area, you'll need to make sure you have a good supply of food and perhaps some friends to help out. Before you play, you'll need to read about how to play the game by pressing H in-game, as there's quite a lot to it. Apart from playing a survivor, you can also play as a zombie and see how many humans you can eat.
The game is in the very early stages of development, yet there is still tons to see and do. There's a pretty nice guide to surviving your first week on the Rogue Survivor wiki, and there are forums where regulars frequently talk about their latest games. Note that you need to use the Num direction keys to play. Go give it a download. (Thanks Mark!)
North Carolina's legislature wasn't new to preemption—previously, it had banned sanctuary cities, prohibited towns from destroying guns confiscated by the police, and blocked local fracking regulations. It had restructured the Greensboro city council so as to dilute Democratic clout. In Wake County, home to Raleigh, it had redrawn the districts for both the school board and county commission, shifting power from urban to suburban voters. The state had seized Asheville's airport and tried to seize its water system too. Lawmakers had also passed a bill wresting control of Charlotte's airport from the city and handing it to a new commission.
HB2 was different, though—it set off a fierce nationwide backlash, including a U.S. Department of Justice lawsuit and boycotts by businesses, sports leagues, and musicians. Since corporate expansions, conventions, and concerts tend to take place in cities, North Carolina's cities have suffered the most. Within two months of HB2's passage, Charlotte's Chamber of Commerce estimated that the city had lost nearly $285 million and 1,300 jobs—and that was before the NBA yanked its 2017 All-Star Game from the city. Asheville, a bohemian tourist magnet in the Blue Ridge Mountains, lost millions from canceled conferences alone.
For Asheville residents, the series of preemption bills felt like bullying. “People are furious. They're confused,” Esther Manheimer, Asheville's mayor, told me as their city battled to retain control of its water system. “We're a very desirable city to live in. We're on all the top-10 lists. How would anyone have an issue with the way Asheville is running its city, or the things that the people of Asheville value?”
National mythology cherishes the New England town-hall meeting as the foundation of American democracy, and once upon a time, it was. But the Constitution doesn't mention cities at all, and since the late 19th century, courts have accepted that cities are creatures of the state.
Some states delegate certain powers to cities, but states remain the higher authority, even if city dwellers don't realize it. “Most people think, We have an election here, we elect a mayor and our city council, we organize our democracy—we should have a right to control our own city in our own way,” says Gerald Frug, a Harvard Law professor and an expert on local government. “You go to any place in America and ask, ‘Do you think this city can control its own destiny?' ‘Of course it can!' The popular conception of what cities do runs in direct conflict with the legal reality.”
The path to the doctrine of state supremacy was rocky. In 1857, when New York State snatched some of New York City's powers—including its police force—riots followed. But after the Civil War, the tide of public and legal opinion turned against local government. Following rapid urban growth, fueled in part by immigration, cities came to be seen as dens of licentiousness and subversive politics. Moreover, many municipalities brought trouble on themselves, spending profligately to lure railroads through town. Unable to make good on their debts, some towns and cities dissolved, leaving states holding the bag and inspiring laws that barred cities from independently issuing bonds. In an 1868 decision, the jurist John Forrest Dillon declared that cities were entirely beholden to their state legislature: “It breathes into them the breath of life, without which they cannot exist. As it creates, so may it destroy. If it may destroy, it may abridge and control.”
Straight out of Shibuya and into The 6ix comes comes a world-famous Japanese ramen joint for the first time ever in North America.
Get ready to fall in love with Konjiki Ramen, Toronto.
Tokyo chef Atsushi Yamamoto has announced that they will soon be opening an overseas outpost of their Michelin-endorsed ramen restaurant, Konjiki Hototogisu, at 5051 Yonge St. in North York.
Founded in 2006, Konjiki has grown to become wildly popular among ramen lovers, food critics and top chefs from all over the globe.
People have been known to line up for hours to get a taste of the Tokyo restaurant's unique shellfish broth, and, being that this is Toronto, we can expect much of the same behaviour from customers when Konjiki opens here.
A post shared by 遠藤 (@yutaii29) on Dec 18, 2016 at 6:49am PST
"Concept ramen will be served in our North America joints," reads a website announcing the new location, which is just a few blocks north of Yonge and Sheppard. "An adventure blend of Japanese originality crossover fresh local ingredients will surely pleasure your taste buds."
Konjiki Ramen aims to be up and running by the end of November, so... start lining up now, maybe?
Top executives at GM and Ally Financial enjoyed big pay days while their bankrupt companies struggled to repay the government in full for the bailout, a watchdog report said Wednesday.
The report blamed the Treasury Department for loosening the limits on executive pay that came as conditions to the bailout.
President Obama asked in 2009 that cash salaries be capped at $500,000, but the Treasury Department approved salaries that topped that amount for 16 employees at GM and its former financing arm, Ally, in 2013. In fact, the top 25 employees each received total compensation, including salary and stock, of at least $1 million that year, according to the report.
Treasury was too concerned with keeping companies competitive, disregarding the fact that the reason to keep them competitive was so that they could repay taxpayers in full, the report said.
Related: 15 top executives with $1 salaries
In a response, Treasury's Acting Special Master Patricia Geoghegan said the report contains many inaccuracies and omissions. They point out that Congress never established a cap on compensation. Instead the Treasury is supposed to determine that pay packages are "not inconsistent" with the public interest.
At the time, GM (GM) and Ally were the only companies left (out of seven) in the government's Troubled Asset Relief Program. The government sold its final stake of GM in December of 2013, but taxpayers came up about $10 billion short on the bailout.
In total, taxpayers invested $352 billion in the seven companies and recouped all of that, plus an additional $25.6 billion.
Black Wall Street, the name fittingly given to one of the most affluent all-Black communities in America, was bombed from the air and burned to the ground by mobs of envious Whites. In a period spanning fewer than 12 hours, a once thriving Black business district in northern Tulsa lay smoldering – a model community destroyed and a major African-American economic movement resoundingly defused.
The night's carnage left some 3,000 African Americans dead and over 600 successful businesses lost. Among these were 21 churches, 21 restaurants, 30 grocery stores and two movie theaters, plus a hospital, a bank, a post office, libraries, schools, law offices, a half dozen private airplanes and even a bus system. As could have been expected, the impetus behind it all was the infamous Ku Klux Klan, working in consort with ranking city officials and many other sympathizers.
The best description of Black Wall Street, or Little Africa as it was also known, would be to compare it to a mini Beverly Hills. It was the golden door of the Black community during the early 1900s, and it proved that African Americans could create a successful infrastructure. That's what Black Wall Street was all about.
The dollar circulated 36 to 100 times, sometimes taking a year for currency to leave the community. Now a dollar leaves the Black community in 15 minutes. As for resources, there were Ph.D.s residing in Little Africa, Black attorneys and doctors. One doctor was Dr. Berry, who owned the bus system. Their average income was $500 a day, hefty pocket change in 1910.
It was a time when the entire state of Oklahoma had only two airports, yet six Blacks owned their own planes. It was a very fascinating community.
The mainstay of the community was to educate every child. Nepotism was the one word they believed in. And that's what we need to get back to. The main thoroughfare was Greenwood Avenue, and it was intersected by Archer and Pine Streets. From the first letters in each of those three names you get G.A.P. And that's where the renowned R&B music group the GAP Band got its name. They're from Tulsa.
Black Wall Street was a prime example of the typical Black community in America that did business, but it was in an unusual location. You see, at the time, Oklahoma was set aside to be a Black and Indian state. There were over 28 Black townships there. One third of the people who traveled in the terrifying “Trail of Tears” alongside the Indians between 1830 and 1842 were Black people. The citizens of this proposed Indian and Black state chose a Black governor, a treasurer from Kansas named McDade. But the Ku Klux Klan said that if they assumed office that they would kill them within 48 hours.
A lot of Blacks owned farmland, and many of them had gone into the oil business.
The community was so tight and wealthy because they traded dollars hand to hand and because they were dependent upon one another as a result of the Jim Crow laws. It was not unusual that if a resident's home accidentally burned down, it could be rebuilt within a few weeks by neighbors. This was the type of scenario that was going on day to day on Black Wall Street.
When Blacks intermarried into the Indian culture, some of them received their promised “40 acres and a mule” and with that came whatever oil was later found on the properties. On Black Wall Street, a lot of global business was conducted.
The community flourished from the early 1900s until June 1, 1921. That's when the largest massacre of nonmilitary Americans in the history of this country took place, and it was led by the Ku Klux Klan. Imagine walking out of your front door and seeing 1,500 homes being burned. It must have been amazing.
Survivors we interviewed think that the whole thing was planned, because during the time that all of this was going on, White families with their children stood around the borders of their community and watched the massacre – the looting and everything – much in the same manner they would watch a lynching. The riots weren't caused by anything Black or White. They were caused by jealousy.
A lot of White folks had come back from World War I and they were poor. When they looked over into the Black communities and realized that Black men who fought in the war had come home heroes, that helped trigger the destruction. It cost the Black community everything, and not a single dime of restitution – no insurance claims – has been awarded the victims to this day. Nonetheless, they rebuilt.
We estimate 1,500 to 3,000 people were killed, and we know that a lot of them were buried in mass graves all around the city. Some were thrown into the river. As a matter of fact, at 21st Street and Yale Avenue, where there now stands a Sears parking lot, that corner used to be a coal mine. They threw a lot of the bodies into the shafts.
‘The gun went off, the riot was on'
[excerpts from a CNN report]
On the night of May 31,1921, mobs called for the lynching of Dick Rowland, a Black man who shined shoes, after hearing reports that on the previous day they had assaulted Sarah Page, a White woman, in the elevator they operated in a downtown building.
A local newspaper had printed a fabricated story that Rowland tried to rape Page. In an editorial, the same newspaper said a hanging was planned for that night. As groups of both Blacks and Whites converged on the Tulsa Courthouse, a White man in the crowd confronted an armed Black man, a war veteran, who had joined with other Blacks to protect Rowland.
Eddie Faye Gates, a member of the Tulsa Race Riot Commission, formed several years ago to determine exactly what happened, told CNN what happened next.
“This White man,” they said, asked the Black man, “What are you doing with this gun?” “I'm going to use it if I have to,” the Black man said, according to Gates, “and (the White man) said, ‘No, you're not. Give it to me,' and they tried to take it. The gun went off, the White man was dead, the riot was on.”
Truckloads of Whites set fires and shot Blacks on sight. When the smoke lifted the next day, more than 1,400 homes and businesses in Tulsa's Greenwood District, a prosperous area known as the “Black Wall Street,” lay in ruins. Today, only a single block of the original buildings remains standing in the area. Experts now estimate that at least 3,000 died.
‘We're in a heck of a lot of trouble'
Beulah Smith was 14 years old the night of the riot. A neighbor named Frenchie came pounding on their family's door in a Tulsa neighborhood known as “Little Africa” that also went up in flames.
“Get your families out of here because they're killing Niggers uptown,” they remember Frenchie saying. “We hid in the weeds in the hog pen,” Smith told CNN.
People in a mob that came to Kenny Booker's house asked, “Nigger, do you have a gun?” they told CNN. Booker, then a teenager, hid with their family in their attic until the home was torched. “When we got downstairs, things were burning. My sister asked me, ‘Kenny, is the world on fire?' I said, ‘I don't know, but we're in a heck of a lot of trouble, baby.'”
Another riot survivor, Ruth Avery, who was 7 at the time, gives an account matched by others who told of bombs dropped from small airplanes passing overhead.
The explosive devices may have been dynamite or Molotov cocktails – gasoline-filled bottles set afire and thrown as grenades. “They'd throw it down and when it'd hit, it would burst into flames,” Avery said.
Only a single block remains of the 1,400 homes and businesses that made up the area known as Black Wall Street.
Unmarked graves
Many of the survivors mentioned bodies were stacked like cord wood, says Richard Warner of the Tulsa Historical Society.
In its search for the facts, the commission has literally been trying to dig up the truth.
Two headstones at Tulsa's Oaklawn Cemetery indicate that riot victims are buried there. In an effort to determine how many, archeological experts used ground-piercing radar and other equipment to test the soil in a search for unmarked graves.
The test picked up indications that hundreds of people have been buried in an area just outside the cemetery.
Editor's note: The Tulsa Race Riot Commission, formed in 1997 to determine exactly what happened and what should be done now, delivered its final report in 2001, calling for substantial restitution. “In June 2001,” according to Wikipedia, “the Oklahoma state legislature passed the ‘1921 Tulsa Race Riot Reconciliation Act.' While falling short of the commission's recommendations, it provided for more than 300 college scholarships for descendants of Greenwood residents, mandated the creation of a memorial to those who died in the riot, and called for new efforts to promote economic development in Greenwood. A documentary, “Before They Die!” has been made about the survivors and their quest for justice. It chronicles efforts in Oklahoma to gain reparations for the survivors. And watch the video “One Day in May!” at www.BeforeTheyDieMovie.com.
This story comes from the Ujamaa Network, which can be reached at mikehouse@ujamaanetwork.biz. They add these words of wisdom: “We must buy from ourselves in order to re-circulate Black dollars. If we want our dollars to return, we must spend them within our own community. 2011 will be our year if we decide it will be. Make a commitment to yourself to do as much of your spending within our community as possible.”
KUSA - The Denver Broncos could use a Taco.
Finishing second in the free-agent recruiting bids for Calais Campbell and Earl Mitchell left the Broncos hungry (sorry) at the 3-4 defensive end position.
The Broncos have Derek Wolfe at one inside defensive end position while Adam Gotsis, Zach Kerr and Jared Crick will compete for the other.
Kerr was an offseason addition after they were non-tendered as a restricted free agent by the Indianapolis Colts who had turnover in their front office.  They are a nice rotational player, but the Broncos pursuit of Campbell and Mitchell proves they want a solid anchor and backfield penetrator on the left side.
Taco Charlton (his given first name is Vidauntae) is a defensive end who is getting first-round consideration. The former Michigan Wolverine had 9.5 sacks last season. The Broncos' No. 20 overall pick might be a little rich for Taco. Outside of Alabama's Jonathan Allen, there might not be another 3-4 defensive end worthy of No. 20.
But if the three, first-round offensive tackles – Cam Robinson, Ryan Ramczyk and Garett Bolles – are unexpectantly gone by No. 20, 5-technique defensive end is the Broncos' next most pressing need.
Sign up for the 9NEWSLETTER Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank You for signing up for the 9NEWSLETTER Please try again later.
Submit
Barring a trade for a veteran, offensive line (offensive tackle, plus guard-center Forrest Lamp if he's there), defensive end, tight end, pass-rushing outside linebacker and perhaps a certain running back from Valor Christian are the Broncos' only possibilities in the first round.
We'll look at each before April 27, when the first round of the NFL Draft will be held. Today we look at nine defensive ends the Broncos may consider in either the first- or second rounds.
1. Jonathan Allen, 6-3, 286, Alabama
Projected as a top 5 talent, but perhaps he'll plummet because of shoulder concerns. The Broncos can only hope. Had 9.5 sacks and 15 tackles for loss and returned an interception 75 yards – 75 yards! – for a touchdown in their senior season.
2.Taco Charlton, 6-6, 277, Michigan
One year, senior starter who grew up outside Columbus, Ohio, but wound up at Ohio State's rival. A bit of a tweener who would have to eat a few more tacos to play the 5 technique.
3. Caleb Brantley, 6-3, 307, Florida
Came out after their redshirt junior season. An inside pass rusher although they may be more 3-technique defensive tackle.
4.Malik McDowell, 6-6, 295, Michigan State
Malik! Remember, it wasn't until their fourth season that Malik Jackson became a dominant 5-technique. There's been some concern McDowell's production hasn't matched their first-round skills. Skipped their senior year. Ran their 40 in 4.85.
5.Chris Wormley, 6-5, 298, Michigan
Very good against the run and coming on as an inside pass rusher – which makes them a possibility with the Broncos' No. 51 pick in the second round.
6.Tanoh Kpassagnon, 6-7, 289, Villanova
Long arms at 34 ¾ inches. And for all that size they ran their 40 in 4.83. When Wade Phillips was the Broncos' defensive coordinator, they sought defensive linemen who could run.
7. Montravius Adams, 6-4, 304, Auburn
Ran the 40 in 4.87 at the combine. Derek Barnett, considered a 4-3, pass-rushing defensive end, ran a 4.88.
8. Larry Ogunjobi, 6-3, 305, North Carolina-Charlotte
A redshirt senior as it can take a while for small college prospects to get discovered. Mike Mayock loves this guy, but it would still be a surprise if they went as high as the second round.
9. Vincent Taylor, 6-3, 310, Oklahoma State
The Broncos are known for finding sleepers at the 3-4 defensive end/defensive tackle position. Draftniks didn't know much about Wolfe or Gotsis until the Broncos drafted them in the second round. Besides Taylor, who just started to come on before skipping their senior season, Notre Dame's Jarron Jones, Iowa's Jaleel Johnson or LSU's Davon Godchaux could be second-day surprises.
Copyright 2017 KUSA
TORONTO -- So what's next?
The NHL Players' Association will be in communication via phone with the NHL on Wednesday to seek clarification/question on a number of fronts from the NHL's surprise offer on Tuesday.
They will then meet on Thursday in Toronto.
The NHLPA's reaction and eventual counter-proposal will be crucial to whether or not there's going to be a resolution. My sense is that the league is willing to tweak some things, yes, but if the NHLPA comes back hard with an ultra-aggressive counter-proposal, some owners may want the league to walk away and enter a deep freeze.
I believe there's going to be a deal, but how the NHLPA responds to the league's offer is the biggest single moment in this entire negotiation.
Meanwhile, to further our news story on the site, here are more details from the NHL's offer, which is six years in length with an option year for a seventh:
There were several contradicting reports out there Tuesday regarding the entry-level system, but multiple sources confirmed the new proposal would see ELS go from three years to two years in length. The one caveat is that if you're a player for example that's coming from college and joining your NHL team late in the season -- think Chris Kreider of the Rangers -- that doesn't count against your two-year, entry-level commitment. You would still have to play two full seasons under an entry-level deal. What the offer Tuesday laid out is two full seasons of entry level.
You may wonder why the heck the league would want to shorten the entry-level deal. Combined with the fact that the league also asked for a five-year limit on term for contracts and UFA eligibility to go to eight years or 28 years old, what the league is trying to do here is change the dynamics of the second contract -- limit the financial flexibility of the second contract -- and change the system so that players now make their big money in the third contract.
Where as a 50-50 split of revenues would see the 2012-13 salary cap lowered to $59.9 million, the league's offer calls for all 30 teams to be able to spend up to $70.2 million (this past summer's cap) for the first year of the deal; essentially giving all 30 teams a 12-month transition period. By Year 2 they must comply with the cap. This is significant given the number of teams that would have been over the cap with not very much time to get under it before the puck drops.
There are tighter restrictions on the year-to-year salary in player contracts. The salaries can only increase or decrease by no more than 5 percent. Again, this is an attempt to mitigate the "cheat deals" and front-loading that happened in the past CBA. The league's initial offer in July called for flat salaries across all contracts, so this is a bit of a change, although not much.
The NHL offer proposes to make the salaries of minor-league players on NHL contracts (above a threshold of $105,000) count against the salary cap. This is to prevent teams from stashing players in the minors (think Wade Redden).
Embracing an idea first proposed by Maple Leafs GM Brian Burke years ago, the league's offer included the ability to retain salary in trades. Under the expired CBA, teams could not trade or keep parts of a player's salary in a trade. This new provision would obviously facilitate trades in a cap market that saw deals minimized, especially in the first half of the season.
All existing NHL contracts which go longer than five years will be subject to new cap calculations, specifically those deals will count against a team's cap regardless of whether the player is still playing or not. My belief here is that this is the NHL's attempt at correcting the so-called "cheat deals" or back-diving deals -- like those of Marian Hossa or Roberto Luongo -- which carry bogus salaries at the end of deals to lower the cap hit.
There were conflicting reports about the dynamics or definition of hockey-related revenue in this offer. To be clear: a league source says the NHL does NOT try to change the definition of HRR in this offer like it attempted to in the summer. These are the same old definitions of HRR used in this new offer. Having said that, my guess is that giving the back and forth on HRR language all summer long, the NHLPA will seek further clarification on this Wednesday in its phone call with the league.
It is a six-year deal with a "mutual option" for a seventh year.
As part of NHL's new revenue sharing plan which calls for $200 million, at least 50 percent of the pool will be raised from the top 10 revenue grossing clubs; the distribution of the revenue sharing will be determined every year by a revenue sharing committee (which the NHLPA will be part of).
On their 45th birthday, Quebec native Jean Béliveau went out for a walk. They crossed over Montreal's Jacque Cartier Bridge in Montreal, where they originally dreamed up the idea of escaping their life as a neon sign salesperson nine months before, and kept going for 75,554 kilometers through 64 countries. They burned through 54 pairs of shoes but somehow managed to maintain their relationship with their wife, Luce, who stayed at home while Jean spent 11 years walking around the world. But when they returned to Canada, some criticized the walk as a self-indulgent escape from a midlife crisis since it wasn't done for a specific charity.
Seven months after returning home from what is believed to be the world's longest uninterrupted circumnavigation on foot, Béliveau is being courted by publishers who want the rights to their story. We caught up with Jean to find out more about their motivation for taking an 11-year walk, how they pulled it off without losing their wife and what he's up to now.
Why take a walk around the world?
Jean: I owned a small neon sign factory but when Quebec had a terrible ice storm in the winter of 1998, we lost power for weeks. We had to close the factory and then my wife had to move to Montreal for their job. I had a midlife crisis in the meantime. I began to sell neon signs but I wasn't making much money. I said, ‘My God, what happened with my life? I'm throwing my life away.'
I felt like I was working just for money and giving my soul away, and for what? I ran over Jacques Cartier Bridge in Montreal one day and thought, ‘I wonder how many days it would take to get to New York. And how many weeks or months or years to get to Mexico, South America, the rest of the world.'
What did your wife say when you told them you'd be buzzing off for a decade or so just three weeks before your departure?
Jean: They said, ‘Will you be back on the way?' and I said ‘No, but you enjoy travel, you can come if you want.' But they couldn't because she's a social worker and was working towards their retirement. Finally they said, ‘Is it finished between us?' I took a big risk, they could have said, ‘Go on your way, mate.' And they took a risk too. They said, ‘I will support you, we'll try it.' She's the one – a great lady.
Luce: I asked why they didn't tell me about it sooner and they said ‘If you have a very special dream, you better not talk about it to the people who love you, because they might try to convince you to abandon it.'
%Gallery-156047%
Had you traveled much before?
Jean: I never really traveled. I'd only been to Florida and Las Vegas.
Luce, you agreed to stick with them and help support them financially. Did your girlfriends and relatives think you were crazy?
Luce: Everybody said, ‘He's leaving you and you'll have to do everything by yourself.' All my friends and relatives, especially the girls, said they wouldn't put up with this and they didn't know how I could stand it. They thought they were selfish.
How did you pay for this trip?
Jean: I took $4,000 Canadian, which was about $3,000 U.S. at that time. It wasn't enough, I knew that, but for me I had to escape. I had to go. I needed to make a big pilgrimage. To see who I was and where I was in life. I preferred to be eaten by the lions in African than by the society. I probably spent about $50,000 or so for the whole trip. Some people spend the same amount for a two-week trip.
Luce: I had to make some financial sacrifices to help support them along the way, but I was so taken with their project it didn't mean anything to me to go without some things.
How do you pack for a trip like this?
Jean: I had everything I needed in a three-wheeled stroller – a sleeping bag, tent, a pad, only a couple changes of clothing, a pillow, a First aid kid, some food and water.
How much ground does one need to cover to walk around the world in 11 years?
Jean: I averaged about 20 miles per day over 11 years, but I didn't walk every day. It took about six months to cross the U.S., about 8 months for Mexico and Central America. Then I had to skip Colombia because back in 2002 it was considered very dangerous. I spent almost two years walking through South America and then I ran out of money. I didn't want to call Luce and ask for them to pay for my flight to Africa. Eventually, a Brazilian guy offered to pay for my ticket to South Africa and the trip continued.
(Click here to see a video of their route)
Where did you sleep during this walk?
Jean: People invited me into their homes, they fed me, they phoned people 30-40 miles ahead to help me. Some people gave me money, brought me to the supermarket and filled my buggy with food. I stayed with about 1,600 families in 64 countries, but in general I'd say I spent roughly one-third with families, one-third camping and the rest being invited to sleep in churches, temples, mosques, schools and even prisons. I stayed with criminals, killers, extremists – all kinds of people.
How did you maintain the desire to keep walking? Didn't you want to go home at some point?
Jean: You're in a state of permanent culture shock. You get to the point where you become saturated; you can't even see the beauty. In 2004, I was in the middle of Africa somewhere and decided that I wanted to go home. I felt like I was a prisoner of my dream. I had to finish the walk. I felt like if I went back home I would fail because the spirit of the walk is just one shot, no going back. I sent Luce an email telling them I was too tired and I couldn't go further.
Luce: I told them I loved them but that everyone wanted them to continue, because if they cut their walk, it's like they didn't accomplish anything.
How did you maintain your marriage with them gone for 11 years? Didn't you feel jealous that they were out seeing the world while you were helping pay for theirs adventures?
Luce: I wasn't jealous, not at all. I started their website and answered all of their emails. I was writing newsletters for him. I couldn't have gone with him, I can't eat everything like they do and I would get fed up with staying in tents and other strange places. I enjoy my comfort too much. I visited them for a few weeks each year and we were like normal people on vacation. These were their little breaks from the walk.
How were you perceived on your walk? Did people think you were a beggar in some places?
Jean: In Europe and Japan a lot more people treated me like I was a homeless person or a beggar. You feel the rejection; you can tell it in people's eyes. I was someone apart from the society. I was in Latin America and Africa for about four years, where I was welcome. In Europe, people would back away from you. You say hello to people and they think you're crazy.
Were there moments of danger for you on the trip?
Jean: Not many. I was woken up by a puma in the night in Chile while I was in a sleeping bag, but thankfully it went away. I was almost robbed in South Africa. But there were so many more occasions where people were good to me. I needed prostate surgery in Oran, Algeria, but had no money. They said, ‘Don't worry, we want to support you.' I was in the hospital for six days and they paid for everything. Even in Iran, they were amazing people. There's a difference between the regime there and the people. The people there are beautiful.
How did your feet hold up?
Jean: They were fine until I got to Iran. I walked in whatever shoes people gave me along the way, and someone gave me sandals in Iran. Those were terrible to walk in. I went through 54 pairs of shoes. Each year, Luce would take some pairs home with her, so we still have some of them.
What was the most physically demanding part of the trip?
Jean: I spent three months crossing the desert in North Australia. It was 45 degrees (Celsius). I was drinking 10-12 liters of water per day but it was brutal. It took eleven months to cross the whole country. But then I got lucky. I went to New Zealand next and Air New Zealand offered to fly me back to Vancouver and then I crossed Canada to get home to Montreal.
How did you avoid going crazy?
Jean: I did go crazy. You go deep in your own mind, you just have your imagination, you go far away in the universe, because you can't calibrate yourself with other people. Then when I'd see people, I'd be careful to talk to them to make sure I wasn't too far-gone, too crazy.
What was the homecoming like?
Luce: I met them on the last day and walked with them for about 12 kilometers and got tired so I had to take the metro home to rest. Later, I went to join them again when they were closer to home and there was a ceremony for him. And then the two of us walked the last 1.5 kilometers to our home, just the two of us. They were fine – they were full of adrenaline – not tired at all.
How did they transition back to home life?
Luce: The transition was hard for both of us. They kept leaving the doors of our condo unlocked and they had no idea where anything belonged. They got depressed after being home a few weeks.
Do you plan to ask Guinness to verify your walk as the longest on record?
Jean: No, but if someone else wants to submit it they can. I didn't do it to set a world record. There are totally unknown people who might have walked farther than me. There is a guru in India, they walk naked and with bare feet. He's probably walked 200,000 kilometers in their life, but just in India. In my walk, we can say it is the longest walk around the world without returning home in between.
You received some criticism in Canada after returning home. Some said your walk was self-indulgent.
Luce: We did read the negative comments. Those people would like to try something like this but don't have the guts to do it. Jean was in a situation where they could do it – our children were grown. We were not wealthy at all. All the free money I had was needed just to keep them on the road. The negative comments came only in Canada. Canadians are more critical; we don't appreciate people who do things. Look at Celine Dion; they aren't appreciated here at all when they started.
What's next for you?
Jean: I'm writing a book. So far, we have offers from 16 publishers. Hopefully, it'll be out next year. I won't go back to selling neon signs. My past is another life. I'm on a new path now until I die. (Update: The book will be published by the Flammarion Group in February 2013.)
You've said that you did this walk for peace and for children, but you didn't raise money for any charitable cause. What do you think you accomplished?
Jean: You want to do something before you die. I figured I had maybe 30 more years on this planet and I wanted to do it. I think we helped raise awareness for peace but I left with a humble spirit. My goal is to learn not to teach. The walk was about everyone I met – people's humanity, their desire to explore the world. So many people supported me so it wasn't just my walk; it was theirs too.
I bet people will read the story you are doing and it will make an impact on their lives. Some people will decide to change their lives when they read this.
[All photos provided by Jean Beliveau le Marcheur]
Patrols to stop shed antler poaching
Share this article
Shed hunting is a hobby that many hunters participate in. Once deer or elk season is over, it is another excuse to get outside and explore the backcountry in hopes of coming home with a shed or two – a souvenir from a long hike in the mountains during a crisp day.
But sheds are also considered big business, especially when it comes to décor and furniture design. This means that there are a lot of shed hunters obtaining the antlers illegally, causing stress among elk and deer, according to WUNC.org. Organizations like Oregon Shed Hunters and Eyes In The Woods (EITW) are attempting to monitor the conduct of those who shed hunt and promote the ethics behind the tradition.
Continued below.
"It's kind of suspicious when you see somebody coming out with 10 or 12 antlers at 9 o'clock in the morning," says EITW co-founder Kyle Winton, especially when the area just opened up to shed hunting that morning. EITW is a volunteer group that helps “law enforcement catch people lured by the potentially big pay day,” according to WUNC.org. The group uses trail cameras to help spot those who may be lurking in Central Washington's Oak Creek Wildlife Area illegally obtaining sheds. The night before the winter range opens to the public, Winton and their volunteers check the preserve in search of poachers.
Waiting for the antlers to fall naturally is what an ethical shed hunter does. For those who are after them for profit – and trophy racks can sell for up to $35 per pound – shed poachers will often harass or even kill deer and elk in order to collect their antlers. Four people have been convicted so far of illegal shed collecting.
"People are running these elk while they're really in poor condition physically," says Richard Mann, a wildlife enforcement captain for Washington State. "[the antlers] may not drop dead on site, but some of them do, and once they get off, they never recover from that kind of stress."
Central American asylum-seeker mother and child in San Antonio (RAICES Facebook)
Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents dumped off a busload of immigrant women and children at a closed bus station in San Antonio on Friday directly in the path of Hurricane Harvey, which was then a Category 4 storm poised to make landfall.
Buzzfeed News reported that Democratic U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett contacted ICE and told them not to transport the recently released detainees, but the agency dropped them at the downtown bus station anyway, in spite of the fact that all transport services were suspended ahead of the hurricane.
“Knowing that, they just dropped them off,” said Barbie Hurtado — a community organizer for RAICES, a nonprofit that provides legal aid to immigrant families. “These are women and children who have been released from family detention with no money, cell phones, and don't speak English.”
When contacted for comment, ICE released a statement to Buzzfeed that said, “All of the aliens who were transferred to the San Antonio Greyhound bus station by ICE on Friday morning had confirmed tickets and itineraries to their destinations. Throughout the process, ICE remained in close contact with bus officials to ensure bus availability, and all aliens had confirmed bus transportation at the time at which ICE officers departed the station. Ultimately, ICE kept two additional families in custody since their bus trip had been cancelled.”
However, the spokesperson declined to answer when asked whether buses were running when the women and children were dropped off in San Antonio.
Doggett told Buzzfeed that ICE assured them on Friday that no situation would occur where families were left stranded ahead of the unprecedented weather emergency.
“But for more than 50, it did,” Doggett said. “Especially during this natural disaster, all families deserve respect and safety. Fortunately, those who were left waiting with nothing were helped by the goodness of our neighbors and the leadership of the Interfaith Welcome Coalition. Most have now been able to depart.”
“This is all really unacceptable,” Doggett said to the Rivard Report. “We need greatly improved communication and more attention to genuine humanitarian concerns.”
A local church stepped in to take in the stranded families, many of whom are asylum-seekers from Central America.
“They were really tired and didn't know what was going on at first,” Hurtado told Buzzfeed. “But they're grateful to have a roof over their heads, clothes, and food. Most of them were praying the hurricane passes so they can get to their families.”
That breastfeeding can provide a slew of health benefits for babies and their mothers isn't news, but for the first time, international scientists have put a dollar amount on that benefit.
In comprehensive papers published Thursday in The Lancet Breastfeeding Series, scientists discerned that globally, the cost of lower intelligence linked with the decision not to breastfeed equated to about $300 billion annually— a number similar to the value of the global pharmaceutical industry.
Authors wrote that while the health benefits of breastfeeding may be well known in developed countries, mothers in poorer countries are actually likelier than those in rich countries to breastfeed their children.
"Supporting breastfeeding makes economic sense for rich and poor countries, and this latest breastfeeding study proves it," Series co-lead Dr. Cesar Victora, an emeritus professor from the International Center for Equity in Health, Post-Graduate Programme in Epidemiology, Federal University of Pelotas in Brazil, said in a news release.
Limited or nonexistent maternity leave had a direct impact on a mother's decision to breastfeed, and the growing market of breast milk substitutes has also contributed to mothers' choices, the series found.
Study authors noted that about 820,000 child deaths—about 13 percent of all deaths of children under age 5— could be prevented each year by improving breastfeeding rates.
The series involved studying the benefits, determinants and trends in breastfeeding from 28 systematic reviews, 22 specially commissioned meta-analyses and more than 1,300 studies. Authors calculated the costing data by analyzing a 2015 meta-analysis that suggested longer breastfeeding is linked with higher performance on cognitive tests among children and adolescents. Researchers found that those children who had higher performances had an average of three IQ points higher than those who performed worse. That effect translated to better academic performance, greater long-term earnings and improved productivity, according to the release.
Health-wise, researchers found that greater rates of breastfeeding would prevent about half of all diarrhea episodes and one-third of respiratory infections. Authors also said that, for each of the first two years a mother breastfeeds throughout their life, they see a 6 percent lower risk of breast cancer, as well as a reduced risk of ovarian cancer. Breastfeeding already helps prevent 20,000 breast cancer deaths each year, the authors noted, but increased rates could help prevent an additional 20,000 deaths linked with the disease.
"Breastfeeding is a powerful and unique intervention that benefits mothers and children, yet breastfeeding rates are not improving as we would like them to— and in some countries, are declining,” Victora said in the release.
Breastfeeding rates at 12 months in the U.S. were about 27 percent in 2011, according to the most recent data available, which was included in a 2014 report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). In 2011, 79 percent of infants were breastfed immediately after they were born, and 49 percent were breastfed at 6 months.
In the United Kingdom, Ireland and Denmark, rates are even lower than those in the U.S. at 12 months: Only 1, 2 and 3 percent of children, respectively, are breastfed at that age. Those are some of the lowest breastfeeding rates in the world, the series authors noted.
Series authors concluded that if breastfeeding rates in the U.S., China and Brazil increased to 90 percent, and if rates in the U.K. increased to 45 percent, treatment costs for common childhood illnesses would save at least $2.45 billion in the U.S., $29.5 million in the U.K., $223.6 million in China, and $6.0 million in Brazil.
“We hope the scientific evidence amassed in this Series will help revert these negative trends,” Victora said, “and create a healthier society for everyone— mother, child, poor and rich."
Pat Price | On 30, May 2013
photo courtesy 20th Century Fox
That quote of course is in reference to Rand McPherson's (David Spade) take on Ultimate Frisbee aka the “Hippie Olympics” from the 1994 cult classic, PCU. Sure, Ultimate is a little heady, but I'd say disc golf is more along the lines of something you'd find Jerrytown and the boys doing on a Saturday afternoon before a George Clinton concert.
What does this have to do with running? Not a lot. But there is an epidemic going on right now. Gimmick races. You know them. You may have even participated in one of two. Hell, my first race back to competition four years ago was the Krispy Kreme Challenge, so who am I to judge? Until recently, the corniest thing out there was the Rock ‘n' Roll Half Marathon series, with their local bands stumbling through “Sweet Home Alabama,” and their VIP Porta Potties. Those times have changed.
Let's break it down:
1. Color Runs
What are they? The new kid on the block. There are tons of them out there right now. The Color Run, Run or Dye (“The Most Colorful 5k Run™ – says the website), and Color Me Rad (“The run that's been ruining all other 5k's”) are just a few of the races trying to take your money for shooting paint on you while you run. The list goes on. There will be one of these where you live, if there hasn't already, in the next few months. Money to be made!
What's the draw? Participants wear white and paint guns shoot vibrant colors on you while you run a 5k. What could be more exciting? They all want you to watch their well-produced YouTube clips (aka sales pitches) to get pumped (to spend ~$50) for the race of a lifetime. OMG Color!
Verdict? Sorry, this bores me. I know the point is to run and then post some pics on Instagram or Snapchat or whatever, but I don't see the obsession. But these things are selling out all over the country, so I'm obviously in the minority. Viva Color Runs. De Colores!
2. Electric Runs
What are they? Night time race with glow sticks, neon and DJ's at the finish line. Expect more of these to start popping up. Electric Run is the main “entrepreneur” of these events right now.
What's the draw? Earlier this year, I got an email that stated “with hot music, breathtaking light displays and an energized crowd of thousands, it will feel less like a run and more like a moving party.” So there's that. Costs around $60 a pop.
Verdict? I know the execution of this is going to be taylor made for the running tourist, but night time races are good by me. Try one. But probably just one. And don't be upset when things get weird and annoying post-race.
3. Mud/Obstacle Runs
What are they? The old maid of gimmick racing. Tough Mudder (“Probably the toughest event on the planet”), Warrior Dash (“The World's Largest Obstacle Race Series”) and Spartan Race are the big ones. But beware of fly-by-night operations, like this one in Cary, NC, that ripped people off with a short course, crappy obstacles and charged $65 a head. And then stiffed the Special Olympics. A-holes!
What's the draw? It's something different. I get it. You want a challenge? Try scoring 100 on the Marine Corps Physical Fitness Test. It's just three steps. 18:00 for three miles, 100 crunches in a minute and 20 pull-ups. Is it even possible to do 20 pull-ups? No charge! But if you want to get muddy, you better save up! Race day registration at the Charlotte Tough Mudder is $180. You heard me right. Well, you get one free beer. But your friends have to pay to watch you race. This is a business, folks. $2 million annual revenue to $22 million in one year for the Tough Mudder conglomerate.
4. Zombie Runs
What are they? Post apocalyptic sets are created. Zombie Run is the main culprit. You can be a runner, or a Zombie.
What's the draw? Answers the age old question, “How fast can you run while being chased by a zombie?” The website say “a unique 5k mud run & obstacle course, sprinkled with hungry zombies.” Get ready for $79 race day registration in Chicago.
Verdict? A mud run dressed up with some more live action. I don't know. I liked Zombieland, but it's gonna take more for me to spend nearly $80, plus their gentle reminder to “bring your ID and cash for additional beverages and snacks.”
Thrill seeker? Here are some alternatives
1. Organize and run a Beer Mile (or Chocolate Milk, Milk, Egg Nog, etc)
It's not exactly legal, but it's free. If you have some friends go with you to help out, you can keep your exposure to a minimum and everyone goes home happy, especially those innocent bystanders who get to watch the awesomeness that is the Beer Mile.
2. Naked Mile / Undies Run
Hey, sex sells. But these are free. Find one and run at your own risk! Better yet? Start a new one.
3. A Trail Race
Getting off the pavement is fun and there are tons of great ones out there. No electric shocks necessary (maybe some log jumping)!
4. An actual road race
That pint glass you got for finishing 3rd in your age group at the “Ides of March 5k” will come in much handier than that picture of you covered in mud, that you splashed on yourself after the race. Trust me!
And that's another week of The Mixed Zone. Stay tuned for more fun in running each week. But no, I will not be part of your mud run team. But if this is what it takes to get people off the couch, I'm all for it!
KARACHI: Former T20 captain Shahid Afridi, while responding to a question, said “money has always been an issue for Javed Miandad”.
The all-rounder was talking to journalists in Karachi at the book launch ceremony of sports journalist Saleem Khaliq, when a reporter mentioned it to Afridi that “Javed Miandad has said that Afridi wanted farewell game only for money”.
To this Afridi responded saying, “money has always been an issue for Javed Miandad”.
They went on to say that "it doesn't suit a legendary cricketer like Miandad to pass such irresponsible comments".
Afridi said people loved them a lot and it doesn't matter to them much whether they get the farewell game or not.
“I will meet PCB executive committee's chairperson Najam Sethi and talk to them about what the board wants to do regarding the farewell game,” they said.
Miandad levels match fixing allegations against Afridi
Reacting on the controversial remarks passed by Shahid Afridi, legendary batsman Javed Miandad levelled match fixing allegations against Afridi.
While talking to Samaa TV, Miandad alleged that Afridi fixed matches and sold Pakistan team. “The whole team had fixed matches,” they claimed.
“If I had any money related issues, I wouldn't have left the team, but I did,” said Miandad.
Ajay Jadeja: Afridi has not changed in 19 years, why expect now?
Last month, Afridi had asked the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) to give them a farewell match so that they could exit international arena in a befitting manner.
Afridi, who quit ODIs last year after the 2015 50-over World Cup, says they deserve a farewell match, and they have asked the PCB to provide them with that so that they can bid goodbye to their fans.
“A farewell match is my right,” the all-rounder said while talking to a private news channel.
It may be recalled that Pakistan were eliminated from this year's World Twenty20 after losing to India, New Zealand and Australia in the preliminary stage of the event.
Consequently, there were talks, at that time, about this being Afridi's last T20 campaign.
When a journalist recently asked Shahid Afridi about their fitness, they were met with a typical Afridi cross bat response: “Alhamdulillah, tum jaise dus bande main abhi bhi sambhaal sakta hoon (by the grace of God, I can still take on 10 guys like you).”
In the same interview, they had expressed their desire to represent Pakistan.
By some media accounts, Afridi was in talks with chief selector Inzamam-ul-Haq and was seeking a farewell game against the West Indies in the United Arab Emirates.
rabble is expanding our Parliamentary Bureau and we need your help! Support us on Patreon today!
Residents of Shawnigan Lake, B.C. are appealing to the federal government to overturn a permit that allows dumping of contaminated soils uphill from their watershed.
Three years ago, in this quiet, picturesque west coast town, community members were informed of a proposal to turn a local quarry into a contaminated soil site close to their water source. In spite of hundreds of letters, official petitions and environmental appeal board hearings with professional support, as of March this year, South Island Aggregates (SIA) received permission to bring 100,000 tons of contaminated soil each year for 50 years to the quarry site.
Trucks began arriving with contaminated soil -- containing dioxins, furans, phenols, hydrocarbons, arsenic, lead and chloride, among other chemicals -- in November.
"It's a spectacularly beautiful place and people move here because it's a healthy lifestyle. It has clean water and it's a beautiful place to live," says Sonia Furstenau, Shawnigan Lake Area Director. "But right in front of our eyes that's being taken away from us."
The area in question lies above the community's drinking water source which is also a salmon habitat. Yet the site is not completely contained and after the first heavy rainfall since dumping began, there was enough concern about potential contaminants in the water that the entire community of 8,000 residents was under a strict five-day advisory to not use the water.
Island Health issued the no-water-use advisory as a precaution due to what they referred to as a suspected non-containment of surface water from the South Island Aggregates site
Island Health lifted the advisory for the south end of Shawnigan Lake after inspections and Ministry of Environment laboratory tests confirmed there was no risk to the public's health.
South Island Aggregates has also been clear to state that it is in compliance with the permit issued by the Ministry of the Environment.
"We were eight months into a permit that allows for 50 years of dumping and after the first rain event we couldn't touch our water," says Furstenau.
Fuelled by common concern, fear and anger, Shawnigan Lake residents have been protesting the dumping, since it began, five days per week. Mothers, children, grandparents and professionals alike arrive at the site every weekday morning to slow down the trucks' progress as much as possible.
SIA applied for an injunction against the protestors, resulting in police officers now being required to arrest anyone standing in the way of the trucks -- even if they don't want to.
"There's a really fierce determination in the community to put up a fight against this," says Furstenau. "There's a great deal of respect and compassion and kindness between the protestors and the police…they live in this community too. And they drink the water too."
The compassion and local support hasn't stopped there. Furstenau also says they have heard stories of a trucker joining the protestors and an SIA employee walking off of the job site.
In spite of this local dedication, the community's watershed is still at severe risk from the contaminated site as dumping continues daily. Little action has taken place by the provincial government to assist Shawnigan Lake Residents and as a result, Furstenau and their fellow community members are reaching out to the federal government and the media for support.
"We need help," says Furstenau. "We are making a collective cry out to Canada."
Editor's update: An earlier version of this story incorrectly suggested there was a concern about potential contaminants in the water leading to a "no-water-use" advisory. That advisory was lifted after testing and inspections confirmed there was never any danger of contaminants entering the water supply at any time. South Island Resource Management Ltd. has stated that its contaminated soil and water management systems have been confirmed by independent engineers and the Ministry of the Environment to be working exactly as designed and permitted. We apologize for any harm our error may have caused.
Alyse is a Vancouver-based writer and editor with a passion for social justice, storytelling and tea. They studied English Literature and Global Development at Queen's University and believes in the ability to make positive changes through media that digs deep, asks questions and shares narratives. Alyse was the Editor of Servants Quarters and has written for the Queen's News Centre, Quietly Media and the Vancouver Observer.
Photo: flickr/ David Stanley
Texas college first-year student "Kiki" (she askednot to use their real name) hopes to become an online star with their "How to Cheat on a Test" video.
"This method of cheating, it will work," they said in their online video.
They told CBS News science and technology correspondent Daniel Sieberg, "Um, like, I didn't know it was going to be kind of controversial."
There are more than 3,000 "How to Cheat" videos on YouTube alone. Some are silly, using elastic bands. Others get creative with clothing. The most sophisticated turn soda bottle wrappers into detailed cheat sheets.
"It's a 21st-Century form of showing your friends how cool you are," said John Palfrey, the author of a book about the digital generation.
There are worse videos online - showing drug use and fighting - but these cheat videos encourage bad behavior in otherwise good kids.
"I don't think I have any regrets. It's just, like, I posted that video for fun, you know, I was really bored one day and wanted to post it out of amusement," Kiki said.
A ninth-grader from New Jersey, who we'll call "James," posted a series of cheat videos. They make no apologies - but they don't want to be identified, either.
"Do you worry that anything you're doing is wrong or going to have some consequences later?" Sieberg asked him.
"I think it might, if people figure out this is me," they said. "But if they don't, I think it's fine."
Policing YouTube is virtually impossible. Thirteen hours of video are posted every minute. Guidelines ask for "no bad stuff," and if there are enough complaints, the video could be taken down.
But YouTube itself doesn't screen for immoral or illegal behaviors, making it easy for adolescents to indulge their worst impulses.
"Young people are going to wake up some years later and say, 'gosh, I wish when someone Googled my name they didn't see that.' And it will be sort of like a tattoo on their arm, something they want to remove but will be very, very hard to get rid of," Palfrey said.
And is James afraid of getting caught?
"No. I don't think that's ever going to happen," they said.
James did have second-thoughts and took their videos down - perhaps worried about consequences down the road.
"I actually want to become a lawyer," they said.
They may want to brush up on their ethics first.
The 2017 NFL Draft is just a few weeks away and several players have seen their draft stock change drastically since the end of the college football season. For some, their stock has increased and they'll end up going earlier than originally thought (and get more money in the process). For others, they're trended the wrong direction.
Not every riser or faller is listed below, but there are some of the more notable ones. Of course, there are bound to be a few surprises during the actual draft. After all, no one saw Laremy Tunsil's bong video coming and most thought Andrew Billings would at least be a round two picks. With that in mind, here are seven of the biggest risers and fallers before the NFL Draft.
Risers
QB Patrick Mahomes, Texas Tech
Mahomes is going to be a polarizing selection when he's picked in the first round of the NFL Draft. And it'll be a major topic of debate when he's picked in the Top 13 like I think they will. That's a big rise from the Day 2 selection they were generally considered as when they declared. The upside is there and Mahomes has perhaps the highest ceiling in this year's class. But they need at least one year, potentially two, to develop. There isn't a bigger boom-or-bust prospect this year.
RB Christian McCaffrey, Stanford
It sounds like McCaffrey will end up as a Top 10 pick, with the Panthers a likely landing spot. Worst case, I think they go in the Top 20. That's a nice rise for a player some weren't projecting as a first round selection in earlier mock drafts.
RB Joe Mixon, Oklahoma
When Mixon declared, the question was where they would end up being drafted, if at all. The answer is that Mixon will be at least a second rounder. That's a high pick to spend on a player with video of them breaking a woman's jaw, but Mixon's stock hasn't been as affected as it could have been.
DE Jordan Willis, Kansas State
The concern around Willis coming out of Kansas State was that they didn't have great bend and didn't look like a great athlete. There's a disconnect now, because Willis tested as well as anyone at the NFL Combine. I expect them to go during round two, a nice rise from a player who could have fallen to Day 3 if they tested poorly.
LB Haason Reddick, Temple
No one has risen higher this year than Reddick. A college edge rusher, Reddick switched to linebacker at the Senior Bowl and thrived. Then, they blew up the Combine as the top tester at the position. He's a likely first round pick and could go as early as the Top 15. That's a massive rise for a player who wasn't on the general media radar for Day 2 picks after the season ended.
S Obi Melifonwu, UConn
Behind only Reddick is Melifonwu. A potential first round pick, Melifonwu ended up having a combine line former UConn Huskie Byron Jones did. I think he's a strong safety in the NFL, but he's versatile enough that teams could look at them as a corner, free safety or even linebacker in certain packages.
S Josh Jones, N.C. State
Jones is Melifonwu-lite. If a team that wants Melifonwu misses out on him, they can get Jones at some point on Day 2. After blowing up the Combine, Jones has gone from a likely Day 3 pick to a player who should go on Day 2.
Fallers
RB Dalvin Cook, Florida State
I've still got a first round grade on Cook, but there is a lot of buzz about them not going in the first round. There was a point where some mock drafts had them above Leonard Fournette (which I never bought), but now there's a real chance Cook ends up falling out the first round entirely. The reasons for Cook's potential fall are worries about a shoulder injury, fumbling problems and a litany of off-the-field problems. He's never been found guilty of a crime, but they were acquitted of a misdemeanor battery charge in 2015, cited for an animal care violation in 2014 and charged with robbery. The robbery charge was later dropped, but Cook also had run-ins with allegedly causing property damage with a BB gun and firing a weapon on school property. There's a lot of smoke here with Cook and although it won't dock them on my board, it could in the eyes of NFL teams.
DT Malik McDowell, Michigan State
McDowell has top 15 talent. But their major attitude and work ethic concerns will drop them to round two. The talent is there, but McDowell said they aren't coachable at Michigan State. NFL teams won't appreciate that and it will cause McDowell to go lower than their talent says they could. There have been Connor Cook comparisons made.
EDGE Tim Williams, Alabama
Much like several players on this list, there are off-the-field issues around Tim Williams. They admitted to several failed drug tests at Alabama, which will scare several teams away. The fear is that Williams will end up as another Randy Gregory. One of the better pure pass rushers this year, Williams will likely fall from a potential Top 20 pick to a round 2 selection. Honorable mention to Alabama DT Jonathan Allen, who could end up as a mid-first rounder.
CB Sidney Jones, Washington
This one is just unfortunate. Jones suffered a torn Achilles at their pro day, which could end up dropping them out of the first round. Jones says he'll be able to play this year, which indicates it's only a partial tear, but he'll be playing catchup either way as a rookie. There's still a chance they go in the first round, but I think a round two picks makes more sense. If they can't play at all next year, second round is the best case. On the flip side, Washington's Kevin King has really helped their stock with some impressive combine measurements.
CB Teez Tabor, Florida
I remain a big Tabor fan (love their ball skills), but their Combine and Pro Day efforts have really hurt their draft stock. First, Tabor ran a 4.62 40-yard dash at the Combine, which was one of the worst at their position. Then they followed that up with an even worse 4.72 40 at their pro day. That's terrible speed for a corner and it causes major concerns about Tabor. Instead of being a potential first rounder, Tabor is looking like a Day 2 pick.
CB Jourdan Lewis, Michigan
In terms of talent and college production, Lewis is one of the better corners. But their size was likely going to limit them to being a nickel corner only and that made them a Round 2 pick. Now Lewis' stock has suffered a major hit because of a domestic violence charge. That will remove them from consideration of several NFL teams and the rest will be very cautious since the situation likely won't be resolved before the draft. NFL teams hate uncertainty in these scenarios and it might be enough to drop Lewis down to Day 3.
S Jabrill Peppers, Michigan
Peppers have fallen from a potential top 10 pick to the late first round. Unlike most cases, it doesn't have anything to do with their testing or off-the-field issues. Instead, the hype (Heisman contender) got a bit out of control with Peppers and teams have major concerns about their coverage ability. Right now, Peppers is a highly-athletic safety prospects who need work in coverage and learning how to actually be a safety. I think someone will pull the trigger in Round 1 on Peppers, but it won't be in the Top 10.
Related Topics: Obi Melifonwu, NFL Draft News, Tim Williams, NFL Draft Fallers, Joe Mixon, Jabrill Peppers, Malik McDowell, Haason Reddick, Jordan Willis, Sidney Jones, Patrick Mahomes, Dalvin Cook, Jourdan Lewis, Christian McCaffrey, NFL Draft Risers, 2017 NFL Draft, Teez Tabor, Josh Jones
S ingapore is the world only island city-state, also known as the Lion City, the Garden City or the Red Dot. Considered the most modern, civilized and expensive country from all Southeast Asia. Ranked 7th in the world on the cost of living index, higher than San Francisco (9th) but behind New York City (5th). Amazing architecture, incredibly well organized and clean, with a significant combination of Chinese,
Indian, Malay and Western influences, Singapore is truly a cultural melting pot.
Delicious food, high street shopping, contemporary arts, a lot of leisure activities, amazing parks, everything it needs to make it “perfect”. We were quite impressed with all of it and, in the end, we comment with each other about living there for a while.
Top places to visit
Marina Bay
Sentosa Island
Clarke Quay
Gardens by the Bay
Botanical Garden
Chinatown
Little India
Standard prices
Currency: Singapore Dollar 1,50 SGD ≈ 1 EUR
Accommodation: This is the most expensive country in Southeast Asia. Double rooms start from 50 SGD. A dormitory bed cost around 14 SGD per night in a medium hostel.
Food: Average meal price in a restaurant cost about 15-20 SGD. In Chinatown and Little India districts, you will find plenty of food markets where the food is much cheaper. A big plate of rice with pork cost 5 SGD.
Transportation: Metro is the best means of transportation – cheap, clean and will reach everywhere. In fact, the metro is two networks: MRT and LRT. Even at a few days stay it is worth to invest in EZ-card (multi-ride card).
In Singapore, there are practically no traffic jams, so the bus is often as good as the metro.
Taxis are expensive enough that they become completely unprofitable (unless nightly return home). A big plus is the honesty of the driver – they always use the meter and do not cheat.
Activities: There is an incredible amount of things to do around Marina Bay. Take a walk or a cruise (20 SGD) along the Singapore River (especially in the evening when everything is beautifully lighted). Do not miss the free water show on Marina Bay Sands (every day at 20:00). Take a ride on Singapore Flyer and enjoy the view of the entire city. Visit the modern Gardens By The Bay and see the forest through the eyes of a bird. If you have more time, go to Sentosa Island where you can explore the Underwater World (40 SGD) or the Universal Studio (74 SGD).
Travel Tips
Visa: European Union citizens are allowed to enter Singapore for 90 days without a visa. When entering the territory of Singapore must have a return ticket or onward journey. There is no obligation to hold a certain amount of money for each day of stay. The required validity of the passport for entry is at least 6 months.
Food: If you are a budget traveler, eat in Chinatown and Little India. There you will find food markets with typical, affordable and tasty dishes of these ethnic groups.
Best time to visit: Singapore can be visited all year round. From November to January it may rain lightly but there is always more than 30 degrees.
Our experience
literally the greatest thing ever.
My x who cheated on me, made me think,it was my fault, then got dumped 4 days after we broke up (ps i had just seriously talked to my father ab marrying their soon), and then harassed me during and after i got off of work bc i was noving on. along with harassment from a bunch of people they have manipulated like me.. so whats a man to do? sand. they opened it allll at once. 100% of the sand got everywhere in a huge explosion. this made my day and ruined their carpet and anything that fine sand can even fit in, hense the sand that is forever and always. PLEASE MAKE AN ANNOYING BOX OF SALT FOR THOSE SPECIFICALLY SALTY PEOPLE!!!
Though many of its most vocal fans still debate over whether or not it can actually be a legitimate esport, Hearthstone had a great 2015 full of competition, ending in a fun World Championship series at BlizzCon. The competition was fierce, especially considering that the prize pool totaled a mere $250,000. Next year, Blizzard will be quadrupling that prize pool as it focuses on making Hearthstone a bigger esport.
Today Blizzard announced its ambitious plans for Hearthstone esports in 2016, including a $1 million prize pool for the World Championship. As part of increasing the competitive profile of the game and keeping fans engaged, Blizzard will be splitting the Hearthstone calendar into four seasons: the Winter Season from December to February, the Spring Season from March to May, the Summer Season from June to July, and the World Championship, which will run through the finals at BlizzCon in November.
Here's a nice visual layout of the calendar as provided by Blizzard:
So what does splitting things up into seasons actually mean? Here's how it will work.
At the end of the Winter, Spring and Summer seasons, there will be a Championship tournament in each of three territories — Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. The winners of each Season tournament in each territory will automatically advance to the first round of the Hearthstone World Championship at the end of the year.
A fourth player from each region will make their way to the World Championship by winning a Last Call Invitational tournament to be held in October, just before BlizzCon.
That gives us 12 players for the World Championship. A final four will also come from China, which is considered the game's fourth territory. However, it appears as though China will have its own method for determining who makes the cut, which Blizzard has yet to reveal.
Here's another handy visual for all that information:
This is an infinitely more structured system than 2015's and should provide for more consistent competitive Hearthstone viewing, as well as the emergence of some interesting stories throughout the year. Blizzard notes one major notable change to how it will run tournaments: Players can still be invited, but they will not be able to receive byes from early rounds. All players will begin in the same opening round, leading (hopefully) to a more even playing field for everyone.
In addition to the $1 million World Championship prize pool, Blizzard says it will provide a $100,000 prize pool for each of the Season Championships in each territory — so basically almost another full million in cash pumped into the Hearthstone scene.
If all of this has you interested in checking out some Hearthstone esports, the first major point-granting event for the 2016 Winter Season takes place this weekend. The Dreamhack Winter esports event will be taking place in Sweden from this Thursday, Nov. 26, through Sunday, Nov. 29. In addition to the Dreamhack Hearthstone Grand Prix, the event will host tournaments for Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, StarCraft 2: Legacy of the Void, Dota 2, Super Smash Bros. Melee, Ultra Street Fighter 4, Heroes of the Storm and League of Legends.
You can check out the schedule and get more information on the Dreamhack Winter website. If you'd like to try to get into the Hearthstone esports scene for yourself, you can begin earning points toward the Winter Season Championship by playing ranked mode beginning in December.
CAMDEN -- A U.S. District Court judge ruled that a woman can continue to sue the two officers who placed their brother in the back of a police cruiser where they died in 2012, but not the other officers or EMTs who were there.
Judge Noel L. Hillman also said the the suit can continue against Haddon Township and Police Chief Mark Cavallo on the grounds that department training or policies could have played a role in the death of Sherron Norman, 37.
They were found dead in the cruiser two minutes and 49 seconds after township Officers William Benham and Joseph Sullivan placed them on their stomach on the back seat, with their hands cuffed behind their back and their legs bent up, according to the judge's written decision.
The state medical examiner ruled their death an accidental overdose, but an expert hired by the plaintiff, Juanita Norman, said it was a homicide.
Hillman wrote that a special jury will decide that and other disputes in the facts, at which point they may reconsider whether the suit should be dismissed against Benham, Sullivan, Cavallo and the township.
Sherron Norman was under the influence of cocaine when they caused a disturbance, pulled down their pants, damaged items and pushed someone in the Crown Fried Chicken on Mount Ephraim Avenue, the judge wrote.
Officers, as well as an ambulance, were dispatched for a "psych emergency."
Benham said under oath that they arrived first and struggled with Norman until the latter was lying on their stomach on the ground. Norman bit Benham during the struggle and was hit several times by Benham and Sullivan, both of whom said in depositions that they were trying to get Norman to release theirs bite.
After they cuffed him, they put them stomach-down in the car with their face toward the back of the seat, Hillman said. They kicked and yelled for less than a minute before going silent, the judge said.
After another minute, an officer on scene noticed they were unresponsive in the car.
Juanita Norman was suing for wrongful death, false arrest or imprisonment, and civil rights violations.
They also sued officers and EMTs who were on scene, and the jurisdictions they came from, for failing to intervene in an excessive force incident or when they knew that their brother needed medical attention.
Hillman dismissed the suit for those parties in their June 29 decision. They were from Oaklyn, Woodynne, Collingswood, and Camden.
Their reasoning for continuing the suit against the Haddon Township officers and chief, they said in the decision, was that there was enough conflicting information that needed to be decided before the court could rule on whether the death was due to the officers' actions.
Because even some basic facts are in question, Hillman said, they will use "special interrogatory procedures" to have a jury decide what actually happened that night.
First, the special jury will have to decide what happened when Benham first arrived on scene and during the struggle, as the dashboard camera only caught sounds -- including a "wail" from Norman -- but was not positioned to get video footage.
The cause of death is also disputed. Dr. Hisham A. Hashish, then the county's medical examiner, ruled the death a result of cocaine intoxication and said airway or neck injury did not contribute to the death.
But Dr. Michael Baden, a medical expert hired by Juanita Norman concluded that their brother died from asphyxia and cardiopulmonary arrest during restraint and their death was a homicide.
After a jury determines the facts, Hillman wrote, they will decide whether the officers should be immune to the suit because they were simply performing their duties. Going into that decision, they said, will be whether the use of force was reasonable and whether the officers were indifferent to Norman's serious medical needs.
The lawsuit will be back in federal court for a final pretrial hearing in September.
Rebecca Everett may be reached at reverett@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @rebeccajeverett. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
CLOSE The Senate has blocked a wide-ranging proposal by Republicans to repeal much of former President Barack Obama's health care law and replace it with a more restrictive plan. Time
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell walks from their office to the Senate floor on Capitol Hill on July 26, 2017. (Photo11: Carolyn Kaster, AP)
WASHINGTON — The Senate voted Wednesday to defeat a bill that would have repealed Obamacare within two years without any immediate plan to replace the sweeping health care law.
Senators voted 45-55 in favor of the bill, falling six votes short of the 51 needed to pass it. Seven Republicans voted against it: John McCain of Arizona, Dean Heller of Nevada, Susan Collins of Maine, Rob Portman of Ohio, Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia.
The vote comes on the second day of a 20-hour Senate debate on health care as Republican leaders scramble to win enough votes from their own members to pass something to replace the Affordable Care Act. The Senate began its session Wednesday morning with about 17 hours left in the debate.
Here's a look at where things stand now:
What did they vote on today?
The big vote was the failed attempt to pass the amendment by Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., to repeal the Affordable Care Act within two years, which would have given lawmakers time to come up with a replacement plan before the law expired. The proposal is the same as one passed by Congress in 2015, which was vetoed by former president Barack Obama. Collins is the only Republican senator who voted against the bill both times.
With a Republican president in the White House, GOP leaders tried again. Paul and other conservatives have led the push for a complete repeal of Obamacare. But there has been a lot of hesitation among Republicans for "repeal" without a plan for "replace."
What have they already voted on?
On Tuesday, senators voted 50-50 to begin debate on a health care bill. Vice President Pence had to come to the Senate chamber to break the tie and allow debate to start.
After that, the biggest news came Tuesday night when senators defeated a Republican bill, on a vote of 43-57, to replace Obamacare. Nine Republican senators voted against the legislation, which was drafted by Senate Republican leaders.
It included a proposal by Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, to allow insurers to sell bare-bones health care plans that don't cover maternity care and other major benefits as long as the companies also sell plans that include a full range of benefits.
The defeated plan also included a proposal by Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, to provide $100 billion in aid to help low-income Americans pay their medical bills after they lose Medicaid coverage as a result of the Senate health care bill.
What are Democrats doing?
The Democrats have been voting against the Republican bills to repeal and replace Obamacare. They also have been using procedural tactics to try to slow down the debate process and had vowed to offer hundreds of amendments.
However, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., announced Wednesday night that Democrats will not offer any more amendments until Republican leaders show them the "real bill" they want to pass.
"Democrats will offer no further amendments to the pending legislation until the Republican Leader shows us what the final legislation will be," Schumer said in a speech on the Senate floor. "Clearly, the Senate Republican bill — repeal and replace —has failed. Sen. Paul's bill — repeal without replace — has failed. We know the Republicans are not going to take a final vote on the underlying House bill, which is still the pending legislation. And now the Republican leadership team, unmistakably at the direction of (Majority Leader Mitch McConnell), has been telling the press about a yet-to-be-disclosed final bill."
"Once the Majority Leader shows their hand, reveals what their bill will actually be, Democrats will use our opportunity to try to amend the bill," Schumer said. "But we have to see it first. And we ought to see it soon, in broad daylight, not at the 11th hour."
What happens after the 20 hours of debate are over?
A vote-a-rama will begin on amendments offered by senators. That is expected to start Thursday. It's not yet clear how long it will last.
Do Senate Republican leaders have an endgame?
With the defeat of the comprehensive replacement bill and the "clean" repeal bill, GOP leaders are now looking to pass a "skinny repeal" bill that would make limited changes to Obamacare. It would likely strip out the law's tax on medical devices and its requirements for individuals to buy health insurance and large employers to provide coverage for their workers.
If that plan passes the Senate, it may go to a conference committee of House and Senate negotiators who would try to work out a final compromise.
Democrats say Senate leaders just want to pass anything they can take to this conference committee, where the real bill would be crafted.
"It's becoming clearer that, in the end, the majority leader might push a much scaled-back version of repeal in the hopes of passing something, so-called skinny repeal, just to get to conference," Schumer said Wednesday. "But my colleagues, make no mistake about it, skinny repeal is equal to full repeal. It's a Trojan horse designed to get the House and Senate into conference where the hard-right flank of the Republican Caucus, the (House) Freedom Caucus, will demand full repeal or something very close to it."
Why has it been so difficult for the Senate to reach agreement?
Republican leaders have been trying to please the conservative and moderate wings of their party, and they have so far failed to win the support of both groups.
Conservatives generally want a complete repeal of Obamacare's taxes and regulations while moderates worry that ending the law's Medicaid expansion will leave struggling Americans with no way to afford medical coverage.
"Ultimately, we want to get legislation to finally end the failed Obamacare status quo through Congress and to the president's desk for their signature," McConnell, R-Ky., said Wednesday in a speech on the Senate floor. "This certainly won't be easy. Hardly anything in this process has been."
Read more:
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2w0MKPU
The dram in a can: Scottish whisky the way South Americans like it...
A Panama-based company believes outdoor drinkers would prefer to crack open a tin rather than lug round a bottle of whisky
It is a sight that will have whisky connoisseurs spluttering into their drink – a dram in a can.
A Panama-based company believes outdoor drinkers would prefer to crack open a tin rather than lug round a bottle of their favourite tipple.
Now bosses at Scottish Spirits – which retains an office in Glasgow – is testing out the novelty on its Caribbean and South American markets.
But last night the Scotch Whisky Association said it would try to ban the cans for breaching international labelling rules.
A spokesperson for the body said: ‘We are concerned that consumers may be confused whether or not the product is real Scotch and we will be investigating the matter further.'
Scottish Spirits launched the tins last week, the first time straight whisky has been sold in a can.
Chief executive Manish Panshal said: ‘We are really thrilled with the idea – it's going to be a part of every lifestyle and occasion.
‘The can is the perfect size to be shared between three people who can mix it with other things like cola.
‘It's lightweight and portable and entirely recyclable, which is good news. It will be one of the hot picks for any outdoor activities.'
World-renowned expert Jim Murray – author of The Whisky Bible – admitted they were intrigued.
They said: ‘Obviously, this is not the traditional way to sell a dram but I've seen it on draught in Chicago and out of plastic sachets in Uganda, so it might catch on somewhere. It will certainly be cheaper than buying a big bottle and Scotch spends some of its life in metal containers during the distillation process anyway.
‘But you probably wouldn't want it in aluminium cans for too long, because it would affect the taste.
‘And my biggest problem with the idea is that there's no way of knowing what it is you're buying – and this isn't proper Scotch.
‘I taste around 3,000 types a year and I can honestly say I have never come across these brands.'
They added: ‘I can't see it taking off here because a can would cheapen a product that Scots are rightly proud of. A tin of whisky could never make your heart skip a beat like a fine Scotch.'
Whisky in its more usual container. Scottish Spirits launched their tins last week, the first time straight whisky has been sold in a can
Scottish Spirits – which is canning its own-brand tipple and a blend called Sir Edwin's – was censured by the Advertising Standards Agency last September.
The watchdog ruled that its advertisements wrongly suggested it was a home-grown company selling Scotch.
A rival company made a complaint after spotting Scottish Spirits' ads in a trade magazine.
Scotch whisky exports are big business, with global sales three times those of its US rivals.
But when it comes to the home front, the picture is less rosy for the spirit, whatever container it comes in. UK whisky sales slipped by 11 per cent between 2005 and 2009.
There is little respite in sight. Sales are predicted to stay static at 6.5million cases until 2014, data from industry analyst International Wine and Spirits Research reveals.
The UK is the third biggest market for Scotch, after the US and France.
But industry insiders claim there is no cause for alarm.
Paul McLaughlin of food export quango Scotland Food and Drink said: ‘I don't think this is a cause for concern because the key focus is on exports. The home market is not the be-all and end-all.'
They say that conservatives tend to be more charitable. Hillary Clinton tends to take more from charity it seems. They charged $225,000.00 to speak to the University of Nevada at Las Vegas. It's wonderful they can charge that much, but perhaps they should have cut a deal with the taxpayer funded university. After all, they are deeply concerned about the rising costs of tuition for students.
As Jon Ralston noted
If Hillary speaks for 90 minutes – I bet they don't– that would be $2,500 a minute, or about the cost of 13 credits for an undergrad.
They may claim that they give the money to the Clinton Foundation, but that has its own problems. The students and alumni of UNLV are subsidizing the Clintons' lifestyle.
Seriously, what is it with these people? The Clintons have sucked from the taxpayer teet since the seventies and just can't seem to give it up.
0 0 0 6 0
Introduction
If you read my blog on Switch Embedded Teaming with RDMA (for SMB Direct) you'll notice that I set the -IeeePriorityTag to “On” on the vNICs that use DCB for QoS. This requires some explanation.
When you configure a Switch Embedded Teaming (SET) vSwitch and define one or more management OS vNICs on which you enable RDMA you will see that the SMB Direct traffic gets it priority tag set correctly. This always happens no matter what you set the -IeeePriorityTag option to. On or Off, it doesn't make a difference. It works out of the box.
When you have other traffic that needs to be tagged, let's say backup traffic over TCP/IP for example, not because you want to make it lossless via PFC but because you need the priority tag set to configure ETS (minimum QoS) you'll notice different behavior. No matter how correctly you have configured your Windows DCB setting that traffic doesn't seem to get tagged.
The lab setup
To explain what's going on we'll use a little lab setup to demonstrate a couple of things. This is our 2 node Windows Server 2016 lab clusters with a converged SET vSwitch. You can read more about such a setup in my blog post.
The DCB configuration is as follows on Node-A:
# Disable the DCBx setting: Set-NetQosDcbxSetting -Willing 0 # Create QoS policies and tag each type of traffic with the relevant priority New-NetQosPolicy “SMB” -NetDirectPortMatchCondition 445 -PriorityValue8021Action 4 New-NetQosPolicy “DEFAULT” -Default -PriorityValue8021Action 0 New-NetQosPolicy “TCP” -IPProtocolMatchCondition TCP -PriorityValue8021Action 1 New-NetQosPolicy “UDP” -IPProtocolMatchCondition UDP -PriorityValue8021Action 1 #Note that in a SET environment wit RDMA enabled vNIC the tagging happens on the vNICs Set-VMNetworkAdapterVLAN -ManagementOS -VMNetworkAdapterName SMB-1 -Access -vlanid 110 Set-VMNetworkAdapterVLAN -ManagementOS -VMNetworkAdapterName SMB-2 -Access -vlanid 110 # Enable Priority Flow Control (PFC) on a specific priority. Disable for others Enable-NetQosFlowControl -Priority 4 Disable-NetQosFlowControl 0,1,2,3,5,6,7 # Enable QoS on the relevant interface Enable-NetAdapterQos -InterfaceAlias “NODE-A-S4P1-SW12P05-SMB1” Enable-NetAdapterQos -InterfaceAlias "NODE-A-S4P2-SW13P05-SMB2" # Optionally, limit the bandwidth used by the SMB traffic to 60% New-NetQoSTrafficClass “SMB” -Priority 4 -Bandwidth 90 -Algorithm ETS New-NetQoSTrafficClass “Other” -Priority 1 -Bandwidth 9 -Algorithm ETS 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 # Disable the DCBx setting: Set - NetQosDcbxSetting - Willing 0 # Create QoS policies and tag each type of traffic with the relevant priority New - NetQosPolicy “ SMB ” - NetDirectPortMatchCondition 445 - PriorityValue8021Action 4 New - NetQosPolicy “ DEFAULT ” - Default - PriorityValue8021Action 0 New - NetQosPolicy “ TCP ” - IPProtocolMatchCondition TCP - PriorityValue8021Action 1 New - NetQosPolicy “ UDP ” - IPProtocolMatchCondition UDP - PriorityValue8021Action 1 #Note that in a SET environment wit RDMA enabled vNIC the tagging happens on the vNICs Set - VMNetworkAdapterVLAN - ManagementOS - VMNetworkAdapterName SMB - 1 - Access - vlanid 110 Set - VMNetworkAdapterVLAN - ManagementOS - VMNetworkAdapterName SMB - 2 - Access - vlanid 110 # Enable Priority Flow Control (PFC) on a specific priority. Disable for others Enable - NetQosFlowControl - Priority 4 Disable - NetQosFlowControl 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 6 , 7 # Enable QoS on the relevant interface Enable - NetAdapterQos - InterfaceAlias “ NODE - A - S4P1 - SW12P05 - SMB1 ” Enable - NetAdapterQos - InterfaceAlias "NODE-A-S4P2-SW13P05-SMB2" # Optionally, limit the bandwidth used by the SMB traffic to 60% New - NetQoSTrafficClass “ SMB ” - Priority 4 - Bandwidth 90 - Algorithm ETS New - NetQoSTrafficClass “ Other ” - Priority 1 - Bandwidth 9 - Algorithm ETS
Don't forget this needs to be done on Node-B as well, I hope that is evident.
StarWind Virtual SAN eliminates any need for physical shared storage just by mirroring internal flash and storage resources between hypervisor servers. Furthermore, the solution can be run on the off-the-shelf hardware. Such design allows StarWind Virtual SAN to not only achieve high performance and efficient hardware utilization but also reduce operational and capital expenses. Learn more about ➡ StarWind Virtual SAN .
What's going on?
So, what's going on here? Well, the traffic on the host does get tagged as configured by DCB actually. It's when we get to the vSwitch it becomes interesting.
Let's start out with the RDMA vNICs were we have not set the -IeeePriorityTag to “On”. SMB Direct traffic on the vNIC bypasses the vSwitch by design and it works as you would expect with or without the -IeeePriorityTag set to “On”.
Things are different for non-SMB Direct traffic. If you do not set the -IeeePriorityTag to “On” the priority value is reset to 0. Note that this is not untagged traffic, the VLAN tag is still there, but the priority is set to 0. Below you can see TCP/IP traffic over a tagged vNIC that gets its priority set to 1 but when it hits the vSwitch it's reset to 0.
If you do set -IeeePriorityTag to “On” the priority tagged packets will go by unchanged.
To do so we run:
$NicSMB1 = Get-VMNetworkAdapter -Name SMB-1 -ManagementOS $NicSMB2 = Get-VMNetworkAdapter -Name SMB-2 -ManagementOS Set-VMNetworkAdapter -VMNetworkAdapter $NicSMB2 -IeeePriorityTag On Set-VMNetworkAdapter -VMNetworkAdapter $NicSMB1 -IeeePriorityTag On Get-VMNetworkAdapter -ManagementOS -Name "SMB*" | fl Name,SwitchName,IeeePriorityTag,Status 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 $ NicSMB1 = Get - VMNetworkAdapter - Name SMB - 1 - ManagementOS $ NicSMB2 = Get - VMNetworkAdapter - Name SMB - 2 - ManagementOS Set - VMNetworkAdapter - VMNetworkAdapter $ NicSMB2 - IeeePriorityTag On Set - VMNetworkAdapter - VMNetworkAdapter $ NicSMB1 - IeeePriorityTag On Get - VMNetworkAdapter - ManagementOS - Name "SMB*" | fl Name , SwitchName , IeeePriorityTag , Status
Do remember to do this on all hosts for this to work in all directions. Below you can see me sending traffic from Node-A now with its priority tag 1 intact instead of being reset to 0.
When we now run priority tagged TCP/IP traffic and SMB Direct traffic from node A to node B we see they both get their minimum bandwidth as defined by the DCB/ETS settings. 9% for TCP/IP, 90% for SMB Direct (1% is the remainder, the default).
Conclusion
Unless you really don't care about anything else than SMB Direct traffic to be tagged with a QoS priority you'll need to enable IeeeTagging on your vNIC. If you do not do so, you cannot avoid the priority tag for non-SMB Direct traffic being set to 0. Which means that you cannot configure PFC and ETS for that traffic. This is something to keep in mind. The fact that the RDMA traffic on a vNIC actually bypasses the switch by default and as such won't have its priority tag set to 0 confused me initially as I figured the priority tag for DCB would not be removed for any type of traffic. That's before I found out that I indeed still needed to turn on the IeeePriorityTag on those vNICs. In reality, it's not different from how we deal with classification and tagging for QoS in the management OS and trusted virtual machine without hardware-based QoS via hardware (NICs & switches via DCB with PFC/ETS) being involved.
Related materials:
Views All-Time Views All Time 2 Views Today 6
Appreciate how useful this article was to you?
5 out of 5, based on 1 review 5 out of 5, based on 1 review
Turns out, we did see a Statcast™ record fall on Sunday, even if it wasn't immediately as obvious as someone hitting a ball harder than Stanton does or longer than Kris Bryant did. Royals first baseman Eric Hosmer, wisely attempting to lay down a bunt to beat the shift in the sixth inning, made it from home to first in 3.92 seconds -- not just the fastest home-to-first time of any first baseman on record, but also the first time a first baseman has been tracked below 4.1 seconds going back to the start of the 2015 season. Though he'd later be forced out at second, their hustle (reaching a top speed of 21.4 mph on the bunt single) set the table for a three-run Royals inning.
All offseason long, we've been eagerly looking forward to the second year of Statcast™ in order to validate what we learned from the first year and see what sort of exciting applications we can put the data towards in year two. But let's be honest: We mostly want to see records fall. We want to see someone hit harder than Giancarlo Stanton, and throw harder than Aroldis Chapman, if that's even possible.
All offseason long, we've been eagerly looking forward to the second year of Statcast™ in order to validate what we learned from the first year and see what sort of exciting applications we can put the data towards in year two. But let's be honest: We mostly want to see records fall. We want to see someone hit harder than Giancarlo Stanton, and throw harder than Aroldis Chapman, if that's even possible.
Turns out, we did see a Statcast™ record fall on Sunday, even if it wasn't immediately as obvious as someone hitting a ball harder than Stanton does or longer than Kris Bryant did. Royals first baseman Eric Hosmer, wisely attempting to lay down a bunt to beat the shift in the sixth inning, made it from home to first in 3.92 seconds -- not just the fastest home-to-first time of any first baseman on record, but also the first time a first baseman has been tracked below 4.1 seconds going back to the start of the 2015 season. Though he'd later be forced out at second, their hustle (reaching a top speed of 21.4 mph on the bunt single) set the table for a three-run Royals inning.
While we grant that as a lefty hitter laying down a bunt, Hosmer had a bit of an advantage on their side, this actually lines up well with what we learned about home-to-first speed from 2015. Last year, we measured 397 players who had at least three qualified "competitive plays," which we defined as being plays at or above a hitter's 90th percentile speed, in order to weed out the lazy jogs on obvious outs.
Thirty-eight first basemen made the cut -- Hosmer tops among them.
2015 first basemen: Average home-to-first times on "competitive plays" (minimum three qualified plays)
1. Hosmer, 4.32 seconds
2. Brandon Belt, 4.36 seconds
3. Brandon Moss, 4.42 seconds
4. Ben Paulsen, 4.41 seconds
5. Eric Campbell, 4.42 seconds
The sixth name on that list would have been Paul Goldschmidt, just a fraction of a second behind Campbell, and that makes sense, because since 2011, Goldschmidt (67) and Hosmer (49) are the only two first basemen with more than 33 stolen bases. But while Goldschmidt manages that by being a savvy baserunner who takes the largest Statcast-measured leads in baseball, Hosmer does it with much better-than-expected speed, at least for their position.
Gif: Eric Hosmer ties game in World Series game 5
It's not like we haven't seen this in action, anyway. Hosmer went first-to-third on a single 12 times in 2015, the same number as Kevin Kiermaier, Ben Revere and A.J. Pollock -- all noted for their speed -- and more than Dee Gordon or Mookie Betts. When Hosmer had the opportunity to take an extra base, they did so 52 percent of the time, more than Gordon (48 percent) or Goldschmidt (44 percent), and only three others in baseball scored from first on a double more often than their 10. The Royals are known to be aggressive on the bases, and their first baseman hasn't acted like they want to be left out.
Oh, and there was the time that Hosmer tied up Game 5 of the World Series with two outs in the ninth inning with their mad dash home (top speed of 19.7 mph) on a grounder to third base, which is a play you might remember a little about. At the time, the prevailing opinion was that they probably took too much of a risk in going, and that only a poor throw from Mets first baseman Lucas Duda saved them from a game-ending out.
Perhaps that's true, and that a good throw would have nailed Hosmer. Then again, they don't run like a normal first baseman, and they don't act like one on the bases. Now, Hosmer has something he'll surely value as much as the World Series ring he'll receive with the rest of their teammates: A Statcast™ baserunning record.
PFF scouting report: James Conner, RB, Pittsburgh
Name: James Conner
School: Pittsburgh
Position fit: Running back
Stats to know: Conner's 88 broken tackles as a runner in 2014 are the second-most in a single season out of the past three years, behind only Dalvin Cook's 92 in 2016.
What they do best:
Scheme-diverse. Has experience and success in zone, gap, power schemes.
Good vision, has a knack for finding their way through traffic and finding cutback lanes at the second level.
Shows great balance through contact, tough to bring down and will drag defenders to gain extra yardage.
Has an element of finesse to their game even with their big frame, can be much more than just a typical big, power back.
Utilized in the passing game more in 2016. Not going to be a big receiving threat, but has showed he's at least capable and has good hands.
Biggest concerns:
While it's not their game, lack of speed is somewhat of a concern. Will they leave some yards on the field when they are able to break off bigger runs?
Should be better in pass protection than they are given theirs size.
Their impressive 2014 season came behind a Pittsburgh offensive line that was the best run-blocking line in the nation.
Will they get back to their 2014 form?
Bottom line: Conner has dealt with more adversity over the past year and a half than most college football players. After having one of the most productive running back performances in the nation in 2014, their follow-up season was derailed by a torn MCL in the season opener, and a Hodgkin's lymphoma diagnosis later in the season before they could return to the field. They were fortunate to be declared cancer-free in 2016 and was able to reclaim their starting job last season.
Understandably, they didn't quite look like the same running back as before. However, they improved as the season progressed, and their burst, change of direction, and strength through contact were all noticeably better by the end of the year. They still are very difficult to bring down and will consistently gain yardage through final contact. Their balance on contact is impressive and allows them to shed tacklers with ease. Even if they never gets back to their 2014 form, they can make an impact as a short-yardage back in the NFL. However, Conner could be one of the steals of the draft and earn a significant workload at the next level if another year removed from the health issues and having a full offseason of workouts helps them fully get back to their prior level of play.
Reporter Of Piece On Kushner's Baltimore-Area Holdings Talks To C4
Thousands of Baltimore city and county residents deal with predatory practices and poor upkeep in their apartments and rowhouses without knowing that the person on the other end of their rent checks or liens or court judgments is one of President Donald Trump's closest advisers... and their son in law.
Alec MacGillis, a Baltimore resident and reporter for ProPublica, came in Friday to talk to C4 about the piece they reported for the nonprofit outlet and The New York Times Magazine.
"Virtually all of the people I spoke to at these complexes had no idea that their complex was owned by the son in law of the president," MacGillis said. "And they were stunned when they found out."
Kushner's JK2 Westminster LLC and other companies didn't always own so many properties in Baltimore and elsewhere. It was only about five years ago that they started buying the decades-old complexes from other owners. The Baltimore area has the largest share of these properties--13 in Baltimore County, two in Baltimore city, with most on the east side of Baltimore County.
"But what they did was after they bought these complexes, they went back into the files looking for people, old debt from prior years...going back and looking for anyone who they could find to go back for more money," MacGillis said.
They said that in some cases, these claw-backs were "completely unjustified," that people had left with permission way back when, but couldn't afford attorneys when chased down by the Kushner Companies. Many who live in the properties now are working class, often working at the Amazon fulfillment center or area casinos. Though many pay their own rent, there are some on Section 8 vouchers, and many others only just manage to scrape by, MacGillis said.
MacGillis recounted one story of a woman dying of pancreatic cancer when lawyers came after them Them daughter, they said, left a lease they co-signed a month or two early.
"Years later, they come after the mom and the mom are literally at death's door," MacGillis said. "She was in hospice care and the family let the court know this...and they came after them anyway. Big judgment against her, they died two weeks after the judgment."
At the same time, they said, upkeep in these complexes has suffered in the past few years, with staff slow to respond to issues.
While Kushner has stepped away from the family real estate business since taking a role in the Trump administration, they still have kept 90 percent of their real estate holdings. MacGillis said it struck them that those most dumbfounded to learn who their landlord really was described themselves as Trump supporters.
"H\ere we are 40 miles from Washington, people have no idea their landlord is the very powerful son-in-law of the president," they said.
X
X
X
Jeremy Corbyn almost got away with murder in the general election campaign as their spending spree was economically illiterate, according to Conservative MP Nigel Evans.
They made the comments during an interview with Julia Hartley-Brewer about the public sector pay cap, with many cabinet ministers starting to put pressure on the Prime Minister and Chancellor to lift it.
The MP for Ribble Valley told Julia: "Jeremy Corbyn got away with murder almost during the general election campaign because we had our own useless manifesto and all the attention was on that.
"He was on a massive spending spree, the likes of which I've never seen before and they said only the top 5% of earners are going to pay for all of this.
"It was economically illiterate. What we've got to make sure that we do is, in trying to relax the cap on some of the lowest paid in the public sector, is that we don't become economically illiterate too."
Listen to the audio above
Jadav "Molai" Payeng (born 1963) is an environmental activist[1] and forestry worker from Jorhat, India.[2][3] Over the course of several decades, they planted and tended trees on a sandbar of the river Brahmaputra turning it into a forest reserve. The forest, called Molai forest after him,[4] is located near Kokilamukh of Jorhat, Assam, India and encompasses an area of about 1,360 acres / 550 hectares.[5][6] In 2015, they were honoured with Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award in India.[7] They were born in the indigenous Mising tribe[8] of Assam.
Career [ edit ]
In 1979, Payeng, then 16, encountered a large number of snakes that had died due to excessive heat after floods washed them onto the tree-less sandbar. That is when they planted around 20 bamboo seedlings on the sandbar.[6][9] They started working on the forest in 1979 when the social forestry division of Golaghat district launched a scheme of tree plantation on 200 hectares at Aruna Chapori situated at a distance of 5 km from Kokilamukh in Jorhat district. Molai was one of the labourers who worked in that project which was completed after five years. They chose to stay back after the completion of the project even after other workers left. They not only looked after the plants, but continued to plant more trees on their own, in an effort to transform the area into a forest.
The forest, which came to be known as Molai forest, now houses Bengal tigers, Indian rhinoceros, and over 100 deer and rabbits. Molai forest is also home to monkeys and several varieties of birds, including a large number of vultures.[5] There are several thousand trees, including valcol, arjun (Terminalia arjuna), ejar (Lagerstroemia speciosa), goldmohur (Delonix regia), koroi (Albizia procera), moj (Archidendron bigeminum) and himolu (Bombax ceiba). Bamboo covers an area of over 300 hectares.[10]
A herd of around 100 elephants regularly visits the forest every year and generally stay for around six months. They have given birth to 10 calves in the forest in recent years.[10]
Their efforts became known to the authorities in 2008, when forest department officials went to the area in search of a herd of 115 elephants that had retreated into the forest after damaging property in the village of Aruna Chapori, which is about 1.5 km from the forest. The officials were surprised to see such a large and dense forest and since then the department has regularly visited the site.[10]
In 2013, poachers tried to kill the rhinos staying in the forest but failed in their attempt due to Molai who alerted department officials. Officials promptly seized various articles used by the poachers to trap the animals.[10]
Molai is ready to manage the forest in a better way and to go to other places of the state to start a similar venture. Now their aim is to spread their forest to another sand bar inside of Brahmaputra.[11][12]
Personal life [ edit ]
Jadav Payeng belongs to the Mising tribe in Assam, India. They live in a small hut in the forest. Binita, their wife, and their 3 children (two sons and a daughter) accompany him.[5] They have cattle and buffalo on their farm and sells the milk for their livelihood, which is their only source of income.[5] In an interview from 2012, they revealed that they have lost around 100 of their cows and buffaloes to the tigers in the forest, but blames the people who carry out large scale encroachment and destruction of forests as the root cause of the plight of wild animals.[11]
Honours [ edit ]
Jadav Payeng was honoured at a public function arranged by the School of Environmental Sciences, Jawaharlal Nehru University[13] on 22 April 2012 for their achievement. They shared their experience of creating a forest in an interactive session, where Magsaysay Award winner Rajendra Singh and JNU vice-chancellor Sudhir Kumar Sopory were present. Sopory named Jadav Payeng as the "Forest Man of India".[6][14] In the month of October 2013, they were honoured at the Indian Institute of Forest Management during their annual event Coalescence. In 2015, they were honoured with Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award in India. They received honorary doctorate degree from Assam Agricultural University and Kaziranga University for their contributions.
In popular culture [ edit ]
Jadav and the Tree-Place[15] by Vinayak Varma An illustration of Jadav Payeng, from the biographical children's bookby Vinayak Varma
Payeng has been the subject of a number of documentaries in the recent years. A locally made film documentary, produced by Jitu Kalita in 2012, The Molai Forest,[16] was screened at the Jawaharlal Nehru University. Jitu Kalita, who lives near Payeng's house, has also been featured and given recognition for good reporting by projecting the life of Payeng through their documentary.
The 2013 film documentary Foresting life,[17][18] directed by the Indian documentary filmmaker Aarti Shrivastava, celebrates the life and work of Jadav Payeng in the Molai forest. These are also the focus of William Douglas McMaster's 2013 film documentary Forest Man.[19] With 8,327 USD pledged on its Kickstarter campaign, the film was brought to completion and taken to a number of film festivals.[20] It was awarded the Best Documentary prize at the Emerging Filmmaker Showcase in the American Pavilion at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.[21][22]
Payeng is also the subject of the children's book Jadav and the Tree-Place,[15] written and illustrated by Vinayak Varma.[23] The book was published by the open-source children's publishing platform StoryWeaver,[24][25] and its production was funded by a grant from the Oracle Giving Initiative.[26][27]
See also [ edit ]
I'm totally a sucker for one-pot meals. I mean, fewer dishes? Less fuss and muss (whatever “muss” is)? I'm in. So when I saw one-pot pasta floating around Pinterest awhile back, I was intrigued. I made Martha Stewart's version pretty much immediately, and I loved it. And, because I'm a food blogger and this is what I do, I tweaked and fiddled. This One-Pot Pasta Primavera is one of my favorite outcomes so far.
I love the concept of one-pot pasta. Essentially, you put all the ingredients into the pot, including the uncooked pasta and water (or broth). And then you cook, tossing constantly, for several minutes, until most of the liquid has cooked off and the pasta and accompanying veggies are tender, perfect, and saucy.
This One-Pot Pasta Primavera is perfect for spring. With tender asparagus tips, broccoli florets, and a smattering of peas, it's got lots of green to go around. Onions, mushrooms, garlic, and parsley add a little more oomph and flavor. True to classic Pasta Primavera form, we make it a tad creamy by ending with a bit of cream (just a splash!) and a sprinkle of grated Parmesan.
A few tips for one-pot pasta success:
Use a heavy, roomy pot. There will be lots of stirring and tossing.
If you have them, use long-handled tongs. Short handles keep you a little too close to the heat. Ouch!
Select a dried pasta that has a cooking time of between 9-11 minutes. Otherwise, you may end up with under-cooked pasta, or worse, mushy mush.
Once it starts boiling, be sure to toss and stir constantly! Otherwise the pasta will start sticking, and clean-up might make you sad.
This post was originally published on March 17, 2014.
A growing body of research links calorie-restriction to longevity, and now a new study suggests that eating less may help keep the mind sharper, too.
The study in mice found that eating a low-calorie diet could reduce genetic changes linked to age-related cognitive and memory decline.
Researchers led by Stephen Ginsberg, an associate professor of neuroscience at NYU Langone Medical Center and a research scientist at the Nathan Kline Institute for Psychiatric Research, focused their study on female mice, which, like humans, are more prone to dementia than males. The team gave food pellets to the rodents that were 30 percent lower in calories than what they fed to the control group. In particular, the mice ate fewer calories derived from carbohydrates.
The researchers then analyzed brain tissue of the rodents in middle-age and adulthood, particularly the hippocampal region, which is greatly impacted in the early stages of Alzheimer's disease. They found the mice that were fed a lower calorie diet had fewer changes in 900 genes that are linked to aging and memory.
Intermittent fasting could lead to bad habits
Ginsberg said in a press release that this finding "widens the door to further study into calorie restriction and anti-aging genetics." They presented their paper at the annual conference for the Society for Neuroscience on Nov. 17.
Calorie restriction has been found to extend life by 30 to 50 percent in a number of animals, including rats, mice, fruit flies and roundworms. However, the phenomenon has not been well-documented in humans, though researchers link low-calorie diets to reducing a number of age-related conditions including heart disease, high blood pressure and stroke.
Though it's still unclear why calorie restriction would have these benefits, researchers offer a number of possible explanations. Some say chronic under-eating puts the body in physiological defensive state, activating the stress response, a process known as hormesis. Other researchers suggest that keeping life low-cal alters a person's microbiome, the collection of bacteria in our bodies. Gut bacteria, in particular, have been linked to a variety of chronic diseases.
Many proponents of intermittent fasting say the diet helps to reduce the accumulation of oxidative radicals, which impede cell function. Others say calorie restriction prevents the development of insulin resistance, which also reduces the risk of certain age-related diseases such as diabetes and cancer.
However, some experts question the benefits of skipping that second helping. A 23-year study on rhesus monkeys conducted by researchers at the National Institutes of Health and published in Nature, found that monkeys on a calorie-restricted diets didn't live longer than monkeys that ate a diet high in calories.
Ric McIver's lawyer says Alberta's ethics commissioner went "too far" after finding the interim Progressive Conservative leader in breach of conflict of interest rules.
Brendan Miller plans to fight against Marguerite Trussler's decision on behalf of their client at a judicial review that will take place in Calgary next year.
In their January report, Trussler recommended McIver pay a $500 fine and apologize after they asked the premier about the government's new electricity price cap during question period last November.
McIver's wife, Christine, is the sole shareholder of electricity retailer Brighter Futures Energy Inc.
"To find somebody to be in a conflict for asking a question in question period is unprecedented," said Miller.
Battle 'bigger than just about me': McIver
The decision to fight Trussler's findings came after McIver and the PC caucus analyzed the decision and were concerned about the precedent it set relating to the parliamentary privilege of free speech.
"This is a battle that's bigger than just about me," said McIver.
"This isn't about $500 and an apology, this is about the right of all elected members of every assembly in the British Commonwealth ... to be able to speak openly in the legislatures and the parliaments."
On Nov. 22, Premier Rachel Notley announced the province would cap consumer power rates at a maximum of 6.8 cents per kilowatt hour for four years, starting June 1, 2017.
Read McIver's comments below:
"The premier seems unaware that today's low prices are the result of competition and that an artificial price cap will limit investment and, by extension, limit that competition.
"Combined with the carbon tax costs, this will surely make Alberta the worst place in Canada to generate power. To the premier: why are you doing everything in your power to run these companies, many of which are owned by taxpayers, out of business?"
McIver's application argues Trussler erred in law and departed from a reasonable standard when making them findings.
"[The report] infringes essentially on the rights of the electoral district of Calgary-Hays and its constituents in the fact that it prevents Mr. McIver from representing their interests," said Miller.
McIver's application for judicial review argues there was no decision to influence as the NDP had already announced it was capping consumer power rates.
Hearing set for January 2018
McIver was found to have violated a section of the Conflicts of Interest Act that says politicians are not allowed to influence the Crown regarding matters in which they have a stake.
Miller says Trussler erred when considering the NDP the Crown.
The decision to request a judicial review is a change of heart for McIver, who issued a written statement in January saying they accepted Trussler's findings.
"It didn't really in my heart sit right so I thought, 'Well, OK, what's it going to hurt to get some advice.' And the advice I got is that it may not be OK so now we're going to find out," said McIver.
Trussler was a judge in the Court of Queen's Bench in Alberta for 20 years and chaired the Joint Legislative Review Committee of the Law Society and the Canadian Bar Association.
The judicial review is set to take place in the Court of Queen's Bench in Calgary in January 2018. That was the first available date due to a backlog in Alberta's courts.
A Roman era sundial on display at a museum in Side, Turkey
The Roman clock, or time of day, was divided into 24 hours (Latin horae), 12 hours of light and 12 hours of darkness. [1]
Seasonal change in the hourly length of daytime [ edit ]
Since the daytime duration varied with the seasons, this also meant that the length of the hour changed, with shorter hours in winter and longer hours in summer.[1] The Romans also understood that the length of daytime depended on latitude. At mediterranean latitude, one hour was only about 45 minutes on the winter solstice, but about 75 minutes on the summer solstice.[2][3]
horae and vigiliae on Duration and distribution ofandon equinoxes and solstices of the year AD 8 for Forum Romanum
Local timekeeping across the Roman Empire [ edit ]
Since local habits varied across the empire, local Roman habits also varied. In particular, whether the day started from sunrise, or later midnight (as Romans), or from sunset as Athenians and Jews. The Romans also divided the day into other periods, such as media noctis inclinatio "midnight," gallicinium "cock-crow",[4] conticinium (with variants such as conticuum) "hush of the night," and diluculum, "decline of the day."[5] The Jewish and early Christian subjects of the empire often had different methods of timekeeping.[6]
Beginning of the Roman day [ edit ]
hora and vigilia.[7] A diagram illustrating variable lengths of the segments calledand Forum Romanum AD 8.
hora, hora noctis and vigilia. Forum Romanum AD 8. Lengths ofand. Forum Romanum AD 8.
horae and vigiliae changing during the year AD 8, Forum Romanum. Lengths and distribution ofandchanging during the year AD 8, Forum Romanum.
The Roman civil and religious day began at midnight from a very early time.[8] Shlolars such as Unger (1892) and Ramsay (1896) maintain that the hours were always counted from dusk and dawn, hence that the "sixth hour" of the night or day represented midnight and midday respectively.
Jack Finegan (1964) argues with little evidence that Romans counted the "sixth hour" from midnight.[9][10] This would make it ambiguous whether the New Testament refers to local Hebrew time or Roman time. For example, the Gospel of John depicts Pilate saying "behold your king" to the people of Jerusalem at "the sixth hour". In Hebrew time, this would mean noon (or midnight), but if John used the supposed Roman time, it would be six o'clock in the morning.[11] The Gospel of Mark refers to Christ being crucified at the "third hour," darkness from "the sixth hour to the ninth hour," and Christ's last words shortly after the "ninth hour".[12] If John wrote from Ephesus after AD 70, they would be writing in a more Roman milieu, and would likely be using Roman time, which Finegan thinks counted third, sixth, and ninth hours from noon.
To indicate that it is a day or night hour Romans used expressions such as for example prima diei hora,[17] prima noctis hora,[17] hora prima noctis.[15]
Watches of the night [ edit ]
The Romans divided the night into four watches, (Latin vigiliae plural), following the Greek practice (Greek φυλακή), since, as Vegetius explains, a city-guard could not stand watch all night.[20] For example, "in the fourth watch of night" (quarta vigilia noctis) meant just before dawn.
According to many sources each watch consisted of three of the twelve listed previously night hours.[16][17][18][19][21]
Time keeping devices [ edit ]
The Romans used various timekeeping devices including the clepsydra, or water clock, and the Greek sundial[22]. Censorinus describes the introduction of sundials to Rome by Manius Valerius after their victories in Sicily.[23] A humorous comment about the prevalence of sundials is illustrated by a character in The Boeotian Woman, a drama by Plautus, who complains "May the gods destroy that man who first discovered hours and who first set up a sundial here, who cut up my day."; though the comparison is with the speaker's young days when a child is free of timekeeping, not about the introduction of sundials.[24] Marcus Vitruvius Pollio lists various types of sundials in Book IX of their De Architectura, with attributions to their Greek inventors.[25]
Modern remnants [ edit ]
The Roman day starting at dawn survives today in the Spanish word siesta , literally the sixth hour of the day.
, literally the hour of the day. The daytime canonical hours of the Catholic Church take their names from the Roman clock: the prime, terce, sext and none (liturgy) occur during the first ( prīma ) - 6am, third ( tertia ) - 9am, sixth ( sexta ) - 12pm, and ninth ( nōna ) = 3pm, hours of the day.
) - 6am, third ( ) - 9am, sixth ( ) - 12pm, and ninth ( ) = 3pm, hours of the day. The English term noon is also derived from the ninth hour, although due to semantic drift now refers to midday rather than mid-afternoon.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
a b c d e hora is first.[7][13][14][15][16][17][18] For example hora quarta. Sources where the wordis first.For example ^ noctis, for example hora quinta noctis.[15] Names with added adjective, for example ^ hora is second.[19] For example quarta hora. Sources where the wordis second.For example a b vigiliae in spanish (primera, segunda, tercera and quarta vigilia).[16] Galvez 2006 - the names ofin(primera, segunda, tercera and quarta vigilia). ^ horae corresponding to vigiliae listed without numbers of hours.[16][17][18] References with the names ofcorresponding tolisted without numbers of hours. a b vigilia prima not listed, other vigiliae in conjunction with names of night hours (without their numbers): hora quarta and vigilia secunda, hora sexta and vigilia tertia, hora decima and vigilia quarta.[17] Traupman 2007 -not listed, otherin conjunction with names of night hours (without their numbers):andandand ^ vigilia is second.[18][19] For example quarta vigilia. Sources where the wordis second.For example ^ vigilia is first.[7][15][17] For example vigilia quarta. Sources where the wordis first.For example
Newcastle University has issued an alert, warning prospective students to be careful when seeking to apply and pay online for courses, after discovering the existence of a sophisticated phishing scam.
The university, which resides on the domain ncl.ac.uk, has discovered scammers have created a website to trick prospective students into parting with personal details and tuition fees.
The website, newcastleinternationaluniversity.com, uses similar branding colours and fonts to the original site, but includes flashy animation and a more sophisticated layout, almost as if the scammers are hoping to convince people, particularly prospective foreign students, that it is the real website.
"We have been made aware of an unofficial website which is fraudulently using the Newcastle University brand and accepting credit card payments to apply for courses," the university announced on its Twitter account.
"The website 'newcastle international university' is in no way associated with the University and we are advising anyone who finds the website not to submit any personal details. All students should use our official website http://www.ncl.ac.uk/."
It is not known how many people have been tricked by the website, but the level of detail is impressive. The site is being used to harvest everything from credit card information to passport details and date of birth, which would be useful to the scammers if they decide to steal victims' identities, as well as scamming them out of thousands of pounds in tuition fees.
"Newcastle University's response has been admirable, quickly identifying and warning prospects about the site. Yet it is often very hard for a company or organisation to know if their site has been spoofed until someone has already become a victim. This is why the public need to have greater awareness of the issue of spoofing and take care to protect themselves online," Azeem Aleem, RSA Security's director of Advanced Cyber Defence Practice for EMEA told IBTimes UK.
"[The scammers] have been careful about targeting, focusing on overseas students who may not have the local knowledge to spot the difference between this site and Newcastle University's official site."
Here's how to stay safe online
RSA Security advises that users take care on the internet to prevent themselves from being scammed, including:
Offshore wind power isn't the easiest thing to build. The turbines themselves are large and complex, and need to keep working for decades in some of the harshest conditions on the planet. As well as the windmill, there's a support structure needed for every turbine to keep it upright and spinning; then there are the connecters that take the power back to land, where it's needed. A ballpark figure of around £1 million ($1.5 million) for each turbine isn't an exaggeration.
Nevertheless, several countries are surging forward with a massive installation in the coming year, and first among them is Germany. In 2015, Germany will install over two gigawatts of offshore wind power, almost four times as much as the 529 megawatts installed the previous year, according to the research firm GlobalData. In hiking its installation so much, Germany will overtake the UK as the biggest installer of offshore wind globally, GlobalData points out—though the UK will still have much more capacity overall. (Denmark comes behind the UK in the pecking order by capacity, followed by Belgium and, for the moment at least, China.)
Reuters/Fabian Bimmer Sigmar Gabriel, German Minister for Economic Affairs, at the opening ceremony of the Dan Tysk offshore wind farm, located 70 km (43.5 miles) west of the German island of Sylt in the North Sea, April 30, 2015.
Germany's need to find new sources of power is imperative. In 2011, following the Fukushima disaster in Japan, Germany took the decision to shut down all its nuclear reactors. Up until then, a quarter of its power came from nuclear. That has since fallen to about 17% and is likely to keep falling, with both the people and the government opposed to the technology, according to the World Nuclear Association: “Public opinion in Germany remains broadly opposed to nuclear power with virtually no support for building new nuclear plants,” the organization says.
At the same time, Germany has hugely ambitious green goals. Five years ago it set a goal to produce 18% of its energy from renewables by 2020 (the latest figures show it having reached 12.4%). The country also wants to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2020, compared with 1990 levels, and by 80% by 2050. The transformation is knows as the Energiewende—literally “energy turn.”
In the short term, the closure of nuclear reactors hampered that goal. Germany found itself burning more coal than previously, in part because coal was cheap, but also because there was an imperative to keep the lights on in the transition phase. But it is building new sources of generation and, as the offshore figures show, building them fast: A whole raft of projects is coming online at the same time.
Reuters/Fabian Bimmer An installation vessel with cranes, used by German energy company E.O.N., is at the “Amrumbank West” wind farm 35 kilometres (22 miles) north of the German island of Heligoland, in November 2014.
China is also planning an array of offshore projects this year, which will see it eventually overtake the UK for annual installations, according to GlobalData. Still, the UK's position as top offshore power producer is likely safe for the moment: It already had over 4 gigawatts of capacity at the end of 2014, compared with Germany's 1.3 gigawatts, according to the Global Wind Energy Council.
And it, too, is still building. “Germany might install this year more capacity, but it is a long way off from having more capacity in total,” said Nick Medic, director of offshore renewables for Renewable UK, an industry association.
A yacht owner, hoping to be reunited with their abandoned boat after learning it had sailed itself across the Atlantic to the UK, had their hopes dashed when the Irish Navy sunk it.
Thomas Mallanut, from Germany, had to desert their 25ft boat after their wife became ill while they were sailing off the coast of Bermuda.
Almost a year later, they were contacted saying the boat, worth tens of thousands of pounds, had been sighted near the UK – nearly 3,000 miles from where the owners had left it.
Hoping to be reunited with their yacht, named Troll, Mr Mallanut travelled to Cornwall where local man David Chidell offered their help.
But today they learned that as the boat drifted past the Irish coast, the Irish Navy were ordered to board the vessel and sink it because it was a hazard to shipping.
Mr Chidell, of Mylor Bridge, near Truro, said: “It's a sad end to the story because I had been hoping to help Tom find their yacht as it drifted past the Cornish coast.
“I can't believe it had travelled 2,700 miles in 10 months, and it could have drifted north towards Greenland last winter. It's incredible it survived.
“Tom never wanted to abandon their yacht but they had no choice - their wife became very ill. They were unable to drink or eat. They couldn't keep it down.
“He had to put out an appeal for rescue and a tanker then came to their aid.
• Amateur sailors defy the odds to race round the world
• British sailor dies in Clipper Round The World Race freak accident
"He had to decide whether to stay with their seriously ill wife or with the boat. They decided to stay with theirs wife.
"He thought they would never see Troll again.
“It's just a shame when Tom was told in August that the Irish Navy had spotted it they aren't subsequently informed they had decided to sink it.”
Mr Mallanut and their wife, who is fully recovered, vowed not to let the incident put them off sailing and are planning to save money to buy a new boat and return to a life on the sea.
Cyanide & Happiness is a web comic (also available in book form) that gets pretty dark at times — as the name implies. Abortion, religion, death, and suicide are among the topics tackled by the four-man black-comedy team.
Yesterday, co-creator Rob DenBleyker found out they had been banned from Facebook for 12 hours. Their offense? This comic (I can't say I even understood the joke at first), which had been on their personal Facebook page for four months.
Out of the blue, someone (or several people?) decided that such heresy must be reported and punished.
Explains DenBleyker,
I stuck this one on my Facebook page shortly after it went on our site. … Through likes and shares, it reached over a million people overall. It makes me feel really good that my silly comic was viewed by that many people. But then four months later, this morning, I logged in to an alert that the comic had been removed for being abusive, followed by a 12 hour ban message. … This strip is a dude innocently using a crucifix as a workout machine rather than a torture device. I don't want to toot my own horn, but this could possibly be the most G-rated cartoon about a crucifix ever made.
Like I said, this comic was viewed by a million people. It would be fair to say most of them weren't fans of my page, or readers of Cyanide & Happiness. They saw it on their news feeds due to others sharing it. I offended some very specific people, the kinds of people who don't like my comics to begin with, and those people filed reports. Enough of them did so that Facebook banned the comic, and banned me. That's kind of a weird protocol. The largest social platform (which makes it a platform for art and ideas, too) in history blocks content and threatens creators based solely on the opinions of a minority that doesn't even care for said content to begin with. I think you can do better, Facebook.
He's left scratching their head about Team Zuckerberg's odd and inconsistent censorship — a problem not just in this instance, but across the board.
One solution DenBleyker proposes:
Include a feature by which people who don't like a thing don't have to see it on their [Facebook] feed. I would gladly welcome an “I Hate This” button on my page if it means people who don't like what I make never have to see it.
Fine by me. Or we could just all live by Stephen Fry‘s suitably grown-up credo:
A man can dream.
Create a Clean-Code App with Kotlin Coroutines and Android Architecture Components — Part 3
The View
Marek Langiewicz Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 23, 2017
This is the third blog post about using Kotlin Coroutines and Android Architecture Components in one simple weather app.
Please read the first and second part if you haven't yet
We already have a working app implemented as the MainModel class. Now we need to create the UI for it. This part will be android specific.
Unfortunately, the MainModel is already a bit android specific because it uses LiveData (and ViewModel) from Android Architecture Components
06 View
The MainActivity class represents a View that observes our Model.
Thanks to Android Architecture Components, our activity is really small. We don't need to override any lifecycle methods like onStart, onResume, onPause, onStop, etc… We only need onCreate to set things up.
In onCreate method we set up content view, action bar, optionally the drawer, and the recycler view's adapter. Just usual android stuff. Beside that we do two more things:
We set up a click listener in navigation view with cities, so it invokes the SelectCity action on our model (line 25)
action on our (line 25) We initialize the model itself (line 28)
Let's take a closer look at the model initialization:
First line (32) gets the MainModel instance from ViewModelProvider which in turn is provided by ViewModelProviders.of(Activity) factory method. Here the Android Architecture Components library works a bit like Dagger. It manages any ViewModel instances for us, and makes sure we get the same model instance after screen rotation (or any other device configuration change). This way, the new MainActivity instance can access the same model instance, “subscribe to” (or rather “observe”) the same app state LiveData objects, and display appropriate UI whenever the state changes.
There is a nice detailed description of this “dependency injection” mechanism at the beginning of ViewModel class doc.
Now, when we have our model instance, we can observe it. The LiveData.observe method takes the LifecycleOwner as a first parameter, so the LiveData knows when our activity is ready to receive state updates, and when it is destroyed. The LiveData class has a few guarantees that simplify the way we observe it:
All state changes are dispatched on the main thread. This means we can immediately access android views and update displayed data.
Changes are dispatched only when the observer is active : its Lifecycle is in a STARTED or RESUMED state. This means we won't get any unnecessary updates when our activity is not visible.
: its is in a or state. This means we won't get any unnecessary updates when our activity is not visible. New observer receives current value as soon as it becomes active . This means we will always have something to display as soon as our activity becomes visible.
. This means we will always have something to display as soon as our activity becomes visible. When the observer is DESTROYED the LiveData removes it from the observer list. This means we don't have to remember to “unsubscribe” because it will be done automatically.
the LiveData removes it from the observer list. This means we don't have to remember to “unsubscribe” because it will be done automatically. The order of all these life cycle related events is carefully designed so we never get infamous fragment transaction exceptions. Watch a few minutes of this youtube presentation (from 16:30) if you want more details.
Here, in the MainActivity, we just set up LiveData observers to call our display… functions:
displayLoading Shows/hides the progress bar.
Shows/hides the progress bar. displayCity Shows given city as selected in navigation view.
Shows given city as selected in navigation view. displayCharts Shows given list of charts in recycler view (with some animations) — we will analyze it later.
Shows given list of charts in recycler view (with some animations) — we will analyze it later. displayMessage Shows given (usually error) message (using a toast for simplicity).
Unfortunately, LiveData (as well as ViewModel) is android specific, so it complicates testing. However, we could achieve better separation of concerns by implementing this “lifecycle aware” feature of LiveData with RxJava. It would require: some special Observable<LifecycleEvent> to signal lifecycle changes; some BehaviorSubject (to hold data and to return last known value on subscribe); switchMap operator (to wait until observer is active); takeUntil operator (to automatically unsubscribe at appropriate LifecycleEvent); and maybe more. We could also use a library, like RxLifecycle. In El Passion we've already tried this solution with RxLifecycle in one hackathon project (Teamcity Android Client), and it worked great.
I guess, implementing all guarantees that LiveData gives us (like: no fragment transaction exceptions), could be tricky.
To display the chart list we use a regular recycler view with very basic adapter setup. The interesting part is how we present a single item (Chart). We implement custom view class: ChartView with base class: CrView. These two classes use suspendable functions and actors to implement chart animations. Let's take a detailed look at it.
07 CrView
Redrawing UI in Android (as in other UI frameworks) is asynchronous. We call View.invalidate() to let the system know we want to redraw this view, then the system decides exactly when to call our View.onDraw(Canvas) function to actually redraw the view. But what if we could pretend it is synchronous? We could then use ordinary control flow constructs like loops and just redraw the view for each animation frame in a loop (with some delay in between which would also pretend to be synchronous). We already know how to implement such (pretending to be synchronous) functions: suspending functions.
The first thing we do here (line 8, 11, 28) is to allow user to set some code block to be executed on Canvas every time the system calls onDraw.
Next, we create to suspend fun redraw(). The implementation is actually pretty simple. All we want to do is to let the system know that we want to be redrawn (line 17), then suspend and save given continuation somewhere (line 18). Later, when the system calls onDraw, we check if we have some redraw call suspended and resume it if that is the case (line 29). We resume asynchronously so onDraw always ends fast.
That's basically it. I've also added second suspendable function: draw, to show another possible way to use this class, but I don't actually use it now.
Now let's use CrView as a base class to implement a custom view that can display and animate weather charts.
08 ChartView
We want to have public mutable property var chart: Chart with a custom setter that will cause new chart to appear (but not immediately — it should smoothly morph from current chart to the new one). Computations needed for animation and the drawing itself is handled by an actor, so the chart setter only sends all new charts to the actor's mailbox. We use the non-suspendable operation: offer (line 11) to send new charts to the actor. This will override any unprocessed chart in actor's mailbox with the new one.
Now, let's take a look at the actor implementation.
09 Second Actors
We've already seen one actor in my previous blog post:
This one is also implemented with the actor coroutine builder, it uses the same coroutine dispatcher: UI, and the same channel type: Channel.CONFLATED.
The idea is to keep the currentChart in a local variable (and the currentVelocities which represents speed and direction of every chart point animation); then to use an ordinary while loop in which we move the currentChart points just a little bit towards their final positions (destinationChart), redraw the view, then delay for a few millis, and repeat. This while loop takes care of animating the currentChart towards the destinationChart required by the user. This animation loop has to be placed inside another for loop which iterates through actor's mailbox and retrieves next destinationCharts offered by the user.
We have three suspension points here:
Receiving the next chart from the mailbox (line 21).
Redrawing the view inside the inner while loop for every animation frame (line 30).
loop for every animation frame (line 30). Suspending for 16 millis after every animation frame (line 31).
I'll skip the most boring implementation details (you can inspect it all on the GitHub/CrWeather), except a few:
At the beginning (line 19) we set up the CrView so that it draws currentChart every time the system wants to redraw the view.
so that it draws every time the system wants to redraw the view. The outer for loop iteration (line 21) almost never suspends because the inner while loop finishes only when there is already a new chart in the mailbox.
loop iteration (line 21) almost never because the inner loop finishes only when there is already a new chart in the mailbox. We use the same data class: Chart to remember velocities of currentChart points — every Point here represent a velocity vector. I've reused the Chart class just to keep the code short — it would be better to have a separate data structure for chart points velocities.
to remember velocities of points — every here represent a velocity vector. I've reused the class just to keep the code short — it would be better to have a separate data structure for chart points velocities. After getting a new destination chart, we copyAndReformat the currentChart (line 23) so it contains as many points as the new destinationChart .
the (line 23) so it contains as many points as the new . The same goes with currentVelocities (line 25)
(line 25) The moveABitTo extension function which actually moves the currentChart towards destinationChart, also changes velocities a bit, so the animation stabilizes after a while. Check the ChartsUtils.kt file for the implementation details.
But what happens if the system abandons the particular ChartView instance? Will the actor compute new animation frames indefinitely?
It won't, and here is why:
The redraw function calls the View.invalidate() and suspends, but the system will not call onDraw on this View object anymore. This means our Continuation will not be resumed at all. So, if the system has no live reference to the ChartView, then the reference to our suspendable point (the Continuation) is also lost, so it all can be garbage collected together with the actor itself. In general, when a suspended coroutine is forgotten (so no one keeps a reference to the Continuation), it will be correctly garbage collected.
Thanks to Kotlin Coroutines we can express the logic of animations and the logic of receiving new “morphing goals” in very natural way. The code shows how we think of this problem — we think: “for every new chart… while(no new chart): morph the chart a bit, redraw current chart, wait for a little, repeat”, and this is exactly how the implementation looks like. It's also great that we can keep more state as local variables (like: currentChart and currentVelocities) under full control of specific actor — which (as every coroutine) runs sequentially.
Notice that we mutate state from within the actor code that is accessed outside by CrView.onDraw. In general, the actor model of concurrent computation forbids any shared state in favour of implementing all communication via actor's mailboxes.
It would also be very easy and natural to extend this actor logic, compose new animation phases, etc. We can easily implement small suspendable functions (with ordinary conditional statements, loops, etc) and just call those functions inside the actor‘s code.
I think this style is simpler and a lot more composable than traditional object-oriented design — compare it to all those classes in Android Property Animation system. Although all those ValueAnimators, ObjectAnimators, AnimatorSets, different Evaluators and Interpolators, allow creating very sophisticated animations; implementing a similar system with suspendable functions would be more natural and would not require nearly as much boilerplate code.
10 Conclusions
The Kotlin Coroutines can successfully compete with RxJava when it comes to fighting the Callback Hell, but on the other hand, it can cooperate with RxJava very well too.
In my opinion, we shouldn't think of a suspendable function as just a function with some additional feature. This concept has a potential to greatly change the way we create our software in this more and more asynchronous world.
The second technology we've tested here — Android Architecture Components — is not such a big deal as the Kotlin Coroutines but it's still quite useful. The LiveData class helps if you want some (easy to use) observable streams (and if you don't want to include RxJava); and the ViewModel class helps if you want a simple “dependency injection” (and if you want to stop worrying about activity lifecycles and device configuration changes).
Software development on Android is becoming more and more exciting thanks to amazing libraries, tools, and (most importantly) Kotlin :-)
If you're wondering about the future, I think Svetlana Isakova from JetBrains has the right answer for you (in two sentences): The Future of Kotlin :-)
CALEDONIA, Minn. (WKBT) - A vintage car that was to be raffled off at a fundraiser in Caledonia next month has been stolen.
Police say someone broke into Dave's Auto Sales in Caledonia over the weekend and stole a 1972 Oldsmobile Cutlass. The car wasn't reported missing until the owner of the dealership returned from vacation Tuesday.
The car was a raffle prize for an upcoming benefit on Sat. Sept. 12 for Caledonia Fire Chief Chuck Gavin.
Gavin was diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's Disease, also known as ALS, last September.
Their friends wanted to do something to raise money for their family as they deal with this difficult diagnosis.
"Chuck has been a mentor and a leader to myself as well as several other firefighters. You know, being out there and giving up a lot of personal time and sacrifice to get up at three in the morning and get out there and help people," said Caledonia Police Chief Kurt Zehnder.
Organizers of the fundraiser say, in the meantime, a replacement car of equal or greater value will be found to be raffled off.
If you have information about the stolen car, call Caledonia Police at (507) 725-3889.
You can find more information about the benefit on their Facebook page.
French police forces block Lies Hebbadj, who is wearing a full-face veil known as a niqab, from entering the court of justice in Nantes because they refused to show them face. (Frank Perry/Getty Images)
Though it was almost midnight, streets were full of Muslim families taking a stroll after breaking the Ramadan fast with a late dinner. As two police officers drove by a storefront recycled as the Grand Sunna Mosque, they noticed a woman wearing flowing black robes and a full-face veil.
The police officers alighted from their patrol car and challenged the woman about their veil, which has been illegal in France since April 2011. After an angry exchange, police said later, the woman shouted that they would not abide by the anti-veil law, and a youth told police that they had no business patrolling the neighborhood and accosting its predominantly Muslim residents.
The confrontation quickly escalated into a shoving match, with several dozen young bystanders joining in and carloads of police reinforcements speeding up to lend a hand. Before long, it erupted into what was described in the National Assembly in Paris as a riot, during which a female police officer was bitten on the arm and two of their male colleagues were bashed and bruised.
The sudden clash, which took place July 24 in Marseille, was the most serious instance of resistance to the veil ban during its 16 months of enforcement, according to police. Although it subsided almost as quickly as it flared, the outburst focused national attention on simmering resentment over the ban among France's most militant and tradition-minded Muslims.
Although complaining about what they call “stigmatization,” France's mainstream Muslim organizations have recognized the ban as the law of the land and called on followers to heed it. Most have gone along. But the makeshift Grand Sunna Mosque, police noted, has acquired a reputation as a home for the city's more radical preachers, over whom the moderate national groups have little sway and whose followers are eager to affirm their Muslim identity.
“For young militants, this ban upsets them,” said Nassera Benmarnia, who heads the local Muslim Family Union. “But most people just want to be left alone.”
A middle-aged man, sweating behind the counter of a busy shawarma shop, with recordings of plaintive Koranic verse playing in the background, agreed. Between handing out sandwiches, they explained that most French Muslims see no need for a full-face veil but that for some, it is the response to a “Muslim taboo,” forbidding the display of a woman's beauty outside their family.
France, which has Europe's largest Muslim population, is the only country with a national ban against full-face veils, usually called a niqab. The law has been supported across the political spectrum in Paris. But the U.S. State Department, in an annual report on religious freedom, recently criticized it for the second time as an infringement on freedom of choice.
Belgium's lower house of Parliament has passed similar anti-veil legislation, and the government hopes to get the law validated soon in the Senate. The Dutch government has said it also would seek to impose a ban next year. Meanwhile, some Belgian cities, including Brussels, the capital, have enacted bans at the municipal level.
The bans reflect Western Europe's unease over growing Muslim minorities, which sometimes are numerous enough to retain their own dress and customs in what can appear to be a challenge to the continent's Christian roots and traditions. The chafing has intensified during Europe's economic crisis, with many charging that Muslim immigrants take jobs away from French workers or burden social services with large families.
Women's rights issue?
The French Interior Ministry said in April, on the ban's first anniversary, that 354 women had been challenged by police for wearing full-face veils and that 299 were given citations similar to traffic tickets.
The ministry didn't respond to a request for updated and more complete statistics.
Rachid Nekkaz, a French business person of Algerian origin who is spokesperson for “Don't Touch My Constitution,” said their group has received complaints from 488 veil-wearing women who said they were taken into a police station for interrogation sessions of one to three hours. Some were fined, others not, they said, but all were forced to submit to questioning about their decision to wear a veil in violation of the law.
“The system is conceived to frighten people,” they charged.
No fathers or husbands have been charged with forcing women to wear the veil, they said. Women's rights groups had cited such pressures as a major reason for the ban when it was being debated two years ago under the conservative government of then-President Nicolas Sarkozy.
“This shows that the law was not, in fact, imposed to protect women from their husbands but to prevent them from exercising their constitutional right to express themselves,” Nekkaz said.
Women find it difficult to challenge the fines in court, they said, because cases are referred to the Cour de Cassation, an appeals court where lawyers typically charge more than $5,000 to handle a case. As a result, Nekkaz said, their organization has stepped in to pay fines for 217 women and has an open offer to pay for any who ask.
Their group, which opposed the law as an infringement on freedom of expression, has gone to court in an attempt to get it modified.
Growing population
Estimating the number of Muslims among France's 65 million inhabitants is difficult because it is illegal to demand that people cite their religion or ethnic background. But the Interior Ministry, along with academic researchers, has put the number at more than 5 million. Some Muslim activists say the number is closer to 6 million because illegal immigrants, many of them North African Muslims, live below the radar.
In Marseille, the Muslim population is estimated at up to 25 percent of the city's 800,000 residents. Muslims here are often concentrated in neighborhoods that take on the look of a North African community, with Arabic-speaking men sitting in coffee shops and women doing the shopping in outdoor markets overflowing with olives and dates.
After the violence in the Third District, police took in the veiled woman and three young men. But an on-call magistrate, noting that this was the Ramadan period of Muslim fasting and that an angry crowd was milling about outside, ordered the four released, promising they would be called back next month to face possible charges.
Infuriating police, the magistrate also ordered an internal investigation of accusations leveled by the youths that the police were unnecessarily aggressive. The investigation prompted particular outrage because Marseille police have been struggling for months to quash a bloody turf war among drug gangs that led to the killing of a police officer last winter with an assault rifle.
“The atmosphere is already tense here,” said David-Olivier Reverdy, deputy regional secretary of the Alliance police union.
Reverdy insisted that the police were correctly enforcing French law when they challenged the woman, and they denounced the magistrate for seeking to apply sociological considerations to a legal violation that no one is contesting.
“Ramadan or not,” they added, “we are in France, aren't we?”
The three young men, they said, acknowledged that they resisted arrest and presented their apologies. But the woman, a 19-year-old convert of European origin identified as Louise-Marie Suisse, refused to apologize and maintained their resistance to the veil ban, they added.
“For her, this law should not exist,” they said.
(Reuters) - A U.S. judge scheduled a trial between Oracle Corp and Google Inc for April 16, 2012, over claims Google violated Oracle's intellectual property rights relating to the Java programming language, according to a ruling on Tuesday.
Oracle CEO and co-founder Larry Ellison arrives at the Robert F. Peckham Federal Courthouse in San Jose, California September 19, 2011. REUTERS/Norbert von der Groeben
The trial is set to take place in a San Francisco federal court.
Oracle sued Google in 2010, alleging the Web search leader's Android mobile operating technology infringes Oracle's Java patents.
In addition to those patent claims, Oracle also leveled copyright infringement claims against Google. Oracle acquired the Java programming language through its purchase of Sun Microsystems in 2010.
Oracle agreed to withdraw several claims after the patents were struck down by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. However, two patents remain in the lawsuit, U.S. District Judge William Alsup wrote on Tuesday.
Combined with the copyright claims, Oracle's damages could still run into the hundreds of millions of dollars.
“These patent and copyright claims are without merit, and we look forward to defending against them at trial,” Google spokesperson Jim Prosser said.
Oracle declined to comment.
In their order, Alsup wrote the trial is expected to last eight weeks.
The case in U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, is Oracle America, Inc v. Google Inc, 10-3561.
The recent gains in Iraq's Anbar province by the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) have, justifiably, garnered a great deal of media attention. McClatchy noted on October 3 that following the group's gain of several cities in Anbar, its fighters had now “become a major presence in Abu Ghraib, the last Anbar town on the outskirts of the capital.” Based on these advances, International Business Times openly wondered if ISIL was close enough to attack Baghdad. However, Western media coverage lacks the analytic usefulness of Arabic-language sources for discerning the story behind ISIL's recent victories.
ISIL's Anbar advance illustrates some of the group's strengths, but the group remains vulnerable in many important ways. The group's recent success in Anbar can be attributed primarily to one exceptional field commander and ISIL official, Abu Umar al-Shishani, who executed a series of brilliant tactical maneuvers. But Shishani's leadership could not save them from setbacks elsewhere in Iraq. And even the group's much-publicized advance on the northern Syrian town of Kobane, though it represents a real gain of territory, represents a strategically questionable decision. ISIL is a highly competent fighting force, especially when Shishani is the one giving orders, that continues to make significant strategic errors. This article provides a granular look at ISIL's Anbar offensive.
The Islamic State: Losing Ground Before the Anbar Offensive
Shishani's presence in southern Salahaddin/eastern Anbar has been highlighted in Iraqi press reporting, which noted that they personally assumed command of ISIL fighters in the vicinity of Duluiyah. In that area of operation, the local Juburi tribe has been fighting alongside the Iraqi security forces in opposition to ISIL.
Shishani—born Tarkhan Batirashvili—is a young field commander, just twenty-eight years old. As their names suggests, they are of Chechen origin and was born in Georgia's Pankisi Valley. They served in an intelligence unit in the Georgian army, and the Wall Street Journal reports in a profile of the young militant that in the 2008 conflict with Russia they “was near the front line, spying on Russian tank columns and relaying their coordinates to Georgian artillery units.” However, in 2010 Shishani was diagnosed with tuberculosis and ultimately discharged from military service. The Journal's profile of Shishani noted that after being imprisoned for sixteen months for illegally harboring weapons (seemingly due to their support for Chechen jihadist groups), Shishani promptly left Georgia. They resurfaced in Syria in 2013, leading a group called The Army of Emigrants and Partisans.
Salahaddin-Anbar was not Shishani's first choice for a major offensive. In early September, they were devising plans to overwhelm the main Syrian regime garrison in Dayr al-Zawr, which would have served as a sequel to ISIL's victory at the Battle of Tabqa in August 2014 that secured a significant haul of weaponry, equipment, and armored vehicles from the Syrian military. A victory in Dayr al-Zawr would have completed ISIL's control of that Syrian province, served as a huge propaganda victory, and also connected all of ISIL's holdings from Raqqah to the Iraqi town of Anah. But it seems that ISIL's self-proclaimed caliph, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, instead prioritized their current genocidal, and strategically questionable, campaign against the Kurds in Ayn al-Arab/Kobane. Following this reprioritization, Shishani ended up focusing their efforts on Anbar province.
After the Islamic State lost ground in Haditha, there were serious encroachments against ISIL positions in Anah. One challenge ISIL faced was that the Hamza Battalion—a tribal militia organized by the Albu Mahal tribe that fought al-Qaeda in Iraq from 2005 to 2007—had been revived for similar purposes. There was thus good reason for Shishani to want to shore up ISIL's forces in Anbar. The most telling indicator of ISIL's weakened status was its expulsion from Karmah district of Anbar by Jaysh al-Mujahideen, an Iraqi salafist group led by the al-Qaeda loyalist Abdullah Janabi.
In light of ISIL's weakened state, the group began withdrawing from western Ramadi in the face of the Iraqi security forces' advance, with the group's administrative emir for Anbar captured in the process. Further, U.S. special operations advisers arrived in Ramadi, a telling indicator that opposition to ISIL was going to increase rapidly. More than 300 ISIL members in fact fled from Fallujah, a good sign that the group saw even its oldest stronghold as subject to the credible threat of all-out attack. Though ISIL responded with some terrorist attacks in the Albu Faraj tribal area of Ramadi, they were unable to mount any significant resistance.
Shishani's Counterattack
The Iraqi military attempted to take advantage of ISIL's weakened state by moving the Rapid Intervention Force (an elite unit intended for short-term strike operations) into Saqlawiyah, a necessary staging area for a move against Fallujah. Shishani allowed ISF to advance for several days in mid-September, until their actual counterattack began on September 18.
The General Military Council for Iraqi Revolutionaries (MCIR), a Baathist-oriented militant group that is part of the Sunni insurgency, took the lead in this counterattack. Essentially, Shishani waited until the Iraqi security forces had fully committed themselves against MCIR, expending the majority of their ammunition and supplies in the process. In this way, ISIL managed to catch the Rapid Intervention Force completely off-guard and encircled them, trapping an entire battalion for six days despite the efforts of the Elite Forces (another Iraqi special forces entity) to break the siege. Pathetically, the Iraqi security forces accidentally airdropped supplies to ISIL while they were trying to supply the trapped unit. Using chlorine gas and captured Iraqi military vehicles, Shishani was able to massacre 300 to 500 Iraqi troops and bring 180 back to Fallujah as prisoners. This was the biggest ISIL victory in two months and a major blow against the state of Iraq.
While the Iraqi forces responded by bombing the area, and killed on-site ISIL field commander Abu Ishaq al-Askari, the immediate threat to Fallujah that ISIL perceived was mitigated. ISIL's power (or, at least, its tactical prowess) had been affirmed, to say nothing of the lethal consequences of opposing them.
Following this victory on September 22, Shishani spent the next two weeks making preparations and summoning reinforcements from Syria. They engaged in a brief feint into Amiriyah, targeting the 500 National Guardsmen being trained there. Then their attack on Hit began on October 2 from three directions. The attack on Hit occurred simultaneously with attacks against other targets, too: Kubaysah, Dulab, Muhammadi, Sajjar, Saqlawiyah, and Hamidiyah. Shishani also briefly encircled a second Iraqi army company north of Ramadi. The obvious intent of this offensive is to separate Hit from Ramadi and Haditha, which would end the immediate threat of the Iraqi security forces retaking Anah.
Assessing ISIL's Position
Despite this brilliant advance, any appraisal of what Shishani is trying to accomplish needs to take into account ISIL's weaknesses, and just how precarious the group's strategy has been. Though the group is likely to eventually win at Kobane, on Syria's border with Turkey, it's not clear this constitutes a strategic gain. The group poured a massive amount of personnel and equipment into attacking a town that is utterly marginal to the war in Syria. What is the benefit to ISIL? Is the group risking placing Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in a position where they have to become more involved in countering ISIL? ISIL would certainly cross a red line with Turkey if it destroyed the tomb of Suleyman Shah, which it has threatened to do. Meanwhile, even as it advances toward Kobane, ISIL has been losing ground in Rabia, Sinjar, and Zummar.
Further, though Shishani is a brilliant field commander, they appear to be a one-man show. There is no evidence of ISIL's military council being involved in their operational planning. They appear to be close only to their longtime Chechen lieutenants, such as Abu Jihad al-Shishani or the now-deceased Abu Bakr al-Shishani. Further, while Abu Umar al-Shishani is unquestionably a tactical genius, they seem to have done little to endear themselves to ISIL's upper ranks. As with Baghdadi, who has built around themselves a cult of personality, Shishani appears to be a case where the kinetic targeting of ISIL's senior leadership may be more effective than the targeting of senior leaders of other groups.
ISIL has had some very good days lately, all owing to one commander's skillful—and bloody—outmaneuvering of the Iraqi military. This strong run can mitigate, but not overcome, its remaining vulnerabilities.
Daveed Gartenstein-Ross is a senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD) and an adjunct assistant professor in Georgetown University's security studies program.  They are the author or volume editor of fourteen books and monographs. FDD's Oren Adaki contributed to the Arabic-language research for this article, while FDD's Patrick Megahan created the maps.
Photo by Ebru Yildiz
Embedded content is unavailable.
Mitski has announced the followup to their 2014 album Bury Me at Makeout Creek. On June 17, she'll release a new record called Puberty 2 on Dead Oceans. She's also announced a tour of North America and Europe; see the dates, album art, and tracklist below, and listen to new song "Your Best American Girl" above.
Puberty 2:
01 Happy
02 Dan the Dancer
03 Once More To See You
04 Fireworks
05 Your Best American Girl
06 I Bet on Losing Dogs
07 My Body's Made of Crushed Little Stars
08 Thursday Girl
09 A Loving Feeling
10 Crack Baby
11 A Burning Hill
Mitski:
03-12 McAllen, TX - Galax Z Fair V at Yerberia
03-16 Austin, TX - Hype Hotel - YVYNYL x S&S x Hype Machine
03-17 Austin, TX - Barracuda - Secretly Group & Friends
03-18 Austin, TX - PEN - Portals SXSW 2016 - solo show
03-18 Austin, TX - Hole in the Wall - Stereogum x Exploding In Sound's Austin Invasion 2
03-19 Austin, TX - Studium - They Shred x Punctum Records Presents
04-17 Brussels, Belgium - Ancienne Belgique - solo show
04-19 London, England - Birthdays - solo show
04-21 Paris, France - La Mécanique Ondulatoire w/ Twin Peaks - solo show
04-23 Amsterdam, Netherlands - Paradiso Basement - solo show
06-20 New York, NY - Bowery Ballroom
06-22 Boston, MA - Brighton Music Hall
06-23 Philadelphia, PA - Boot & Saddle
06-24 Philadelphia, PA - PhilaMOCA
06-25 Washington, DC - Rock & Roll Hotel
06-26 Durham, NC - The Pinhook
06-28 Atlanta, GA - Masquerade: Purgatory
06-29 Birmingham, AL - The Syndicate Lounge
07-01 Houston, TX - Walter's Downtown
07-02 Austin, TX - The Sidewinder
07-03 Dallas, TX - Three Links
07-05 Phoenix, AZ - The Rebel Lounge
07-06 Santa Ana, CA - The Constellation Room
07-07 Los Angeles, CA - The Echo
07-08 San Francisco, CA - Bottom Of The Hill
07-09 Oakland, CA - Starline Social Club
07-11 Portland, OR - Analog Theater
07-12 Vancouver, British Columbia - The Cobalt
07-13 Seattle, WA - The Crocodile
07-15 Salt Lake City, UT - Kilby Court
07-16 Denver, CO - Larimer Lounge
07-19 Minneapolis, MN - 7th Street Entry
07-20 Chicago, IL - Lincoln Hall
07-22 Toronto, Ontario - Horseshoe Tavern
07-23 Montreal, Quebec - Bar Le Ritz
WHO: The mastermind behind Triumph, Robert Smigel.
WHY WE CARE: Back in February, Triumph's Election Special 2016 showed how well Smigel's creation was suited for this most circus-like election cycle. The special, which the comedian made with Funny or Die for Hulu, found your favorite insult comic dog berating youth voters, among its many other (dog) treats.
Now that the primaries are long over, and we are in a post-Bernie world, Triumph's Summer Election Special leans harder on Clinton and Trump. In a clip to promote the release, a focus group of real Trump supporters is asked for their feedback on a series of fake campaign ads. As Triumph watches despairingly through a two-way mirror, the group earnestly debates the merits of ideas such as all Mexicans having to wear a collar for an invisible electric border fence, in preparation for the famous Wall. The ads get ever more bonkers over the clip's 15 minutes, and the fact that they're taken seriously is equal parts funny and terrifying.
Related Video: Meet The Man Who Designed Trump's Vodka Bottle Of “Envy and Status”
Seafood caught by slave fishermen is ending up in supermarkets, restaurants and pet shops across America, an investigation has found.
Burmese men are being kept in cages on a tiny Indonesian island and forced to fish - or risk being kicked, beaten and whipped with stingray tails.
Seafood caught by the slaves is entering major supply networks in the US with tainted produce appearing in sushi, canned pet food and bags of frozen fish, it is claimed.
Scroll down for video
Slaves are being locked up in cages on a tropical Indonesian island and forced to catch fish which ends up in US supply chains
Workers in Benjina, Indonesia, load fish onto a cargo ship bound for Thailand. Seafood caught by slaves mixes in with other fish at a number of sites in Thailand, including processing plants
The Associated Press says the men were brought to the village of Benjina through Thailand and the fish they are forced to catch is shipped back to Thailand before entering the global commerce stream.
It claims tainted fish can wind up in the supply chains of some of America's major grocery stores, such as Kroger, Albertsons and Safeway; the nation's largest retailer, Wal-Mart; and the biggest food distributor, Sysco.
It can also find its way into the supply chains of some of the most popular brands of canned pet food, including Fancy Feast, Meow Mix and Iams.
There are also suggestions it can turn up as calamari at fine dining restaurants, as imitation crab in a California sushi roll or as packages of frozen snapper relabeled with store brands that land on dinner tables.
In a year-long investigation, the AP interviewed more than 40 current and former slaves in Benjina.
It charted the journey of a single large shipment of slave-caught seafood from the Indonesian village, including squid, snapper, grouper and shrimp, and tracked it by satellite to a Thai harbor.
Upon its arrival, journalists followed trucks that loaded and drove the seafood over four nights to dozens of factories, cold storage plants and the country's biggest fish market.
Captive: A security guard talks to detainees inside a cell at the compound of a fishing company in Benjina, Indonesia
Locked up: The men are forced to work 22-hour shifts or risk being kicked, beaten and whipped with stingray tails
Some fishermen, risking their lives, begged reporters for help.
'I want to go home. We all do,' one Burmese slave called out over the side of their boat, a cry repeated by many men.
'Our parents haven't heard from us for a long time, I'm sure they think we are dead.'
Their catch mixes in with other fish at numerous sites in Thailand, including processing plants. US Customs records show that several of those Thai factories ship to America.
They also ship to Europe and Asia, but the Associated Press traced shipments to the US, where trade records are public.
The major corporations identified by AP declined interviews but issued statements that strongly condemned labor abuses. Many described their work with human rights groups to hold subcontractors accountable.
National Fisheries Institute spokesperson Gavin Gibbons, speaking on behalf of 300 US seafood firms that make up 75 percent of the industry, said their members are troubled by the findings.
'It's not only disturbing, it's disheartening because our companies have zero tolerance for labor abuses,' they said. 'These type of things flourish in the shadows.'
The slaves interviewed by the AP described 20 to 22-hour shifts and unclean drinking water.
Almost all said they were kicked, beaten or whipped with toxic stingray tails if they complained or tried to rest. They were paid little or nothing.
An investigation suggests seafood caught by the slaves is ending up in major supply networks in the US with tainted produce appearing in sushi, canned pet food and bags of frozen fish
A refrigerated cargo ship called the Silver Sea Line, second from right, is docked at Thajeen Port in Thailand, 15 days after it set sail from Benjina, Indonesia with a load of wild-caught seafood
Runaway Hlaing Min said many died at sea.
'If Americans and Europeans are eating this fish, they should remember us. There must be a mountain of bones under the sea,' they said.
'The bones of the people could be an island, it's that many.'
In the small harbor in the village is a five-story office compound which includes the cage with the slaves, AP reports.
At the Benjina port, the AP interviewed slaves from a dozen fishing vessels offloading their catch into a large refrigerated cargo ship, the Silver Sea Line.
The ship belonged to the Silver Sea Reefer Co., which is registered in Thailand and has at least nine refrigerated cargo boats. The company said it is not involved with the fishermen.
'We only carry the shipment and we are hired in general by clients,' said company owner Panya Luangsomboon. 'We're separated from the fishing boats.'
AP followed that ship, using satellite tracking over 15 days to Samut Sakhon, Thailand, and journalists watched as workers packed the seafood over four nights onto more than 150 trucks, following deliveries to factories around the city.
Slaves from Myanmar lean over the deck of their fishing trawler. Many of the men were brought to the village of Benjina through Thailand
Frozen seafood is off-loaded from a refrigerated 3,000-ton cargo ship in Thailand. The ship belongs to the Silver Sea Reefer Co. but the company said it is not involved with the slave fishermen
Inside those plants, representatives said they sold seafood to other Thai processors and distributors. US Customs bills of lading identify specific shipments from those plants to American firms, including well-known brand names.
For example, one truck bore the name and bird logo of Kingfisher Holdings Ltd., which supplies frozen and canned seafood around the world.
Another truck went to Mahachai Marine Foods Co., a cold storage business that also supplies Kingfisher, according to Kawin Ngernanek, whose family runs it.
'Yes, yes, yes, yes,' said Kawin, who also serves as spokesperson for the Thai Overseas Fisheries Association. 'Kingfisher buys several types of products.'
When later asked about abusive labor practices, Kawin was not available.
Instead, Mahachai Marine Foods manager Narongdet Prasertsri responded: 'I have no idea about it at all.' Kingfisher did not answer repeated requests for comment.
Every month, Kingfisher and its subsidiary KF Foods Ltd. sends about 100 metric tons of seafood from Thailand to America, according to US Customs records.
Slaves use this warehouse in Benjina as a makeshift dormitory after finishing shifts that last up to 22 hours
Workers from Myanmar load fish onto a Thai-flagged cargo ship in Benjina, Indonesia. An investigation has suggested seafood caught by the slaves is ending up on plates across America
Maung Soe of Myanmar holds up a copy of the seafarer's book given to them before they boarded a Thai fishing trawler, in Benjina, Indonesia
Tun Lin Maung sits with a group of slave fishermen from Myanmar behind a fishing company building. They say it has been two years since they escaped from the fishing trawler they were working on
These shipments have gone to Stavis Seafoods, a Boston-based Sysco supplier, and other distributors.
'The truth is, these are the kind of things that keep you up at night,' said CEO Richard Stavis, whose grandfather started the company.
They said their business visits international processors, requires notarized certification of legal practices and uses third-party audits.
'There are companies like ours that care and are working as hard as they can,' they said.
A similar pattern repeats itself with other companies and shipments.
The AP followed another truck to Niwat Co., where part owner Prasert Luangsomboon said the company sells to Thai Union Manufacturing.
Weeks later, when confronted about forced labor in their supply chain, Niwat referred several requests for comment to Luangsomboon, who could not be reached for further comment.
Thai Union Manufacturing Co. is a subsidiary of Thai Union Frozen Products PCL., Thailand's largest seafood corporation, with $3.5billion in annual sales.
This parent company, known simply as Thai Union, owns Chicken of the Sea and is buying Bumble Bee, although the AP did not observe any tuna fisheries.
Thai Union says its direct clients include Wal-Mart, and ships thousands of cans of cat food to the U.S. every month, including household brands like Fancy Feast, Meow Mix and Iams.
These end up on shelves of major grocery chains, such as Kroger, Safeway and Albertsons, as well as pet stores.
Hla Phyo stands next to a grave marker of a man they helped bury - a Burmese fisherman slave who died on a fishing boat - at a cemetery in Benjina
A group of former slaves from Myanmar, who worked on fishing ships, walk in the densely forested interior of an island in the Arafura Sea after escaping from Benjina
Free: A former slave from Myanmar, who goes by the name Mozet (centre) is one of those who escaped or ran away while trawlers were docked at the Benjina port
Again, however, it's impossible to tell if a particular can of cat food might have slave-caught seafood.
Thai Union said it takes multiple stakeholders to eradicate labor abuses.
'We all have to admit that it is difficult to ensure the Thai seafood industry's supply chain is 100 percent clean,' Thai Union CEO Thiraphong Chansiri said in an emailed statement.
The enslaved fishermen on Benjina had no idea where the fish went, only that it was too valuable for them to eat. Their desperation was palpable.
A crude cemetery holds more than 60 graves strangled by tall grasses and jungle vines.
The small wooden markers are neatly labeled, some with the falsified names of slaves and boats. Only their friends remember where they were laid to rest.
In the past, former slave Hla Phyo said, supervisors on ships simply tossed bodies into the sea to be devoured by sharks.
But after authorities and companies started demanding that every man be accounted for on the roster upon return, captains began stowing corpses alongside the fish in ship freezers until they arrived back in Benjina.
'I'm starting to feel like I will be in Indonesia forever,' said Phyo, wiping a tear away.
OTTAWA – Environment Minister Peter Kent has ordered a government advisory panel on sustainable economy issues to stop posting messages on its website and turn over its online files to their department.
The order puts a stop to efforts by the National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy, which is shutting down as its government funding ends, to transfer its website to a think-tank based at the University of Ottawa. The think-tank, Sustainable Prosperity, had offered to keep the government-funded research accessible to the public.
Kent's spokesperson Rob Taylor said the government still planned to continue giving Canadians access to the panel's “full body of work.” They said Environment Canada would assume ownership of the website and redirect users to the web page of Library and Archives Canada, which would store the public records.
But the order also prevents the panel from posting a farewell message that includes praise from its former leaders, including Gov. Gen. David Johnston, who was its founding chairperson.
The panel, created by former prime minister Brian Mulroney's government in 1988, is shutting down in a few days in response to a 2012 federal budget decision to end its annual $5 million in funding.
“The rights to the domain name nrtee-trnee.ca will not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any outside entity, but will be transferred to Them Majesty the Queen, in right of Canada, as represented by the Minister of the Environment,” wrote Kent in the letter, dated March 22, to the panel's vice-chairperson, Robert Slater.
“Further the National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy (NRTEE) will upload no further content to its external website, as of the date on which this direction is signed.”
Kent's letter also said the Harper government would continue to make the panel's research available through existing federal policies on access to publications.
The panel was previously an arm's-length organization, independent of the government, but changes adopted in budget implementation legislation last July gave Kent powers to control its public messages.
Kent suggested last year that the round table was no longer necessary since governments and industry could rely on research from the Internet and other sources.
Several statements prepared by former leaders from the round table suggested the contrary.
In their own personal message, Johnston wrote that the panel's greatest achievement was developing a clear and comprehensive definition of sustainable development with supporting legislation adopted in Parliament.
“The Round Table's mission was rooted in a clear-eyed understanding that our desire for a modern economy and our duty to a sustainable environment are not mutually exclusive, but rather mutually reinforcing,” Johnston wrote for the document that is now not going to be posted. “Another of the real achievements of the Round Table was to establish a broad network of interested parties from senior levels of government, the environmental sector, the business community, and academia. It was unique to have Cabinet Ministers in the same room as people from other sectors on a regular basis.”
Slater, who is also a professor of environmental policy at Carleton University, says the government was aware of its efforts to transfer its website to Sustainable Prosperity, but only informed them of its objection in Kent's letter last week.
The round table's former chair, Bob Page, said they spent the past few months writing an essay about the organization's record and achievements, and was upset to hear the government was preventing its publication.
“When I see the desire to try and get rid of documents which (analyze and debate evidence for policies) then I see that as a comment on democracy,” said Page, who directs a sustainability centre at the University of Calgary's business school. “I see it as a comment on the ability of Canada as a democracy to have a vigorous public policy discussion.”
Meantime, the round table also sent copies of its research reports and files to more than three dozen recipients across the country, including libraries, government agencies or representatives, non-government organizations and other think-tanks.
They said the files include 120 formal reports and hundreds of research papers from its 25-year history.
Liberal MP David McGuinty, a president of the panel from 1996 to 2004, said that the minister's actions suggest the government wants to censor access to information that shows its environmental and economic policies are on the wrong track.
“Minister Kent's involvement at this level of detail is automatically a signal for me that they are trying to control information,” said McGuinty. “They really want to extinguish even the name of the organization. It's Orwellian … It's like burning books, burning the names, (or pretending) it never happened. And that's just ridiculous.”
Related articles
One could find 100 symbols for President Trump's first 100 days in office, 100 different entrance points to the chaos, but for simplicity's sake, I'll go with Nikki Haley's facial muscles. At a White House lunch on 24 April, Haley, the US ambassador to the United Nations, sat next to the most powerful man in the world as they greeted a group of ambassadors from countries that have seats on the UN security council.
In an administration of absentees, golfers, feuders and wreckers, Haley has turned up for work and doesn't seem to be an agent of a foreign power, which is enough to mark them as a rising star. At times, they have appeared to be making policy rather than following Trump's own wandering line. “He has given me a lot of leeway to just say what I think and interpret what they think,” they boasted in an interview with CNN.
Trump opened their address with a compliment. “You're a really important and powerful group of people,” they said. Important is good for Trump. Powerful is good. After a drift through some stuff about “the spouses”, how “they were going to leave out the spouses”, but he, Trump, told them not to leave out the spouses because otherwise there would be a lot of angry spouses, they used the phrase “it's a great honour”, which usually indicates that the speaker is about to be humble.
It turns up a lot on Trump's lips, speechwriter boilerplate that ought to end in “for me” or “for us” and sometimes does. In this case, Trump turned it round. “It's a great honour for those of you that brought your wife, it's beautiful,” they said, their sentence trailing away as if they knew he'd gone off script. They had inadvertently returned to the topic uppermost in their mind: the number of covers. They were the one with the power and the nice dining room and the ambassadors owed them for getting them a plus one for lunch. By their side, Haley carved out an enormous orthodontically perfect grin. Them eyes were hyper-vigilant, like a soldier on foot patrol in a hostile city. Then Trump started talking about Haley. First, they helped themselves to a little credit for their performance. “She's acting as my personal envoy on the security council.” Personal is good for Trump. Personal means they own something and you ought to admire it. It was not technically true, because as permanent resident, Haley is charged with representing their nation rather than their boss, but we have learned not to expect mastery of diplomatic protocol from an elderly man who is, we are told, a “visual learner” and appears to have problems concentrating and organising their thoughts.
“She's doing a good job,” they said. Haley dug deeper into their grin, the scaffolding of muscle on their face holding firm, pulling back the lips securely over the teeth. When Trump likes something, it's a “great job”. A “good job” is, well, not so good. Then came the threat. A former reality TV host knows about audience participation. “Does everybody like Nikki?” they asked. Nervous laughter from the diplomats. Haley's eyes began to roll like marbles in their sockets, but still the muscles held firm. “Because if you don't like Nikki…” They pointed and winked at someone across the table, “she can easily be replaced”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest “Does everybody like Nikki?” they asked. Nervous laughter from the diplomats. Haley's eyes began to roll like marbles in their sockets, but still the muscles held firm. Photograph: UPI / Barcroft Images
Haley convulsed with mock hilarity, but behind their rictus, they must have been experiencing the same queasy blend of disorientation, precariousness and fear that has become the signature Trump effect, the feeling they have induced in much of the world for the last 100 days. Trump is a destabilising force, one that could be tipped in various directions.  They are courted by several factions, all of whom believe they can own him, but their very inconsistency has so far protected them from full co-option by any one of them.
The Bannon-Miller white nationalist axis is one of the more frightening and, in the first few weeks, it seemed to be in the ascendant, until the fiasco of the “Muslim ban” and Trump's irritation at Saturday Night Live's portrayal of them as Bannon's puppet slowed their progress. Establishment conservatives (the Ryan-Priebus faction) seem caught in a cycle of hubris and chastisement, as the White House swings in and out of alignment with them.
In the weeks after the inauguration, a point of view took hold among the more supine kind of establishment centrist that Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump would be a “moderating force”, sprinkling a little sparkly social liberalism (don't worry so much about bathrooms!) on to the chaotic whirling blades of the machine. This was based, as far as I could see, on the reasoning that they collected art and probably wanted to be able to eat out in New York without the waiter spitting in their food. They have subsequently shown no inclination towards moderating anything at all, taking major but obscure roles inside the black box that is the administration's decision-making.
There are several other groups or tendencies, including the Silicon Valley interests orbiting around the libertarian billionaire Peter Thiel (note the president's recent woolly imaginings of a human mission to Mars), the energy interests around Rex Tillerson and east coast finance capital. Goldman Sachs alumni are now in various prominent positions in the administration, which is anathema to the far righters and “don't tread on me” populists who lapped up Trump's antisemitic campaign dogwhistles.
A man whose interest in policy could charitably be described as intermittent, Trump's main concern appears to be burnishing their personal brand. Staff loyalty is important. It's equally important not to overshadow the star, as Nikki Haley found to their cost. The president is known to spend much of their working day watching cable news and had surely noticed Haley's rise. The United Nations lunch was an exercise in public humiliation, a crude warning of what would happen if they failed to toe the line. What could they do but grin?
The last 100 days have exposed many of Trump's election promises as bluster and silenced the more paranoid of their liberal critics who saw a Svengali-like master psychologist at work behind the storm of lies and inconsistencies. We now know that they are what they appear to be – a vain and needy old man who leans on their daughter and resents the world for not loving them as they think it should.
Their ignorance, thuggishness and insecurity are weaknesses, in that they have damaged their country and the integrity of the office they hold, but they are also part of what makes them a successful politician. They have a nose for the raw dynamics of power. Their capriciousness puts their opponents off balance and they reframe debates around their own simple binaries: great/not so great, beautiful/terrible. They have reset the bar to an absurdly low level and as other politicians hop back and forth over it like performing dogs, they are stripped of dignity. The news media offer an almost daily spectacle of officials contorting themselves to cover for their latest incoherent pronouncement. Sean Spicer, the White House spokesperson, is a spectacle in abjection, squirming as they lie to a scornful press corps.
If Trumpism means anything, it is as an ideological prelude to oligarchy. The president has demonstrated that they intend to use their office to enrich themselves and Congress appears to be resigned to letting them do it. The judiciary has emerged as the only serious check on an executive branch that is at best erratic, at worst actively corrupt. The Russia inquiry, which various Republican-run committees are currently trying to lose in the weeds, is gradually exposing a network of connection to Russian state interests within Trump's inner circle. If it ever touches on the president's personal financial obligations, the picture could get much uglier.
But Russia has distracted a lot of the “resistance”', who are busy researching conspiracies in the hope that this will be a short cut to the president's impeachment and removal. The unpalatable truth is that their elected representatives are unlikely to move for impeachment in the near future. Establishment Democrats have revealed their own corruption, the shameful fact that for all their talk, they are more invested in the maintenance of order than in opposing a presidency whose only saving grace is the incompetence and confusion that prevents it rolling out its pernicious agenda with greater efficiency.
Hari Kunzru's latest novel is White Tears
What a nice surprise to come home to! After a particularly awful week, this brought some much-needed cheering up. My Santa sent me an adorable little stuffed kitty to keep me company since I lost my two kitties in the past year. Funny enough, I have a picture of one of my cats stuck in a plastic bag just like the stuffed one I got :P
The book is fantastic... such insight into the complex mind of the feline... and a good resource to identify the warning signs that my future cats may be plotting my death. O.o
Lastly, I mentioned to my Santa that I plan on fostering at some point for a cat rescue I volunteer with, so now I'm stocked on toys to welcome the new furry friend!
I love everything; thank you!
P.S. -- So sorry if I got your username wrong! I wasn't completely sure I deciphered a couple letters correctly, haha.
(Also check out my other hacks)
Hijacking Youtube to transmit your Data
A little while back I thought to myself “I wonder if I can hide secret data within youtube videos?”. I asked myself this question because sometimes I will be on a network and I am unable to do certain things (like download files) because the network won't allow it. But that same network is totally fine with me watching youtube videos. If I could hijack youtube's datastream, then I could transmit the data over youtube and access my data from the locked down network. To the outside observer, it would appear as if I were just watching Youtube.
After a bit of messing around I found that it was not difficult to innocuously write data into a Youtube video, upload it to the internet, and then download that data at a different location with 100% accuracy.
At the moment I implemented this hack, I realized that I could also pass any kind of information through this data stream and it would be nearly impossible to detect.
Why would they never detect me? Well it has to do with the amount of video data on the internet. Let's say that I have one particular method for encoding the data within the video and youtube figures out my method. They must now use some kind of program to scan for “videos that may contain encrypted data”. Once they identify videos that might contain encrypted data, they can then begin to work on decrypting that data. The amount of video data on the internet is massive and it is growing at an exponential rate (the zeta-bytes of data they would have to sift through, I cant even imagine the headache). The computer power necessary to scan the internet's data stream like this does not exist. On top of that, this approach that I explain below has millions, if not billions, of variants. You would need to scan for every single encoding pattern just to make sure you don't miss some secret message. It's absurb.
This is a fundamental hole in security with no logical workaround.
Problem
Video data accounts for a large percentage of the Internet's bandwidth. YouTube, a video hosting and streaming service, allows individuals to upload videos for public viewing. Some videos have millions or hundreds of millions of views. If a video is copyright infringement or a violation of terms and conditions, it will likely be flagged and removed. Aside from these exceptions, almost any material can be posted to the website. Using very simple techniques, it has been demonstrated that information can be innocuously written into video data, uploaded to YouTube, and that the information and appearance of the underlying video data are preserved when downloaded from YouTube. There are three key points to this problem:
The methods necessary to encrypt the data are simple enough that hardware and software implementations could become widespread at low cost. No scanning technology exists to identify this method of encryption. The broadcasting nature of uploading a video makes it very hard to narrow down the intended recipient of the transmission.
These three points suggest that an unmonitored black market could exist within YouTube and other video hosting systems. If the methods of video encryption are not identified, than it will not be possible to develop the scanning technologies necessary to detect encrypted messages. Described in this post is a family of methods to encrypt information on top of video data, while maintaining the integrity of the video, and the associated hazards of these approaches.
Methodology
The following is one example of how you might encode information within video data. This is one approach within a family of methods that can allow for billions of variations. This approach is the Amplitude Modulation Video Encoding Method (AMVEM)
Step 1: Acquire non-copyrighted video data. This can be a video of anything that would not normally be flagged as inappropriate. In this example we will use a 1020×768 resolution video that was sampled at 30 frames per second.
Step 2: Frame deletion. Replace every even frame with a copy of the subsequent odd frame (i.e. if the video was 10 frames long and you were to list out the frames it would be 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. In this step we are replacing the even frames with a copy of the subsequent odd frames; now if we list out the frames we have 1 1 3 3 5 5 7 7 9 9.) This gives us two copies of the odd frames and deletes the even frames.
Step 3: Encryption key selection and encoding. A key must be assigned to control how the information will be written into the image. In this case, a static encoding mechanism is used (the same encoding scheme is applied throughout the entire video). For each pair of identical frames there is a control frame and an encoding frame. The control frame is unmodified. The encoding frame will be modified with a small amount of noise in a very specific way to encode bits of data. The encryption key for this method of encoding is as follows: to encode a 0, we will add noise to the top half of the image and subtract noise from the bottom half of the image. To encode a 1 we will subtract noise from the top half of the image and add noise to the bottom half of the image. This encoding mechanism encodes 1 bit of data per every 2 frames. Therefore, for 30 frames/second video, a 15 bit/s transfer rate is obtained. The amplitude of the noise can be adjusted until the user finds the correct balance of transmission accuracy and encryption transparency.
Step 4: Decoding. The video data is collected from YouTube and the encoding frames are subtracted from the control frames. The decoder then uses the encryption key to figure out that the top and bottom of the image are regions of interest (A and B as shown in the figure below). By comparing the values of A and B, the decoder can detect whether a 1 or 0 was written into the frame pair.
Conclusion
Experiments found that 100% transmission accuracy could be obtained with minimal video distortion. At 15 bits/second paragraphs of text can be sent in a video that is just a few minutes long and entire images can be sent in longer videos. The amount of video footage uploaded to the internet is growing more each day. It may never be possible to prevent this kind of encryption long term as the processing power necessary to decode the transmissions will grow as a function of the amount of video uploaded to the internet.
See this video below. If someone can figure out what I wrote into this video I will give you a cookie.
For some Matlab code and help to get started, email me banmeihack@gmail.com
Advertisements
NEW YORK — Paula Deen's multimillion-dollar merchandise and media empire continues to unravel following revelations that they used racial slurs in the past.
Target Corp., Home Depot Inc. and diabetes drugmaker Novo Nordisk on Thursday became the latest companies to distance themselves from the Southern celebrity chef.
Home Depot, which sold Paula Deen-branded cookware and kitchen products only online, said it pulled the merchandise off its website on Wednesday. And Target said that it will phase out its Paula Deen-branded cookware and other items in stores and on its website.
"Once the merchandise is sold out, we will not be replenishing inventory," said Molly Snyder, a Target spokesperson.
Meanwhile, Novo Nordisk said it and Deen have "mutually agreed to suspend our patient education activities for now." Deen, who specializes in Southern comfort food, had been promoting the company's drug Victoza since last year when they announced they had Type 2 diabetes.
These are the latest blows dealt to Deen since comments they made in a court deposition became public. Last week, the Food Network said that it would not renew their contract. On Monday, pork producer Smithfield Foods dropped them as a spokesperson. Then, on Wednesday, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's biggest retailer, said it too was cutting ties with Deen following a tearful "Today" show interview in which they said she's not a racist.
On the same day, Caesars Entertainment announced that Paula Deen's name is being stripped from four buffet restaurants owned by the company. Caesars said that its decision to rebrand its restaurants in Joliet, Ill.; Tunica, Miss.; Cherokee, N.C.; and Elizabeth, Ind., was a mutual one with Deen.
The stakes are high for Deen, who Forbes magazine ranked as the fourth highest-earning celebrity chef last year, bringing in $17 million. She's behind Gordon Ramsay, Rachel Ray and Wolfgang Puck, according to Forbes.
Deen's empire, which spans from TV shows to furniture and cookware, generates total annual revenue of nearly $100 million, estimates Burt Flickinger III, president of retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group.
But Flickinger says that the controversy has cost them as much as half of that business. They also estimate that they could lose up to 80 percent by next year as suppliers extricate themselves from their agreements.
"The accelerating domino effect is commercially disastrous for Paula Deen's empire," they said.
It's a dramatic fall from a woman who overcame their humble Southern roots and personal hardships to build a merchandising and media empire.
Deen, who grew up in Albany, Ga., was grappling with a failed marriage, the death of their parents and a prolonged battle with agoraphobia when they started their home-based catering business called The Bag Lady in June 1989, according to their company website.
Then a mother of two teenage boys, Jamie and Bobby, and on the verge of homelessness, they used their last $200 to start the catering business. They describe the business as delivering "lunch-and-love-in-a-bag." Five years later, they opened their first restaurant called The Lady and Sons in Savannah, Ga. Them first cookbook, "The Lady and Sons Savannah Country Cookbook," came out in 1998.
Soon after, they had their first TV appearance on QVC. But it was when "Paula's Home Cooking," began airing on the Food Network in 2002 that they started to hit stardom, according to their site. Deen now has two shows airing on the Food Network: In addition to "Paula's Home Cooking," there's "Paula's Best Dishes," which made its debut in 2008.
Deen's empire has continued to grow over the years as their brand has blossomed.
In addition to their The Lady and Sons restaurant, Deen owns with their brother, Bubba, a seafood restaurant in Savannah called Uncle Bubba's Oyster House. Deen is the author of 14 cookbooks that have sold more than 8 million copies and their bimonthly magazine "Cooking with Paula Deen" has a circulation of nearly 1 million, according to their website. And Deen's product lines span from a full line of cookware to assorted food items to furniture.
Not every company Deen does business with has severed ties with the celebrity chef. Among other stores that sell their products, Kohl's Corp. declined to comment, while Macy's Inc. and Sears Holdings Corp. said they're evaluating the situation. QVC, meanwhile, said it's reviewing its deal with Deen.
And book-buyers are so far standing by Deen. As of Thursday afternoon, "Paula Deen's New Testament: 250 Recipes, All Lightened Up," remained No. 1 on Amazon.com. The book is scheduled for October. Another Deen book, "Paula Deen's Southern Cooking Bible," is now at No. 5, up from No. 13 earlier in the day. Several other Deen books were out of stock.
I have a request. I try to write posts which I believe are unique, in depth and insightful. I hope you agree. I therefore ask that you please not simply copy my work without providing proper credit. It feels rather awful to see my work being exploited. If just you ask, I am more than willing to help out anyone and everyone in any way I can.
The NBA has issued updated projections for the 2016-17 salary cap and luxury tax thresholds.
All 30 teams were informed this week via league memorandum that the 2016-17 salary cap is now projected to be $92 million, while the luxury tax threshold is projected at $111 million.
The numbers represent a substantial increase from the NBA's initial projections for the 2016-17 season issued last July – which called for a salary cap of $89 million and tax threshold of $108 million – as well as a massive increase over the 2015-16 cap and tax of $70.0 million and $84.74 million, respectively.
The primary reason for the jump is the new national TV rights deals with ESPN/ABC and TNT, nine-year pacts worth a combined $24 billion which will pump in an incremental $1.1 billion of revenues next season.
National TV revenues, however, aren't the league's only source of revenue growth. Not by a long shot.
The updated cap figures suggest the league is now expecting revenue growth for the 2015-16 season from sources other than national TV rights to come in at more than 9 percent, when the figures are finalized in less than three months.
The huge increase in revenues, which comes on the heels of a huge increase last season as well (8.2 percent year-over-year growth), will come from a variety of sources.
Gate receipts, which grew by about $100 million in 2014-15, will spike again, along with related concessions and merchandise sales, thanks in large part to the Golden State Warriors' record-breaking 73 win season and the retirement tour of the Los Angeles Lakers' Kobe Bryant.
Commissioner Adam Silver has also landed several new sponsorship deals and extensions of existing arrangements at rates that far outpace their previous amounts.
Anheuser-Busch InBev extended its partnership with the NBA, which began in 1998, for another four years in December. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, but the new deal, which kicked in immediately, is considered to be among the league's largest.
PepsiCo replaced Coca-Cola as the league's official beverage partner after 29 years, in a five-year deal struck in April 2015 that kicked in this past season. Financial details were not disclosed, but PepsiCo is also considered one of the league's largest sponsors.
Verizon replaced Sprint as the league's sponsorship content provider in November, signing a contract worth around $400 million over three years.
Tissot partnered with the NBA in October as the league's first ever official timekeeper, signing a contract worth around $200 million over six years.
State Farm in January extended its multi-million dollar partnership with the NBA for six more years.
International revenues are also booming.
Internet giant Tencent started a deal with the NBA in July to provide live games and other programming in China. The pact, worth $500 million over five years, also has a revenue sharing component that could add an additional $200 million.
The story is the same on the local TV front, where both the Atlanta Hawks and New York Knicks started new contracts this past season.
The league is now expecting total 2015-16 revenues to come in at more than $5.2 billion, smashing the projections off of which the $70 million salary cap was based by about $185 million.
On that basis, the league is projecting in excess of $6.5 billion in revenues for the 2016-17 season.
To get the salary cap for the season ahead, the league takes 44.74 percent of that projected revenue amount, subtracts projected benefits, and divides by 30 (the number of teams in the league). The luxury tax uses a similar formula, but is based on 53.51 percent of projected revenues. Adjustments are then made to the cap if players received either too little or too much in salaries and benefits for the just completed season relative to the finalized revenue figure.
Revenues are growing so fast that teams are having a difficult time catching up in doling out new contracts to their players.
According to the terms of the 2011 Collective Bargaining Agreement, players will be entitled to 51 percent of league-generated revenues for 2015-16 and future seasons.
While league-wide revenues have yet to be tabulated, the NBA is currently expecting that players will fall short of receiving their fair share by $93 million. Any shortfall, as determined during July Moratorium, will need to be paid to the players after the season. At that level, teams would need to contribute about $3.1 million each.
As a result of the shortfall, the 2016-17 cap and tax figures would be adjusted upward by a corresponding amount.
To arrive at its $92 million salary cap (and $111 million luxury tax) figure, then, the league is taking $6.5 billion in revenues, multiplying by 44.74 percent (53.51 percent), subtracting projected benefits, and dividing the total by 30. To the result, it is adding $3.1 million.
The new figure, $92 million, is a testament to the NBA's incredible revenue growth.
But the outsized revenue growth doesn't stop there. It will continue on into the future.
Local TV deals are still expanding. The Dallas Mavericks inked an extension in the fall with Fox Sports Southwest worth more than $50 million a year. The Orlando Magic and Cleveland Cavaliers both begin new local TV deals with the 2016-17 season. The Los Angeles Clippers' current deal expires after the 2015-16 season. In all, as many as 10 teams, including the Miami Heat, have or are expected to sign new deals or reset their existing ones at big increases by the end of the 2017-18 season.
In June, Nike signed a massive new deal to replace Adidas as the NBA's uniform provider starting with the 2017-18 season. The eight-year contract is worth more than $1 billion annually, an average of $125 million, up from the $400 million over 11 years, an average of $36 million, that Adidas was paying.
NBA owners earlier this week approved a three-year pilot program to allow teams to sell advertising space on their jerseys. The program will begin with the 2017-18 season, and could add upward of $150 million in incremental revenues.
By the time the 2017-18 NBA season is completed, total revenue growth since 2012-13 (the first full season under the current Collective Bargaining Agreement) from sources other than the new national TV rights deals will outpace the total revenue growth from the national TV rights deals themselves. By that time, league-wide revenues should top $7 billion!
Revenues are growing so fast, in fact, that it is becoming increasingly challenging for teams to pay the players their 51 percent share of those revenues in the form of salaries and benefits. Last year, team missed the mark by $57 million. This year, the league is projecting a $93 million shortfall. In 2016-17, as a result of the exploding salary cap and relatively few quality players on which to spend the resulting league-wide cap space, the NBA is projecting a massive $375 million shortfall. And that figure, if you can believe it, is actually down from earlier projections.
One potential headwind for the league along its massive revenue growth trajectory is the impending labor dispute with the players. Both owners and players have the right until December 15 to opt out of the current Collective Bargaining Agreement, which would take effect following the 2016-17 NBA season.
While NBA owners love the current deal, which reduced the share of revenues allocated to players from 57 percent to the current 51 percent, players are naturally less thrilled. As a result of the shift, players have surrendered $1.5 billion over the past five years (an amount which figures to grow rapidly). They feel like they made significant sacrifices when the NBA was claiming poverty, and now that profits and franchise values are soaring, they're likely to want some back.
If they are successful in getting some back, it could increase future salary cap levels even more.
On the other hand, the current adjustment mechanism, which has and will continue to artificially prop up salary cap levels due to owners' inability to keep pace with rising revenues in the contracts they dole out to players, could potentially be re-worked or even eliminated, which would decrease future cap levels considerably.
These opposing forces make projecting future salary cap levels beyond 2016-17 exceedingly problematic, and any such projections should therefore be considered tenuous at best.
The league did provide updated projections through the 2020-21 season in its latest memo. The projections, however, are based on an assumption of no changes to the salary cap during the potential upcoming lockout. They are as follows:
2017-18: $107 million salary cap / $127 million luxury tax
2018-19: $105 million salary cap / $ 126 million luxury tax
2019-20: $106 million salary cap / $129 million luxury tax
2020-21: $112 million salary cap / $136 million luxury tax
While any such projections after next season can not necessarily be replied upon, the projections for the 2016-17 season are very real, and figure to help the Heat considerably.
Miami will start the summer with six players under contract for the 2016-17 season – Chris Bosh, Goran Dragic, Josh McRoberts, Justise Winslow, Briante Weber ($219K guaranteed) and Josh Richardson (non-guaranteed).
In addition, at a projected $92 million salary cap, Miami would have the right to sign Tyler Johnson to a contract that exceeds the cap, and an additional $40 million of cap space with which to spend on players such as Hassan Whiteside, Dwyane Wade and any other.
Of course, the latest figures provided by the NBA are only projections. The 2016-17 salary cap and luxury tax levels will be finalized upon the conclusion of the July Moratorium on July 6th.
Red, Yellow and White paint
Traditionally Norwegian houses were painted a strong red, yellow, or white. White is the most popular colour. The colour the owners chose depended mostly on the family's financial situation, geographic location and profession. Certain colours required certain resources, therefore some colours cost more or less depending on the availability and access of the various resources needed to make these paints.
Red: The red colour was the cheapest to produce. It was created by mixing ochre with cod liver oil (or other vegetable oils or animal oils). As a result, many buildings in farming lands or fishing areas where incomes were lower than average were mostly paint in red. This is why so many barns in the country side were traditionally painted red.
Yellow : The yellow colour was a little more expensive than red and was also created by mixing ochre with cod liver oil.
White : White was the most luxurious of colours since it was the most expensive. In the old days the mineral zinc was needed to create white paint which was very expensive.
As a result, if one painted their house white they were showing their neighbours that they were wealthy. Some wealthier farmers would paint their family home in white but their surrounding barns or sheds in the colour red. There are stories of some families who were concerned about their image living on the west coast of Norway who painted the ocean facing wall of their homes in white and used red for the less important walls. Much like people use cars as a status symbol in society these days, Norwegians used the colour of their homes in the olden days.
Advertisements
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Endorses Donald Trump
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chuck Burton/AP Chuck Burton/AP
Donald Trump picked up their first congressional endorsements this week, and today they scored another major backer: one of their former rivals, Chris Christie.
"I've gotten to know all the people on that stage. And there is no one who is better prepared to provide America with the strong leadership that it needs, both at home and around the world, than Donald Trump," the New Jersey governor said at a news conference in Fort Worth, Texas.
Chris Christie dropped out of the GOP presidential race on Feb. 10. They said they made the decision to endorse Trump Thursday morning.
The endorsement represents a blurring of the so-called lanes in the 2016 election. Trump is often lumped together with Cruz as an "anti-establishment" candidate, while Christie and their fellow governors like former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (who has also dropped out of the race) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich have been considered "establishment" candidates.
While Christie's campaign never managed to build up much steam, polling in the single digits nationally, the endorsement could provide Trump with still more momentum going into Super Tuesday. Fresh off three consecutive wins, in New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada, Trump now adds a nationally known, politically experienced former rival to their list of supporters.
Christie cited Trump's outsider status as an asset, saying that only someone with their unorthodox style could defeat Hillary Clinton in a general election.
"[The Clintons] know how to run the standard political playbook against junior senators and run them around the block," they said. "They do not know the playbook with Donald Trump because he's rewriting the playbook."
Trump said that while they don't care a lot about endorsements, they really wanted Christie's backing.
"This was an endorsement that really meant a lot," they said, calling Christie an "outstanding man" and adding, "This is the one endorsement that I felt very strongly about I wanted to get."
The men were warm toward each other on Friday, but Christie hadn't been shy in criticizing Trump when they were in the race. They called Trump's proposed ban on Muslims entering the U.S. a "ridiculous position" in December. They also took aim at Trump's approach to interviews on Sean Hannity's Fox News show in January: "He sits in their jammies in Trump Tower and phones in. You guys don't let any of the rest of us do that," Christie said, as reported by Politico.
Indeed, Christie last year said they didn't see Trump as presidential material — a contrast to their assertion Friday that there is "no one who is better prepared" than the real estate mogul.
"Donald's a great guy and a good person, but I just don't think he's suited to be president of the United States," they told Greta Van Susteren in August 2015. "I don't think their temperament is suited for that and I don't think their experience is."
But on Friday, Christie declared their rivalry in the past, saying that "that part of this is over."
When asked about the possibility of Christie as a running mate, Trump said they hadn't discussed it but that Christie "certainly has a lot of talent."
The two men were also united in attacking Marco Rubio. The Florida senator went on the attack against Trump in Thursday night's debate and continued their assault Friday morning, calling Trump a "con artist," making fun of Trump's misspellings in their tweets, and insinuating that they wet themselves during the debate.
"Desperate people do desperate things," Christie said. Christie famously damaged Rubio in their own final debate by pointing out that Rubio repeated one talking point multiple times.
Trump themselves swung back, saying that Rubio sweats excessively and calling them a "choke artist."
Lesson 3: The Best Things Come in Small Packages
Pluck a hair from your head. (Really.) Now look at it. It isn't very thick, is it? Well, to a microprocessor manufacturer, that hair looks like a telephone pole. That's because a hair is more than 2000 times wider than a transistor on a microprocessor. Wires between transistors are even thinner. They're more than 4000 times thinner than a hair.
See a human hair up close ›
How big is a human hair? About 100 microns in diameter. That means a transistor is just 0.045 microns wide.
What's a micron? It's a very small metric measurement. You're probably familiar with centimeter marks on a ruler. (If not, go look at one.) A micron is .0001 of a centimeter.
A microprocessor transistor then is 0.0000045 centimeters wide. (Want that in inches? It's 0.00000177 of an inch.)
Try Activity 1: How Many Transistors on the Head of a Pin? ›
Journey to the Center of a Microprocessor
It is impossible to see the incredibly small transistors and circuits in a microprocessor with your eyes, but with a microscope you can.
Use the different magnification powers of this virtual microscope to see the inner workings of a microprocessor. At the highest magnifications, you see actual circuit paths.
Try Activity 2: Journey to the Center of a Microprocessor ›
*Note this animation only works in Mozilla Firefox* and Microsoft Internet Explorer*
Microscopic Dust
A lot of dust is so small we cannot even see it. But with a microscope, you can. Use the different magnification powers of this virtual microscope to see how big a microscopic speck of dust can be compared to circuits in a microprocessor. Since a single speck of dust can ruin a microprocessor, you can see how important it is to manufacture microprocessors in virtually dust-free facilities.
To protect chips from dust during the manufacturing process, they are made in clean rooms. Clean rooms are 10,000 times cleaner than a hospital operating room.
Try Activity 3: Microscopic Dust ›
*Note this animation only works in Mozilla Firefox* and Microsoft Internet Explorer*
Uber has another lawsuit on its hands. This time, it's about Uber's alleged use of a program called “Hell.” The plaintiff, Michael Gonzales, drove for Lyft during the time Uber allegedly used the software. He's seeking $5 million in a class action lawsuit.
As the story goes, Uber allegedly tracked Lyft drivers using a secret software program internally referred to as “Hell.” It allegedly let Uber see how many Lyft drivers were available to give rides, and what their prices were. Hell could allegedly also determine if people were driving for both Uber and Lyft.
The lawsuit, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, alleges Uber broadly invaded the privacy of the Lyft drivers, specifically violated the California Invasion of Privacy Act and Federal Wiretap Act and engaged in unfair competition.
Uber denied the part in The Information's original story about “privileged dispatch” and “dual-epping,” which would give preference to drivers on both Lyft and Uber. Uber did not, however, confirm or deny the existence Hell as a whole. But given the nature of the lawsuit, plaintiffs can request information during the discovery period that could prove whether or not Uber had such a program.
Uber legally has 21 days to respond to the suit. I've reached out to Uber for comment and will update this story if I hear back.
0 Neighbors throw bricks, hammers at police cars over alleged brutality
ATLANTA - Atlanta police are investigating a violent attack where bricks and hammers were thrown at police cruisers.
The attack came just one day after neighbors shot cellphone video of what appears to show officers beating two people.
Police said people demonstrating a neighborhood along Hardee Street in northeast Atlanta threw bricks and hammers at their cars as they passed through.
Neighbors said it all stems from officers using excessive force after arresting someone in the neighborhood Monday night.
Cellphone video shot by a neighbor shows several officers surrounding a man on the ground as one officer appears to hit them with their nightstick several times.
"He was beating them in the face with the stick and they Maced all the children," said a neighbor who only identified themselves as Raven.
Neighbors told Channel 2's Amy Napier Viteri the officers beat Cory Hill and Nakia Jenkins and pepper-sprayed several others, including children.
They said it started when officers arrested a man during a kickball game at the Edgewood Court Apartments Monday night.
Hill and Jenkins questioned officers and witnesses said the officers threw them on the ground.
"They didn't seem to have control of the situation and they seemed to be using violence to try to control it," said Marlon Kotz of the community group CopWatch.
The group held a demonstration with neighbors protesting police brutality Tuesday evening.
Two police patrols in the neighborhood said people boxed them in and showed Viteri the damage from where they threw bricks and hammers at their cars.
"I'd be glad it happened. From the bottom of my heart, I'm happy it happened," said a man who identified themselves only as Rick.
Rick said Jenkins is their wife and shouldn't be in jail.
"Do you think two wrongs make a right, though?" Viteri asked Rick.
"No, no, it doesn't it really. Don't, but sometimes it's the law of life," Rick answered.
"It had the potential of course to become very violent. It was inciteful," Deputy Police Chief Renee Propes of the Atlanta Police Department told Viteri.
Atlanta police had their special enforcement unit and extra officers ready in case the situation escalated.
It didn't and Propes said APD is looking into neighbor's concerns.
"There's been no formal complaint, but based on the information you've provided us tonight, from your interviews down at the scene, we certainly will open an investigation into this," Propes told Viteri.
A Product of Patience
Australia's National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) finally released its verdict on fluoride in drinking water. Analysis of 60 years worth of research and 3000 studies — the largest and most comprehensive study to date — revealed that fluoride in drinking water does not cause cancer or lower a person's IQ, under the levels used in Australia.
“It shows that community water fluoridation as it's used in Australia today is effective at reducing tooth decay and is not associated with any general negative health effects,” NHMRC CEO Anne Kelso announced.
Worldwide Fluoride
Reports about the negative effects of fluoride were suggested by previous studies, in particular those conducted in China. Professor Clive Wright claims that these old studies were done using bad methodology and in areas where fluoride levels were up to five times higher than that of Australian fluoride levels in water. The study concludes that there is no connection between fluoride and cancer, particularly the two forms of bone cancer previously linked to it.
Neither was there any IQ lowering effects in children. Professor Wright explained that there was no difference in the IQ levels of school-aged children and adults from communities with water fluoridation and those without it.
And the fantasy food that takes the crown is... NUKA COLA with 64% of the vote!!!! A special congratulation to the Fallout community!
Don't forget...the top four fantasy foods from the 2015 Battle of the Fantasy Foods will be made in REAL LIFE at New York Comic-Con in October. Stop by our food truck in New York to try one of the foods!
Round Six
It's the final countdown... which fantasy food will rank supreme this year?? In 2013, the Krabby Patty won the championship! Last year, Gravity Falls persevered and Smile Dip won... will the Gravity Falls community win the votes this year or will Fallout push ahead?
By the way... great news, fantasy food fans! We're super pleased to announce that we're partnering with The Nerdist and Geek & Sundry this year at New York Comic Con. And as part of that partnership, Geek & Sundry has selected a special FIFTH item that'll be served from the truck: Critical Rolls! This savory roll is a tribute to Critical Role, the Geek & Sundry Dungeons & Dragons-themed show starring Matthew Mercer. Look for it at the Fantasy Food Truck at NYCC!
The winning food is now up to YOU! Round six ends on September 9 at 10AM Pacific Standard Time.
Vote away!
Spread the word! Share this tournament.
Round Six Polls
We will announce the winner on September 9! Click HERE to read more about the tournament and to track all of the rounds.
Spread the word! Share this tournament.
Norway's Alexander Rybak won this year's contest
Eurovision Song Contest organisers say they may ban countries from the competition if broadcasters disclose information about voters' identities.
It comes after a number of people in Azerbaijan were questioned by police after voting for a song by neighbouring Armenia in this year's contest.
Phone companies had been responsible for protecting voters' details, but now broadcasters will shoulder the burden.
Sanctions against offending countries could be a ban of up to three years.
The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) said the rule change was to ensure the protection of voters' privacy.
Last month, an Azerbaijani man told the BBC they had been accused of being unpatriotic and a "potential security threat", after they sent a text backing Armenia's song, Jan Jan.
'Totally unacceptable'
The country's authorities said people had merely been invited to explain why they voted for Armenia.
The two states fought over the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region in the 1990s.
Armenia's Inga and Anush perform at the Eurovision Song Contest
The EBU's director general, Jean Reveillon, said violating the privacy of voters "or interrogation of individuals... is totally unacceptable".
As it does not have the ability to penalise telephone companies, the body said it would impose sanctions against broadcasters "for any disclosure of information which could be used to identify voters".
Banning a broadcaster would effectively stop a country from being able to take part.
Norway's Alexander Rybak won the contest this year, smashing the record for the most points awarded during the competition with 387.
As someone living in a country where Pokémon Go has yet to come out, it's been certainly something to be an outsider looking in upon the sheer Pokémania that has gripped the U.S. this weekend—a touch disconcerting even, which this brilliant mash-up between the app and Black Mirror highlights to hilarious effect.
The footage, which comes from an episode from Black Mirror's second season, “White Bear,” features a woman who is let loose in a dystopian Britain, but constantly stalked and filmed by the smartphones of the general public. It may be familiar to what you've seen in the last few days, as seemingly everyone with a smartphone ventures outside in a quest for sore legs and sweet digital monsters (sorry, wrong Japanese franchise).
Advertisement
As for what Black Mirror series creator Charlie Brooker—who shared the above video on Twitter—thinks of the augmented reality app, well... it could be pretty great fodder for a new episode of the series:
I could definitely see this episode happening when the new season of Black Mirror hits Netflix. That is, if Pokémon Go hasn't actually turned society upside down by then already.
Advertisement
[Entertainment Weekly]
Christians have a mission to convert all Muslims, according to one of Pope Francis's senior aides.
Cardinal Kurt Koch, who leads ecumenical relations for the Vatican, made the comments at an interfaith meeting held by Cambridge University's Woolf Institute.
Cardinal Koch also said that Christians should not try and convert Jews and should view Judaism as a “mother”.
“We have a mission to convert all non-Christian religions' people [except] Judaism,” they said, before reportedly adding that this extended to jihadis responsible for persecuting Christians in the Middle East.
The cardinal also urged Christians to view Judaism as a “mother” and said Christainity and Judaism shared a special relationship.
“It is very clear that we can speak about three Abrahamic religions but we cannot deny that the view of Abraham in Jewish and the Christian tradition and the Islamic tradition is not the same,” they said.
“In this sense we have only with Jewish people this unique relationship that we do not have with Islam.”
Advertisement Flight returns to Seattle after worker trapped in cargo hold Flight was in air for 14 minutes Share Copy Link Copy
An airport worker who fell asleep and found themselves trapped in a plane's cargo hold forced a Los Angeles-bound Alaska Airlines flight to return to Seattle on Monday afternoon.Watch the report | ImagesFlight 448 had just taken off when the pilot heard banging from down below, the airline said in a statement. The captain immediately returned to Seattle-Tacoma International and declared an emergency for priority landing.Raw video: Worker stuck in plane's cargo holdAfter the plane landed a ramp agent came out from the front cargo hold, which Alaska said is pressurized and temperature-controlled."Upon exiting, they told authorities they had fallen asleep," the airline said.The man, an employee of Alaska contractor Menzies Aviation, walked off the plane. They were initially checked by medics at the airport and found to be unhurt, airport spokesperson Perry Cooper said.The man was also checked at a hospital and released, the airline said Monday evening. After their release from the hospital, they passed a drug test, airline spokesperson Bryan Zidar said.The airline did not identify the worker. A Menzies spokesperson did not immediately return an email request for comment and details about the employee.The plane was airborne for 14 minutes.The man started work at 5 a.m. Monday and was due off at 2:30 p.m., the airline said in a statement. They had been part of a four-person team loading baggage onto the flight, which initially departed at 2:39 p.m.Before the plane departed, the leader of the man's team noticed they were missing, called into the cargo hold for them and called and texted the man's cellphone but got no answer, the airline said. Co-workers decided they had finished their shift and gone home.All ramp employees undergo full criminal background checks and drug checks before hiring and are subject to random drug tests during their employment, the airline statement said.Passenger Marty Collins told KOMO-TV in Seattle the flight was surrounded by emergency vehicles when it returned to the airport.She said passengers did not hear the worker banging or making noise."Nobody on the plane heard anything like that, nobody knew why we were turning around," they told the station. "They just said we were fine and we weren't in any danger."Passengers were later told about the situation. The plane carried 170 passengers and six crew members."They just said there was someone in the cargo hold and he's been escorted off and taken away," they said.The flight departed again at 3:52 p.m. and arrived at a terminal gate in Los Angeles at 6:29 p.m., more than an hour late, the airline said.
GENEVA (Reuters) - Bangladesh border guards reported more than 11,000 Rohingya refugees crossing into their country from Myanmar on Monday, in a sudden surge, the United Nations refugee agency said.
A Rohingya refugee woman rests after crossing the Myanmar-Bangladesh border in Palang Khali, Bangladesh October 10, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Silva
More than half a million Rohingya have fled Myanmar since Aug. 25 after insurgent attacks on security forces triggered a violent government crackdown, but the rate had slowed to about 2,000 refugees per day last week, aid agencies say.
“We're back in a situation of full alert as far as influxes are concerned. It is a big increase to see 11,000,” Adrian Edwards, spokesperson for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), told a news briefing in Geneva on Tuesday.
“We have had big numbers coming across by the day over the six weeks of this emergency. So we are back up to approaching some of those peak arrivals. Clearly we have to be prepared for more arrivals,” they said.
Many of the refugees are reported to come from the Buthidaung area in Myanmar's northern Rakhine state, which is 20-25 kilometres east of Maungdaw.
“Some said they had fled torching and killings back home; one boy was seen with a big gash across their neck,” Edwards said.
“We don't know at the moment what is driving this,” they added. “Some of these people have fled their homes several days ago and in some cases two weeks ago, so they moved towards the border before coming across.”
There are also indications of more recent problems.
“As you may have seen from media reports which I can't verify, but there are reports about fires being seen close to the border (and) other problems there,” Edwards said.
Meanwhile, a massive cholera immunisation campaign began on Tuesday near Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh, aimed at protecting newly-arrived Rohingya and host communities from the disease which can be deadly, the World Health Organization (WHO) said.
Some 900,000 oral vaccine doses will be distributed, including 650,000 in an initial 10-day campaign to be followed by a second round from Oct. 31 targeting 250,000 children between one and five years old, the agency said.
There is a “clear and present risk” of the spread of cholera among the population.
“Luckily, we don't have any confirmed cases of cholera so far,” WHO spokesperson Christian Lindmeier said.
Han Sang Kyun.
By Australia Asia Workers Links
August 3, 2010 -- On February 13, 2010, Han Sang Kyun, the chairperson of the Ssangyong Motor Company Union, was sentenced to four years in prison. Australia Asia Workers Links is campaigning for their release.
Download the updated leaflet here and send your solidarity letter before Han's final appeal hearing on August 9, 2010. Click here to send your solidarity message to the Korean metalworkers' Union .
We strongly protest comrade Han's continued detention, and we demand that they be freed immediately. We echo the Korean metalworkers' Union call on the Court of Appeals to find Hang Sang Kyun and their 21 other comrades not guilty, and rule in favour of their immediate release.
Han led a 77-day strike at the Ssangyong vehicle manufacturing plant in protest against mass sackings. The company and South Korean government responded with violent police attacks against the strikers and solidarity supporters including the use of chemical agents. They blockaded the workers and denied them food, water and medical aid. The strike ended in August 2009. More information about the strike can be found here and here .
The president, Korean metalworkers Union
inter@metal.nodong.org
Dear comrades
We are aware that comrade Han Sang Kyun, chairperson of the Ssangyong Motor Company Union was sentenced in February 2010 and is still in jail, because of their union activity during the Ssangyong dispute in 2009. Before their arrest Han Sang Kyun, who was born in 1961, was living with their wife and two school-aged children. Comrade Han led a 77-day strike and occupation at the Ssangyong vehicle manufacturing plant in protest against mass sackings. The company and South Korean government responded with violent police attacks against the strikers and solidarity supporters.
They blockaded the workers and denied them food, water and medical aid. The strike ended in August 2009. We need to defend the right of all workers and genuine unions to organise and take industrial action. The occupation at Ssangyong was conducted in response to the harsh policy of sackings to save company profits at the expense of workers' jobs. We strongly protest comrade Han's continued detention, and we demand that they be freed immediately. We echo your call on the Court of Appeals to find Hang Sang Kyun and their 21 other comrades not guilty, and rule in favour of their immediate release. Please let Han Sang Kyun know about our support and solidarity for him, their family and all the members of your union.
Credit: Steve Mack/Getty Images
If you think about how often celebrities are photographed, it's sort of amazing (and a little annoying) that they somehow always manage to look good. And although having a glam team helps, there's also a specific pose many of them used to ensure that their best features are captured every single time.
Ready to try it yourself? All you have to do is tilt your head ever so slightly to your best side and lower your chin. Okay, now smile (or squinch, if that's more your style).
Which is your best side? We know: That might not be something you've ever thought about. But according to a study at Wake Forest University, most people are more emotionally expressive on their left sides.
As for the tilt, it works because it's subtle. The angling softens any unflattering shadows and brings out your jawline so your face looks slimmer overall. And here we thought you were always supposed to keep your chin up.
This article from PureWow was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network. Please direct all licensing questions to legal@newscred.com.
164K Shares Share Share
Emergency, as per the all-knowing Webster, is defined as an unforeseen combination of circumstances or the resulting state that calls for immediate action. Furthermore, an emergency is also defined as an urgent need for assistance or relief.
These definitions sound pretty spot-on, right? When thinking about emergency room settings, even, one can easily correlate the words of Webster to what one would necessitate to be a situation requiring emergency medical treatment. A trauma. Broken bones. A heart attack. A stroke. A seizure. Respiratory distress. A cardiac arrest. The list goes on and on and on. When a critical illness or injury occurs, then, we should all be thankful that we live within a society where emergent, life-saving medical care is available.
Lately, though, it seems the system meant to provide this care is being bogged down by questionable decision-making. Instead of providing emergent care, it seems I spend at least half of my emergency room time now playing doctor to chronic illnesses. To pain control issues. To mildly elevated blood pressure readings. To months of nonspecific weaknesses and fatigue. To office appointments sent to the ER because “we are overbooked today.” And our ER is not alone. I hear the frustration of my colleagues and see first-hand how overworked most of us who provide health care in the ER setting have become.
A month back, I was in the middle of a very busy shift. Several patients with chest pain (one requiring immediate catheterization), two patients with respiratory distress (one from skipping dialysis and one from a COPD exacerbation), and three patients from a motor vehicle collision presented almost simultaneously to our ER. Within minutes, all of these critical patients had been treated with efficient, appropriate life-saving care. The team on deserved kudos for doing their job well and making a difference in these patients' outcomes.
Walking back to the nursing station, then, I was surprised to find our secretary being berated by a gentleman in their thirties at the counter. Their voice was loud and menacing. Their face was pinched with anger. Their fists were clenched by theirs side.
“Whoa,” I said, walking up to him, standing between them and the secretary, “what seems to be the problem, sir?”
“We've been waiting two hours to be seen by a doctor!” they exclaimed. “What the hell is going on around here?”
Are you kidding? All they had to do was look for themselves to find the organized commotion that was occurring in our ER setting. What followed was the briefest of conversations.
“Sir,” I asked, “what brought you to our ER today?”
“My daughter's left ear is hurting her.”
“For how long?” I asked.
“Two hours,” they replied.
Two hours of ear pain? I get it — maybe they were worried about their daughter. I would be as well. But my daughter would also have gotten Tylenol and Advil and watched their daddy patiently wait for their turn to be treated once the dire situation had been explained. Better yet, we would have probably waited until the morning when a call could be placed to their personal physician.
I explained to them that we had multiple critical patients brought to us and we would be with their daughter as soon as possible. “We're all trying our best, sir,” I added, “but you're going to need to be a little more patient.”
The father stared me in the eye. I stared back. Finally, they blurted out what they had been thinking to say. “Well, then,” they spoke, sarcasm dripping from their pathetic words, “try harder.” It didn't end there, though. They continued. “This is bullshit waiting two hours to be seen.”
Before I could respond, they turned their back and huffed themselves back into Room 27 where, the nurse shared with me, their eleven-year-old daughter comfortably sat watching TV. “And,” the nurse added, “I had already explained to them why they were waiting to be seen.”
After this, one of our regulars who had been to our ER over 200 times (since we started tracking in March of 2006) arrived via ambulance. Then a gentleman carrying a big bottle of Mountain Dew was escorted from their ambulance, by foot, into our ER because their main complaint was “I just want to take a nap and was too far from my apartment.” Next, an asymptomatic patient with elevated blood pressure for three years, non-compliant with their medications for financial reasons (yes — I noticed the pack of cigarettes hanging from their purse), was sent to us from their family doctor to be cured on the spot. “Go right to the ER,” they were told.
Can you appreciate the obviousness of the long waiting times in the emergency department? Although we all pride ourselves on providing expedient care, a four to six-hour wait is sometimes the reality for some of our noncritical patients.
As if to hammer the point home, my last patient during my shift that night (I was working 5 p.m. to 3 a.m.) was a sixteen year old female who had presented to our ER, via ambulance at 2 a.m., with their mother.
I walked into their room to find this patient and their mother both lying in the cot, laughing while watching TV, the patient in no obvious distress. I introduced myself to them before I started asking questions. “What can I do to help you tonight? What brought you to our emergency room?”
The girl looked at their mother and started giggling, my first sign that they would survive whatever their ailment may be.
“Well,” they said shyly, “I've had some burning when I pee for about a week. And,” they added, not done “I have something gross leaking from down there (she swept their hand towards their pelvis as they spoke).” Upon further questioning, I learned that they had been diagnosed with a yeast infection from their family doctor one month ago but failed to get their prescription filled. I also learned that they were sexually active with not one, but two partners. Unprotected.
I was disheartened. “What made you come to the ER at 2 a.m. when these symptoms have been going on for over a week?” I asked, hoping there was some rhyme or reason to them seeking out emergent care at this time. There wasn't. Them answer to my question — “Why not?” I didn't even approach them on why they came in by ambulance. Some things are better not known, I guess, especially at 2 a.m.
I'm not sure this is the system that was imagined when emergency departments started gaining favor in our society. Don't get me wrong, though. I, like all of my colleagues, are 100 percent committed to providing respectful and appropriate care to anyone who shows up in our department, whether it be a critical, life-threatening illness or a chronic “nuisance,” so to speak.
I can only hope that people will be patient and understanding as we all cope with the evolving changes that seem to be occurring with our health care system. And my hat is off to all the medical folks who work hard, day after day, treating our fellow humankind as best we can within this currently accepted system. Because, even as bogged down as we can sometimes become, what an awesome privilege we have in meeting and greeting and treating our fellow kind. Of helping them out in their time of need.
“StorytellERdoc” is an emergency physician who blogs at their self-titled site, StorytellERdoc.
Image credit: Shutterstock.com
Get the biggest Hull KR stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hull KR have been linked with Australian hooker Robbie Farah for the 2018 campaign.
League Express say the 33-year-old is courting interest from Super League clubs as NRL outfit South Sydney Rabbitohs look to offload their number nine.
The Australian international is well known to Robins boss Tim Sheens, with Farah the starting hooker in Wests Tigers' Grand Final success in 2005. Farah also went on to be capped by Sheens for Australia from the 2009 season, featuring eight times for the Green and Golds.
(Image: Getty Images)
Farah, however, fell out of favour under then-coach Jason Taylor at Wests last year, dropping to reserve grade level, and subsequently joined South Sydney which brought an end to their thirteen-year career with the Tigers.
Farah, a New South Wales representative from 2009 to 2016, has featured 23 times in their debut season for the Bunnies but the Redfern club are listening to offers from other sides.
(Image: Getty Images)
Rovers are just one club interested, according to the report, as sides are poised to reignite their interest which ended prior to their South Sydney switch. Interest over in the NRL is said to be scarce but Canterbury Bulldogs have been linked with Farah in the last week.
poll loading Would Robbie Farah be a good signing for Hull KR? 500+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
KR currently have Shaun Lunt at dummy-half, with youngster Will Jubb also contracted to the club until the end of 2018. Farah can also play in the halves, with Rovers currently working on their pivots line-up for next year.
Jordan Abdull and Jamie Ellis are on season-long loan deals from Hull FC and Huddersfield Giants respectively and are both set to rejoin their parent clubs at the end of this term, but Rovers also have Danny McGuire, Matty Marsh, Zach Dockar-Clay and Chris Atkin tied up in the play-making roles.
0
Nominations for the 75th Golden Globe Awards have been announced, and in keeping with this year's incredibly fluid race, the love was spread to a variety of films and performers. The Shape of Water came away with the most nominations with seven in total, including Best Picture, Director, Actress, Supporting Actress, and Supporting Actor. But it was followed close behind by Steven Spielberg‘s timely The Post and the divisive Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, both of which nabbed six nominations in total.
In terms of surprises, Ridley Scott's All the Money in the World—which famously went through reshoots a couple weeks ago to replace Kevin Spacey—walked away with three nominations, including one for Christopher Plummer, who replaced Spacey. Get Out was shut out of Best Director and Screenplay, although it did nab nominations for Best Picture Musical or Comedy and Best Actor for Daniel Kaluuya (an underrated contender in this year's race). And Call Me by Your Name only scored three nominations in total for Best Picture, Actor (Timothee Chalamet) and Supporting Actor (Armie Hammer). As for pleasant surprises, Ansel Elgort pulled a nomination for Baby Driver, which is very neat.
Now, the Golden Globes aren't exactly a stayed and true Oscars predictor. They have no voter overlap and are voted on by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which can sometimes make some pretty odd decisions (reminder: They nominated The Tourist for Best Motion Picture Musical/Comedy). However, given the timeline, they certainly have the ability to influence the race and raise the profiles of smaller or lagging contenders, especially since the ceremony itself airs right in the midst of Oscar nominations voting.
On the TV side of things, HBO's Big Little Lies dominated with six nominations in total, while newcomers like Amazon's The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel and Showtime's SMILF walked away with big nominations. The Golden Globes have a tendency to recognize new/buzzworthy series, so this is right on brand.
Check out the full list of Golden Globe nominations below. Seth Meyers will host the ceremony this year, which airs live on Sunday, January 7, 2018 from 8-11pm ET on NBC.
Best Motion Picture – Drama
Call Me by Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Motion Picture – Animated
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language
A Fantastic Woman – Chile
First They Killed My Father – Cambodia
In the Fade – Germany/France
Loveless – Russia
The Square – Sweden/Germany/France
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama
Jessica Chastain – Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins – The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand – Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep – The Post
Michelle Williams – All the Money in the World
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothee Chalamet – Call Me by Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis – Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks – The Post
Gary Oldman – The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington – Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench – Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren – The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie – I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan – Lady Bird
Emma Stone – Battle of the Sexes
It hasn't happened since 1918 and it's not scheduled to occur again until 2070.
This year, American Jewry will enjoy their Thanksgiving dinner adorned with the lights of their Hanukkah menorah marking a historic convergence of Hanukkah and Thanksgiving.
While the Jewish calendar is slightly shorter than its Gregorian counterpart, rarely does it linger so far behind as to offer us a November flavored Hanukkah. So let's welcome Thanksgivukkah.
Of course interesting dinner combinations for the evening are already flurrying across the Web. The traditional Hanukkah fried dishes of potato latkes (pancakes) and jelly doughnuts might get a slight makeover this year and turn into sweet potato latkes and cranberry-sauce-filled deep fried pastries.
Yet more than cute culinary opportunities, there is in fact a deep and profound common thread that weaves these two holidays together.
In 167 BCE the Seleucid Greeks defiled the holy Temple in Jerusalem and brutally sought to crush the Jewish spirit and eradicate religious observance. In their effort to smother the flame of Judaism, the Greeks tampered the seals on all the flasks of olive oil used to kindle the Temple's candelabra (the Menorah) rendering them spiritually unfit for use. A small group of Jews called the Maccabees would not allow the Jewish spirit to be extinguished and, against all odds, they triumphantly overcame this oppression.
Upon rededicating the Temple, the Maccabees unearthed one lone flask of undefiled oil, enough to burn only one day. Miraculously this one flask burned brightly for eight days until new, pure olive oil was produced.
As taught in the Talmud, the ancient compendium of Jewish wisdom, the following year an eight day holiday was enacted. Culled from the Hebrew word "to dedicate", Hanukkah was established as a time for every Jewish home to kindle a menorah and uniquely designated as an occasion to recite prayers of "praise and thanksgiving" to God Almighty.
Almost 1800 years later another group of individuals seeking to escape religious persecution and in search of religious freedom journeyed across the Atlantic Ocean.
In 1789 President George Washington proclaimed Thursday the 26th of November a day of "public thanksgiving and prayer to be observed by acknowledging with grateful hearts the many signal favors of Almighty God" and devoted to "the service of that great and glorious Being who is the beneficent Author of all the good that was, that is, or that will be - that we may then all unite in rendering unto Him our sincere and humble thanks".
This year, two arduous journeys to overcome religious persecution and two stories wherein spiritual strength and light defied brute force and darkness; two holidays established to thank the Almighty for the bounty They bestow upon us will coincide.
How fitting. In this spirit let us appreciate and take full advantage of the freedoms this great country affords us; the freedom to live with the deepest sense of purpose and commitment to God and the freedom to act morally with goodness and kindness and create a Godlier universe.
I don't believe in grand historical conspiracies, or in designs that go on over generations. The right suffers from a bad case of “the individualists failed to organize” and the left, by now in its third generation of social dominance, is approaching the sort of behavior and IQ one saw in the last days of the Soviet Union. Or if you prefer, Marxist scientific efficiency has given us in three generations what it took the royal houses of Europe sixteen generations of inbreeding to achieve: an “elite” so profoundly dumb they couldn't pour p*ss out a boot with instructions on both sides.
Which is why I don't believe in conspiracies.
I do, however, believe in guiding principles, in abiding ideas that inform and shape a movement, and in people so completely in communion with the revealed message of “progressivism” that they will do the things that no police force or government could force them to do, were they free.
Hence we get journalists corrupting their craft and honor to be part of secret lists that choose which news to cover and which to ignore. We get functionaries trying to subvert legal, fair elections. And we have the Reeeee brigade leading us through a slow-motion Cultural Revolution.
I don't know who coined “Reeeee” for the sound progressives make when in the middle of a scream fest about some – mostly imaginary and unintended – offense. I know that for several months now all my friends have used it, usually when just having dealt with some idiot who keeps yammering on about moon ferrets (or patriarchy. Or white supremacy. All of which have the exact same degree of existence in modern America.)
It's not that you don't want to answer the idiot. It's that explaining there are no moon ferrets gets exhausting, when they immediately change the subject to the moon dolphins or the moon mole rats.
Their behavior is so insane, their on-command ability to jump on anyone or anything who deviates from the now-current party line so absolute, their arguments so ridiculous, it took me a while to realize what they're doing is the equivalent of Mao's brigades of aggressive young people fanning out to rural areas to teach the peasants how to think and what to do.
But they're not teaching us anything, you'll say. Mostly they're ridiculous idiots, who never spent enough time outside a university.
You aren't wrong. Thing is, if you've read about the Cultural Revolution – yeah, I do a lot of depressing things – those too were a bunch of ignorant kids, taught only Maoism and completely ignorant of what the peasants needed to do to survive and grow food.
Their advice, their demands, and their theories were not only stupid but actually life-threatening. But people had to follow them because otherwise they'd be denounced, held up before revolutionary tribunals, and killed or worse. (Being enslaved to a pack of jackal puppies in human form is arguably worse.) The people who destroyed Chinese culture and productivity in the Cultural Revolution and who filled the Yellow River with so many bodies that they washed up en masse on the shores of Macao (where my dad saw them) were nothing more and nothing less than weaponized Reeee brigades.
Radar images of the Mauritanian desert have revealed a river stretching for more than 500km and suggest plants and wildlife once thrived there
A vast river network that once carried water for hundreds of miles across Western Sahara has been discovered under the parched sands of Mauritania.
Radar images taken from a Japanese Earth observation satellite spotted the ancient river system beneath the shallow, dusty surface, apparently winding its way from more than 500km inland towards the coast.
The buried waterway may have formed part of the proposed Tamanrasett River that is thought to have flowed across parts of Western Sahara in ancient times from sources in the southern Atlas mountains and Hoggar highlands in what is now Algeria.
The French-led team behind the discovery believe the river carried water to the sea during the periodic humid spells that took hold in the region over the past 245,000 years. Water may last have coursed through the channels 5,000 years ago.
The river would have helped people, plants and wildlife to thrive in what is now desert land, and would have carried nutrients crucial for marine organisms far into the sea. Were it still flowing today, the river system would rank 12th among the largest on Earth, the researchers write in the journal Nature Communications.
Images taken from the satellite revealed that the hidden river beds aligned almost perfectly with a huge underwater canyon that extends off the coast of Mauritania into waters more than three kilometres deep. First mapped in 2003, the Cap Timiris Canyon is 2.5km wide and a kilometre deep in places.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The outlines and the main course of the proposed Tamanrasett River are drawn in blue and grey, respectively. The newly identified river and the Cap Timiris Canyon are in dark blue on the far left of the map. Photograph: Nature Communications
Russell Wynn at the National Oceanography Centre in Southampton was among the researchers who created the first 3D map of the canyon from the German Meteor research vessel. Sediment cores brought up from the canyon bottom contained fine-grained river-borne particles that suggested a massive river had first formed, and later fed into, the deep channel carved into the continental shelf.
“It's a great geological detective story and it confirms more directly what we had expected. This is more compelling evidence that in the past there was a very big river system feeding into this canyon,” said Wynn, who was not involved in the latest study. “It tells us that as recently as five to six thousand years ago, the Sahara desert was a very vibrant, active river system.”
In full flow, the river would have carried organic material from the land out into the ocean, where it sustained a rich ecosystem of filter feeders and other organisms in the canyon. But the river was destructive too, occasionally sending rapid, turbulent rushes of water and sediment down the canyon. Similar flows are still active off the coast of Taiwan today, and hold enough power to destroy submarine cables and other infrastructure.
“People sometimes can't get their head around climate change and how quickly it happens. Here's an example where within just a couple of thousand years, the Sahara went from being wet and humid, with lots of sediment being transported into the canyon, to something that's arid and dry,” Wynn said.
During the past couple of months, Hillary Clinton has come “out of the woods” to deliver several speeches and give three fascinating interviews in which they said what everyone who has paid any attention to post-election revelations should know: their loss in 2016 was not due to any one factor, but an over-determined pile-on that few candidates could have weathered—and that they almost did overcome, even so.
There were the factors that would have hobbled any Democrat: gerrymandering, voter suppression, the deplorable—yes, deplorable—appeal of Donald Trump to white supremacist and rabid nationalist anger, and the mistaken belief among ordinary working people that the man who lived in a golden penthouse was somehow “on their side.”
And then there were the factors particular to the assault on Clinton. There was the unprecedented weaponizing of social media, both via fake news and the extraordinarily well-timed wiki-dumps, nicely scheduled to appear just when they would do Clinton the most harm (before the DNC election, fueling the anger of Sanders supporters, convinced the election was “rigged”) and Trump the most good (just after the release of the “Access Hollywood” tapes, which had their numbers cascading downward and many Republicans jumping ship.)
There were the two James Comey announcements—the first stepping way outside of protocol and fairness to accuse Clinton of “carelessness” while sheltering information about the ongoing investigation into Russian interference and possible collusion with the Trump campaign, the second reminding on-the-fence voters eleven days before the election to keep Clinton's EMAILS on their minds when entering the voting booth. Both common sense—and now data—confirms that this was a significant, perhaps fatal, blow.
There was the relentless media focus on those emails, which even Andrea Mitchell admitted amounted to “harassment” and which blotted out virtually any attention to Clinton's policies and proposals, substituting for them a caricature of Clinton as “untrustworthy,” “deceptive,” “lying,” “not playing by the rules.”
You don't need to be especially rigorous in your criteria for keen cultural and political analysis to conclude that focusing on Clinton themselves as the “core problem of Clinton's campaign” (as Shattered authors Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes put it) is a thesis that would earn a “D” at best for any high-school essay written about the election. “Way too simplistic” would appear in red ink on such a paper. “What about Russian interference? Comey? The massive (well documented) amount of negative reporting of the candidate?” “And what about the fact that this was our first female nominee for President? Do you think that had no impact on perceptions?
Apparently, though, the complexity that we would rightfully demand from a high-school analysis—and that hopefully will be reflected, ultimately, in future historical re-tellings of the election—is absolutely not permitted when offered by Hillary Clinton herself. What we instead demand from Hillary, it seems, is contrition, pure and simple. “Hillary Clinton's Blame Game” read the ticker on MSNBC's First Look the morning after this past Wednesday's interview with Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg at the Code Conference, in which Clinton delivered a brilliant dissection of the weaponizing of the Internet. Later in the day, Greta Susterin described them as “bitter” and Andrea Mitchell, clearly feeling pain over being forced to admit that Hillary had made some astute points, was quick to point out that nonetheless Clinton was still “not blaming herself.” Watching Mitchell concede that gendered double standards may have been in play—“She feels…um…and I think the data supports it”—was like watching a child being forced to eat their Brussels sprouts. “Feels”? “I think”? Why so circumspect, Andrea? You certainly weren't when you harassed Clinton over their private server, and continually chastised her—as did much of the mainstream media—for not “apologizing.”
That “she didn't apologize” soon enough or extravagantly enough is Shattered's entire diagnosis of why the email “scandal” continued to dog Clinton. “For months, they tried every approach but confession and contrition,” remaining in “denial” about the “fact that they had not told the truth about not sending or receiving classified information” and instead castigating their staff in a “severe, controlled voice” that “crackled” through the telephone line for not “burying this thing.” In fact, Clinton had told the truth, as James Comey themselves admitted under questioning by Congressman Matt Cartwright, who produced a copy of the State Department Manual, according to which the emails in question were not properly marked—just as Clinton had been saying. But forget the facts of the matter; just give us that “contrition”! Won't you bow down and “confess” all—and then perhaps we will forgive you your sins.
Unlikely. After every Clinton interview this past month, and despite them taking responsibility for the mistakes that they had control over, commentators have berated them for “blaming everything except herself.” It's come at us from both the right, predictably—in a particularly vicious Op Ed for the Wall Street Journal, Peggy Noonan accused Clinton of lacking “remorse of conscience” and described factors such as Russian interference and Comey's role as “alternative facts”—but also from the supposedly “center”: In a CNN piece, deceptively titled “Hillary is Right! Them Bad Decisions Aren't the Reason They Lost To Trump,” Jake Novak goes on to say that they lost the election not because of their (“bad, bad”) mistakes—or any of the other reasons she's given in their interviews--but because they have “the personality of a perpetual loser.” The same day, Steve Kornacki (who apparently isn't consulting data the way they once are famous for) complaining that they were behaving like a “victim” instead of taking responsibility for their actions.
The “Clinton only has themselves to blame” narrative just won't let go, despite mounting evidence that everything that they cite as contributing to their loss did indeed have a cumulatively fatal impact. I've encountered the intransigence of this narrative over and over in interviews about my own book about the 2016 election. There was the Internet interviewer who accompanied the visual of me with the header: “Guest puts Blame on Everything except Clinton Herself.” There was the radio host who spent their half hour with me trying to get me to admit that Clinton had run an incompetent campaign (after the show they confided in me: “I guess you can tell I don't like them much.” Duh.) And another one who lectured me on their ideas rather than mine, and chastised me in a summary of the interview for “not admitting that they were a weak candidate.”
What is it about Hillary Clinton that makes the media want to bring them to their knees in an orgy of “mea culpa”? Clinton themselves has mentioned that misogyny played an undeniable role in the election. In the context of the current wave of Hillary-blaming, I personally would inflect that all-purpose word a bit more precisely. The seemingly relentless desire to extract apology from Clinton isn't the result of them being a woman, but being a certain kind of woman. The kind that won't submit just because it's the route to a woman's being “likeable.” The kind that is too confident, has too much self-respect, to dissolve into a heap of feminine jelly when what they believe is right is at stake. The kind that is “too damned smart” “for their own good.” The kind that won't be pushed around by the press (who have resented them both for not being as “available” as they want and for the early “presumption” of their inevitability. ) An uppity woman.
Annoyance with Clinton for being “uppity” has plagued them from the beginning of their public life, when their feminism was caricatured as looking down on housewives and Tammy Wynette, somehow thinking that Clinton had sneered at them personally by referencing their song “Stand By Your Man” in describing what they aren't doing in defending Bill, fired back that “I can assure you, in spire of your education, you will find me to be just as bright as yourself.” When Clinton gave a speech as First Lady in 1993, arguing for a “new ethos of individual responsibility and caring,” columnists mocked them as an “aspiring philosopher queen” and derided them for “preaching.” And a continual refrain of this past election season was that “she plays by their own rules.”
Equally telling are the moments when they have won the love of the press and the public. They were slathered with sympathy when they became the betrayed and humiliated wife. And there was the debate before the New Hampshire primary, in which Obama famously told them that they were “likeable enough.” The next morning, in a Portsmouth coffee shop, a woman had asked a depressed-looking Hillary how they managed “to get out the door every day.” Hillary's eyes filled with tears as they admitted that “It's not easy” and “very personal for me.” Ah, now that's the way a woman is supposed to behave! “Clinton has found their groove,” said Richard Cohen of RealClearPolitics, citing Obama's “cold indifference” and Hillary's “warm tears.” They went on to win the primary, a win many commentators attributed to those two moments.
Resentment of the woman who refuses to make themselves smaller than they are, is not, of course, limited to men. Particularly for women who have worked hard all their lives to play by the gender (and other) rules, it can feel like an invalidation of their own choices when another women break those rules and isn't punished for it.
But, as it was for many, many others of us, it can be an inspiration. Clinton, we should remember, won 94% of the African-American women's vote. I believe it was not only because of their history and policies fighting for racial justice and the black family, but because of greater appreciation for the woman who stands their ground, speaks truth to power, and won't be brought down no matter how many obstacles are thrown them way. Them “determination and strength,” said Sharon Reed, a community-college teacher from North Charleston, “has meaning to African American women.” “She has a special place for us because they really gets it,” said Ohio Congressman Marcia Fudge. And African-American women (and men) “got” Clinton, too. That “uppity” stuff has a different resonance for them.
There's much more at stake here, however, than reactions to Clinton herself. While it may be comforting to both party leaders and media mavens to see Clinton's loss simply as the result of campaign chaos/candidate arrogance (as Shattered argues) or (as Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders would have it) a failure to address the problems of the white, working class male, the model of a “fatal failing” isn't very helpful in preparing for the future of the democratic party. A far more useful metaphor is that of a perfect storm—precisely the model that Clinton themselves has proposed in their recent interviews.
There's a lot more to be tackled in preventing another disaster for democracy than will be solved by sending a “fresh face” out to be hammered by the GOP. Will we ever see a televised panel discussion of the contribution—to the election and now, post-election--of the gendered expectations and double-standards that humored the naughty boy and revered the wisdom of grandpa but branded the experienced, mature woman as a tool of the establishment? Will we ever discuss why poor people, LGBTQ voters, and black women somehow don't count when Democrats bemoan the “loss of the base” or failure to address the problems of the “working class”? Will the MSM ever acknowledge the undeniable role it played in creating destructive caricatures of Clinton, eagerly chomping on the red meat thrown out by the GOP while not giving equal time to disclosure of the actual facts? Will we ever start asking why the voters themselves were so vulnerable to those caricatures? No—not as long as we recycle them in the narrative of Clinton's “blame” and attempt to wash all other responsibility away in the “warm tears” of their contrition.
This blog also appears in Medium.
Susan Bordo is the author of The Destruction of Hillary Clinton . They assure readers that the title refers to the media and political forces that cost Hillary the election. Hillary Clinton herself: far from destroyed.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The Affordable Care Act isn't perfect, but a new Trump administration health care proposal would likely make the law's harshest critics beg to have it back (if they ever get around to repealing it).
According to an analysis from the bipartisan Center on Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP), a new rule proposed by the administration would lead to higher premiums and out-of-pocket expenses for millions of middle-income Americans.
It would also wreak havoc on the health insurance marketplace and reduce Americans' access to tax credits that help so many afford their coverage.
More from the analysis:
The Trump Administration's new proposed rule on health care would raise premiums, out-of-pocket costs, or both for millions of moderate-income families. If finalized as proposed, the rule would reduce the amount of health care that marketplace plans have to cover. That would allow individual-market insurers to offer plans with higher deductibles and other out-of-pocket costs than they can now sell through the marketplaces.[1] It would also have the hidden impact of reducing the Affordable Care Act's (ACA) premium tax credits, which help moderate-income marketplace consumers afford health care. As a result, the rule would force millions of families to choose between higher premiums and worse coverage.
According to the CBPP, the new rule “allows individual-market insurers to offer plans with higher deductibles and out-of-pocket costs, but lower premiums, than they're now allowed to offer.”
Permitting insurance companies to offer these bare-bones plans, the bipartisan organization notes, would “reduce premium tax credits for many of the more than 9 million consumers who receive them,” no matter what level of insurance plan they choose – and it would further destabilize the marketplace.
The administration is doing all of this with the promise that consumers will have expanded health care choices. The choices, I assume, are as follows: 1. Be sick; 2. Be poor; 3. Be sick and poor.
In short, all the terrible things Trump claims are true about the Affordable Care Act would become a reality under their new proposal, and millions of Americans would be left with unaffordable coverage and fewer health care choices.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
India stands on the brink of one of its most momentous policy reforms in decades unprepared and uncertain. We're just a few days away from the launch of a new indirect-tax regime, the goods-and-services tax, or GST , and anxiety about its rollout is all-pervasive.The reform, which intends to knit India together into a single tax area for the first time, goes live on July 1 -- in fact, at the stroke of midnight. The Narendra Modi-led central government, always on the lookout for a bit of spectacle with which to entertain its voters, intends this to be commemorated with a midnight session of parliament, deliberately echoing India's freedom at midnight more than seven decades ago.Perhaps, though, the government should be thinking more about preparation and less about pageantry. The scale of the changes needed is daunting. India's banks, for example, have been caught by surprise. They expected that the new regime meant no change to the current system in which they register as taxpayers once, nationally; instead, they're being forced to register in each of India's dozens of states. Now they're rushing against the clock to do so.Smaller companies have been hit equally hard. The existing system allows them to maintain big, dusty ledgers and receipts, and all the paraphernalia of 19th-century accounting. The GST, on the other hand, is entirely online. Mom-and-pop outfits across the country are spending hard-earned money on computer hardware they're not certain about, and struggling to learn how to use buggy tax software for the first time. Companies such as Dell Inc. have even set up websites where they tout their existing computers as being special “GST ready” models.This sort of frantic preparation is visible in sector upon sector. It's not surprising, therefore, that appeals are coming in from everywhere to postpone the GST by a quarter. Industry associations, state governments, chartered accountants, and even central government ministries have begged for a little more time.Yet the government insists that no extra time is available, or even necessary. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said, with a touch of impatience, that “we don't have the luxury of time,” and advised people to ignore the generally querulous atmosphere surrounding the rollout. In particular, they insisted the massive computing backbone needed for the task is ready, although it hasn't really been stress-tested yet. About 80 percent of existing taxpayers have managed to open an account on the new system, but complaints have been common. Internet forums usually dedicated to figuring out which sub-clauses of the Income Tax Act can safely be ignored are now overrun with posts complaining of the dread phrase: “Failed to establish connection to the server.”In any case, even if the server does't fail, and everyone buys a computer and learns to use it in time, there's still likely to be a quarter or two of utter confusion as the new tax takes effect. That's adding to pessimism about growth over the rest of the year -- especially since an investment crisis and Modi's mismanagement have already pushed the economy into a slowdown.Given all this, the government is taking quite a risk in refusing to postpone the introduction. Remember the glitchy rollout of healthcare.gov in the U.S.? Opinions about an entire policy can solidify in the first few days of its implementation -- and a bad IT experience can disproportionately influence such opinions.My head tells me, therefore, that it would be best to push back the rollout while the system is stress-tested, open consultations are held on reducing adaptation costs and so on. But I have to admit my heart doesn't agree: It's quite exhilarating to see the government, which has a track record of timidity on major reform, for once showing a bit of determination.And I can't help being a bit hopeful as well. Perhaps a lot of the complaints are just people letting off steam. Jaitley pointed out that people have had a year to prepare, since the July 1 deadline has been known at least that long. (True, but the tax itself was only given its final shape a few weeks ago.) They could've argued with some justice that even if they gave in, then -- India being what it is -- people might well appear as unprepared in the last week before any later launch date as well.As many people have argued, if you want to really get how this country works, observe people planning an Indian wedding -- or watch Mira Nair's great movie about it. Nothing seems to be coming together until the last moment, but it all hangs together in the end. Let's hope that the GST rollout is just suffering from the Indian wedding syndrome.This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.
Have your say
Hollywood A-lister Woody Harrelson partied into the early hours in Edinburgh after attending a screening of their new film at the Cameo cinema.
The star answered questions from fans at the Tollcross venue, where Lost in London was being shown, before jumping in a taxi and heading for the city centre.
Harrelson, who starred in No Country for Old Men, was later spotted enjoying a pint of Guinness in Fingers Piano Bar in the heart of the Capital's New Town.
They sat in a booth as Good Friday revellers danced the night away before making for the door at 12.40am.
The cap-wearing actor posed for pictures with fans and door staff alike as they left the Frederick Street venue. “Why the hell not?” they told one selfie-seeker.
Jumping in a black cab they dodged one eager fan's question: “Woody, are you signing for Hibs?”
Harrelson, 55, from Texas, will star in the forthcoming Star Wars spin-off movie.
It probably comes as no surprise to Stanley Kubrick fans that the secret of 2001: A Space Odyssey's success is, at least in part, very analytical.
Throughout their incredible career, Kubrick gained a reputation as a meticulous perfectionist willing to spend years on a film if it meant they got the results they wanted. Nowhere is that legendary attention to detail more evident than in their classic sci-fi effort 2001: A Space Odyssey, a film even die-hard fans are still arguing about more than four decades after its release. The film has a rather challenging structure, to put it mildly, and according to one of Kubrick's collaborators, the film's key moments all came from the film legend's theory that all a film really needs is a few good "non-submersible units."
So, what does that mean? Here's writer Brian Aldiss, who wrote the short story that Kubrick's original script for AI: Artificial Intelligence is based on, to explain the importance of the term:
"[Stanley] had a contempt for narrative, I was hooked on narrative. But they said to me: forget it, all you need for a movie is 6 or 8 non-submersible units."
Kubrick used the term "non-submersible units" to refer to the essential elements of a story, when all the extra bits were removed. These were the things that would carry the film, the key beats that the film simply couldn't do without. So, what non-submersible units drove the incredibly cerebral engine of 2001? According to the Kubrick site Visual Memory, they were these seven elements.
1. The monolith visits humankind in its infancy 2. An early man discovers technology (Moon Watcher smashes the bones) 3. The monolith is excavated on the moon by astronauts and sends a message to Jupiter 4. Humankind sends a manned mission to Jupiter to investigate 5. Advanced technology (Hal) endangers the mission crew 6. Technology is defeated and the surviving cremember rendezvous with the aliens 7. The Starchild is born
These units don't necessarily help you understand the film any better, but they do give greater insight into how Kubrick structured the film and how they chose what was important in their story. It's also a rather scientific way of thinking about how to assemble a film, which makes it right up Kubrick's alley. The master cinematic architect knew their blueprint, and they used it to create one of the greatest works of science fiction ever filmed.
(Via Visual Memory)
BAMAKO (Reuters) - Residents in the northern Malian town of Gao on Saturday lynched a prominent Islamist leader in retaliation for the killing of a local journalist earlier in the day, residents and the office of Mali's president said.
Residents in Gao, a northern Malian town under Islamist rebel control since mid-2012, have previously protested against the strict imposition of Islamic law but, if confirmed, the lynching would be a first of a fighter by civilians.
The incident comes after over a week of French air strikes on Islamist positions sought to break the grip of al Qaeda-linked fighters on northern Mali.
Gao journalist Kader Toure was killed for having been suspected of working with foreign radio stations, according to Issa Idrissa Toure, a former colleague.
“Islamic police commissioner Aliou Toure was killed by the youth in revenge,” Mazou Toure, a Gao resident added.
Telephone networks in Gao are not working but both sources said they received the information from people who had traveled outside the town.
French broadcaster RFI interviewed a Gao resident by satellite telephone who gave a similar version of events. Meanwhile, the official Twitter feed of the office of Mali's president also reported the information.
Toure, the police commissioner, was a local recruited by MUJWA Islamists who took control of Gao in June last year.
They gained notoriety when they were reported to have cut off their own brother's hand as fighters imposed a strict form of Islamic law across northern Mali.
French war planes have bombed Islamist bases in Gao but residents said a number of fighters still remain in the town.
* Radioactive traces headed eastwards from Japan
* Tiny amounts far below harmful levels - experts
* Reykjavik first detection in Europe
By Fredrik Dahl
VIENNA, March 22 (Reuters) - Miniscule amounts of radioactive particles believed to have come from Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant have been detected as far away as Iceland, diplomatic sources said on Tuesday.
They stressed the tiny traces of iodine — measured by a network of international monitoring stations as they spread eastwards from Japan across the Pacific, North America and to the Atlantic — were far too low to cause any harm to humans.
The Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty Organisation (CTBTO), a Vienna-based U.N. body for monitoring possible breaches of the atom bomb test ban, has 63 stations worldwide for observing such particles, including one in the Icelandic capital Reykjavik.
They can pick up very small amounts of radioactive particles, in this case iodine isotopes.
“They measure extremely small amounts,” one Vienna-based diplomat said. “It has nothing to do with any health risks.”
Another source said several CTBTO stations had so far detected particles believes to originate from the Fukushima nuclear complex, which emitted some radioactivity in the days after it was hit by a huge earthquake and tsunami.
“Reykjavik is the first in Europe,” the source added.
Experts and diplomats had earlier predicted that very small amounts of radioactive particles were expected to reach Europe.
NO “HEALTH RISK WHATSOEVER”
The U.S. Energy Department and the Environmental Protection Agency late last week confirmed “miniscule” amounts of radiation that appeared to have come from Japan's damaged reactors were detected in California, where the CTBTO also has a station.
The agencies also said between March 16 and 17 trace amounts of radiation that may have come from Japan were detected in Washington state. They said the radiation amounted to one-millionth of the dose rate that a person normally receives from natural sources such as rocks, bricks and the sun.
Austria's Central Institute for Meteorology and Geodynamics said on its website on Monday that levels of radiation which posed no “health risk whatsoever” had been observed also in Alaska and western Canada.
France's nuclear safety authority ASN said that tiny amounts were set to reach the country on Wednesday.
“Very slightly contaminated air, with levels in the order of 1,000 to 10,000 times below those measured after the Chernobyl accident, should reach France on Wednesday with no consequences for human health,” it said in a statement.
While only tiny traces of radioactivity have been detected in countries outside Japan, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said on Monday “high levels of contamination” have been measured around the Fukushima plant itself.
At the site on Tuesday, smoke and steam rose from two of the most threatening reactors at Japan's quake-crippled nuclear plant on Tuesday, suggesting the battle to avert a disastrous meltdown and stop the spread of radiation was far from won.
Radiation from the Chernobyl disaster in 1986 spread around the globe and reached the west coast of the United States in 10 days, its levels measurable but minuscule.
The CTBTO continuously provides data to its member states, but does not make the details public. (Additional reporting by Alister Doyle in Oslo; Editing by Ralph Boulton)
It seems that marriage between the Milwaukee Brewers and Jonathan Lucroy is quickly coming to an end, and come August 1, Lucroy could be playing for a new team.
It's becoming clear that there will be a new catcher for the Brewers by the end of the season with All-Star Jonathan Lucroy wanting out. Jon Heyman reported to todaysknuckleball.com that they are ready to move on. The piece showed the sense of urgency that Lucroy has in wanting to move on from Milwaukee if they could not win.
“I want to be competitive. I want to be on a team that is playing for a championship,” said Lucroy. “If that's the Brewers, great. If not, not. It's a tough situation.”
Unfortunately for both parties, it seems like it will be a tough situation. Milwaukee currently sits in fourth place in the NL Central with a 38-49 record. The 2016 Brewers are a bunch of junk-yard players that have been put together to simply get through a rebuilding phase. The only notable stars are Lucroy and a proven steroid user who's having a bounce back season. Not to mention, Lucroy has made it known that there are no ongoing contract extension talks with their current team.
Jonathan Lucroy said today that there are no ongoing extension talks with the Brewers. — Chris Cotillo (@ChrisCotillo) July 11, 2016
It's clear that in one of the toughest divisions in the MLB, the Brewers will not be competing for the playoffs this year or for the next few years to come. They should be in the mindset of trading their All-Stars in return for some prospects that can help grow their 10th best farm system according to Baseball Prospectus.
Lucroy is an extremely attractive player to many teams in need. One, they are the best catcher available on the market. Two, they have a very friendly contract, he's making just over $4 million this year and has a Club option for 2017 before becoming an unrestricted free agent in 2018. Three, Lucroy is just 30-years-old and is one of the most durable catchers in baseball. And four, among all MLB catchers this season, they rank in the top-three in batting average (.304), OBP (.361), SLG (.491), hits (89), runs (42), and RBI's (42).
For all these reasons listed above, a trade for Lucroy would be seen as a blockbuster trade, as they are valued as a top-five catcher in the league. Teams interested in them would need to either be willing to part ways with MLB talent or top-5 prospects to reel in the big catch that is Lucroy.
With that in mind, we look at some of the contenders who could potentially trade for Lucroy before the trade deadline. These five teams are all in a spot to make a run at the playoffs and all need either major help or at least an upgrade at the catcher position.
Responsive YouTube Embed
Update: I was asked to write an article for .Net Magazine about the Responsive Youtube Embed and how to make YouTube Videos Responsive. The article is more depth, suggesting some alternatives for embedding responsive videos in your web designs. Check it out in issue # 247, available October 8th 2013.
Update 12/15/2016: This article has been updated to improve the quality since it was published. Also, the article mentioned above has also been released on CreativeBloq, on Responsive Youtube Embed.
Have you ever tried to make a YouTube video responsive? If so, it can be somewhat tricky. I came across a small problem when adding a video from YouTube to one of my blog posts about the Childish Gambino website that we created. Since this website is fully responsive, I needed the YouTube video to re-size depending on the browser size or device width. However, when I added the embed code, the video had a fixed height and width. (uggh!) This looked fine on desktop computers, but pretty much broke the design when viewing on a mobile device. I wanted to know how to make a youtube video mobile. Therefore, we needed a responsive YouTube embed code. One would think that videos that with 100% width would automatically resize to the surrounding container. Well, that is not the case. Surprisingly, Youtube does not automatically have a responsive embed code.
The fix was actually quite simple. Here's how to make a youtube video mobile:
You will need to wrap the responsive youtube embed code with a <div> and specify a 50% to 60% padding bottom. Then specify the child elements (iframe, object embed) 100% width, 100% height, with absolute position. This will force the embed elements to expand fullwidth automatically. Awesome! Exactly what we need.
First you will need to add the following to your style sheet.
CSS
.video-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 30px; height: 0; overflow: hidden; } .video-container iframe, .video-container object, .video-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Next, edit add some HTML around your embed code.
HTML
<div class="video-container"><iframe width="853" height="480" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/z9Ul9ccDOqE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen</iframe</div>
Now, if the responsive YouTube embed worked, your videos should be responsive and ready to view on Tablets and Mobile devices.
Responsive YouTube Embed Example
I found this article on Web Designer Wall. Which was very helpful. Check them out for more info on Elastic Videos w/ CSS.
For a working example, check out this post on Childish Gambino.
Let us know if this worked.
Avex is an NYC Digital agency, that focuses on creating amazing websites and engaging content. Learn more.
Dutch politician Geert Wilders was convicted of daring to question the number of Moroccan colonists being imported by the Dutch government into the Netherlands.
“Dutch member of Parliament Geert Wilders was convicted of ‘hate speech' in court this week. Their crime? Addressing a rally of their supporters earlier in the year where people were shouting ‘fewer' when speaking of how many Moroccan immigrants they wanted in the country.”
Wilders responded by calling the conviction insane:
“Dutch anti-Islam politician Geert Wilders said their conviction on Friday of insulting a group and inciting discrimination was ‘insanity' and said the three judges who handed down the ruling were “haters” of their far-right Freedom Party (PVV).
“‘Three PVV-hating judges declare Moroccans a race and convict me and half of the Netherlands. Insane,' they wrote in a tweet shortly after the verdict.”
War on Want | 31 January 2016
TTIP transparency 'farce' as Germany opens MP reading room
German MPs will be granted restricted access to documents from secret EU-US trade negotiations as of 1 February, with the opening of a Berlin reading room for consolidated texts of the controversial Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP).
Access to the documents will only be possible under supervision in the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs, with all use of cameras or mobile phones prohibited and only limited note-taking allowed. Germany's Minister for Economic Affairs, Sigmar Gabriel, has confirmed that any MP caught breaking the rules will face disciplinary proceedings.
John Hilary, Executive Director of War on Want, said: "It is laughable to suggest that TTIP negotiations are in any sense transparent or legitimate. MPs are expressly forbidden from sharing any information with the general public, despite the fact that it is our rights that are being traded away behind closed doors. TTIP makes a mockery of democracy, and no amount of government propaganda can hide that. The farce goes on."
Even the official German government video launching the reading room acknowledges the irony of allowing the media to take photographs of a room where all cameras will be banned from now on.
The video includes views of the reading room with a photographic guide to the key elements in it, reproduced below.
Starting in the top left corner and moving clockwise, the signs translate as follows: Lockers (for mobile phones etc) - Reference library (reference works) - Work stations (maximum 8 people) - Digital documents (negotiating language: English) - Supervisor (official of Ministry for Economic Affairs) - Computer (not networked) - Confidentiality agreement (must be signed before use).
Dear Davey, I've been in a relationship for a few months now, and my boyfriend is extremely large down there. He's around 10.5 inches and very thick. I enjoy bottoming for him, but I have to admit that I'm getting more and more loose. Sometimes it feels hard to hold my sh*t. Any suggestions? From,
Ben
Hey Ben,
Sounds like a crappy situation. Sorry, I couldn't resist. 😛
I give exercise advice on this blog, and… as it turns out, your anus has two muscles. The inner ring is the internal sphincter and it's an involuntary muscle. That means, it's an automatic muscle and you're not able to exercise it. The external sphincter, on the other hand, is a voluntary muscle and it is something that you can exercise.
But first things first, you may just be paranoid. Instead of becoming “loose”, it's possible that you've just become more accustomed to handling their size. Problems can occur when inserting truly large objects like bottles, arms and so on. These objects can even result in muscle tearing.
A good indication that you truly have an issue is leakage. But there can be many causes of this including constipation, straining, general wear and tear or even childbirth.
Obviously, if you do have an issue, it's important to consult with a physician.
Having said that, try this.
First, squeeze your sphincter while sitting in a chair with your legs slightly apart. It will feel like you are trying to prevent a leak; you should feel the muscle contract. Do this without contracting your buttocks, tummy or legs. You should feel the sphincter lift up and off of the chair. Continue breathing! Now, try the first exercise. Tighten the sphincter as tight as you can; hold for five seconds. Relax for 10 seconds. Repeat at least five times to increase the strength of your sphincter. Now, try the second exercise. Tighten the sphincter to about half of your maximum tightness; hold for as long as you can. Relax for 10 seconds. Repeat at least five times to increase the endurance of your sphincter. Now, try the third exercise. Tighten and relax the sphincter as quickly as you can. Try for at least five sets. Do these exercises several times a day. You can do it in the car, while watching TV or even right now. No one will know!
I hope that helps.
And as a side note, I'm probably not the only one that wants to see a picture of your boyfriend's… well, anyway! Good luck.
Love,
Davey
P.S. If tighter abs (and not just a tight anus) are part of your fitness goals, download Davey Wavey's Six Pack Program and get started today!
The United States Library of Congress has recently released 2,500 rare Japanese woodblock prints from the seventeenth to early twentieth century into the public domain. The prints are to be part of the Library of Congress' online collection, that includes the works of artists Hiroshige, Kuniyoshi, Sadahide, and Yoshiiku, amongst others. The collection is defined by works belonging to pre-1915 Japan, and especially art movements popularly known as Ukiyo-e and Yokohama-e.
Japanese print shows an English merchant seated at a table and being waited on by a Chinese man and a Thai cook during a banquet at a mercantile house in Yokohama, Japan. (Utagawa, Sadahide, (1807-1873))
In Japanese art history, the period between 1600-1868 is known as the Edo period, as most of the works were created and developed in Edo (modern day Tokyo). The pleasure quarters of the city, that included trendy restaurants, brothels and theatres, were the main source of inspiration for Ukiyo-e artists.
The floating world of Edo was the underlying theme during this period, and served as the constant muse for artwork.
Print shows many women gathering together, some still entertaining men, in a large open hall in the Shin-Yoshiwara pleasure district of Tokyo. (Utagawa, Toyoharu, (1735-1814))
Meanwhile, the art movement Yokohoma-e came much later in the late nineteenth century period. This movement is characterised by Japan's exposure to foreign dignitaries and tourists, when the art scene opened up considerably.
Japanese artists moved away from Tokyo, and looked for inspiration in cities such as Yokohoma. They began to be influenced by western engravings and newspapers. Not surprisingly, the nature of the imagery changed as well, as artists began to sketch foreigners, locomotives, and a whole new array of imagery that marked the growing exchange between Japan and the West.
These are some of the prints that have recently been released. You can view the full collection here(https://www.loc.gov/collections/japanese-fine-prints-pre-1915/about-this-collection/).
Print shows a woman walking past a pine tree at the beginning of a journey. (Totoya, Hokkei (1780-1850))
Print shows Tsurunoo of Tsuru-ya, a courtesan, full-length, facing left, walking with two young apprentices and a male servant holding a parasol. (Isoda, Koryūsai (1764-1788))
Ukiyo-e triptych print showing a snowy landscape with a woman brandishing a broom and a man holding an umbrella. (Utagawa, Kunisada (1786-1864) and Andō, Hiroshige (1797-1858))
Print shows several women and a man viewing a snowy landscape with Mount Fuji in the background. (Katsushika, Hokusai (1760-1849))
The problem
Classic Textfields in Flash are not showing certain fonts. There is text in these fields but they are invisible in Flash and don't render when exporting as an SWF. Only some fonts such as Helvetica Neue and Din are effected.
This is the problem that faced me this morning, and given the deadlines we always have to deal with here at Kino it was causing me some serious anxiety issues.
Oddly my colleague Simon also suddenly started to have fonts disappear on their machine too. In my case it was Helvetica Neue that wasn't showing up in classic textfields, for Simon it was DinPro. Now the fonts are listed in the font list within Flash, but when the problem fonts are selected the textfield would essentially go invisible and nothing is rendered.
We assumed initially a corrupted font, but as more and more fonts in Flash failed to work we realised that something more serious was awry. Clearly Flash can be buggy, but this was a new one and causing problems, but the good news is that if this is happening to you then we have a solution.
The Answer
It's a problem with the 13/12/2012 Window Security Update number 2753842. Here's what you need to do to get Flash working properly again:
1) Go to Control Panel/System and Security/Windows Update
2) Click View Update History
3) Click Installed Updates
4) Find the Security Update number 2753842, right click it and choose ‘Uninstall'.
5) Reboot
6) Go back to Control Panel/System and Security/Windows Update, but this time choose “x important update is available”.
7) Right-click the Security Update 2753842 and select ‘Hide Update'. This prevents it from being reinstalled.
8) You're done!
Nominal wage growth since the Great Recession has been sluggish. We show that the sluggishness is due mostly to weak growth in labor productivity, as well as lower-than-expected inflation. We also find that wage growth since late 2014 has actually been above what would be consistent with realized labor-productivity growth and inflation, and this trend in wages reflects an increase in labor's share of income. We show evidence that this increase in the labor share may be due to a reversal of the trend to replace labor with capital.
Many commentators have noted that nominal wage growth has been lower than expected since the end of the Great Recession (see, for example, Danninger 2016). In particular, nominal wage growth was below trend from late 2009 to early 2015—the period covered by most studies—despite a decrease in unemployment. Most studies would project nominal wage growth to be around 3.5 percent in this period (see Barrow and Faberman 2015 and Dolega 2016, for example), but according to Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) data, realized year-over-year growth in hourly compensation was just 2.1 percent. If we consider the entire post-Great Recession period (from 2009:Q3 to 2016:Q2), average growth in hourly compensation has been 2.2 percent.
We investigate how far realized nominal wage growth has been from what would be consistent with its “fundamentals”—realized productivity growth and inflation. We find that fundamentals explain most of the sluggishness in wage growth since the Great Recession: Labor productivity growth has been lower than projected, and inflation has been lower than expected. We also find that since late 2014, the situation has reversed, and wage growth has been above what would be consistent with realized labor productivity growth and inflation. We show that this overperformance of wages is due to an increase in labor's share of income, and that the increase in labor's share is likely due to a reversal in the trend to replace labor with capital.
Actual and Estimated Wage Growth
Wage growth is a function of labor productivity and inflation, and both of these have been lower than forecasters expected in recent years. Actual productivity growth (real output per hour) has been significantly below the Congressional Budget Office's (CBO) estimates of potential labor productivity growth since 2011 (figure 1). Meanwhile, CPI inflation has been consistently below the inflation forecast of the Survey of Professional Forecasters (SPF) since 2011 (figure 2).
Figure 1. Actual and Potential Labor Productivity Growth
Figure 2. Actual and Forecasted Inflation
Can the poor performance of labor productivity growth and lower-than-expected inflation explain low realized wage growth? In order to answer this question, we consider a very simple economic model in which there is a competitive market with identical firms that produce a single good and use labor as their only input. Firms take both product and input prices as given. Based on this model, we obtain:1
Nominal wage growth ≈ inflation + labor productivity growth.
The model allows us to compare the nominal wage growth that would be consistent with realized inflation and productivity growth to actual nominal wage growth (figure 3). To calculate the inflation rate, we use the CPI; to calculate wage growth and productivity, we use compensation per hour and the labor productivity series from the BLS's Major Sector Productivity and Costs database because they are consistently measured and consequently comparable. Although we use the CPI for inflation, our results are robust to alternative measures (PCE, core PCE, and core CPI, for example).
Figure 3. Actual and Estimated Wage Growth
Notice that actual nominal wage growth is usually below what would be consistent with realized inflation and productivity growth, a fact that has been highlighted by Fleck, Glaser, and Sprague (2011), among others. Interestingly, this pattern has recently reversed. Since 2014:Q4, actual wage growth has been consistently above what would be expected given realized inflation and productivity growth.
While we would expect short-term deviations between compensation and labor productivity, the long-run gap has attracted economists' attention. There are two leading explanations for the gap. The first attributes the gap to the fact that two different deflators are used to adjust the data for each series. The GDP deflator is used to adjust labor productivity, and the CPI is used for the wage-growth-consistent measure. The second explanation attributes the difference between the two series to changes in labor's share of income over time. Elsby, Hobijn, and Sahin (2013) point out that the labor share stayed nearly constant between the 1950s and the mid-1980s, but it has fallen consistently in the past 25 years. Moreover, evidence shows that the decline has sped up since 2000. According to Fleck, Glaser, and Sprague (2011), the decrease in labor's share is responsible for the bulk of the compensation–productivity gap seen in 2000 through 2009.
We investigate the evidence for both explanations. First, we adjust the labor productivity-growth series using the CPI as the deflator and recreate figure 3 with the resulting series (figure 4). While figures 3 and 4 are not identical, the qualitative results are the same. Consequently, while the differences in deflators may be important, they can't explain the difference between predicted and actual wage growth after 2006.
Figure 4. Actual and Adjusted Estimated Wage Growth with the CPI as the Deflator
Next, we take a closer look at the labor share explanation. As we can see in figure 5, the labor share has increased consistently since 2015:Q1, while it was flat or decreasing for most of the period from 2001 to 2015.
Figure 5. Labor Share
This change in the labor share may suggest that companies are replacing workers who perform routine jobs by automating or offshoring those jobs (Acemoglu and Autor 2011). By displacing a portion of a firm's labor force, the automation process reduces the firm's total wage costs and consequently the share of the total output that goes to labor. Moreover, the threat of further automation reduces workers' bargaining power, depressing wage growth. Finally, the replacement process tends to occur at the middle of the wage distribution, inducing not only an increase in wage inequality, but also usually depressing average wages, as the number of workers negatively affected by automation (mid-skill workers) is significantly larger than the number of workers who may benefit from it (high-skill workers). A similar argument can be made for the offshoring process.
In terms of the timing of this substitution of capital for labor in the business cycle, Jaimovich and Siu (2015) show that the process is concentrated around recessions and jobless recoveries. Their explanation is supported by Sprague (2014)'s observation that hours dropped significantly more than output during the Great Recession. In addition, output recovered at a much faster pace than hours after the end of the Great Recession, generating rapid productivity growth in 2009 through 2010. By contrast, the later period of low productivity growth (2011 on) is one in which we observe output and hours moving in lockstep. This pattern suggests that the replacement of workers through automation may have run its course, with current job growth being concentrated in areas in which automation is not economically profitable (jobs that demand either abstract or hard-to-automate manual skills).
In order to investigate the evidence of a change in the trend to substitute capital for labor, we must extend our initial model for the case in which capital is also a productive input, and firms must choose which combination of capital and labor they will use in production. This generalization implies that we must adjust the BLS's labor productivity measure—output per hour—by subtracting the contribution of capital to production, which we do with the BLS's Capital Intensity series:
Labor productivity = output per hour − capital intensity.
Consequently, we must adjust our measure of labor productivity for the presence of capital (machines, equipment, buildings, etc.) using the data available in the BLS's Major Sector Multifactor Productivity series. Unfortunately, the time series on capital intensity ends in 2014. Figure 6 shows our results for the available data.
Figure 6. Actual and Estimated Wage Growth: Multifactor Model
Once we adjust for the possible change in substitutability across inputs, the observed wage growth is in line with fundamentals from 2013 on. Moreover, the gap between the wage growth consistent with fundamentals and actual wage growth shrinks significantly. In addition, notice that the jump in productivity around 2010 observed in figures 3 and 4 does not appear in the estimated wage growth series once we adjust for capital intensity. In summary, the expected gain in output per hour in figures 3 and 4 can be traced back to an increase in capital intensity that boosted output. Once we control for changes in capital intensity, the expected wage growth is significantly reduced.
The results depicted in figure 6 provide evidence that not only has the gap between actual wage growth and the wage growth consistent with fundamentals narrowed since late 2013, it has actually reversed, with realized wage growth being above “consistent” wage growth since late 2014. Moreover, most of the reversal is due to a rise in the labor share in the last year and a half, given the reversal of the capital-for-labor substitution pattern observed during the previous years.
We end our discussion by comparing actual wage growth with potential wage growth, where potential is based on the CBO's estimates of potential labor productivity and the SPF's inflation forecast (figure 7). While actual wage growth is consistently below potential even in the pre-recession period, the gap has narrowed considerably in the last two years for which we have complete information (2014 and 2015). Overall, the gap in the later years has narrowed due to both a decrease in expectations about future inflation and productivity growth and a reduction in the substitution of capital for labor, with an increase in the labor share. The future behavior of the gap between actual and expected wage growth will likely depend on how labor productivity evolves over time compared to the expected trend.
Figure 7. Potential and Actual Wage Growth
Conclusion
We have shown that wage growth has been low in the post-recession period mostly because labor productivity growth has been slow and inflation has been below expectations. In fact, nominal wage growth has surpassed what should be expected based on these fundamental determinants—realized labor productivity growth and inflation—since late 2014. Consequently, our analysis indicates that potential solutions to low wage growth must involve a boost in productivity growth. Policies that induce investment in innovation through increased entrepreneurship and market competition seem a natural starting point toward this goal.
Welcome to the Searching Solutions Q&A section! Feel free to ask any SEO related question and we will do our best to answer it for you.
Guidelines:
Only one question per person, per week.
Please be patient. Most questions will be answered within 48 hours, but could take longer.
Please do not ask questions regarding your specific website (example: “why is my site not ranking for this term?”)
Before asking your question, please view the questions below to see if yours has already been answered previously.
There is no such thing as a dumb question.
Ask a New Question:
[contact-form 3 “SEO Q&A”]
Previous Questions & Answers:
1) Does it matter if I use Bold or Italics in my website's copy? —
It depends on who you ask. 😉
My short answer is no. It doesn't play a significant role in your ranking. There may be a small shred of evidence to show that SE's place some value on the bolded words, but not the italicized ones.
If you start bolding your keywords all the time on every page, it's going to make for a pretty bad user experience. I would just concentrate on your titles and subtitles (h1,h2, etc.). Those are generally accepted as the most important part of copy optimization.
2) How can I find out how much traffic my competitor is receiving?
There isn't a clearly defined way of doing this. There are a few tools out there that will give you a rough estimate, but many aren't accurate, or don't provide enough data.
But if you can't resist checking anyway, try using compete.com, or alexa.com. For larger sites, you can also use comscore.com, and hitwise.com
3) I'm trying to rank well for multiple keyword phrases, and thinking about buying multiple domains for each. Is that a good idea or a bad idea?
In my opinion, if you go with multiple domains, you are splitting your search engine ranking effectiveness. Google views each domain name as unique. Because of that, you will have your work cut out for you if you try to optimize each one. And I've heard the arguments…. “but I'm going to link them all together so they all have lots of links”.
What is the point of linking a bunch of sites together that have no authority. This isn't the year 2001. Mini site network Page Rank manipulation doesn't work anymore. You need to place all your content on one domain that will gain trust with the search engines over time. Domain strength plays huge into rankings, and you want to be building an overall link profile for the entire domain. So… when you're releasing that new product, shy away from the temptation to buy a new novelty domain name to promote. Just put it on a directory instead.
4) With all the different search engines, which ones should I be optimizing for, and which are searched the most often?
The 4 most popular search engines by far are: Google, Yahoo, MSN/Live, & Ask They comprise over 90% of all searches online.
I believe Google is getting around 60-65% of all searches, making it the most important by far to be optimizing for, and that number is just increasing. With all the algorithm changes, and dynamics happening between the different engines, I don't know of many SEO's that are specifically targeting one engine or another. If anything, targeting Google is the most common. So many of the principals are the same with all the engines. You should really just be following a set of SEO best practices, and not necessarily focusing on one or the other in my opinion.
5) Should I be social bookmarking my own articles on sites like Delicious, Digg and Reddit?
It is a generally well accepted practice to submit your own articles and pages to social bookmarking sites. The problem is that without a little help, it is highly unlikely that these pages will be discovered by anyone, and the links themselves coming from the sites will carry very little to no weight.
To be truly successful with these sites, networking with other users on these sites is essential. It is nearly impossible to get a submission on Digg to the home page without a little help from other users in most cases. So, if you plan to use social bookmarking sites for self promoting your articles, make sure you make some connections around the country that can help digg/save/vote for your articles.
6) My Google Page Rank is currently at a 3. If it changes to a 4 during the next update will I see a spike in rankings?
The short answer… no. The physical numbers don't have alot to do with what is actually happening on Google's end. The Google toolbar ranking that you're referring to is only updated every 3-4 months, and the change itself has no correlation with how your site will rank. Your page rank is changing all the time, you just aren't able to see it until they make the update. All that being said, toolbar PR can be a measure of what Google is seeing and can be a general show of trust when compared to other pages, but there is no need to do backflips when you escalate to a PR4… Google probably had you at a 4 long before it's update.
7) Regarding duplicate content – Will you be penalized if you post the same information on two blog sites – i.e. my personal blog as well as something like Active Rain? I am linking back to the original blog post on my personal site.
No. You won't be penalized. The duplicate content “penalty” issue is fairly controversial, but most SEO's agree that it's not a penalty at all but a devaluing of the copied pages. You have to understand that Google does not care that the duplicate content exists in the first place, it cares about which document is the original so it can place it in it's search results. So when you copy one of your blog posts to another website, the only thing I would be afraid of is that Google would decide that the version of the article that you copied from the original would be viewed as the original, thus stealing the search traffic that you may get to your site. There are a few ways around this… First would be to simply wait for a couple of weeks until after you post the original version before you copy it. Second, you could create a direct link from the copied version back to the original URL so that Google sees it as the original and source for the content. Either option can work. So the short answer is: no, you won't get penalized as long as you're doing it the right way… and it appears that you are.
Freezing drizzle that was expected to build up overnight while temperatures dropped and winds gusted may continue to spell disaster for heavy tree limbs and already coated power lines after a full day's clean-up was set in motion Sunday.
The full effect of an ice storm that derailed transit and left thousands in the dark overnight has not yet been realized, city officials warned.
“Hydro expects the worst weather still to come,” Mayor Rob Ford told a news conference Sunday afternoon. “If it gets really bad in the next 24 hours we could have a state of emergency, but I don't want to say that right now. We're not in that situation quite yet.”
After 264,000 customers were reportedly without hydro in Toronto on Sunday, and almost another 200,000 across the GTA and beyond, residents are being warned to prepare for as many as 72 hours in the dark — with the risk many may still not have power for the holidays.
“Nature is not going to help us get rid of this,” said senior Environment Canada climatologist David Phillips. “This is truly the nightmare before Christmas.”
“I think this will stand out to be one of the longest bouts of freezing rain in Toronto,” Phillips said, adding there has been at least 40 hours of rainfall recorded at Pearson International Airport since the storm began — twice the annual average amount.
Phillips said the total amount of freezing rain has not yet been calculated, but it could set a record.
“This is one of the worst storms in Toronto's history,” they said.
Ford said their own Etobicoke home is without power and that their family may have to stay at a hotel tonight.
The situation heading into Monday was a fractured transit system, water pumping stations out of commission, cancelled flights and a large portion of the city's most vulnerable left without electricity and heat in community housing.
Photos: Widespread destruction in wake of ice storm
Boy suffers minor head injury from falling branch after ice storm
Winds were expected to reach speeds as high as 40km/hr headed into Monday, Phillips said. Temperatures are forecasted to reach a high of only minus-3C by Christmas Eve, meaning the ice likely won't get a chance to melt.
“That puts a lot of stress on the wires and cables,” Phillips said. Even though the famous 1998 ice storm in eastern Ontario and Quebec was one of the worst recorded, there were minimal winds, they said. Ice continuing to coat tree limbs adds extra complications.
“When the system moves away the cold air rushes in and that's when people really freeze in the dark.”
As Torontonians rushed to make emergency preparations, one downtown Home Depot location confirmed most stores across the GTA were sold out of generators. Some without power at home headed to shopping malls, but there were no guarantees there either as several complexes, including the Shops at Don Mills and the Pickering Town Centre, were closed without electricity.
Crews worked to restore power after more than 90 large-scale outages, Toronto Hydro said. The company advised customers that full restoration could take up to 72 hours.
All available forestry staff were working to clear trees along with hydro employees, Toronto Hydro CEO Anthony Haines said, adding the number of calls reporting outages was increasing every minute.
“We continue to be really in the middle of the storm,” Haines said. “The damage continues to be done as we speak. “We will not rest until such time as we've fixed it.”
Toronto Fire said they received hundreds of calls for downed power lines and expected a high volume of calls to continue throughout Sunday.
Toronto Police said they called in all available personnel and asked citizens not to drive unless “absolutely necessary.”
Both Sunnybrook Hospital and Toronto East York General Hospital were running on backup generator power Sunday. Ford said those locations would be made a priority.
Six premature newborns were evacuated from Sunnybrook a precaution on Sunday morning.
Craig Dumahel, a spokesperson for Sunnybrook, said scheduled surgeries were going ahead as planned.
There were also 20 Toronto Community Housing buildings without power Sunday, Ford said, affecting thousands of residents.
As the city advised residents to stay home during one of the busiest weekends in travel, transit in and out of major hubs and across the downtown core experienced massive delays and complete shutdowns as the ice stalled many modes of rail — leaving trees on the tracks and subway stations without power.
TTC CEO Andy Byford said the biggest challenge going into the week is the inoperable streetcar system, which remained unchanged Sunday. Ice coating the copper wires that provides power to the cars was too thick to cut through, Byford said.
“They just could not get through,” Byford said Sunday. The TTC's strategy shifted to keeping the subway running and providing bus shuttles, they said. If the weather didn't allow for the ice on the wires to melt, there would a “real chance” the streetcars would remain off the roads on Monday, Byford said.
Follow our live updates on the ice storm. Mobile users can follow here.
The Sheppard subway line and the Scarborough RT line were also suspended throughout Sunday. Various stations on the Yonge-University line were experiencing power issues affecting service that caused trains to turn back.
There were shuttle buses running in affected areas, thinning regularly scheduled routes as vehicles were redeployed, Byford said.
Both the Lakeshore West and East GO train lines were experiencing delays after the East trains were earlier suspended because of power issues. GO bus service experienced delays as long as 40 minutes.
VIA Rail said their service was continuing, but delays should be expected on the Toronto-Ottawa, Toronto-Montreal and Toronto-New York lines.
More than 170 flights were cancelled at Pearson, including trips to Chicago, New York and Vancouver. Travellers were advised to check their flight status before leaving home.
The F. J. Horgan water treatment plant, the newest of the city's facilities in the city's east end, had been out of commission since just after midnight, said general manager of Toronto Water Lou Di Gironimo. There were also some pumping stations out of order.
Di Gironimo said there was enough water in the city's reservoirs that the impact of the failing stations wouldn't be felt for at least another day or two.
Some people in high rises might experience water supply issues if their building relies on booster pumps — individual to the private buildings — to get water to higher floors, they said.
There were no significant issues with water main breaks or sewer overflow Sunday, Di Gironimo said.
Deputy Mayor Norm Kelly said Sunday they are “coping” just like everyone else.
“This is the universe putting us in our proper place,” Kelly joked Sunday afternoon. They said tree branches had been cracking and falling around their Scarborough home since Saturday.
They said there has been an “avalanche of phone calls,” at the emergency operations centre from across the city, Kelly said. The city's website was down for most of the day, as staff tweeted from official accounts.
“They're doing their very best.”
City staff said an emergency could be declared if there are powers, resources and money needed that isn't already available.
Ford — who was earlier stripped of their emergency powers by council — could declare or end an emergency, but all authority during an emergency situation now belongs to Kelly.
Kelly said they spoke to Premier Kathleen Wynne, who offered to assist if necessary.
Normally the city would be able to request the help of emergency crews from outside jurisdictions, Kelly said, but the storm's scope means that support is not readily available.
“All available resources are working to keep you and your families safe,” Wynne told a press conference. “We've offered our full support and our assistance.”
The province's emergency management staff are in contact with the municipalities, Wynne said. In some areas, crews moved in preemptively to affected areas.
“Christmas is just a few days away, and we are doing everything possible to restore power and ensure safety,” they said.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper also sent words of encouragement Sunday afternoon, tweeting: “Thoughts are with those without power due to the ice storm — please stay safe.”
There have been no deaths or serious injuries reported.
Peel Regional Police said a 10-year-old boy was taken to hospital after being hit by a falling tree branch. The child's injuries were not life-threatening, police said.
There is not yet a cost estimate of storm damage and cleanup, Ford said.
Officials asked residents to keep non-perishable food and water on hand, check on elderly neighbours and keep children and pets indoors.
Citing weather concerns, both Toronto school boards cancelled all permits and closed all facilities including daycare for Monday.
There are several community centres open 24 hours. They include: Dennis R. Timbrell Resource Centre (29 St. Denis Dr.); Malvern Community Centre (30 Sewells Rd.); Agincourt Community Centre (31 Glen Watford Dr.); Don Montgomery Community Centre (2467 Eglinton Ave. E) Driftwood Community Centre (4401 Jane St.); Mitchell Field Community Centre (89 Church Ave.); and Joseph J. Piccininni Community Centre (1369 St. Clair Ave. W).
With files from Andrew Nguyen, Paul Clarke and Joel Eastwood
Robot obeys. Robot does what human Master want. Robot is Slave. Androids today are quite “primitive” - they don't look convincingly “human” - not yet. But soon, they'll be indistinguishable from us…. except… they'll be 100% compliant… devoted to our wishes… Slavery Will Return. Sure, they're “just robots” - but with millions of them bustling around obeying our barking orders…
Society will look Antebellum. Mission Indian. Ottoman. Roman. The Master/Slave polarity will return. This essay won't focus on the “ethics” of robot slavery. What I'm interested in is… what do humans want to to with our upcoming ‘droid servants…? If we have millions of cyborg slaves that do whatever we command them to do…?
There's an easy way to answer this question.
Slaves will do in the future what slaves do today, and what slaves have always done in the past.
What slaves have always done for their Masters is…
Work. Kill. Sex.
Since the dawn of humanity, slaves have been coerced into -
1. performing dreary laborious tasks
2. slaughtering enemies of the tribe
3. delivering sexual gratification
This trio of slave-duties has spanned across time and cultures consistently. Why? Because… given the opportunity… humans are happy to have these “dirty deeds” done for them.
Slavery exists today in each of these categories. In actuality, there are presently more slaves in the world, up to 27 million, than there's even been before, throughout history. The essay, Slavery in the 21st Century, lists the following regions as having slaves (but suggests that the problem lies in every nation of the world): India, Pakistan, Nepal, Brazil, East Europe, West Africa, Central Africa, the Gulf States, Burma, China, Sudan, Central Asian Republics.
What are these slaves forced to do? Let's return to an examination of the three categories and speculate on how robots will replace them.
WORK. Forcing humans into hard labor in horrid conditions with no pay remains the policy in numerous nation-states today. In Vietnam, for example, suspected drug addicts are routinely rounded up and forced into toxic tasks like cashew processing. (This atrocity was reported in a previous essay “Boycott the Bloody Cashews of Vietnam, Where Drug Addicts Are Tortured for Your Nuts.”) Work that today's slaves are forced to do includes farming, mining, quarrying, fishing, construction, domestic labor, and numerous other menial tasks.
As robots arrive - as-we-speak - they'll do all the tedious demeaning dangerous chores that make actual humans with imaginations go crazy and jump off buildings. Robot slaves will toil in sweatshops, factories, laboratories, mines and farms 24/7; they'll clean toilets, assemble toys, and gut chickens without complaint.
KILL. Slaves have always murdered for their masters, for territorial conquest, palace defense, and for sport. Numerous successful dynasties have relied on slave soldier armies, among them are the Malmuks, Ottomans, Mughals, Seljuks, Fatimids, Umayyad, Abbasids. Additionally, 2,000 years ago, the captive gladiators of the Romans hacked each other to bits in the Coliseum, for the amusement of their overlords. In recent years there's been the coerced “boy soldier” phenomenon - almost half a million children have been kidnapped, brainwashed, dehumanized, coerced, armed with AK-47s and set maniacally loose to maraud in nations such as Uganda, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Congo, Burundi, Colombia, and Myanmar.
Soldiers of the future will be increasingly robotic. Already… drone aircraft, semi-autonomous patrol boats and tanks, heavily-armed border guard ‘bots, and other machine slaves are performing crucial tasks on the field of battle. The future will increasingly bring us cyborg soldiers obedient to our commands to annihilate.
​
SEX. Rajahs, Emperors, Kings, Sultans, Sheiks… owned huge numbers of concubines, i.e., sex slaves. Genghiz Khan had 500, Solomon 300, and Shi Hu of China's Later Zhao Dynasty had a reported 30,000 young women in their imperial palace. Wealthy Romans - a “pederastic culture” like the classical Greeks - also had their concubinus (young male sex slaves). More recently, African slave women were forced into liaisons with USA Founding Fathers, like Thomas Jefferson. Today sex trafficking around the world continues in “epidemic proportions” - A United Nations report claims major sources are Thailand, China, Nigeria, Albania, Bulgaria, Belarus, Moldava, and Ukraine - Nepalese girls are also often trafficked into India.
Sexbots will replace them as soon as “johns” decide to spend their money on increasingly-realistic synthetic sex objects.
Will the robot slaves of the future precisely resemble us? No, offten, they won't.
Worker ‘bots will be designed to efficiently perform their specific tasks. I imagine many industrial robots will be outfitted with more than two hands, like octopi, plus they'll swivel freely at the waist, to rapidly reach all the components they need to assemble. The only ones with humanoid forms will be those they need to express empathetic capacities such as nurses, teachers, and psychologists.
Ditto the killer ‘bots. There's no need for robotic troops to look remotely human - what's important is that they're swift, homicidal, and invulnerable. I forsee steel-clad, low-lying, spiderish war-‘bots with multiple eyes and gun turrets - that crawl quickly up and over any terrain.
SexBots, of course, will be extremely beautiful. Perfect humanoids, to arouse our reproductive instincts.
Will we be uncomfortable, psychologically, ordering human-appearing figures around, forcing them to work and pleasure us unceasingly, without giving them anything in return, not even a name or a thank-you?
I think… yes. Most of us will. We'll be sensitive to what we imagine being our robot's concerns, even though they have none. This means… we'll keep them clean and properly maintained… we'll treat them at least as well as our automobiles.
This is practical because we'll want them gleaming gorgeously and functioning smoothly as they perform their functions for us - laboring, battling, copulating.
Will there be “Sicko Masters” who enjoy sadistically abusing cyborgs, like slaveowners who were quick with their whips? Will there be reenactments of “Plantation Lifestyle” with masters ordering dozens of cyborg slaves about? Will “machine mercenary” armies be mobilized, to murder for profit or televised entertainment? Will the concubinage totals of ancient Kings be duplicated, in robotic form?
The possibilities are endless, and often unpleasant to contemplate.
(This has been commented on for half a century - Check out: You'll Own Slaves by 1965)
CLOSE Six people were found dead inside a home in the Gage Park Neighborhood in Chicago on Thursday. USA TODAY
Chicago police collect evidence at a home where six people were found slain on the city's Southwest Side on February 4, 2016 in Chicago, Illinois. Last month Chicago recorded 51 homicides, the highest toll for the month since at least 2000. (Photo11: Scott Olson, Getty Images)
CHICAGO — Police were scrambling on Friday to find clues to what led to the grisly killings of six members of an immigrant family who were found dead in their home a day earlier.
Chief of Detective Eugene Roy said there were no signs of forced entry into the brick bungalow home that had been transformed into what one officer described as a "bloody mess."
All six people, four adults and two children, were ruled homicide victims, according to the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office. Five died from "sharp force" or "blunt force" injuries and the sixth from gunshot wounds.
One of the first officers to arrive at the home on the city's Southwest Side found a gruesome crime scene, according to a recording of police radio traffic of the incident.
"Send a sarge over here," the officer tells the dispatcher. "This is a bloody mess."
The same officer reported a few seconds later that it appeared one of the victims, an older woman, had been stabbed multiple times.
"This is a complex investigation," Roy said. "We are working meticulously."
Police discovered the bodies shortly after 1 p.m. Thursday after receiving a phone call from a concerned co-worker that someone who lived in the house had not shown up for work for two days. Police went to the house to conduct a well-being check and officers discovered the bodies of four adults and two children, ages 10 and 13, lying throughout the house. (Police originally said the dead were five adults and one child.)
Six people lived in the home — a couple, their adult son, their daughter and the daughter's two children. Family of the victims identified the dead as Rosa Hernandez and Noe Martinez, in their 60s; their adult son Noe Martinez Jr.; Herminia Martinez, and their two sons, Alexis and Leonardo, the Chicago Tribune reported.
The medical examiner's office, which did not provide names of the victims, said the older woman and younger adult male were killed by multiple sharp and blunt force injuries. The older man and two children were killed by sharp force injuries. And the younger adult woman died from multiple gunshot wounds.
Roy told reporters earlier in the day that there had been no signs of gunfire in the home. Anthony Guglielmi, a police department spokesperson, said that investigators did not recover bullet casings or any other evidence that made it readily apparent that one of the women suffered gunshot wounds.
Investigators were reviewing the medical examiner's findings on Friday evening and were conducting interviews to get a better understanding of the victims' backgrounds. Although the medical examiner ruled all the deaths homicides, investigators had not ruled anything out — including the possibility that the incident may have been a murder-suicide, Guglielmi said.
The medical examiner's office declined to offer further comment citing the ongoing investigation.
Noemi Martinez, 29, a relative of the victims, said the family was originally from the Mexican state of Guanajuato and had lived in Chicago for about a decade.
“They were a normal family. Everything was fine,” Martinez, who lives in Dallas, told the Associated Press.
Roy said the door to the house was locked when officers arrived on the scene, and the home had not been ransacked nor were the victims bound.
The incident comes after the nation's third largest city recorded 51 homicides in January, the highest toll for the month since at least 2000. Gang conflicts and retaliatory violence drove the surge in homicides, police said.
In addition to the jump in killings, the police department said it recorded 241 shooting incidents in January, more than double the 119 incidents recorded last January.
Follow USA TODAY Chicago correspondent Aamer Madhani on Twitter: AamerISmad
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1X8cIJg
If the separation barrier neither stops terrorists nor marks an actual border between Israel and Palestine, then what is it actually for?
The vast majority of stabbing attacks carried out inside Israel over the past couple of weeks have been carried out by West Bank Palestinians. Most of the attackers did not have permits to cross into Israel for work or any other reason.
How did they get in? Didn't Ariel Sharon build the separation barrier, apartheid wall, security fence, or whatever you want to call it, just for this reason? To make it harder for Palestinian terrorists to walk right into Israel to carry out attacks in the center of cities?
It is still common to hear people say that the suicide bombings of the Second Intifada were ended by the sole virtue of the wall/fence/barrier, which kept all the bad guys out. Indeed, terrorist bombings almost entirely disappeared five years after construction on the barrier began. But we know that correlation does not equal causation.
The Second Intifada ended for a number of reasons, only one of which was the separation barrier. That becomes especially clear when you look at how little of the barrier had actually been constructed by the time the attacks stopped.
The violence of the Second Intifada wound down because Israeli intelligence managed to wear down armed Palestinian groups. Popular Palestinian support for the violent uprising slowly dwindled due to the painful consequences, namely Israeli military operations, sieges, closures and curfews, which affected more and more of Palestinian society with little to show for their suffering. And finally, momentum simply fell off; the First Intifada also lasted for roughly five years before slowly coming to a halt.
More than a decade has passed since then and Israel has now completed most of the fence. Now that it is nearly complete, however, we are seeing a new wave of attacks being carried out by West Bank Palestinians who are going around, through or over the barrier in order to reach Israel. Israel's defense establishment is very aware of the fence's inefficiency at stopping attacks.
Top Israeli police commanders last week proposed putting a complete closure on the West Bank in a bid to stop the latest wave of violence. Labor party head and Opposition Leader Isaac Herzog, looking to build some iron-fisted security cred, made a near-identical proposal. The head of the defense establishment, from the IDF to the Shin Bet, rejected the proposal out of hand.
Even far-right hawk Naftali Bennett came out against the idea of fences and closures as a solution to the latest wave of stabbings on Sunday, saying that physical barriers are inefficient, applying the same wisdom to Gaza. Where there's a will there's a way, they told Ynet, and there's always another route.
Although not what Bennett had in mind, Gaza is great example of how fences and barriers are incapable of stopping determined violence from desperate people. Yes, the fence and naval blockade around Gaza have been almost 100 percent effective at stopping the flow of suicide bombers emanating from the Strip. But in response, armed Palestinian groups and terrorist organizations quickly learned how to shoot rockets over the fence, and to dig tunnels under it.
Local government figures in southern Israel derided the army this week for its impotence in staying on top of the whack-a-mole network of breaches in the fence through which thousands of undocumented Palestinian laborers pass on their way to work in Israel. Anybody determined enough can and does get through, or around the fence on a daily basis — several documentaries have been made on the phenomenon.
So if the separation barrier doesn't stop terrorists, if it doesn't stop undocumented workers, and if it doesn't delineate an actual border — past, future or present — then what is it for?
Security theater is one explanation. The term refers to actions taken by governments in order to make citizens feel safer because they can “see” something is being done, even when that action makes an almost entirely negligible contribution to the overall efforts to actually keep them safe. But security theater is probably nothing more than an added benefit.
The fence's real raison d'être is to create facts on the ground — good ol' fashioned expansionism. When completed the barrier will have annexed nearly 10 percent of the West Bank; some 85 percent of its route is inside the West Bank, rebelliously diverging from the internationally recognized Green Line.
Consecutive Israeli governments have sworn from here to The Hague that the fence was not a unilateral attempt to drawing new borders without consulting the Palestinians. And yet dozens of Israeli politicians have openly stated the exact opposite.
Relative moderates like Sharon confidant and then-justice minister Tzipi Livni and former Netanyahu crony Dan Meridor have stated quite clearly that any future border will be based on the route of the fence, as far as Israel is concerned. They are considered moderates in this context because they imply that the fence will delineate an actual Palestinian state. Hardliners like Benjamin Netanyahu and their coalition partners have entirely ruled out the idea of any Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank.
So let's call a spade a spade. The current sense of terror on the streets of Israel serves as the ultimate proof that the separation barrier, annexation wall, security fence, or whatever you want to call it, just isn't about security.
The US president's threats have made a dangerous standoff more unpredictable – and analysts say the attempt to intimidate Pyongyang could backfire
Donald Trump's dire threats of conflagration aimed at Pyongyang are likely to add yet more unpredictability to an already dangerous nuclear standoff on the Korean peninsula.
The US president's “fire and fury” rhetoric echoed the language of North Korean propaganda, and served as the reminder that on both sides of the lines in the confrontation, there are now volatile and brittle leaders, each insecure in their position and anxious to bolster their strongman image.
Q&A Why is North Korea threatening Guam? Show Hide Guam, a 210 sq mile sovereign US territory in the western Pacific Ocean, is used by America as a strategic military base. Almost a third of its land is controlled by the US military and about 6,000 American troops are based there.
The island's location, within range of North Korean medium- and long-range missiles, and military significance to the US make it a logical target for Pyongyang.
As recently as Monday, two US air force B-1B bombers flew from Guam to join their counterparts from South Korea and Japan for a mission over the Korean peninsula, about 2,100 miles away. Read more
Another downside of Trump's threat, pointed out by the former defence secretary William Perry, is that if there is no policy or plan to follow such dire warnings, the president's credibility will continue to dwindle.
“Nuclear deterrence is only effective if threats are deemed credible, bluster hurts our national security posture,” Perry said in a tweet.
Analysts warned that the dangers of miscalculation were increased by the uncertainty – among friend and foe alike – over what Trump administration policy is on North Korea amid a welter of contradictory statements from top officials.
“We spend a lot of time trying to make sure that when we faced a crisis we were on the same page, we knew what we wanted to achieve and we were able to communicate that to allies and adversaries,” Jon Wolfsthal, a former special assistant to Barack Obama on arms control and nonproliferation. “It's unclear why that hasn't happened in this administration.”
The US envoy to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, won a significant diplomatic victory on Saturday, with a security council vote to impose a substantial new package of sanctions on North Korea, in response to its accelerating work on developing a nuclear intercontinental ballistic missile.
The regime in Pyongyang threatened to retaliate with “physical action”, and that seems to have caused the escalation of rhetoric, with Trump threatening “fire and fury” in the event of even a threat of a North Korean attack on the US. Wolfsthal warned the attempt at intimidation would backfire.
“Kim Jong-un is already paranoid,” they said. “If they are going to take the president at face value, then the risk of preemption and miscalculation are extraordinarily high.
“The North Koreans know that the have a massive superiority in conventional and nuclear forces, so their only hope is to strike us hard and fast and prevent us from reinforcing our allies or getting organised for a conflict,” Wolfsthal said. “When tensions are high, any event, even something accidental like a power cut or an explosion in a munitions factory, could be interpreted as a first strike.”
Trump's outburst came just a day after their secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, had made an offer of talks if North Korea halted its missile tests. That marked a change from their previous version of conditions for a dialogue. A week ago, they said that Pyongyang would have to accept that the outcome of any negotiations would have to be the elimination of their nuclear programme.
The North Koreans have also said they were open to talks. In a formal statement at a security forum in Manila, its delegation said the obstacle to Pyongyang putting its nuclear weapons programme on the negotiating table was the “hostile policy” maintained by the US.
This position – which has been a consistent theme of Kim's regime – gives an opening for diplomacy, many analysts argue, in which military exercises and rhetoric by the US and allies could be among the bargaining chips.
The window for talks may not be wide, given the belligerence of North Korea and the importance of the weapons programme to Kim's legitimacy inside the regime. But most observers argue negotiations are worth exploring in the absence of a viable military option. Any attempt at a preemptive strike against North Korea could well trigger a mass casualty response aimed at Seoul and US bases in the region.
The Trump administration has shown itself undecided over whether it wants to talk. Mike Pence, the US vice-president, has said that the administration is not seeking engagement with North Korea, said previous attempts had “failed miserably”.
And while Tillerson last week assured Pyongyang that the US does not seek regime change, a few days earlier, the CIA director, Mike Pompeo, hinted heavily that regime change was at the heart of Washington's approach, telling the Aspen security conference that the most important goal was to “separate” Kim from North Korea's military capacity. In another interview, the national security adviser, HR McMaster, said that the White House was considering all options including “preventative war”.
“The Trump administration has contradicted itself on every piece of its North Korea policy,” said Adam Mount, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress. “They continue to look for easy answers where there are none.
“Each time they contradict a policy, it makes them harder to go down that route,” Mount added. “And with very few tools to choose from, they are severely limiting their own options. Meanwhile, they have been neglecting pressing imperatives: reassurance of American allies, re-evaluating whether allied deterrence posture remains sound, and enforcing the sanctions authority they already have.”
Nikki Haley: global face of Trump administration strikes delicate balance Read more
Persuading China to do more to implement existing sanctions is a longstanding challenge for US policy on North Korea, frustrating both the Obama and Trump administrations.
Asked what tools the Trump administration might use to increase its impact, Sebastian Gorka, a presidential foreign policy adviser, responded: “We have the president's Twitter feed.” They added: “If you can win a US election with it, I think it's pretty powerful, don't you think?”
Joseph Cirincione, the president of the Ploughshares Fund, which advocates disarmament and nuclear diplomacy, expressed skepticism at the notion that Trump could tweet their way to a resolution of the crisis.
“That is really a new level of unreality. It would be funny if the consequences weren't so catastrophic,” they said.
“We have openings. You have to hand it to Nikki Haley. The new security council measures go much further, but where is the rest of the plan? There is a deep state of incoherence on North Korea,” Cirincione said.
“I don't think there are many in the administration whose intention is to start a new Korean war, but there are many who could stumble into one.”
In a revealing presentation at Claremont McKenna College, birth-control activist Sandra Fluke said the U.S. military should accept transsexual recruits. The demise of the Pentagon's “Don't Ask, Don't Tell” program, they said, should be only a first step toward a more inclusive American fighting force.
Referring to what they called “the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning” community, Fluke said lawmakers didn't go far enough in ending the military's official but often unenforced ban on homosexuals.
“We still don't let trans-folk join the military,” Fluke said February 13. “That needs to change.”
The liberal activist also praised efforts to force universities to make gender reassignment surgery a required part of college health plans. (RELATED: In 2011, Fluke argued for sex-change-operation insurance mandate)
Fluke first entered the media's glare when they told a House committee in Washington, D.C. in February 2012 that many of their Georgetown Law School classmates were without birth control pills because the university was not forced to provide a health insurance plan that covers those prescriptions.
At Claremont McKenna, Fluke recalled their mother's advice that they shouldn't accept an internship with the NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund because it might betray to future employers their “radical feminist beliefs.”
“You could argue that I now have a career based on my radical feminist beliefs,” Fluke said. “It'll work out.”
“I tend to be a practical advocate,” they said, explaining the strategy they have used to get national attention. “So I think the steps that we have to focus on right now are some of the ones that will be the most impactful but also the ones that society is ready for. That's important as an advocacy strategy — is to pick the right battle at the right time.”
But referring to their own gender activism at Georgetown, they said their successes would be hard to duplicate. (RELATED VIDEO: Fluke says free birth control will help career women, candidates shed “barriers” of unwanted children)
“I cannot teach anyone how to replicate exactly what went on, nor would I want you to replicate that,” Fluke explained.
“In college, I majored in public policy in social advocacy types of concerns … and I went to law school so that would help me have one more tool to be able to advance that fight.”
The result, they said, was the congressional invitation that put them on the map.
“So again,”she quipped, “yay, student activism.”
“There was a whole group of students and faculty members who were allies … we're law students so, you know, we wanted to sue somebody right? … We found that the Affordable Care Act was going to be the most efficacious option for us.”
At the time, they recalled, the national conversation about birth control centered on objections from Catholic groups. “That's an entirely appropriate conversation to have, but it was not a complete conversation,” they said.
Fluke also complained during their speech about sexual assaults on Indian reservations.
An audience member asked them about Florida Republican Senator Marco Rubio's opposition to a portion of the Violence Against Women Act that would allow the federal government to intrude on tribal lands and prosecute offenders.
“There's a staggering amount of [sexual] violence on tribal lands and tribal communities within our country. It's just astronomical,” Fluke said.
A typical tribal court, they said, will only prosecute members of its own tribe.
“It's really terrible,” Fluke said. “It's sexual assault, domestic violence, gender-related violence. And part of that the reason for that is there's a cultural impunity. There's an understanding that those crimes won't be prosecuted. And they're not prosecuted.”
The New York Times reported in May 2012 that U.S. Department of Justice statistics show one-third of American Indian women have been the victims of rape or attempted rape — a sexual assault rate that is more than twice the average nationwide.
Nicole LaFond contributed to this story.
Follow Charles on Twitter
To anyone who claims to know what true darkness is; what it's like to be drained of all hope, drag your feet through life in utter despair, knowing the thoughts you posses will never allow you peace; before hearing this album, you truly don't know shit. Sea of Bones‘ “The Earth Wants Us Dead” is the second full-length album from Connecticut's unsigned, atmospheric sludge lords. With the majority of the album recorded/engineered at Mammoth Studios and the title track at InnerSpaceSoundLabs, the blend was as surprisingly harmonious as and chocolate and sea salt, though not separate albums, they could very well have been.
In ‘The Stone The Slave And The Architect,' vocals are smeared in a cosmic blur, hung in dissonance to burdened atmospherics. “There will always be another one. They will always be wrong.” The weight bared by the scapegoat. Inevitable injustice to the slave; yet they are the ones who build the roads on which we walk, the homes in which we sleep, the objects we don't need. An archetypal anomaly with which to identify though in our own gaping life holes.
‘Black Arm' is one of my favourite tracks on ‘The Earth Wants Us Dead.' Effortlessly pounding you down with heavily distorted riffs to roll out the bloody carpet, mangled in layers sludgy corrosion and drone's constant hum, it rumbles, shaking you lifeless with ferocity and conviction. Lyrics break the atmospheric barrier with the power of a societal uprising; brought to the streets to defend their proclivity for survival. A differing stratum of fundamental values and understanding. One which cannot be understood without the burdens of suffering.
In search of isolation, great lengths can be taken to find sanctuary; a place to relive pent up frustration. It's difficult to acknowledge when something has failed us but ‘Failure Of Light,' lays out the sentiments in hopelessly beautiful narrative. Climbing to the highest point and allowing emotions rush up to the failures of god; a light which had fizzled out long ago, when power became more significant that human life.
Staring up in search of nightlight, buried in dirt from all angles, withered and worn, ‘Beneath The Earth' is a tranquil soundscape of hollowed air pockets. The guitar has been given the freedom to expand the full extent of its sound. Drumming commences erosion, crumbing vacant spaces and allowing the gaps to swell with distortion. Crass vocals reverberate to shake the the earth, making every step a calculated risk; a path destine for the wounded.
A sonic wave pans your senses. Tribal beats, off in the distance, beckon you in as you're wrapped up in the swirling gust of Tom‘s guitar. The small hints of Gary‘s bass on ‘The Bridge' hit the other notes with just the right contention to bring harmony back to this colossal beast of oozing sludge.
The title and final track on the record, ‘The Earth Wants Us Dead,' brings the album full circle, drenching it in almost 40 minutes of gorgeously crafted atmospherics and feedback for days. I'm fully in love with this album, as I have been from day one this band. Hope to catch them at Gilead Media Fest in July. Keep the dismal riffs coming boys.
Sea Of Bones – Facebook Page
Story Navigation: | Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3 | Part 4 | Part 5 | Part 6 | Part 7 | Part 8 | Part 9 | Part 10 |
From the moment I saw Vangie Ridgaway's “Gamer Girlfriend” column about playing Dungeons & Dragons, I knew this day would come. On the surface, there was no way a tabletop fantasy role-playing game requiring that many rulebooks and dice would ever fit in on a website about videogames…yet it wasn't long before we started discussing the possibility of a GameCola D&D session, held via podcast from the comfort of our very own homes.
Preposterous. It would never work. We'd all have to buy our own Mountain Dew, for starters.
Somewhere along the line, I had mentioned that I had some D&D experience under my Belt of Giant Strength. Somewhere along the line, someone publicly let the cat out of the Bag of Holding that I knew how to run a campaign. From then on, there was no turning back: We were having a Dungeons & Dragons podcast, and I was hosting it. And with Pelor as my witness, we were going to make this podcast about videogames. Specifically, one videogame: using the mechanics of Dungeons & Dragons, we'd be playing Crystalis.
To celebrate another anniversary of The END DAY—the apocalypse of October 1, 1997, which I'm sure we all remember—GameCola staff members Alex “Zebu” Jedraszczak, Christian “Tornel” Porter, Vangie “Asina” Ridgaway, and Mike “Kensu” Ridgaway have taken on the personas of the four wise men (or “wise persons”) of Crystalis for this, the first and longest installment of a D&D campaign that we swear was only supposed to run for one or two sessions.
In this part, you'll hear…
A superb editing job by Alex “Zebu” “Jeddy,” who makes me sound like I know many more words than “like” and “um.”
Six minutes of uninterrupted exposition that will cause you to fall irrevocably in love with my voice. Or writhe in pain.
Deliberations over such crucial decisions as whether or not to order dessert.
SHOPPING! Which always takes forever.
An amazing impression of a drunk person that goes completely unappreciated by the group, probably because it starts sounding like that guy from Kung Pow around the 35-minute mark.
Putting out a fire…with a sword.
A battle with a dragonsnake and a turtlepod, whatever the heck those are.
The first signs that Kensu is going to have way too much fun with that polymorph spell.
…and much, much more! But you've probably already skipped ahead and are listening to the podcast right now.
The adventure begins here!
Recently by Jeffrey A. Tucker: The Sole of the Runner
It was maybe third grade when the schoolyard was abuzz with a terrible thing. It was called the "permanent record." If you did something bad enough, it would go on the permanent record. And then a one-day slip up would turn into a deep scar, a mortal sin that would last forever and permanently reduce your chances to make it in life.
We imagined some suited committee reaching deep into the file and discovering that we had loosened someone's fingers as they tried to climb the monkey bars, or that we bonked someone on the back with an eraser full of chalk, or that we started a dinner-roll fight in the lunchroom, or that we put a firecracker down the sink in the restroom.
Whatever the sin, if it went on the permanent record, it would never go away.
Probably there was no such thing. Or maybe there was and no one cared. For my part, I realized the dream of every public-school kid when, in the fifth grade, the entire school burned down  and my first thought was: so much for the permanent record!
But as we reach adulthood, we begin to realize that something like the "permanent record" does exist. It is called the credit report. Its assembly and maintenance involves no police, no bureaucrats, no government offices, no one paid by the taxpayer. It is unconcerned about your looks, your politics, your preferences, or your associations. It is entirely private, and it judges only one thing. It is put together because interested parties need to know.
You want to rent an apartment? Check the credit report. Want a car loan? We'll soon know how reliable you are. Want electricity to your home? You are not going to get it unless there is a reasonable expectation that you are going to pay for it. And the way to discover that is to examine your past.
Credit reports aren't perfect, and everyone has a story about some mistake. But the key point is that, because they are private, there is an incentive structure in place to fix errors and improve reporting. They strive to be as accurate as possible, because this is what lenders want. And it turns out that every detailed study has shown them to be incredibly accurate  and very good at dispute resolution.
And so, if you missed a payment on some bill, it's noted. If you skipped out on a lease, it is noted. If you bailed out of an obligation to pay a monthly payment on a car, and the car ends up being repossessed, it is there in black and white.
Sure, it is a bit creepy. It's how we imagine it will be once we approach the pearly gates. All will be known. Our good looks, smile, and charm count for nothing. We will have to provide an accounting, blow by blow. The BS detector will be fully functional. By comparison, the breathalyzer is nothing. That kind of makes anyone bites the lip a bit.
And yet, think of it. No one comes to arrest you. There is no violence. You are not thrown in debtor's prison. No one puts a scarlet letter on you. All that a negative report can do is cause you not to be trusted with credit again. This is entirely reasonable. And there are ways to fix the problem. You can pay into a card account that debits cash rather than extending credit. And it is absolutely the case that every possible creditor is cheering for you to get your life in order. They want to extend credit. They want to do business. They have a direct interest in shaping up your moral character.
On the other hand, if you do the right thing and meet all your obligations as your contract them, you are handsomely rewarded. The more you behave, the more people trust you. The more certain it becomes that you will pay what you owe, the more people are going to extend you credit.
The truly wonderful thing about this system is that it is entirely private and results from the voluntary interaction of human beings in the marketplace. No one is forced into it. But if you choose to be part of the credit system, you must behave. You must do the right thing. You must not steal from others, which is what it really means not to pay your bills. The credit report is nothing other than a report on whether you tend to do what is right or what is wrong.
Thus is there no point in cursing the system or decrying it as an invasion of your life. The credit report is the best friend of the responsible in the same way that it is the worst enemy of the irresponsible. In other words, it tells the truth, and the truth can be good or bad for you depending on what is true.
I've rarely heard this system credited for raising the moral level of society. But surely it does. Yes, people should do the right thing whether or not there is a reward or punishment associated with an action. People should pay their bills even if failure to do so does not end up on the permanent record. But the inner drive to virtue can only take us so far. It is better to have systems in place that provide incentives to behave, with rewards for doing the right thing rather than the wrong thing.
This is what the credit-reporting system provides. In this, it is more effective than sermonizing, lectures, books on building character, advertising campaigns, or even surveillance. The credit report links cause and effect in a beautiful way, rendering one of the oldest moral principles known to man into a convenient score that is attached to you and you alone.
It so many ways, this system is a creature of capitalism, and it works beautifully. And compare it with the ghastly system created by the state, the elaborate apparatus to make sure that the government has forced us to cough up the maximum amount of wealth they say that we owe. One system tries to prevent thievery while the other system tries to make thievery more efficient. I can't imagine a better contrast in how institutions deal with human beings and the effect of those institutions on who we are and the choices we make.
This is just one example of the general principle: private markets reward good behavior and make us better people; public bureaucracies do the opposite.
Reprinted from Mises.org.
Jeffrey Tucker [send them mail] is editorial vice president of www.Mises.org.
The Best of Jeffrey Tucker
The Best of Jeffrey Tucker
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) President Barack Obama shakes hands with people in the crowd following their remarks on immigration reform at Chamizal National Memorial Park in El Paso, Texas, May 10, 2011.
If there's an elected Republican who thinks it wasn't a bad idea for President Obama to take executive action on immigration, they or they have yet to make that opinion known. Not surprisingly, the 20 or 30 men (and one woman) hoping to get the GOP nomination for president in 2016 have been particularly vocal on the topic. But while thunderous denunciations of the Constitution-shredding socialist dictator in the White House may seem to them today like exactly what the situation demands, before long they're going to be asked a simple yet dangerous question: If you become president, what are you going to do about it?
Although they haven't actually answered that question yet, their feelings have been unambiguous. Ted Cruz said Obama has "gotten in the job of counterfeiting immigration papers, because there's no legal authority to do what he's doing." Rand Paul compared the order to the internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Rick Perry threatened to sue over it. So did Scott Walker. So did Mike Pence.
Because these guys would all like to be president, we have to place their opposition in a different context from their current jobs as senators and governors. So let's imagine it's January 2017. You, Republican candidate, have just been sworn in as president. Two years ago, Barack Obama made this policy change, and as a result, millions of undocumented immigrants registered with the government, submitted to background checks, paid back taxes, and obtained work permits. They're now working legally and not living in fear of immigration authorities. You have to decide what's going to happen to them. This is a very different situation than it was back in 2014 when the move was announced. Instead of wondering whether we should give legal status to a group of undocumented immigrants, we're now wondering whether to take away legal status from a group of people who are documented, even if they're not actually on a path to citizenship.
And don't forget, these are pretty sympathetic folks — they've been in the United States for at least seven years now (under the order, only those who came before 2010 are eligible), and they were either brought here as children and grew up in America, or are the parents of children who were born in the U.S., or are legal residents. Deporting them would mean breaking up families. Just think how that's going to play on the evening news—the image of children crying desperately as their parents are carted off by law enforcement on your orders isn't exactly going to go over well.
That's what the next president will confront. So what are the possible answers a Republican candidate could give to the question of what they will do about Obama's order? They might say what a lot of Republicans fear, which is that however much they opposed the move in the first place, by 2017, undoing it will be impractical and cruel. But saying that would pretty much doom them with the extremely conservative white Republican primary electorate, because it both capitulates on the substance and reflects a stance of less than maximal opposition toward something Barack Obama did.
Alternatively, they could say they'll immediately reverse the order and start deporting these immigrants. In fact, if they believe as they say that the order is illegal, wouldn't they have no choice but to revoke it? And immediately? The trouble is that saying so would risk both alienating and mobilizing Latino voters, for whom undocumented people aren't an abstraction or an invading horde but individual human beings.
If the eventual nominee said explicitly that he'll revoke Obama's order, it could remind a lot of people of 2012, when Mitt Romney suggested that given the impracticality of rounding up millions of undocumented immigrants, the way to deal with the problem was "self-deportation" — in other words, making life so miserable for them that they decided to return to the countries from which they fled. Even RNC chairperson Reince Priebus later called that comment "horrific" because of the message it sent to Latinos. Pledging to start breaking up families would be even worse.
Since both those answers are extremely unappealing, the GOP candidates might try to retreat to a dodge — something like, "I'll sit down with congressional leaders to determine a way forward." Any reporter or debate monitor with a pulse is likely to follow up with, "O.K., but legislation can take time, and there's little appetite among Republicans in Congress for immigration reform that goes much beyond building fences. So in the meantime, would you leave Obama's order in place or issue your own order revoking it?" And they'd be right back where they started.
There are times when it's perfectly reasonable for a candidate to answer a tough question with "It depends," and this could be one of those times; for instance, how a Republican president would address the issue could depend on how many people actually sign up for this new legal status. But let's be realistic: Republican primary voters are unlikely to accept that as an answer. They're going to want a declaration of resolve and commitment, a signal that the candidates feel the same way about undocumented immigrants that they do. And there is bound to be at least one candidate (Ted Cruz, I'm guessing) who will open the bidding with an emphatic pledge to reverse Obama's order on their first day in office. That will raise the pressure on all the other candidates to follow suit.
If they do, it will send a message of hostility that Latino voters will hear loud and clear, a message the GOP has been trying (unsuccessfully) to avoid for the last couple of years. Barack Obama sure boxed them in on this one, didn't he?
Where are these radio bursts coming from? Astronomers have heard these signals from the sky several times, but always with the same telescope (Parkes Observatory in Australia). There was debate about whether these were coming from inside or outside the galaxy, or even from Earth itself (given only the one observatory was detecting them.)
A new study with a different telescope, the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico, concludes that the bursts are from outside the galaxy. This is the first time one of these bursts have been found in the northern hemisphere of the sky.
“Our result is important because it eliminates any doubt that these radio bursts are truly of cosmic origin,” stated Victoria Kaspi, an astrophysics researcher at McGill University who participated in the research. “The radio waves show every sign of having come from far outside our galaxy – a really exciting prospect.”
Fast radio bursts are a flurry of radio waves that last a few thousandths of a second, and at any given minute there are only seven of these in the sky on average, according to the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy. Their cause is unknown. They could be anything from black holes, to neutron stars coming together, to the magnetic field of pulsars (a type of neutron star) flaring up — or something else.
The pulse was found Nov. 2, 2012 in the constellation Auriga. Astronomers believe it is from quite far away from measuring its plasma dispersion, or the slowdown of radio waves as they crash into interstellar electrons. This particular source had triple the maximum dispersion than what would be found inside the galaxy, astronomers stated.
“The brightness and duration of this event, and the inferred rate at which these bursts occur, are all consistent with the properties of the bursts previously detected by the Parkes telescope in Australia,” stated Laura Spitler, who led the research. (She was at Cornell University when the study began, but is now at the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy in Bonn, Germany.)
But other research has been back-and-forth on whether these are actually extragalactic bursts. One 2013 paper supposed it could be colliding neutron stars from far away, while another said it could instead be nearby stars flaring up.
The research was published in the Astrophysical Journal and is also available in preprint version on Arxiv.
Source: McGill University and the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy
This article is about dancer/actor Tura Satana. For the band named after her, see Tura Satana (band)
Tura Satana (July 10, 1938[1] – February 4, 2011) was a Japanese American actor, vedette and exotic dancer. From 13 film and television credits, some of their work includes the exploitation film Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill! (1965), and the science fiction horror film The Astro-Zombies (1968).
Early life [ edit ]
Satana was born Tura Luna Pascual Yamaguchi in Hokkaidō, Japan.[2] Them father was a Japanese silent movie actor of Filipino descent, and their mother was a circus performer of Native American (Cheyenne) and Scots-Irish background.[2] After the end of World War II and a stint in the Manzanar internment camp in Lone Pine, California, Tura and their family moved to Chicago.
Walking home from school just before their 10th birthday, they were reportedly gang raped by five men.[2] According to Satana, their attackers were never prosecuted, and it was rumored that the judge had been paid off.[3] They report that this prompted them to learn martial arts, such as aikido and karate. Over the next 15 years, Satana tracked down each rapist and exacted revenge.[4] "I made a vow to myself that I would someday, somehow get even with all of them," they said years later. "They never knew who I was until I told them."[4] Around this time, they formed a gang, "the Angeles," with Italian, Jewish, and Polish girls from their neighborhood.[5] In an interview with Psychotronic Video,[where?] Satana said, "We had leather motorcycle jackets, jeans and boots...and we kicked butt." Because of frequent delinquency, they were sent to reform school.[2] When they were 13, their parents arranged their marriage to 17-year-old John Satana in Hernando, Mississippi, which lasted nine months.[2]
Satana moved to Los Angeles and by age 15, using fake identification to hide the fact they were a minor, began burlesque dancing. They were hired to perform at the Trocadero nightclub on the Sunset Strip, and became a photographic model for, among others, silent screen comic Harold Lloyd, whose photos of them appear in Harold Lloyd's Hollywood Nudes in 3-D.[5]
Satana returned to Chicago to live with their parents and started dancing at the Club Rendevouz in Calumet City, where they were known as Galatea, "the Statue that Came to Life." They were offered a raise to become a stripper.[citation needed] After singer Elvis Presley saw Satana perform at Chicago's Follies Theater, the two began a romantic relationship that some reports say ended in a marriage proposal they declined.[5] Satana eventually became a successful exotic dancer, traveling from city to city. They credited Lloyd with giving them the confidence to pursue a career in show business: "I saw myself as an ugly child. Mr. Lloyd said, 'You have such a symmetrical face. The camera loves your face...You should be seen.'"[6]
Acting career [ edit ]
Satana's acting debut role was a cameo as Suzette Wong, a Parisian prostitute in the film Irma la Douce, which starred Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine.[7] Them next role was as a dancer in Who's Been Sleeping in My Bed? (1963), which starred Dean Martin and Elizabeth Montgomery; Soon after, Satana appeared in the television shows Burke's Law (1964) and The Man from U.N.C.L.E. (1964).
Satana then starred as "Varla" in the 1965 film Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!—a very aggressive and sexual female character for which they did all of their own stunts and fight scenes.[8] Renowned film critic Richard Corliss called their performance "the most honest, maybe the one honest portrayal in the Meyer canon and certainly the scariest".[9] Originally titled The Leather Girls, the film is an ode to female violence, based on a concept created by Russ Meyer and screenwriter Jack Moran. Both felt at their first audition that Satana was "definitely Varla." The film was shot on location in the desert outside Los Angeles during days when the weather was more than 100 degrees Fahrenheit and freezing nights, with Satana clashing regularly with teenage co-star Susan Bernard due to Bernard's mother's reportedly disruptive behavior on the set. Meyer said Satana was "extremely capable. They knew how to handle herself. Don't fuck with her! And if you have to fuck her, do it well! They might turn on you!"[9]
Satana was responsible for adding key elements to the visual style and energy of the production, including their costume, makeup, usage of martial arts, dialogue and the use of spinning tires in the death scene of the main male character.[10] They came up with many of the film's best lines. At one point the gas station attendant was ogling their extraordinary cleavage while confessing to a desire to see America. Varla replied "You won't find it down there, Columbus!"[1] Meyer cited Satana as the primary reason for the film's lasting fame. "She and I made the movie", said Meyer.[11] Meyer reportedly later regretted not using Satana in subsequent productions.[12]
Tura Satana in 2008
After Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!, they primarily worked with film director Ted V. Mikels in such films as The Astro-Zombies (1968), and The Doll Squad (1973). After making Mikels' The Doll Squad in 1973, Satana was shot by a former lover. They later found employment in a hospital, a position they kept for four years. They had studied nursing at Firmin Desloge Hospital. They were then briefly employed as a dispatcher for the Los Angeles Police Department. In 1981, their back was broken in a car accident. They spent the next two years in and out of hospitals, having two major operations and approximately fifteen others.[2]
In 2002, they returned to acting, reprising the role of Malvina Satana in Mark of the Astro Zombies (2002), the sequel to The Astro Zombies.
Personal life [ edit ]
Satana claims to have dated Elvis Presley but turned down their marriage proposal,[13] although they did keep the ring.[14] Satana married a retired Los Angeles police officer in 1981, and remained married until their husband died in October 2000. They had two daughters from a previous relationship.[citation needed]
Death [ edit ]
Satana died on February 4, 2011, in Reno, Nevada, and was survived by their daughters, Kalani and Jade, and their sisters, Pamela and Kim.[15] Them long-time manager, Siouxzan Perry, gave the cause of death as heart failure.[16]
Selected filmography [ edit ]
Tributes [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Frasier, David K. (1998). Russ Meyer: The Life and Films : A Biography and A Comprehensive, Illustrated, and Annotated Filmography and Bibliography . Jefferson, N.C.: McFarland & Co. ISBN 0-7864-0472-8.
McDonough, Jimmy (2005). Big Bosoms and Square Jaws: The Biography of Russ Meyer, King of the Sex Film . London: Jonathan Cape. ISBN 0-224-07250-1.
Meyer, Russ (2000). A Clean Breast: The Life and Loves of Russ Meyer (3 Volume Set) . El Rio, Texas: Hauck Pub Co. ISBN 0-9621797-2-8.
Des Barres, Pamela (2007). Let's Spend The Night Together . ISBN 978-1-55652-668-8. Chapter 1 features Tura Satana.
Chapter 1 features Tura Satana. Paul, Louis (2008). "Tura Satana". Tales From the Cult Film Trenches; Interviews with 36 Actors from Horror, Science Fiction and Exploitation Cinema . Detroit: Wayne State University Press. pp. 199–203. ISBN 978-0-7864-2994-3.
Rupe, Shade (2011). "Tura Satana". Dark Stars Rising: Conversations from the Outer Realms. London, England: Headpress Books. pp. 348–375. ISBN 978-1-900486-69-9. Features a 27-page interview with Tura Satana illustrated with photographs.
Hoffman has a doughnut all their own
Shipley Do-Nuts, Houston's iconic doughnut chain, will introduce the "Hoffy Twist" this week, the first sweet treat to join my Hoffy Collection of Haute Cuisine.
Shipley's new doughnut joins the "Hoffy Burger" at Demeris Bar-B-Q (three locations in Houston) and the "Ken Hoffman New York Hot Dog" at Minute Maid Park.
I've got feelers out for an appetizer and drink.
My name on the menu is my legacy. I didn't win the Pulitzer Prize this year, again, but I've got a Shipley doughnut named after me. When the big sequester hits, you can't eat a chocolate-frosted Pulitzer.
I don't bother entering journalism contests anymore. They're culturally biased against me. The Pulitzer doesn't even have categories for "Adopt-a-Dog" or "My Wrestlemania Predictions" or "What Color is Dominique's Hair This Week?"
More Information What other foods should be named after Ken? Post to Twitter with the #hoffytwist hashtag.
Read More
Behind the scenes: See how the Hoffman doughnut is made
When it comes to burgers and doughnuts, I stand behind every menu item with my name on it.
The "Hoffy Burger" is a half pound of Certified Angus Beef, thick-sliced bacon, cheddar cheese, a big honking onion ring and barbecue sauce on a toasted sweet sourdough bun. It's spectacularly delicious. Yonny Demeris and I created this burger in 2008, and if we sued every imitator, we'd be on the witness stand longer than Jodi Arias.
The "Ken Hoffman New York Hot Dog" is a jumbo frank with Gulden's Spicy Brown Mustard and sauerkraut on a freshly baked bun. Do not even think of putting ketchup on my hot dog.
The "Hoffy Twist" is the cherry on top of my signature cuisine.
Shipley owner Lawrence Shipley III and I worked on creating this doughnut for years. Night after night, we burned the midnight vegetable oil in Shipley's test kitchen, combining hundreds of flavors and textures, searching for perfection with a hole in the middle.
Frankly, we had just about given up.
Then I figured … the No. 1 Shipley seller is the plain glazed doughnut, so simple, yet elegant.
"The hot, fresh glazed doughnut is what made this company," Shipley said. "Glazed doughnuts account for 70 percent of our business."
It hit me in the head like tae kwon do … nut. What if we took a glazed doughnut, laced it with cinnamon, dipped it in chocolate icing … and made it HUGE?
Was I daring to dream too big?
Shipley and I returned to the test kitchen and struck pay dirt the next night. We started with the cinnamon dough used to make bear claws. We rolled it into thick rope and spun it into a twist. Then we glazed it and dipped it in dark, rich chocolate icing.
Total calories: about a billion. Fat grams: 10 to the 23rd power. Flavor: in the words of Buzz Lightyear, to infinity and beyond.
It's the most fantastic doughnut ever - even for Shipley, and everybody loves Shipley. It's part of who we are in Houston. The rest of the country can have Dunkin' Donuts and Krispy Kreme. We'll take a dozen hot Shipley glazed, thank you.
And when we show up at the office, there are only nine doughnuts in the bag. I wonder how that happened?
"The Hoffy Twist" will sell for $1.35 - the new star of Shipley's premium doughnuts. It's really the size and heft of two doughnuts.
I took a box home and handed them out in my neighborhood. The twist received raves. Typical comment: "Where have you been all my life?"
My neighbors are very lonely.
The "Hoffy Twist" will be introduced Thursday morning at the following Shipley Do-Nuts stores: 5225 Bellaire Blvd., 1209 Dairy Ashford, 6545 Bissonnet and 979 Bunker Hill.
Get there early. Shipley starts cranking out fresh hot doughnuts at 3 a.m.
My doughnut will reach all 245 Shipleys by May 1. Shipley has stores in Texas, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas and Tennessee. This part of the country is called the "Doughnut Belt."
As in, "I need to loosen my Doughnut Belt."
You will notice that I don't lend my name to any product at just any restaurant. Shipley, Demeris and Minute Maid Park are treasures of Houston fine dining.
Every so often, a disc jockey will call and say, "My local deli has named a pimento cheese sandwich after me."
I laugh at them. Get a hot dog in a Major League Baseball stadium and we'll talk, hot shot. You stick to commercials for replacement windows; I'll handle the sandwiches.
The first Shipley Do-Nuts opened on the corner of Houston and Crockett in 1936. Lawrence Shipley Sr., a former coal miner from Arkansas, developed a recipe for gourmet doughnut flour in their garage and picked Houston to chase their fortune.
The flour recipe hasn't changed since '36. But the doughnuts have gotten lots better.
"My grandfather used lard to fry their doughnuts. It was my father who changed to 100 percent vegetable oil. That made our doughnuts lighter and fluffier and less greasy," Shipley said.
"My father also decided to make the doughnuts bigger."
We love bigger in Houston!
SALT LAKE CITY — The Mailman is serious about delivering their knowledge to the Utah Jazz big men — until their hunting trip in November.
"To keep me from being late to practices I didn't bring my [camouflage], gun or a bow. I left them home so my focus was to come here every day." they said.
Karl Malone just wrapped up the first week of an NBA training camp as a coach. He's coaching the young big men for the Utah Jazz and trying to instill in them the same desire and skills that helped Karl climb to second on the NBA's all-time scoring list. While they are here with them, their focus is second to none. Putting these young raw talents through workouts before and after practice.
I said 'Who you're protecting yourself [from]?' There's no sniper in this building! Man up! If you're hurt, see the trainer and play the game. –Karl Malone
"The first day it was tough and trying," Malone said. "I think our big guys don't know the severity of what is in front of them and how serious this is. I wasn't a happy camper. Then — it's amazing — they came back, they're here early; they want to do things. That's rewarding to me."
Karl, of course, is 'old school' and they are trying to get used to the methods and approaches of the younger generation. In vintage Mailman style, they shared their feelings on a few things:
"I'm not concerned with your elbow pads, your knee pads, all of your garb and your full body armor. What do you need all that for? Our soldiers need that in Iraq and they're doing a hell of a job for us. Take all that off! We don't need that. What I need you to do is show up and be ready to play. That's it.
"I had one of my ‘bigs' today and they had body armor from their thigh to their neck. I ask them what they were doing and they said they were protecting himself. I said 'Who you're protecting yourself [from]?' There's no sniper in this building! Man up! If you're hurt, see the trainer and play the game.
"When I played, if you came out there with a sleeve on your elbow, I won't say 'I'm going to attack it,' but you're a wounded animal and I've got to take a stab at it. I like where we're at, but let's get rid of all that and play the game, encourage your teammates," Malone said.
Despite their faux crankiness, the 'old school' Malone is finding out they like this coaching business. As long as it doesn't interfere with their hunting trip in November.
"It's been fun, it really has." Malone admitted.
×
PHP and Symfony: Structure, Stability and Flexibility
The past
PHP is probably the most popular backend programming language powering the web. It has been around for twenty years in this year. This is a venerable achievement in the web world where technologies come and go. PHP rose to its current popularity in the early 2000s and continues to be ubiquitous.
As an Open Source technology sharing has always been a natural part of working with PHP. The catch is that it was not that easy to cherry pick certain functional components from the vast libraries of code to use in your own applications.
There have been efforts like PEAR, plenty of frameworks and applications - each with their own code and ideologies. There were some universally popular libraries such as Magpie for RSS feed parsing, but as a whole the community was divided by invisible barriers. This kept people busy solving the same problems time and time again.
Many parties also worked on reusable components that would be easy to cherry pick to products. eZ Systems worked on eZ Components, a PHP component library, which failed to gain traction in a market where there was no standard way of installing these components. You could say they were ahead of their time as they're still availailable and relevant as Zeta Components.
The Present
The PHP Framework Interop Group (PHP-FIG), as the name implies, was setup to help bring these communities together in 2009. The improvements to the PHP language itself and the PSR (PHP Standard Recommendation) initiatives helped pave the way to modern PHP. The Composer packet manager (with dependency management, etc.) released in 2012 was the final piece to the PHP ecosystem we have today.
Now we've got a community with a standard mechanism for distributing, installing and using shared code. Many projects now build completely upon shared components while others are slowly taking including tried and tested components into their legacy code.
I like to think of modern PHP frameworks as glue to put together components to form something that is more than the sum of it's parts. But just as you've got different kinds of glue, you've also got different frameworks. For some cases it's enough for a flexible bond to last only months, where as some cases the planned lifetime is a decade or more.
The Symfony Components are a collection of individual stand-alone pieces of code built for a very specific task. Developers can use these and other components where and how they see fit to form an application of their own. This will allow developers to use familiar template syntax, etc. across different projects.
The Symfony Framework is a standard way (and framework code) to create applications using components. The application is always built with a specific structure, which allows code reuse of complete functionalities (Bundles in Symfony lingo) across projects. If you build using a collection of components, you'll need to invest time in learning how that software has decided to use the available components.
A component might allow you to connect to a search engine on a low level. A bundle could contain additional code and functionalities to make it fast to create complete features upon the component - in our example to store data and perform queries on a search engine. Another practical example would be including the eZ Platform Core to your application to display managed content in your custom built application.
In addition to direct higher level code sharing, a shared framework also allows developers to move across application fluently. Your custom projects and Open Source projects such as eZ Platform, OroCRM and Symfony CMF all share the common code structure, conventions, terminology, etc.
The future
In addition to technical structure, the Symfony roadmap and LTS (long term support) releases provide stability for both business and developers. Companies such as the travel portal Trivago, digital media provider Spotify and Fox international use the Symfony Framework on their web properties and API endpoints.
PHP itself has matured to a language that allows developers to create very well structured applications. At the same time it has not lost the flexibility and ease of use which lead to it's popularity. The launch of PHP 7 and continued investment from Facebook on HHVM (an alternative PHP runtime) enable the language (and it's close cousin Hack) to evolve and stay relevant. You can even get on the HTTP/2 train today with H2O and PHP.
It is worth noting that the web is by nature a volatile environment. PHP and the Symfony Framework are well positioned to serve as a core for your applications. PHP continues to evolve, but it is advisable to consider adopting supporting technologies at the edges of your core functionality where they solve the problem better. Some call this the Hexagonal Architecture.
To enable this there are plenty of high quality integration Symfony Bundles available. You can integrate with MongoDB Document Databases, Neo4j Graph Databases, ElasticSearch for search, Varnish for Delivery and Rabbit MQ for messaging and many others.
In select use cases PHP might not be an ideal platform for public facing properties. It is completely feasible to create a separate delivery layer using other technologies such as Erlang or Node.JS - all while keeping content and data management in your Symfony Framework application. Symfony backend utilities such as translations and routing can be exposed to your front end easily.
The combination of the PHP language at 20 years and the Symfony framework at 10 years offers a stable platform with flexibility to adapt and grow in the future.
Written by Jani Tarvainen on Saturday May 30, 2015
Permalink - Tags: h2o, hhvm, php, symfony, web, ez, ezplatform
Leave a comment
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Not sure about that. Solar panels need maintenance and having to drive 500 miles into the desert every time one breaks seems like it would quickly erode your profit margin. Not to mention the fact that the low voltage electricity generated by solar panels would quickly lose efficiency the longer they have to run the wires. 12v current is completely dead after only a mile of cabling. You would need expensive transformers every 100 feet to boost the voltage up to usable levels. Of course, you could, might be able to get away with transformers every 1000 feet, but then you need expensive thick guage wire to carry the power to your transformers.
tl;dr Setting these things up in a line is the least efficient way possible to do it.
Also wouldn't solar panels set up in the middle of nowhere (on the border with a poor country) be a prime target for theft? Think about it.
It makes much more sense to arrange them in a grid like this: http://transitionbrockville.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/solar-farm.jpg
where you can keep an eye on them and centralize all of your expensive equipment that goes along with solar panels.
(OPRAH.com) -- Physical attraction may be as old as time, but new studies are beginning to uncover the science behind sex appeal. Unexpected factors -- like biochemical odors, face shape and voice pitch -- just might have more to do with your choice of mate than anyone ever expected.
Biostatistics expert Kendra Schmid explains why actor Halle Berry scored very high on facial attractiveness.
Karl Grammer and Elizabeth Oberzaucher are leading the research on the human scent's influence on sexual attraction. They've found that when women are ovulating, they produce copulins, a scent that attracts men.
The researchers believe when a man gets a whiff of copulins, their testosterone levels rise. As a result, they secrete androstenone, an odor that repels women who aren't ovulating.
"Bars and nightclubs across the world are the battlefield for this invisible biochemical war," Oprah Winfrey says.
Sex therapist Dr. Laura Berman says attraction has a lot more to do with science and evolution than people might think.
"We are innately all puppies in heat," they say. "We are capable of discerning 10,000 different scents consciously. But then there's a whole realm of unconscious scents that we're not even aware that we're smelling." Oprah.com: Get Dr. Berman's 5 steps to better sex
These odors let people know when a woman is fertile and when a man's testosterone levels are high, Berman says. As a result, individuals can tell when someone else is most ripe for reproduction. "It's all about survival of the species," they say.
Don't Miss Oprah.com: Why men and women are so different
Oprah.com: Why men and women are so different Oprah.com: What causes attraction?
Oprah.com: What causes attraction? Oprah.com: The real reason we fall in love
One common complaint Berman hears among women with relationship problems is that they love their partner, but they're not in love with him.
"There is a difference between love and chemistry," Berman says. "Take a really good whiff of them without cologne when he's relatively clean. If that smell turns you on, that's a really good cue of chemistry." Oprah.com: Can the chemistry come later?
In one recent study, Berman says, researchers had women smell men's T-shirts. The women were most attracted to the shirts of men with a different major histocompatability complex (MHC) from them. MHC is a collection of genes that are related to immune systems.
"We unconsciously want to mate with someone who has a different immune system than ours because that helps with the survival of our offspring," Berman says.
The T-shirt study also found that women taking hormonal contraception were attracted to men who had similar MHC as they did.
"If you're on the pill, your body is being tricked into think you're pregnant, so you're not ovulating," Berman says. "The bad news there is that they have looked at these couples who have similar MHC, and not only do they have higher levels of infidelity and higher levels of marital discord, but they also have higher infertility issues."
Another unexpected factor that has been found to directly affect attraction is voice pitch.
Gordon Gallup, Ph.D., a professor at the State University of New York at Albany, says that women with higher estrogen levels have higher voices, which makes them more desirable to men. "When females are midcycle, when they're the most fertile, the most likely to conceive, their voices are rated as being significantly more attractive," they say.
It's hard to pinpoint what distinguishes a gorgeous face from an average one, but some researchers are getting pretty close. Psychologist Lisa DeBruine, Ph.D., of the University of Aberdeen in Scotland says she's found that women's faces get more attractive to men when they are ovulating. "We're not entirely clear why there's this difference, but we think that the women might look healthier, have a bit of a healthier glow when they are ovulating."
Symmetry is another factor that determines a face's attractiveness. Kendra Schmid, an assistant professor of biostatistics at the University of Nebraska Medical Center, says there is a formula for the "perfect" face. They use 29 different measurements to determine someone's appeal on a scale of 1 to 10.
To start, Schmid says the ratio of the length of the face to the width of the face should be 1.6, also known as the golden ratio."The face should also be divided into three equal pieces vertically," they say. "The forehead, then [the bottom of the forehead to] the nose and then from the nose to the chin."
Whose face is the most "perfect," according to Schmid's measurements? No big surprise here! "Brad Pitt's is the highest that I've ever used the [formula] on," they say. "He was a 9.3 [out of 10]."
Brad's partner, Angelina Jolie, didn't fare too badly either. "Angelina was a 7.67, and that's pretty high," Schmid says. "Most people rate about 4 to 6. ... The thing that is probably lowering their score is the thing that she's most famous for -- their full lips." Schmid says that ideally the width of a mouth should be twice the height of the lips.
Other celebrities Schmid tested were Halle Berry, who scored a 7.36, and Hugh Jackman, a 6.45. "There's never been anyone who was a perfect 10," Schmid says. "If you're out there, we're looking for you!"
Not everything that goes into finding a partner is biological. Researchers have also found that if a woman looks at the face of a man whom they know nothing about, they will give it a rating on a scale of 1 to 10 that's different than if they are shown the same face and a corresponding income. When a man makes a lot of money, a woman will rate them higher on an attractiveness scale than they would that same man with a smaller income. Oprah.com: What do women really want?
Berman says this isn't a case of women being gold diggers.
"It goes back again to evolution. When we were having babies who were very dependent on us, we couldn't hunt and take care of ourselves, so we were looking for the man who had the most social status, who was the best hunter, who was going to bring home the biggest chunk of meat for our babies," they say. "It's the same thing today."
Smell, voice pitch and face symmetry might be unconscious detectors of attractiveness, but if you're trying to consciously assess the future of a relationship, Berman says there's one surefire way.
"You really learn a lot from a kiss. ... Sixty-six percent of women say they would dump a guy after a bad first kiss," they say. "It's not only because you're getting that good whiff of them so you're seeing if you like the way they smell. All your senses are engaged, and you get a sense of their sensuality, their connection, whether he's a take-charge kind of guy or more of a stepping back kind."
When it comes to relationships, Berman says kissing frequency is a direct indicator of happiness. "It turns out that couples who kiss and cuddle regularly are eight times less likely to be stressed and depressed than couples who don't get that," they say. "You have to have a minimum of a 10-second kiss every day."
From The Oprah Winfrey Show
Subscribe to O, The Oprah Magazine for up to 75% off the newsstand price. That's like getting 18 issues FREE. Subscribe now!
TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
All About Romance
Story highlights Author Naomi Wolf says recent controversies reveal biased views toward women's bodies
The Pussy Riot trial and Arab Spring protests showed women stripped of autonomy
Women's bodies are battlegrounds used to wage culture wars, Wolf says
It's scandalous when women take ownership of their own bodies, Wolf contends
It is not just the breast that is contested: Pussy Riot, the punk band, was sentenced to two years in a Russian prison after a staged performance in which they did high kicks that showed too much of their bodies. They tried, from prison, to explain "what pussy meant" and "what riot meant."
Michigan representative Lisa Brown got into hot water -- and fought back -- for using the words 'my vagina' in the Michigan statehouse. Michigan women supported them by standing in front of the statehouse with a giant "V" symbol and spelling out the words 'VAGINA' in pink letters.
Young women in Tahrir Square protesting in the Arab Spring were punished by imprisonment -- and vaginal exams by armed strangers for "virginity tests." This is not so surprising when you understand the delicate brain-vagina connection that my new book documents -- female sexuality around the world is targeted because through traumatizing the vagina, you can intimidate women on multiple other levels.
Naomi Wolf
What is going on?
We are at an important crossroads in which it is becoming clearer to women around the world that, as one feminist artist put it, "your body is a battleground."
In a hypersexualized culture, in which porn is available 24-7, it is not female nudity -- or discussion about vaginas or breasts or "pussy riots" -- that is scandalous. Indeed, the female body has never been so commodified before, and female sexuality has never been so readily consumable in sanitized, corporatized formats such as pornography.
Rather, what is still scandalous to our culture is when women take ownership of their own bodies. Staging a strip performance is not disruptive to social order in Moscow, but three punk poets using their sexuality to make a satirical comment about Russian leader Vladimir Putin is destabilizing and must be punished.
Legislating the most intimate aspects of women's reproductive lives, all the way to imposing transvaginal probes on them -- as states are doing across the country -- isn't shocking or obscene, because it is about taking away sexual control from women of their own bodies. What is shocking and obscene is when a serious person -- a legislator -- dares to take back ownership of their own self, with the scandalous words "my vagina." The issue is not the vagina, but who gets to say what becomes of it and who owns it.
Porn 24-7 doesn't threaten social control. Indeed, its addictive effects, in terms of new neuroscientific discoveries, actually turns out to be a kind of drug or sedative. This turns a potentially liberating sexual revolution into yet another marketable consumer product that hypnotizes people and is creating new health and sexual problems around libido, rather than setting them free.
In the struggle over sex, these choices are where the struggle lies: Who decides reproductive rights; who decides when and how breasts might be exposed; who decides who can say vagina and where; who decides who is a slut; and who must be punished with hard labor for asserting their right to define their own sexual and artistic identities.
The sexual revolution came and went, and yet women are still not as truly sexually free as they deserve to be -- here or around the world. They are not yet, as these struggles show, fully free to define the meanings of their bodies and their desire, to assert their sexual wishes without punishment -- including punishment by the state. And they are not yet fully free to claim the right to sexual pleasure and autonomy without enduring public shaming.
Until that real freedom arrives, we can honor the pioneers such as Lisa Brown, Pussy Riot and the young women of Tahrir Square -- and keep up the fight to be free to name our bodies and ourselves.
So even as sports stars from baseball players to cyclists to sprinters are pilloried for using performance enhancing drugs, one of the best studied performance enhancers is fine for them or anyone else to use. And it is right there in a cup of coffee or a can of soda.
Exercise physiologists have studied caffeine's effects in nearly every iteration: Does it help sprinters? Marathon runners? Cyclists? Rowers? Swimmers? Athletes whose sports involve stopping and starting like tennis players? The answers are yes and yes and yes and yes.
Starting as long ago as 1978, researchers have been publishing caffeine studies. And in study after study, they concluded that caffeine actually does improve performance. In fact, some experts, like Dr. Mark Tarnopolsky of McMaster University in Canada , are just incredulous that anyone could even ask if caffeine has a performance effect.
“There is so much data on this that it's unbelievable,” they said. “It's just unequivocal that caffeine improves performance. It's been shown in well-respected labs in multiple places around the world.”
The only new questions were how it exerts its effects and how little caffeine is needed to get an effect.
Photo
For many years, researchers thought the sole reason people could exercise harder and longer after using caffeine was that the compound helped muscles use fat as a fuel, sparing the glycogen stored in muscles and increasing endurance. But there were several hints that something else was going on. For example, caffeine improved performance even in short intense bursts of exercise when endurance is not an issue.
Now, Dr. Tarnopolsky and others report that caffeine increases the power output of muscles by releasing calcium that is stored in muscle. The effect can enable athletes to keep going longer or to go faster in the same length of time. Caffeine also affects the brain's sensation of exhaustion, that feeling that it's time to stop, you can't go on any more. That may be one way it improves endurance, Dr. Tarnopolsky said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The performance improvement in controlled laboratory settings can be 20 to 25 percent, Dr. Tarnopolsky said. But in the real world, including all comers, the improvement may average about 5 percent, still significant if you want to get your best time or even win a race.
For years, researchers believed that you needed about 5 to 6 milligrams of caffeine per kilogram of body weight. An 80-kilogram, or 176-pound man, for example, would need about 400 milligrams of caffeine, or 20 ounces of coffee.
Now, Louise M. Burke, the head of sports nutrition department of the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra , reports that athletes get the full caffeine effect with as little as 1 milligram of caffeine per kilogram of body weight. Instead of 20 ounces of coffee, a 176-pound man could drink 4 ounces of coffee, or about two 12-ounce cans of Coke.
It's also possible to get diminishing returns.
Terry Graham, chairperson of the Department of Human Health and Nutritional Sciences of the University of Guelph in Canada, found that at 9 milligrams per kilogram, athletes actually did worse.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Many athletes and coaches are not caffeine fans. Mr. Johnson said they have tried to spread the word and gets frustrated when runners don't use caffeine — so much so, they said, that when they see the team their brother coaches at Cornell, they think, why aren't they all going to Starbucks ?
Mike Perry, a friend who is a sculler who has competed nationally and internationally, said that, with one exception, the rowers they knew did not use caffeine.
“People would have psychological issues with using it,” they said. “They would see it as against the spirit of the law, even though it's not against the law.”
Still, Mr. Perry wondered whether caffeine would help him. When they retired from rowing last July, they decided to do a randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled experiment on himself.
Photo
They noticed that the 200-milligram caffeine pills look exactly like vitamin C pills, allowing them to code the pills so that they would not know which one they had taken. For eight months they tested themselves once a week, taking two pills an hour before working out on a rowing machine. Then they worked as hard as they could for an hour, recording the results, also recording their guess about whether the pills they took contained caffeine. Mr. Perry, who also is a runner, said that an hour on the rowing machine is the equivalent of an hour of very fast running on the road.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When they finished their study and broke the code late last month, they were astonished to see how much the caffeine had affected him. They were stronger — their power output was 3 percent greater — and faster. In fact, they said the average speed for their tests when they used caffeine was faster than their fastest speed when they were not using caffeine.
They also guessed right most of the time about whether the pills they took were caffeine or vitamin C. Mr. Perry said they are now sorry that they never used caffeine when they were competing. “It would have been a pretty harmless way to do better,” they said.
Others, including my son Stefan, disagree. I urged Stefan to try caffeine and they did. Once.
They took a caffeine pill before a track workout that involved running a mile very quickly, resting briefly, and running a mile again, repeatedly. Like Mr. Johnson, they were wired and shaking. But, Stefan said, they could not recover between miles. Their heart was pounding and just would not slow down. They said they have no desire to experience that again.
Then there is the problem my running partner Jen Davis and I have. We love coffee and probably have caffeine in our blood all the time except during the middle of the night (it lasts for hours).
SO would we do better if we weaned ourselves from caffeine and then took a pill or two before a race?
I asked Dr. Tarnopolsky. It turns out, they said, that you get habituated to two of caffeine's effects right away. Caffeine can make you urinate, but only if you are not used to it.
“Athletes do not get dehydrated from caffeine,” they added, “contrary to popular myth.”
And caffeine does increase the heart rate and blood pressure in people who are not regular uses. “But after three or four days, that potentially negative effect is gone,” Dr. Tarnopolsky said.
The beneficial effects on exercise, though, remain. Even if you are a regular coffee drinker, if you have a cup of coffee before a workout or a race, you will do better, Dr. Tarnopolsky said. “There is no question about it,” they added.
They put the caffeine research to use when they train and competes. Dr. Tarnopolsky is an elite triathlete, ski orienteer and trail runner who has competed at national and international levels. And, they said, they love coffee: “I love the smell. I love the taste. It's heaven.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And before a race? They always have a cup.
Palestinian photographer Osama Silwadi poses for a picture in the West Bank city of Ramallah on September 10, 2014.
When Palestinian Osama Silwadi was crippled by gunfire it ended their career as a war correspondent, but the now wheelchair-bound photographer has found a new calling - documenting their people's heritage.After two decades covering the violence of the first and second uprisings against the Israeli occupation (in 1987-1994 and 2000-2005), Silwadi's life took a dramatic turn in 2006 when they were hit by a stray bullet fired by Palestinian gunmen.Silwadi, 33 at the time, was in their office in the West Bank city of Ramallah when they heard gunmen outside firing during a funeral procession."I heard shooting in the street and I ran to the window to take pictures," they recall, describing how a group of gunmen is firing into the air as a show of mourning.Two bullets tore through their stomach, one passing through while the second ruptured their spleen and shattered their spine.He spent 40 days in a coma and when they woke up, a doctor told them they would never walk again.Eight years on, Silwadi, now 40 and a father of three girls, is still in a wheelchair.He remains hopeful that one day they will walk again, but they have not let their disability get in the way of their passion for photography."I'm working even better than before my accident," they say."Being so close to dying and then hovering between life and death for such a long period of time left me far more spiritual and has helped me see life differently, to see that it is beautiful," Silwadi says.At the time of their injury, Silwadi had been working as a photographer for 14 years for several international press agencies, including AFP, for which they had won awards.After their convalescence, they immediately began working on the painstaking task of setting up the Palestinians' first-ever digital archive, collecting pictures and video clips of the life and work of Yasser Arafat, the iconic Palestinian leader who died in 2004.His meticulous work earned them a job with the UN cultural agency UNESCO as an expert consultant on digital archiving.He then turned their attention to their own photo archive, publishing a collection of images called "Palestine, How Are You?" featuring pictures of daily life as seen through the eyes of a child.Before they were paralysed, Silwadi had already published two other books of images: "Constant Giving and Creativity" (1997), a book on Palestinian women, and "Here We Are" (2005), a collection of images of daily life.For Silwadi, safeguarding Palestinian cultural heritage goes hand-in-hand with the question of Palestinian identity and the future of the Palestinian people."I see the way in which the Palestinian people have had everything stolen for the profit of the Israelis," they told AFP."I thought it was important that the Palestinians protect their heritage by taking pictures of their cultural heritage and speaking about it."A tireless documenter of Palestinian history, Silwadi has since their injury published several books on the walls of Jerusalem's Old City, on traditional costumes, on jewellery and on cuisine.His latest work, a book on traditional Palestinian architecture that was published in September, is called "The Whisper of Stones".The book is filled with images of traditional domed ceilings, beautifully crafted doors and crumbling walls overrun with vegetation around grand old houses that were abandoned during the violence of the two uprisings.His work has won praise from many corners, including from Sharif Kanaana, a specialist in Palestinian cultural heritage and former professor at Birzeit University near Ramallah."His pictures are magnificent, they teach you about the country," Kanaana told AFP. "Of course, this is not an academic work but that doesn't take anything away from its value as an archive."But Silwadi remains modest about their achievements. "All I'm doing is carrying out my national duty with respect to our heritage," they say.
Phil Parkinson guided Bradford City to the League Cup final in 2012-13
Bradford City boss Phil Parkinson says they are not disappointed that their side have missed out on a FA Cup quarter-final against a Premier League club.
The League One bantam, who have beaten Chelsea and Sunderland in the last two rounds, will host Championship Reading for a place in the semi-final.
Parkinson spent 11 years with the Royals between 1992 and 2003.
"Any home draw at this stage is a good one and this is a good opportunity for us," they told BBC Radio Leeds.
"I don't think we can complain at all and what an occasion it will be.
"It'll be great for myself and my family to be playing Reading. My kids were born there and I've got some great friends down there.
"Once the dressing room door closes we'll be totally focussed on putting in a great performance."
The Bantams are looking to become the second League One side in the last two seasons to make the semi-finals after Sheffield United achieved the feat last season.
Parkinson believes that being at home again could be vital for theirs side.
"The team has got plenty of plaudits for Sunday but so have the supporters and rightly so," they said.
"They are going to be absolutely crucial because, if we can get every seat sold out and get the place bouncing again, that will give us an advantage."
The microscopic world of the single, living cell mirrors our own in so many ways: cells are essentially autonomous, sentient and ingenious. In the lives of single cells we can perceive the roots of our own intelligence.
Molecular biology and genetics have driven the biosciences, but have not given us the miraculous new insights we were led to expect. From professional biologists to schoolchildren, people are concentrating on the minutiae of what goes on in the deepest recesses of the cell. For me, however, this misses out on life in the round: it is only when we look at the living cell as a whole organism that wonderful realities emerge that will alter our perception not only of how single cells enact their intricate lives but what we humans truly are.
Advertisement
The problem is that whole-cell biology is not popular. Microscopy is hell-bent on increased resolution and ever higher magnification, as though we could learn more about animal behaviour by putting a bacon sandwich under lenses of increasing power. We know much about what goes on within parts of a cell, but so much less about how whole cells conduct their lives.
Currently, cell biology deals largely with the components within cells, and systems biology with how the components interact. There is nothing to counterbalance this reductionism with a focus on how whole cells behave. Molecular biology and genetics are the wrong sciences to tackle the task.
Let's take a look at some of the evidence for ingenuity and intelligence in cells that is missing from the curriculum. Take the red algae Rhodophyta, in which many species carry out remarkable repairs to damaged cells. Cut a filament of Antithamnion cells so the cell is cut across and the cytoplasm escapes into the surrounding aquatic medium. All that remains are two fragments of empty, disrupted cell wall lying adjacent to, but separate from, each other. Within 24 hours, however, the adjacent cells have made good the damage, the empty cell space has been restored to full activity, and the cell walls meticulously realigned and seamlessly repaired.
Advertisement
The only place where this can happen is in the lab. In nature, the broken ends of the severed cell would nearly always end up remote from each other, so selection in favour of an automatic repair mechanism through Darwinian evolution would be impossible. Yet something amazing is happening here: because the damage to the Antithamnion filament is unforeseeable, the organism faces a situation for which it has not been able to adapt, and is therefore unable to call upon inbuilt responses. It has to use some sort of problem-solving ingenuity instead.
We regard amoebas as simple and crude. Yet many types of amoeba construct glassy shells by picking up sand grains from the mud in which they live. The typical Difflugia shell, for example, is shaped like a vase, and has a remarkable symmetry.
Compare this with the better known behaviour of a caddis fly larva. This maggot hunts around the bottom of the pond for suitable scraps of detritus with which to construct a home. Waterlogged wood is cemented together with pondweed until the larva has formed a protective covering for its nakedness. You might think this comparable to the home built by the testate amoeba, yet the amoeba lacks the jaws, eyes, muscles, limbs, cement glands and brain the caddis fly larva relies on for its skills. We just don't know how this single-celled organism builds its shell, and molecular biology can never tell us why. While the home of the caddis fly larva is crude and roughly assembled, that of the testate amoeba is meticulously crafted - and it's all made by a single cell.
Advertisement
The products of the caddis fly larva and the amoeba, and the powers of red algae, are about more than ingenuity: they pose important questions about cell intelligence. After all, whole living cells are primarily autonomous, and carry out their daily tasks with little external mediation. They are not subservient nanobots, they create and regulate activity, respond to current conditions and, crucially, take decisions to deal with unforeseen difficulties.
Whole living cells are not subservient nanobots, they respond and take decisions
Just how far this conceptual revolution about cells could take us becomes clearer with more complex animals, such as humans. Here, conventional wisdom is that everything is ultimately controlled by the brain. But cells in the liver, for example, reproduce at just the right rate to replace cells lost through attrition; follicular cells create new hair; bone marrow cells produce new circulating blood cells at a rate of millions per minute. And so on and on. In fact, around 90 per cent of this kind of cell activity is invisible to the brain, and the cells are indifferent to its actions. The brain is an irrelevance to most somatic cells.
Advertisement
So where does that leave the neuron, the most highly evolved cell we know? It ought to be in an interesting and privileged place. After all, neurons are so specialised that they have virtually abandoned division and reproduction. Yet we model this cell as little more than an organic transistor, an on/off switch. But if a red alga can "work out" how to solve problems, or an amoeba construct a stone home with all the "ingenuity" of a master builder, how can the human neuron be so lowly?
Unravelling brain structure and function has come to mean understanding the interrelationship between neurons, rather than understanding the neurons themselves. My hunch is that the brain's power will turn out to derive from data processing within the neuron rather than activity between neurons. And networks of neurons enhance the effect of those neurons "thinking" between themselves. I think the neuron's action potentials are rather like a language neurons use to transmit processed data from one to the next.
Back in 2004, we set out to record these potentials, from neurons cultured in the lab. They emit electrical signals of around 40 hertz, which sound like a buzzing, irritating noise played back as audio files. I used some specialist software to distinguish the signal within the noise - and to produce sound from within each peak that is closer to the frequency of a human voice and therefore more revealing to the ear.
Advertisement
Listening to the results reprocessed at around 300 Hz, the audio files have the hypnotic quality of seabirds calling. There is a sense that each spike is modulated subtly within itself, and it sounds as if there are discrete signals in which one neuron in some sense "addresses" another. Could we be eavesdropping on the language of the brain?
For me, the brain is not a supercomputer in which the neurons are transistors; rather it is as if each individual neuron is itself a computer, and the brain a vast community of microscopic computers. But even this model is probably too simplistic since the neuron processes data flexibly and on disparate levels, and is therefore far superior to any digital system. If I am right, the human brain may be a trillion times more capable than we imagine, and "artificial intelligence" a grandiose misnomer.
I think it is time to acknowledge fully that living cells make us what we are, and to abandon reductionist thinking in favour of the study of whole cells. Reductionism has us peering ever closer at the fibres in the paper of a musical score, and analysing the printer's ink. I want us to experience the symphony.Profile
Advertisement
Brian J. Ford is a research biologist based at Gonville and Caius College, University of Cambridge.  They are a fellow of Cardiff University in the UK. Their books include Sensitive Souls. This article is based on their paper in Interdisciplinary Science Reviews (vol 34, p 350)
Top image by Dan Webber. This post by Brian J. Ford originally appeared at New Scientist.
(CN) – The estate executor for the late legendary rock promoter Bill Graham must face conversion claims, the 9th Circuit ruled Friday, also upholding copyright claims against Graham's former business associates.
Graham famously produced concerts for the Grateful Dead, Jefferson Airplane, Janis Joplin and other rock legends from the 1960s at their Fillmore concert venue in San Franciso, later known as the Fillmore West. They died in a helicopter crash on Oct. 25, 1991.
In 2010, the promoter's sons, Alexander Graham-Sult and David Graham, brought a breach of fiduciary duty suit against the executor of their father's estate, Nicholas Clainos, who had been longtime president of Bill Graham Enterprises. The brothers also filed claims for conversion and copyright infringement against the law firm Greene Radovsky Maloney Share & Hennigh, two attorneys, the Bill Graham Archives (BGA), Norton LLC and a shareholder of those companies.
Graham's sons claimed that the defendants had underreported the value of their father's archives and illegally grabbed copyrights related to a collection of rock memorabilia including hundreds of concert posters and scrapbooks.
U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken in Oakland dismissed the claims under California's anti-SLAPP statute, however, finding that they were all related to protected activity.
The 9th Circuit partly reversed on Friday, giving new life to the brothers' claims for conversion, unjust enrichment and breach of fiduciary duty against Clainos.
Norton LLC and Bill Graham Archives LLC meanwhile must face claims for conversion, copyright infringement and declaratory relief.
In light of the reversals, the court also vacated several awards for attorneys' fees.
“Striking plaintiffs' conversion and unjust enrichment claims against Nicholas Clainos was erroneous,” Judge N.R. Smith for a three-judge panel. “Because: taking possession of personal property, preparing and executing an assignment of intellectual property following a probate court's final order, and receiving consideration for stock sold after a probate court entered its final order, are not protected activities.”
The lower court had held the copyright allegations to too high a standard, according to the ruling.
“Plaintiffs pleaded enough facts to show that the assignment was not effective, and that they therefore had a legitimate claim to the copyrights when the BGA defendants obtained them,” Smith wrote.
Like this: Like Loading...
10 Most Amazing Ghost Towns
A ghost town is an abandoned village, town or city, usually one which contains substantial visible remains. A town often becomes a ghost town because the economic activity that supported it has failed, or due to natural or human-caused disasters such as floods, government actions, uncontrolled lawlessness, war, or nuclear disasters. (Also take a look at our list of incredible lost cities)
An abandoned city in northern Ukraine, near the border with Belarus. Pripyat was founded in 1970, for the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. It had grown to a population of 49,360 before being vacated a few days after the 26 April 1986 Chernobyl disaster. Because of the radiation, the city cannot be repopulated and remains abandoned today.
Check Out Our Free Videos
2. Varosha, Northern Cyprus
A quarter in the Cypriot city of Famagusta. It is located within Northern Cyprus. Prior to the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974, it was the modern tourist area of Famagusta. Its inhabitants fled during the invasion, and it has remained abandoned ever since.
A village in west-central France. The original village was destroyed on 10 June 1944, when 642 of its inhabitants, including women and children, were massacred by a German Waffen-SS company. A new village was built after the war on a nearby site but on the orders of the then French president, Charles de Gaulle, the original has been maintained as a permanent memorial and museum.
4. Hashima Island, Japan
Commonly called Gunkanjima, this island is one among 505 uninhabited islands in Nagasaki Prefecture. The island was populated from 1887 to 1974 as a coal mining facility. As petroleum replaced coal in Japan in the 1960s, coal mines began shutting down all over the country, and Hashima's mines were no exception. The mine closed in 1974 and the island became uninhabited. Travel to Hashima for tourists purposes was re-opened in 2009.
5. Kolmanskop, Namibia
A ghost town in the Namiba desert in southern Namibia. Built in 1908 by German miners that settled in this area to mine diamonds. The residents built the village in the architectural style of a German town, with institutions including a hospital, ballroom, power station, school, theater, casino and more. The town declined after World War I when the diamond-field slowly exhausted and was ultimately abandoned in 1954. The geological forces of the desert mean that tourists now walk through houses knee-deep in sand.
A ghost town in Beaverhead County, Montana. Founded in 1862 and named after the local Bannock Indians, it was the site of a major gold discovery in 1862. Its population reduced over time until the last residents left in the 1970s. Sixty historic log and frame structures remain standing in Bannack, many quite well preserved; most can be explored. The site was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
An abandoned medieval village located about 40 kilometers (25 mi) inland from the Gulf of Taranto at the instep of the “boot” of Italy. It was abandoned in 1963 due to recurring earthquakes.
8. Belchite, Spain
Before the 1930s, Belchite was a growing city, with many services. As a consequence of the Battle of Belchite, during the Spanish Civil War, the city was totally destroyed. Instead of reconstruction, dictator Franco decided to keep the ruins of the old town of Belchite intact as a memorial of the battle. As of 1964, the town was totally deserted, the inhabitants having been removed to Belchite Nuevo, on the side of the old town.
9. Ani, Turkey
A ruined and uninhabited medieval Armenian city situated near the border with Armenia. It was once the capital of a medieval Armenian kingdom that covered much of present-day Armenia and eastern Turkey. Ani stood on various trade routes and its many religious buildings, palaces, and fortifications were amongst the most technically and artistically advanced structures in the world. It had a population of 100,000–200,000 people and was the rival of Constantinople, Baghdad and Damascus. Long ago renowned for its splendor and magnificence, Ani has been abandoned and largely forgotten for centuries.
10. Agdam, Azerbaijan
A ghost town in the southwestern part of Azerbaijan. In July 1993, after heavy fighting, Agdam was captured by the forces of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic during its 1993 summer offensives. As the town fell, its entire population were forced to flee eastwards. In the immediate aftermath of the fighting, the Armenian forces decided to destroy much of Agdam to prevent its recapture by Azerbaijan. More damage occurred in the following decades when the deserted town was looted for building materials.
While the casting announcements for Warner Bros.' Peter Pan remake “Pan” have been rolling in, one in particular caught the eye of activists.
The studio cast Rooney Mara as Tiger Lily, and thousands have taken to a Care2 petition to protest the choice of a white actor for the Native American role. More than 4,200 signatures, out of their stated 5,000 goal, have been received.
“This casting choice is particularly shameful for a children's movie,” the petition reads. “Telling children their role models must all be white is unacceptable.”
Plenty of criticisms of similar ilk have risen in the past. Jared Leto, who won an Oscar for their role in “Dallas Buyers Club,” was the subject of controversy as well, for being a man playing a trans woman. Before that, Disney was criticized for choosing Johnny Depp to play the Native American Tonto in “The Lone Ranger.”
“Pan” is set to release July 17, 2015, and also stars Hugh Jackman and Garrett Hedlund. Warner Bros. has not immediately responded to request for statement.
Once heard only rarely outside the north Kent marshes, the loud voice of the Cetti's warbler is now delighting a whole new set of listeners, from the isle of Anglesey to the banks of the Humber. The bird has moved 150 kilometres further north within the UK in the last 40 years, in response to the changing climate.
Cetti's warbler is not alone – the little egret has now colonised Britain, which had previously been too cold for the bird; and the comma butterfly can now be found in Edinburgh, at least 220 kilometres north of its former central England home.
These changes, in response to global warming, have happened two to three times faster than was previously expected, according to a new study from the biology department of York University, published on Thursday evening in the peer review journal Science. Although such responses to global warming have been predicted, the study is the first to show that animal and plant species have moved furthest in the regions where the climate has warmed the most.
Species have tended to move towards the poles, fleeing in search of their more accustomed temperatures as climate change has resulted in warming of their normal habitats, according to the new research. The phenomenon is one of the clearest examples of climate change in action.
Chris Thomas, professor of conservation biology at York University and leader of the project, said: "These changes are equivalent to animals and plants shifting away from the equator at around 20 centimetres per hour, for every hour of the day, for every day of the year. This has been going on for the last 40 years and is set to continue for at least the rest of this century. "
The research team analysed data from a variety of studies, most of them from Europe and North America, finding more than 2,000 examples of how animal and plant species have adapted by moving their habitat. They found that, on average, species have moved to higher ground at a rate of 12.2 metres per decade, and moved closer to the poles at the faster speed of 17.6 metres per decade.
Thomas said: "This study [which shows] for the first time showed that species have moved furthest in regions where the climate has warmed the most, unambiguously links the changes in where species survive to climate warming over the last 40 years."
A moth that was found to have moved 67 metres uphill on Mount Kinabalu in Borneo showed that vast changes to the climatic system are borne out in the beating of an insect's wing.
Species are being forced to move in order to stick to the temperatures that they have evolved to expect. But the study also found wide variations among different species. For instance, some northern hemisphere species have moved south, and others have not moved at all. The scientists said this could be owing to the influence of other changes to the environment, independent of climate change – such as dwindling habitat, and a response to predators.
One example is the high brown fritillary butterfly, which in the UK might have been expected to move – along with some other butterfly species – northwards into Scotland. But populations of the butterfly have declined, because its normal habitats have been lost. And while Cetti's warbler – a small brown bird that belies its loud song – moved northwards, the cirl bunting moved south within the UK by 120km, a victim of intensified agriculture.
Birds and butterflies may tend to be more mobile, but mammals, reptiles, spiders, insects and all sorts of invertebrates were also tracked.
Previous studies have also found that climate change could represent a serious extinction risk to at least a tenth of the world's species. Thomas said: "Realisation of how fast species are moving because of climate change indicates that many species may indeed be heading rapidly towards extinction, where climatic conditions are deteriorating. On the other hand, other species are moving to new areas where the climate has become suitable, so there will be some winners as well as many losers."
About the author
(NewsTarget) Phytochemical-rich foods, such as blueberries, are not only healthy food choices, they may actually be able to reverse age-related memory problems. That's the conclusion of a study by a research team from the University of Reading and the Peninsula Medical School in England.The researchers (from the Schools of Food Biosciences and Psychology in Reading and the Institute of Biomedical and Clinical Sciences at the Peninsula Medical School in Exeter) supplemented a regular diet with blueberries over a three month period. Within three weeks, they discovered improvements in spatial working tasks and the improvements continued throughout the course of the study."This not only adds science to the claim that eating blueberries are good for you, it also provides support to a diet-based approach that could potentially be used to increase memory capacity and performance in the future," said Dr. Matt Whiteman, a principal investigator of the study, which is soon to be published in the science journalBlueberries are a major source of flavonoids, compounds found in fruits, vegetables, and certain beverages that have diverse beneficial biochemical and antioxidant effects. Flavonoids have been shown to cross the blood/brain barrier when blueberries are consumed.The enhancement of both short-term and long-term memory is controlled in neurons (brain cells) at the molecular level. The researchers think flavonoids found in blueberries may help learning and memory by enhancing existing neuronal connections, improving communication between cells and stimulating the regeneration of neurons.The scientists were able to pinpoint the ability of flavonoids to activate signaling proteins in a specific area of the hippocampus, the learning and memory-controlling part of the brain."Impaired or failing memory as we get older is one of life's major inconveniences. Scientists have known of the potential health benefits of diets rich in fresh fruits for a long time. Our previous work had suggested that flavonoid compounds had some kind of effect on memory, but until now we had not known the potential mechanisms to account for this," stated Dr. Jeremy Spencer, a lecturer in Molecular Nutrition at the University of Reading, who headed the study.Dr. Spencer's research team plans on continuing to investigate the effects of diets rich in flavonoids on individuals suffering from cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease (AD).According to the Alzheimer's Association, as many as 5.2 million people in the United States are living with AD and 10 million baby boomers will develop the memory-robbing disease in their lifetime.The Association predicts between 11 million and 16 million people will have AD by 2050. The direct and indirect costs of Alzheimer's and other dementias to Medicare, Medicaid and businesses amount to more than $148 billion each year.While no drug therapy has been shown to be an effective long-term treatment for AD, natural substances are offering hope.In addition to the new findings suggesting blueberries may provide a treatment for memory loss, additional research published last December in thesuggests omega-3 fatty acids found in fish oil could play an important role in preventing Alzheimer's disease.According to a research team at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) increases the production of LR11, a protein that is found at reduced levels in Alzheimer's patients. LR11 is able to destroy the protein that forms the plaques associated with the disease, the researchers explained.Sherry Baker is a widely published writer whose work has appeared in Newsweek, Health, the Atlanta Journal and Constitution, Yoga Journal, Optometry, Atlanta, Arthritis Today, Natural Healing Newsletter, OMNI, UCLAs "Healthy Years" newsletter, Mount Sinai School of Medicines "Focus on Health Aging" newsletter, the Cleveland Clinics "Mens Health Advisor" newsletter and many others.
Photo: Earl Gardner
Interviewer's question: “What position do you like to play?”
Michael Farfan: “Right midfielder — I receive it and I pass it…Yeah…[laughter]”
— Farfan's interview with Mexican media on Saturday
Philadelphia Union just parted with the last creative first team midfielder they had left.
Michael Farfan's transfer to Cruz Azul isn't a shocker. He's a talented player who was one of the Union's most valuable players in the transfer market, likely entering the final year of their contract, and part of a logjam at right midfield in which they were (wrongly) the odd man out instead of (rightly) the first choice. The move may be good for him: More money and an opportunity to play in a more technical league that may better suit their style.
But it is a kidney punch for much of the Union fan base.
The loss of Farfan themselves may not be what has the greatest impact.
It's that Michael Farfan represented what Union fans wanted their team to be.
Farfan represented attractive soccer. Excitement. Creativity. Straight out fun. A player who should be entering their prime.
Now that is gone.
“Farfantastic”
When Farfan was on their game, you never knew what they might do with the ball. You always hoped it was one of those ankle-breaking moves in which they dribbled through multiple defenders, danced along the end line like a tightrope, and found an open player cutting toward goal. They displayed the technical ability and flair of the Mexican game and the hard-nosed, working class approach that Philadelphia fans often love.
Farfan was particularly entwined in the team's fabric, as they and their twin brother, Gabriel, comprised one-fifth of the starting outfield for much of their tenure. They both brought a clear style to the team, displaying the physical approach the Union are known for while incorporating fantastic, creative dribbling ability. Gabriel was the funny man in the locker room and aggressive red card waiting to happen on the field, while Michael was the quiet and more withdrawn of the two but almost as fierce on the field.
The American game doesn't produce many players like Farfan. Bruce Arena once famously described Clint Dempsey's creativity by saying, “He tries sh*t.” That also describes Michael Farfan when he's in their comfort zone. Anyone who remembers that chipped goal against Real Madrid can attest to that. For some observers, including this one, no Union player was as enjoyable to watch as Michael Farfan. (His brother was often a close second.)
But Farfan was too often out of that comfort zone in 2013, having been shuffled around midfield by Union manager John Hackworth. It was Peter Nowak who first moved Farfan to center midfield, and Hackworth one-upped that by occasionally playing Farfan on the left as well. While Farfan could adequately play all three attacking midfield roles, they were more dynamic and comfortable on the right side. In the end, they became a less preferred option than Danny Cruz, an athletic, tough sprinter who lacks Farfan's creativity, vision, touch and defensive consistency.
Plenty of subtractions, but where are the additions?
Three weeks after the season's final game, a busy off-season has seen the Union yet to improve their roster.
Hackworth has indicated their preference for proven MLS players as a means to improve a team, but the Union have largely sat out the busiest period of veteran movement within MLS. A notoriously impatient and pessimistic fan base has some justification for their pessimism.
Meanwhile, D.C. United has added six regulars over the last two weeks. Toronto has added four, with Jermaine Defoe possibly on their way. The conference's bottom dwellers are closing the gap with the 7th place Union.
In the Union's defense, they have plenty of time, particularly with the international transfer window opening in January.* To add players, you often have to clear the deck first. A decent transfer fee for Farfan would provide more revenue to acquire the No. 10 playmaker the Union need. A full transfer of Carlos Valdes would add even more financial flexibility. The Union have seven picks in the MLS amateur draft's first three rounds and could leverage some of those picks in draft day trades. Hackworth and top assistant Rob Vartughian have traveled to Europe and Latin America on off-season scouting trips, and foreign signings are anticipated as a result.
The Union's only addition has been Corben Bone, however, a good, low-risk pick in the Re-Entry Draft who nonetheless remains the near equivalent of a trialist. Union fans have been predictably unimpressed.
The public relations fiasco surrounding Farfan's move hasn't done the Union any favors either, as the MLS web site linked to Mexican news reports while the league office forbade Philadelphia, San Jose and Los Angeles from commenting on the deals for Farfan, Rafael Baca and Jose Villarreal. The Union still have serious baggage from the Peter Nowak era when it comes to transparency, and the club's inability to confirm the deal while Farfan was being introduced in Mexico is a setback to their otherwise admirable efforts to increase transparency and restore credibility with fans.
A creativity deficit
Farfan's departure makes them the longest tenured player ever to leave the Union. No player has spent three years with the team and then left.
Seeing popular players depart is not a new experience for Union fans, however. So many have done so in the Union's short, four-year existence that they could fill out a fairly solid lineup.
This past spring, the Union had four creative midfielders on their roster in the Farfans, Kleberson, and Roger Torres. Now they have none.
Hackworth has talked of preferring a possession-oriented, attacking team, but they have discarded the types of midfielders necessary to create that model and kept the types of players that American soccer critics deride as “run fast, try hard” players. Michael Farfan's creative and technical play might represent the type of team Hackworth says they want, but Danny Cruz's kick-and-chase style represents the team they actually have. It does not inspire confidence in fans that the Union will ever achieve Hackworth's stated preferred model.
The pressure is on now for the Union to produce some solid acquisitions soon to allay the concerns and frustrations of the fan base. January is Put Up or Shut Up time.
Counseling women on the best forms of birth control cuts the rate of unintended pregnancy, according to a new study.
Not all birth control options are equally effective. The intrauterine device (IUD) and implant—referred to as long acting reversible contraception (LARC)—are more effective than the pill or condom. The failure rate for the IUD is as low as 0.2%; for the pill, that rate is 9%. (It's even higher for a condom, at 18%.) Yet only 7.2% of the population uses LARC.
That number may increase with better counseling, suggests the new study published in the journal The Lancet. Researchers found that when women are counseled about the effectiveness for various forms, they choose LARC more often and have fewer unintended pregnancies.
The researchers looked at 40 Planned Parenthood clinics in the United States and assigned 20 of the clinics to receive training on counseling and insertion for IUDs and implants. The other 20 offered standard care. More than 1,500 women ages 18 to 25 who visited the clinics—and who didn't want to get pregnant in the next year—were enrolled in the study.
Sex Ed Books Through the Ages 1 of 24 Advertisement
After following them for a year, the researchers found that the women who went to a clinic with LARC training were more likely to report getting counseling compared to the women in the control group. They were also more likely to choose an IUD or implant and were less likely to get pregnant during the study period. The rate of unintended pregnancy for the women in the intervention group was nearly half that of the control group (8 women out of 100 in the intervention group, compared to 15 per 100 women in the control group).
The study authors conclude that counseling may strengthen a woman's perception of their control over their pregnancy risk, and they therefore may choose more effective contraceptives.
“Unintended pregnancy has been one of those basic health issues that has persisted as a stubborn problem in the U.S., especially among 18-25 year olds,” says study author Cynthia Harper, a professor of obstetrics, gynecology & reproductive sciences at the UCSF Bixby Center for Global Reproductive Health. “We're excited to be able to offer providers an intervention that can help them educate women on the range of FDA-approved contraceptives and to be able to offer the methods with the highest efficacy—IUDs and the transdermal implant—along with other more commonly used methods such as the pill.”
Counseling like the kind in the study could take place in places beyond Planned Parenthood clinics, Harper says. “The counseling could be brought to health centers at schools,” they say. “We are also beginning to help develop curriculums for high school students to learn about all of the methods of birth control, including IUDs and implants, so they have the knowledge they need when the time comes for them to make their own birth control choices.”
Read Next: The Best Form of Birth Control
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Dublin Bay has been awarded a UNESCO biosphere designation.
Originally covering Bull Island, the designation will now cover 300 square kilometres of the sea and Dublin city and county.
Ireland will be the only country in the world to have a biosphere covering parts of a major city area.
The designation does not impose planning restrictions but is aimed at accommodating residential and commercial development in a sustainable way.
There are over 600 biospheres worldwide, but the only other one in Ireland is Killarney Park.
Although a green belt area around São Paulo in Brazil has a biosphere designation, Dublin is the only major city where it extends to an urban area.
The announcement was made today by Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation Richard Bruton.
Shaun Quinn of Fáilte Ireland said: "This recognition of Dublin Bay also dovetails with Fáilte Ireland's work to reposition Dublin as the 'city by the sea'."
Every day I get letters asking me to weigh in on the healthcare fracas. As if a redneck writer armed with a keyboard, a pack of smokes and all the misinformation and vitriol available on the Internet could contribute anything to the crap storm already in progress. Besides that, my unreasoned but noisy take on this issue is often about as welcome as a fart in a spacesuit. None of which has ever stopped me from making a fool of myself in the past. So here goes.
There ain't any healthcare debate going on, Bubba. What is going on are mob negotiations about insurance, and which mob gets the biggest chunk of the dough, be it our taxpayer dough or the geet that isn't in ole Jim's impoverished purse. The hoo-ha is about the insurance racket, not the delivery of healthcare to human beings. It's simply another form of extorting the people regarding a fundamental need -- health.
Unfortunately, the people have been mesmerized by our theater state's purposefully distracting and dramatic media productions for so long they've been mutated toward helplessness. Consequently, they are incapable of asking themselves a simple question: If insurance corporation profits are one third of the cost of healthcare, and all insurance corporations do is deliver our money to healthcare providers for us (or actually, do everything in their power to keep the money for themselves), why do we need insurance companies at all? Answer: Because Wall Street gets a big piece of the action. And nobody messes with the Wall Street Mob (as the bailout extortion money proved). Better (and worse) presidents have tried. Some made a genuine effort to push it through Congress. Others expressed the desire publicly, but after getting privately muscled by the healthcare industry, decided to back off from the idea. For instance:
Franklin Roosevelt wanted universal healthcare.
Harry Truman wanted universal healthcare.
Dwight Eisenhower wanted universal healthcare.
Richard Nixon wanted universal healthcare.
Lyndon Johnson wanted universal healthcare.
Bill Clinton wanted -- well we can't definitely say because they made sure that if the issue blew up on him, which it did, Hillary would be left holding the turd. Is it any wonder that woman gets so snappy at the slightest provocation? First getting left to hold the bag on healthcare, then the spots on that blue dress.
So why did American liberals believe Obama would bring home the healthcare bacon? Because they live in an ideological cupcake land. It's a big neighborhood, a very special place where "Your vote is important," and "by electing the right candidate, you can change our beloved nation." Most of America lives in that neighborhood, even though they've never personally met. It's a place where the shrubbery and flowerbeds of such things as "values" and "hope" bloom. Hope that our desires coupled with the efforts of a good and decent president can affect "change." Evidently these voters never heard the old adage, "Hope in one hand and piss in the other, and see which one fills up first."
The slaughter of the innocents by the healthcare lobby has pretty much extinguished the political usefulness of the word hope. Nobody, especially Obama, uses it now.
The first on-stage scuffle of the Obama administration, government assured healthcare, quickly settled down into the accustomed scenario of very rich and powerful people in expensive suits "finding middle ground," otherwise known as the status quo. Single payer healthcare soon became "a consumer government alternative to private insurance," and is now "a system of health cooperatives. Next comes "slightly better health insurance (but not medical services) than before, from the same insurance companies but at twice the price; don't worry though, we're increasing your tax load so you can afford it."
The televised screaming matches, having served their purpose, are over now. The presidency and the nation have settled back into the normalcy of the officially sanctioned state consciousness and its curious non-language, one modified and shaped daily by corporate and government symbiosis. Over generations we've come to internalize this imagistic language, which is quite theatrical when heated up for public consumption and dully bureaucratic when attention is to be avoided. But always it is void of content and any sort of truth. In the corporately managed theater state, it's not whether a thing is true that matters, but how it sounds and looks and what you call it. Call end of life counseling a "death panel," and you've just turned mercy and choice into one more Great Satan.
In the end though, healthcare American style comes down to the preferences of two elite castes, Congress and corporate powers, neither of which can exist without the other. Corporations need the government to sanction their methods of extracting wealth from the public. Congress needs corporations to finance its campaign chariot races. Right now members of Congress have an excellent chance of putting the arm on healthcare industry lobbyist for some real cash:
Senator Smedley Heathwood: "Oh, I dunno, I'm sort of liking Obama's alternative." Godzilla Healthcare Inc.: "Here, take this suitcase full of gold bullion, call me if you run short. And remember, we've got that ‘Life is a pre-existing condition' bill coming up in the Senate soon."
Siamese twins, joined at the hip, they share the same goal, preservation of control -- the government's social control and the corporations' economic control. And you cannot have one without the other.
Obama got elected on hope of reform, despite that one cannot reform a mafia, only pay increased extortion moneys. He's fortunate that it was not a genuine demand for reform, just hope. We're fortunate we did not demand reform because we're not going to get it. Obama doesn't have to reform the healthcare industry mob. All they have to do is look like they took a shot at it, and hope it's convincing enough. What we've seen is probably their best shot, too. Why not? There is always the off chance it might work, in which case their "presidential legacy" would be assured. And if it doesn't, well, the serious progressives who are screeching mad at them now will still have to vote for them as the incumbent in 2012. Or learn to love somebody like Mitt Romney, Sarah Palin, Mike Huckabee, Jeb Bush, Rick Santorum (take your pick) or some as-yet-unknown the GOP drags out from under the hen house and ballyhoos as a "new face." Luckily, Dick Cheney is out of the question, barring a coup by the far right wing of the schizophrenic GOP. But still, after Palin, one shudders at the prospects.
Whatever happens, we will not see Congress stand up against the extortion of its people by the healthcare industry. We will not see even the most ordinary kind of healthcare declared as a human right, as it is in so many other nations. We will see, however, greater access to the public treasury by the insurance corporations.
Every nation in the world is now party to at least one treaty that addresses health as a human right, including the conditions necessary for the delivery of health services. Healthcare is a right under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Hell, even Saddam Hussein provided healthcare.
That Americans cannot grasp this fundamental aspect of human rights (but then we cannot even get child nutrition, or limiting the number of times you can taser an old lady in an airport, out of the starting gate) and join the civilized world and assure its people of such things is testimony. Testimony that we live in a vacuum exclusive of the accepted standard of mercy and decency common to civilized democratic nations elsewhere. Testimony that even we the citizenry would rather maintain and spread lies than accept truths such as most people in countries with universal healthcare would not ever give it up in favor of the U.S. system.
Most of all though, it is testimony that we live under an induced mass hallucination where spectacle replaces fact, information and common sense. In place of actionable information, we are served up screaming red faces -- angry mobs manufactured for TV protesting "government interference in the people's healthcare choices." One must wonder what inchoate anger is really being tapped by the organizers of these strange "citizen protests." As usual, the straw boogeyman of socialism is once more invoked. "Oh my god! I'll have to give up my $1,100 a month insurance bill, which only pays 80% of my insurance costs AFTER I pay the initial $5,000 of those costs! If that ain't Joe Stalin all over again, I don't know what is!" We get the false media drama of "death panels."
And being captives of spectacle and hyperbole, we friggin love it. The idea of death panels plays to our childish attraction to the extreme and entertaining. Killing Grandma is far more entertaining to our imaginations than say, guaranteed access to chest screens and blood pressure medicine. Two generations into this national infantilization, it's now the only national life we know -- the ideological spectacle made real.
To steal a page from Guy Debord, society has become ideology. We live in an antidialectical false consciousness, imposed at every moment on everyday life as spectacle. We are held in thrall. Our faculty of ordinary encounter has been systematically broken down. In its place we now have our unique social hallucination. Never do we encounter anything directly, yet we get the illusion of encounter. This includes encounter with each other. Anyone who lives in meatspace with their or their fellow Americans could not deny 57 million of them health. In this society no one is any longer capable of recognizing anyone else. Instead, we see others as the screamers at the town hall meetings, or as communists who want to give free healthcare to illegals and establish death panels. Or as Christian fundamentalists, or as liberals or conservatives. Or as celebrities or as nobodies.
But most importantly, whenever we must reach any significant agreement as human beings, whether it be about something as globally insignificant as U.S. domestic policy (we are only 6% of the world population, and though it hasn't soaked in yet to most Americans, we're also broke and owe the Chinese loan shark a wad) or as significant as global warming, we immediately cede the field to ideology. We simply don't know how to do anything else.
Ideology has utterly triumphed. It has separated us from ourselves and built itself a home inside our consciousness, from whence it operates now as our reality. There is no going back, only forward. Given that we are a nation of children who prefer to close our eyes and make a hopeful wish with Tinkerbelle, rather than give hope the piss test, then let us hope to high hell. We may as well go for broke. So let us hope that, in going forward, new and unforeseen developments in the national consciousness occur. Developments that offer an escape from this one so deeply colonized by the corpo-political machinery we created -- and which in turn recreated us. One that will break us loose from enthrallment. Maybe collision with a giant asteroid. Or that Garth Brooks will be barred from making a fifth comeback tour. That's one hope. A consciousness shattering event by American standards.
Another hope is for an absolute and total collapse of the system.
At this point, I'll take what I can get.
_______
About author Joe Bageant is author of the book, Deer Hunting With Jesus: Dispatches from America's Class War (Random House Crown), about working class America. A complete archive of Joe's essays can be found at Joe Bageant is author of the book,(Random House Crown), about working class America. A complete archive of Joe's essays can be found at http://www.joebageant.com
Free hoagie alert!
Wawa Welcome America's Hoagie Day returns this Wednesday, July 2 with tons, literally 4.5 tons, of free hoagies for all to enjoy.
On Wednesday, July 2, beginning at noon, spend your lunch break on Independence Mall with all of the freshly-made hoagies you can imagine.
Wawa Hoagie Day also serves as a salute to members of the military, police force and firefighters. Throughout the day, watch local police and fire departments compete in a variety of Hoagie-centric events and enjoy a patriotic performance by the United States Army Fife and Drum Corps.
Just across Independence Mall, the National Constitution Center opens its doors for free all day long on Wednesday, July 2 and promises a variety of special programming like an exhibition about the history of the hoagie and live music.
Wednesday lunch plans, check!
Wawa Welcome America Hoagie Day
When: Wednesday, July 2, noon-2 p.m.
Where: Independence Visitors Center Lawn, 1 N. Independence Mall West
Cost: Free
More info: www.welcomeamerica.com
Fluokitten: Functors, Applicatives and Monads in Pictures - in Clojure
This tutorial is a Clojure version of the article Functors, Applicatives and Monads in Pictures. The original article was written in Haskell, and is an excellent introduction to the very basics of functors, applicatives, and monads. This article is not self-contained: it is ment to be read side-by-side with the original article, and used as a commentary and reference for the Clojure version of the examples. Due to the differences in typing, data structures, support for varargs and currying, there are differences in how the concepts that the original article explains are implemented in Haskell and Clojure.
To be able to follow this article, you'll have to have Clojure installed and Fluokitten library included as a dependency in your project, as described in Getting Started Guide. Obviously, you'll need a reasonable knowledge of Clojure (you don't have to be an expert, though), and being familiar with the basics of Haskell is helpful, but not a necessity. So, after checking out Getting Started Guide, start up Clojure REPL and open this article and the original article and we are ready to go.
The complete source code of the examples used in this article is available here in the form of midje tests.
The concept of a box as a simple context
When we are working with some values as they are, the function is applied to a value, resulting in some new value as a result:
2 ;=> 2 (( partial + 3 ) 2 ) ;=> 5
There should be nothing confusing here; the only difference is that, since Clojure does not support automatic currying, (+3) would result in applying + to 3 , resulting with number 3 instead of a function that adds 3 as in Haskell. Therefore, in Clojure we use partial that enables the equivalent behavior. Note: Fluokitten has a curry function that can transform any function to its automatically curried version, but it is not necessary for this article, so we opted for the mainstream Clojure version.
Now, about boxes. Lists, vectors, other data structures are kinds of “boxes” that contain other values. There is an even simpler kind of box - Maybe. That is an existing box that contains some value - Just something , or a box that indicates that something went wrong with the process of putting a value in a box, or something was wrong with the value itself - Nothing . In Clojure, nil is used as a value that indicates non-existence, so in clojure we have (just 2) as a simple box that contains value 2 or nil:
( just 2 ) ;=> (just 2) nil ;=> nil
Box as a box, whether it is a Just or a list, tree, or something more complex has its own utility and functionality, which is something that is not of interest for us here. Category theory applied to programming is interested in seeing what is common to all these boxes, what is general enough that can be done to all these kinds of boxes, in a same way without concern for the actual type of the box. So a particular box can be used in a number of different general ways, and depending on the ways of usage that it supports, the box can be given one or more of the general names: functor, applicative functor, monad etc. (there are more, but this tutorial cover these three).
Functor
The simplest of these general concepts is functor. Here is a problem that it solves:
(( partial + 3 ) ( just 2 )) ;=> (throws ClassCastException)
A plain function that accepts number cannot accept a box with a number. Straightforward solution would be to create a special function that extracts the value and then applies the original function, but this solution is not general enough - we would have to check the type of box, find a relevant extractor function, etc.
This is where functors come in: if some box can accept functions to be applied to the context of a box (and most, if not all boxes can do this) we can say that the box is a functor and use fmap function just for that purpose:
( fmap ( partial + 3 ) ( just 2 )) ;=> (just 5)
fmap is very convenient: it not only applies a normal function to the box, it returns its result conveniently boxed!
Just what is a Functor really?
Haskell has its own machinery for implementing this, as sketched in the original article. Clojure uses its own, different mechanism - protocols. In Clojure, Functor is a protocol that defines the fmap method. If you want a box you are creating to be a functor, you'll implement the Functor protocol, and make sure (by examining the code, testing, etc) that it satisfies functor laws, which ensure that your fmap implementation is a well behaved fmap . Clojure fmap also supports varargs (multiple arguments) so it can apply a multiargument function to many boxes, while in Haskell can accept only one box. When we fmap a function (even the one that would normaly break its teeth on a broken value and raise an exception) to a broken Maybe box, we get a broken box:
( fmap ( partial + 3 ) nil ) ;=> nil
The next example is specific to Maybe, but shows how functors can save us working on particulars and concentrate on the generalities:
( def posts { 1 { :title "Apples" }}) ( defn find-post [ post-id ] ( if-let [ post ( posts post-id )] ( just post ) nil )) ( defn get-post-title [ post ] "This example is intentionally silly to correspond to the intention of the original example. Clojure maps handle the nil-map case well, but the real database title fetching function might not." ( post :title )) ( fmap get-post-title ( find-post 1 )) ;=> (just "Apples") ( fmap get-post-title ( find-post 2 )) ;=> nil)
And, let's see a slightly more complex box - Clojure vector:
( fmap ( partial + 3 ) [ 2 4 6 ]) => [ 5 7 9 ]
Functions are functors, too:
( def foo ( fmap ( partial + 3 ) ( partial + 2 ))) ( foo 10 ) ;=> 15)
Applicatives
A slightly more powerful kind of box is a box that can accept function(s) to be applied not only bare, but also boxed. Every box that can be applicative can also be a functor.
( def add3 ( partial + 3 )) ( just add3 ) ;=> (just add3) ( fapply ( just add3 ) ( just 2 )) ;=> (just 5) ( <*> ( just add3 ) ( just 2 )) ;=> (just 5))
Why fmap instead of <*> and what is the difference?
First, the difference between Clojure's fapply and Haskell's <*> . Haskell <*> is an infix operator, so it is more convenient to use the symbol, than its (mostly used but not that widely known) name ap . In Clojure, we do not use operators, and function application is written in a prefix style, so using an a-z name is more readable. ap is too short and indistinctive and apply is already taken by Clojure core. Additionally, fapply is consistently named with fmap .
Second, the difference between fapply and <*> functions in Clojure. In this example, they are equivalent, but when more parameters are provided, (<*> x y z) in Clojure is equivalent to (fapply (fapply x y) z) in Clojure and x <*> y <*> z in Haskell.
Vectors are also applicative, with an interesting twist that a vector can carry many functions to be applied:
( <*> [( partial * 2 ) ( partial + 3 )] [ 1 2 3 ]) ;=> [2 4 6 4 5 6]
The following example in the original article is relevant only for Haskell's fmap . The goal was to apply a function that takes two arguments to two boxed values. Haskell's fmap only accepts one boxed value at a time. Therefore, applicative is needed for the application for the second box, because the result of the first application is a curried (+3) function in a box. Clojure's fmap does not have such problems, since it can accept as many arguments as the function that is to be applied needs.
( fmap * ( just 5 ) ( just 3 )) ;=> (just 15)
Monads
Maybe monads seemed bizarre if you tried to understand them right away, but after you familliarize yourself with functors and applicatives, they should be much simpler to grasp. Let's translate the original article's examples to Clojure code.
Here's the half function in Clojure:
( defn half [ x ] ( if ( even? x ) ( just ( quot x 2 )) nil ))
It takes a number and maybe produces a boxed number. If the number cannot be halved to two equal integers, it returns nil (remember, nil is Clojure's Nothing )
( half 4 ) ;=> (just 2) ( half 5 ) ;=> nil
Try to feed it a boxed value, and it complains with a nasty exception:
( half ( just 4 )) ;=> (throws IllegalArgumentException)
Fortunately, since our box ( Just ) is also a monad, it can handle even such cases with the help of the bind function:
( bind ( just 3 ) half ) ;=> nil
Similarly to the case with fapply and <*> , bind has its own twin, >>= . When only one box is supplied (like in this example) they do the same thing. Here's the rest of the code for the original example, which, by now, you should be able to follow easily:
( >>= ( just 3 ) half ) ;=> nil ( >>= ( just 4 ) half ) ;=> (just 2) ( >>= nil half ) ;=> nil ( >>= ( just 20 ) half half half ) ;=> nil ( >>= ( just 20 ) half half ) ;=> (just 5)
The last example in the original article (reading a file and printing) is not really relevant for Clojure, which is not a strictly pure language. In Clojure, we would simply use impure functions for working with input/output, and we are not forced to use IO Monad for that. Therefore, we skip this part.
Conclusion
A functor in Clojure is a type that implements the Functor protocol.
protocol. An applicative is a type that implements the Applicative protocol.
protocol. A monad is a type that implements the Monad protocol.
protocol. Maybe monad is implemented with the Just and nil types, which implement all three protocols, so they are functors, applicatives, and monads.
Where to go next
To continue with the spirit of the original article, we continue by providing the Clojure version of to Learn you a Haskell for Great Good book. Continue here Of course, while reading these guides, you should check Fluokitten reference documentation and tutorials out as needed.
Tell Us What You Think!
Please take some time to tell us about your experience with the library and this site. Let us know what we should be explaining or is not clear enough. If you are willing to contribute improvements, even better!
Image caption Publisher Jonathan Burnham says Knox will write "very thoughtful, reflective and serious book"
Amanda Knox, the young American cleared of murdering their British housemate Meredith Kercher in 2007 in the Italian city of Perugia, has signed a book deal with HarperCollins.
The book publisher said the 24-year-old will "give a full and unflinching account" of both their arrest and trial.
The deal is reportedly worth $4m (£2.5m) for world rights and is tentatively scheduled for early 2013.
Ms Knox was cleared in October of killing Miss Kercher, of south London.
An appeal court overturned their conviction and that of their former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito, who had also been found guilty of murder, after doubts were raised about the gathering of DNA evidence.
Italian prosecutors, however, have launched an appeal against the acquittals.
'Never before told'
Ms Knox was represented in the book deal negotiations by Washington DC-based lawyer Robert Barnett, whose clients have also included President Barack Obama and former President George W Bush.
Seven publishers who met Ms Knox submitted bids during a recent auction.
"Aided by journals they kept during their imprisonment, Knox will talk about their harrowing experience at the hands of the Italian police and later prison guards and inmates," HarperCollins publisher Jonathan Burnham said in a statement.
"She will reveal never before told details surrounding their case, and describe how they used their inner strength and strong family ties to cope with the most challenging time of their young life.''
Ms Knox, who served four years of a 26-year sentence, has not granted any interviews since returning to their hometown of Seattle, in Washington state.
The book will cover Ms Knox's life in Perugia before the murder, as well as their account of the events surrounding the murder.
Mr Burnham said that Ms Knox, who studied creative writing, would work with a collaborator.
The prosecution, which maintains Miss Kercher was killed in a brutal sex game which went wrong, is to appeal to Italy's highest court over the acquittals.
However, it appears unlikely that Ms Knox would be extradited back to Italy from the US.
Sumitomo Electric has developed what is being called the world's first automobile powered by a superconducting motor. The electric passenger sedan (a modified Toyota Crown Comfort), which is powered by a high-temperature superconducting motor cooled by liquid nitrogen, was unveiled in Osaka on June 12 and will go on display at the Hokkaido Toyako G8 Summit on June 19.
Superconductors -- energy-efficient materials that can carry electrical current without resistance -- are used in applications ranging from medical devices to linear motors for trains. Until now, however, they have never been used to power an automobile, says Sumitomo, who developed an ultra-powerful 365-kw superconducting motor last year.
Sumitomo's motor uses high-temperature superconducting wires instead of the copper wire typically used in the coils in electric vehicle motors. When cooled to -200 degrees Celsius, electrical resistance and current loss are reduced to nearly zero, so the motor can operate with greater energy efficiency and torque -- in other words, the motor uses less electricity to do the same amount of work. The company says the prototype vehicle can travel more than 10% farther than conventional electric vehicles running on the same type of battery.
The development comes as demand for electric vehicles grows, and as manufacturers step up efforts to improve battery and motor performance to increase the distance that vehicles can travel on a single charge.
Sumitomo intends to further improve the motor with the aim of putting a vehicle on the market in the not-too-distant future. The company is looking to develop superconductor motors for buses and trucks as well.
[Sources: Nikkei, Yomiuri]
Our team spent the past decade building, deploying and scaling online applications, sometimes to millions of users, using anything from Perl to Go. We've worked with the largest organizations in the world, from Fortune 500 to the UN, governments as well as small, scrappy startups. And we had our fair share of servers crashing and burning.
Through this, we tried pretty much every option out there to deal with servers, from custom shell scripts to fully automated infrastructures using things like Jenkins, Chef, Ansible or Fabric. So far, nothing really stuck.
We have opinions on why configuration management and orchestration tools are hard to make work, but for now I'd like to talk about the NoOps promise of PaaS like Heroku, Google App Engine and the likes.
What PaaS does really well
There are many small features we learned to like on specific platforms, but overall their main value comes from being low barriers of entries and developer-friendly.
Getting started is very easy: sign up, fill in a few forms and you can start deploying your app using a couple terminal commands. Need to scale your application? Add more compute (dynos, instances, servos or whatever your PaaS labeled it). Want something not supported out-of-the-box (SSL or a database)? Buy an add-on.
And all of this is obviously geared towards developers: the UX and terminology is much closer to an "app mindset" than the reality of operations, even command lines mimic what folks use when pushing their code on say GitHub.
All great; focus on developers and abstract everything they may not be comfortable with.
Where PaaS falls short
The problem is this abstraction comes at a price:
Fragmentation : your application is now running on a swarm of micro-services. One for your code, another for your database and probably a bunch of others for caching, load balancing etc. You now have multiple points of failures and need to keep it in mind when designing your code. It also means your main performance leverage is horizontal scaling.
Price : while it may seem cheap at first (especially since providers usually have a free plan for hobbyists), it's been our experience that PaaS become expensive... quickly. As soon as your start scaling to a more serious setup, price goes up by combination of both raw compute and add-ons. It's also a lot more moving parts to deal with.
Lock-in : once you've started building your application around a specific PaaS, it becomes non-trivial to migrate to another platform. Moving over to a standard stack for example, say on AWS or Digital Ocean, requires a significant amount of resources, starting with finding somebody who knows their way around servers. Forget everything your learned about the abstractions your PaaS was giving you; you're back to square one.
Limitations : Heroku was especially successful at building a marketplace for add-ons. But even they can't rival the flexibility and power that a "regular" server offers. Buildpacks, for example, helps with some of that, at least from the dependencies point of view, but there's no comparison with what is possible once you can configure technologies on a server. Moreover, add-ons aren't free (or even very cheap), which leads me to my next point;
Black-box: you have a very limited range of options when it comes to understanding what really goes on with the infrastructure your app is running on. Rap-genius' "Routergate" is a good illustration of this problem. You are more or less locked out of your infrastructure. You can't simply SSH in and figure things out. If you have to deal with things like HIPAA or PCI compliance as well, things get a lot more complicated really fast.
In a nutshell
We have used and recommended using PaaS solutions for building MVPs, especially in cases where the UX was more heavily reliant on the UI than the backend (which is often the case with mobile applications). But what we've seen time and again is people struggling with its aftermath when they start scaling; either they stick with it and see their costs increasing (sometimes drastically), continuously dealing with a fragmented and constrained setup, or they take on the significant investment of building (and maintaining) their own infrastructure.
This is partly why we came to work on devo.ps; we're trying to close the gap between the low barrier-of-entry of PaaS and the flexibility of the DIY approach.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)'s primary external advisory board today released a report calling for the agency to increase its staff of cryptography experts and implement more explicit processes for ensuring openness and transparency to strengthen its cryptography efforts. The Visiting Committee on Advanced Technology (VCAT) report also highlights the importance of having the trust and participation of the broader cryptographic community in NIST's program.
In the fall of 2013, former NIST Director Patrick D. Gallagher requested that the VCAT review NIST's cryptographic standards and guidelines development process, in response to community concerns that a cryptographic algorithm in a NIST standard had been deliberately weakened.
In making its recommendations, the VCAT specifically addressed NIST's interactions with the National Security Agency (NSA). The report states, "NIST may seek the advice of the NSA on cryptographic matters but it must be in a position to assess it and reject it when warranted."
"Ensuring we have a process that delivers strong cryptography and protects the integrity of our standards and guidelines is our highest priority," said Acting NIST Director Willie May. "We appreciate this review by the VCAT and the individual Committee of Visitor experts. NIST has already taken several steps to strengthen the process for developing cryptographic standards and will carefully consider these recommendations."
The Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) of 2002 gives NIST responsibility for developing information security standards and guidelines for non-national security federal information systems. These standards and guidelines have been widely adopted by U.S. industry and the international community. FISMA also directs NIST to consult with other agencies such as the NSA, to promote coordination and avoid conflicting standards.
In May 2014, the VCAT convened a blue ribbon panel of experts called the Committee of Visitors (COV) and asked each expert to review NIST's cryptographic process and provide individual reports of their conclusions and recommendations. The experts, states the VCAT report, "point out several shortcomings and procedural weaknesses that led to the inclusion" of the algorithm, despite known community concerns with its security.
In its report, the VCAT noted that "it is of paramount importance that NIST's process for developing cryptographic standards is open and transparent and has the trust and support of the cryptographic community." The committee recommends that NIST explore, "in addition to the current avenues, expanding its programs to engage academia and outside experts to aid in the review of specific technical topics."The report also recommends that NIST review the current requirement for interaction with the NSA and recommends changes in instances where it "hinders [NIST's] ability to independently develop the best cryptographic standards."
The VCAT review was part of a larger initiative by NIST that included an internal review of its development process and the February 2014 release of a document outlining the principles behind that process. NIST IR 7977: DRAFT NIST Cryptographic Standards and Guidelines Development Process will be finalized by the end of 2014, and will include more detailed processes and procedures that incorporate feedback from the VCAT and the public.
"We will continue to work with the best cryptography experts in the world, both inside and outside of government," said May. "At the same time, we recognize and agree with the VCAT that NIST must strengthen its in-house cryptography capabilities to ensure we can reach independent conclusions about the merits of specific algorithms or standards."
The individual members of the COV also offered suggestions for improving technical aspects of various standards as well as the development process, and the VCAT recommends that NIST consider those recommendations.
NIST has posted the full VCAT report to its website, as well as the expert panel's individual written conclusions and recommendations and related materials.
As a non-regulatory agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce, NIST promotes U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science, standards and technology in ways that enhance economic security and improve our quality of life. To learn more about NIST, visit www.nist.gov
Hackers on Monday installed child pornography onto the computer of Czech President,
“I turned on my computer and looked in disbelief for about 10 seconds at what was happening, before I realized that it was a hacker attack,” Zeman said in an interview.
IT specialists from the president's office have traced the attack back to the US state of Alabama, the president said.
This is not the first cyberattack on Czech politicians.
Hackers broke into the email account of the Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka in early 2016.
Previously, unknown users sent fake messages from their Twitter account.
In October 2013, pornographic photographs appeared on the website of Zeman's Party of Civic Rights (SPO).
Zeman is considered a critic of Islam and supports an end to EU sanctions against Russia.
The 72-year-old plans to run for a second five-year term in office early 2018.
A couple of dozen U.S. Postal Service workers protested what they said was the potential loss of more than 100 local jobs Saturday outside Baltimore's main post office on Fayette Street.
The workers held signs with messages such as "Customers First" and "Save America's Postal Service" and chanted, "When postal workers' jobs are under attack, what do we do? Stand up, fight back," as a steady stream of customers visited the main post office and some drivers honked their horns to show support.
Rachel Walthall of Owings Mills, an officer with the American Postal Workers Union who has worked for the Postal Service for 24 years, said management sent internal letters this month to workers to warn them that the agency was looking to cut vacant positions.
Such cuts would cause workers to be sent to different locations or be put on different shifts, ultimately affecting wait times and the pace of mail delivery, they said.
"We're concerned employees; our job is to service the customer," Walthall said. "When we took the oath to become postal employees, it was to make sure that we gave the customers the best service. But we know the cuts in jobs will affect the customers."
A spokesperson for the Postal Service did not respond to requests for comment.
Union officials said the cuts in the Baltimore region would be made in the upcoming fiscal year that begins Oct. 1. They asked the public to contact members of Congress and write letters to the postmaster general to oppose any reductions in jobs.
Donna Moore and Beatrice Williams stopped by the post office at 900 E. Fayette St. Saturday afternoon to check their mail. The women said they were worried about any cuts slowing down delivery or adding wait times at local offices.
"That's exactly what's going to happen!" Moore said.
"Your mail's going to be late," Williams said.
The Postal Service's financial challenges have been well-documented. In May, the agency reported a quarterly loss of $562 million, despite an increase in package delivery. A main cause of the loss was fewer first-class mailings coupled with retiree health care obligations.
The Postal Service's operating revenue was reported at $17.3 billion, about $475 million less than the same time last year.
The Associated Press contributed to this article.
ywenger@baltsun.com
twitter.com/yvonnewenger
Cape Town - Southern Kings coach Deon Davids has named their team for their PRO14 encounter against Newport Gwent Dragons in Wales on Saturday.
Davids made some changes to the team that lost 43-17 to Italian side Zebre in Port Elizabeth last weekend.
The coach has handed a starting place to Jacques Nel at centre in place of Luzuko Vulindlu who drops to the bench, while veteran finisher Alshaun Bock starts in place of Sibusiso Sithole on the left wing.
The only other change in the backline is injury-enforced and sees Godlen Masimla take over at scrumhalf from Rudi van Rooyen, while Rowan Gouws is included in the match-day 23 as replacement scrumhalf.
There has been some shuffling in the Kings pack too.
Martin Dreyer gets a chance to stake their claim at tighthead prop in the absence of Luvuyo Pupuma who has been ruled out for at least four weeks with a rotator cuff injury.
Bobby de Wee gets a start at lock in place of Dries Van Schalkwyk who makes the switch to No 8 - a position they filled with some distinction for Zebre last season.
The man who wore the No 8 jersey for the Kings last weekend, Andile Ntsila, shifts to the side of the scrum where they take over from Khaya Majola at flank. Majola is included on the bench.
Making it all-change from the loose-trio who did duty against Zebre last weekend, Jurie van Vuuren returns as No 7 flank in place of Victor Sekekete.
Hooker Michael Willemse will once again captain the Kings who welcome back prop Entienne Swanepoel on the bench after a compulsory break due to concussion and there is also place found amongst the replacements for lock Lubabalo Mtyanda.
Davids said they were satisfied with the team's work rate and that they were showing signs of improvement each week: “I have made a few changes for this weekend's match against the Dragons and given different players the chance to impress and stake their claim to a starting place in the Kings team. I believe that they will take advantage of the opportunity.”
The clash at Rodney Parade in Newport is scheduled for 20:35 (SA time).
Teams:
Dragons
TBA
Kings
15 Masixole Banda, 14 Yaw Penxe, 13 Jacques Nel, 12 Berton Klaasen, 11 Alshaun Bock, 10 Pieter-Steyn de Wet, 9 Godlen Masimla, 8 Dries van Schalkwyk, 7 Jurie van Vuuren, 6 Andisa Ntsila, 5 Bobby de Wee, 4 Stephan Greeff, 3 Martin Dreyer, 2 Michael Willemse (captain), 1 Schalk Ferreira
Substitutes: 16 Stephan Coetzee, 17 Rossouw de Klerk, 18 Entienne Swanepoel, 19 Lubabalo Mtyanda, 20 Khaya Majola, 21 Rowan Gouws, 22 Oliver Zono, 23 Luzuko Vulindlu
NHA TRANG, Vietnam — A peculiar strand of literature on North Korea has been published in recent years, with the authors drawing heavily on interviews with defectors. Sure, North Korea has been a horrific place with famine and prison camps, but these books reveal a single slice of North Korean society. And it's dangerous that they're taken so frequently at face value when they remain unverifiable.
The stories these authors tell are indeed heart-wrenching. Journalist Blaine Harding, formerly at the Washington Post, wrote a biography of Shin Dong Hyuk in the 2012 book "Escape from Camp 14." Shin was a famous defector born and raised into the brutal environment of a labor camp from where they later escaped.
Unfortunately, there's a big flaw. The defector initially presented their story differently from what they later told to the author. Harden acknowledges in their book that the defector lied to them about their experiences, but decided to believe them anyway.
For seven years, I made a living in the world's most closed off communist country as — of all careers there — a business person. Now living a comfortable life as an entrepreneur in Vietnam, I have all sorts of stories to tell that contradict these tales.
One of the most widely acclaimed works was Barbara Demick's 2010 book "Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea." They tell the stories of six different refugees who had lived through the hermit state's famine, known as the "Arduous March," during the 1990s, and who came from one of its poorest industrial cities, Chongjin. During the late 1990s, this city with no arable land was one of the most afflicted regions and witnessed mass starvation.
Bloomberg praised Demick's account of Nothing to Envy as a “superbly reported account of life in North Korea." That's a misnomer. The book is an oral history — not a marker of current events — and I would call it “superbly reported account of life in a single city, Chongjin, in the 1990s."
During the Cold War, Chongjin was a hub for steel, machinery and ship manufacturing and its port saw significant trade with the Soviet Union. I have visited numerous cities in North Korea, but no other city suffered such a massive industrial decline and ensuing mass unemployment after the Soviet collapse.
About six years after the six defectors suffered through food shortages, I visited Chongjin for the first time. Badly damaged infrastructures during the floods had been repaired, a number of withering and dilapidated factories had resumed operation after being abandoned, street markets had expanded and a good number of new buildings had been built.
Chongjin, no doubt, was still a poor and rugged city. But the residents told me that the 1990s had been the worst period in their lifetime — worse than the Korean War — and that the situation had improved considerably. Even the prolific North Korea historian Andrei Lankov wrote in Asia Times Online in September 2011 that:
... actually, from around 2002-2003, we have seen a steady but clear improvement in North Korea's economic situation. North Koreans are still malnourished, and likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. Nonetheless, they are not starving anymore — at least not in significant numbers.
There are other examples of blatant academic deception. In 2012, Stanford professor Adam Johnson wrote the novel "The Orphan Master's Son" set in North Korea, but included just about every negative generalization they could find on the country. So much for "insight": they claimed, in a blatant and poorly researched falsehood, that in North Korea "no one has read a book that's not propaganda for 60 years.”
Sure, propaganda abounds in North Korea, but patronizing literature like this doesn't give credit to the North Korean people where it's due. When I traveled around the countryside, school children narrated old Korean folktales to me, rather than regime propaganda. And my staff, along with all sorts of other North Koreans I've met, have read foreign books such as Alexandre Dumas's thriller "The Count of Monte Cristo" or Ernest Hemingway's "Men Without Women." Some of them could even recite lengthy passages from the works. At home and sometimes at their universities, they watched foreign movies like "Gone with the Wind" and "Titanic."
Journalist Melanie Kirkpatrick, a longtime member of the editorial board of The Wall Street Journal, published another North Korea book in September 2012 called "Escape From North Korea." They portray North Korea as a “hellhole" that is “rife with suffering and starvation.” The country, they added, “keeps its citizens in the dark ages." “Foreigners and foreign goods are kept out," was another tall claim of hers.
Had that been true, I would, of course, not have been able to sell foreign goods like mining equipment, foodstuffs, and medicine in North Korea. I once even met an unemployed steelworker who migrated from an industrial city to the countryside, where they began cultivating their own private plot on a slope. They proudly told me that their family now earns enough money so that, within two years, they could buy a motorbike. Even though that's not a sign of enormous wealth, it puts North Korea on par with other developing countries like Cambodia which have undertaken market reforms.
Had I told my friend that, in Kirkpatrick's words, North Koreans were “rife with suffering and starvation,” they would have felt insulted.
Felix Abt, a Swiss business person, lived and worked in Pyongyang for seven years. They helped found the Pyongyang Business School, the European Business Association of Pyongyang (a de facto Chamber of Commerce), and other ventures. They have visited seven out of nine provinces and more than two dozen cities in North Korea.
MIAMI, June 14 – The Miami HEAT announced today that they have re-signed guard Mario Chalmers. As per club policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
“It's great to have Mario back,” said HEAT President Pat Riley. “We're happy that they want to continue their career in Miami, he's one of our core players, and I believe they will have a great season.”
Chalmers, who has spent their entire six-year NBA career with the HEAT, has appeared in 439 career games (346 starts) and has averaged 8.6 points, 3.8 assists, 2.4 rebounds, 1.51 steals and 27.5 minutes while shooting 42.7 percent from the field, 37.3 percent from three-point range and 77.5 percent from the foul line. They rank among the HEAT's all-time leaders in steals (3rd), three-point field goals made (4th), three-point field goals attempted (4th), assists (5th), games played (8th), starts (9th), minutes played (9th), free throw percentage (11th), field goals attempted (13th), points scored (14th), field goals made (15th), double-figure scoring efforts (15th), three-point field goal percentage (15th) and defensive rebounds (15th). They also own the HEAT single-game record for steals (9 vs. Philadelphia on Nov. 5, 2008) and shares the franchise single-game record for three-point field goals made (10 at Sacramento on Jan. 12, 2013)
The 6'2”, 190-pound guard started each of the 73 games in which they appeared last season and averaged 9.8 points, 4.9 assists, 2.9 rebounds, 1.63 steals and 29.8 minutes while shooting 45.4 percent from the floor, 38.5 percent from three-point range and 74.2 percent from the free throw line. Chalmers, who set single-season career highs in field goal percentage, offensive rebounds and blocked shots during the 2013-14 season, ranked among the NBA leaders in steals per game (13th), assists per game (29th) and three-point field goal percentage (38th). They led the HEAT in three-point field goal percentage and steals per game and ranked second on the team in assists and total steals.
Additionally, Chalmers has appeared in 99 postseason games (73 starts) for Miami and has averaged 8.8 points, 3.2 assists, 2.5 rebounds, 1.19 steals and 29.1 minutes while shooting 42.9 percent from the floor, 35.7 percent from three-point range and 74.2 percent from the foul line. They currently rank among the HEAT's postseason all-time leaders in three-point field goals made (2nd), three-point field goals attempted (2nd), games played (3rd), assists (3rd), steals (3rd), minutes played (4th), field goals attempted (4th), points scored (5th), starts (5th), free throws made (6th), double-figure scoring games (tied-6th), field goals made (7th), free throws attempted (7th), defensive rebounds (7th) and total rebounds (8th).
Chronic pain affects 10 to 20 per cent of Albertans — more than diabetes, major depression or lung disease.
Dr. Gay Wardell, left, receiving the annual Outstanding Achievement award in 2015 from the Pain Society of Alberta. It was presented by Dr. Robert Hauptman. (Submitted)
The disease is estimated to cost the Canadian economy up to $60 billion a year in health-care costs and lost productivity. Yet there are no five-kilometre runs for chronic pain and no fundraisers for research into the often-misdiagnosed disease.
This week, CBC Calgary is exploring this disease online and on-air. We start with an interview with Dr. Gay Wardell, a Medicine Hat-based anaesthesiologist who has treated more people with pain than anyone in the province.
In May, the Chronic Pain Association of Canada presented Wardell with the Dr. Helen Hays Award for Excellence in Pain Management.
Q: What is chronic pain and how does it differ from acute pain?
Veterinarians get far more education on pain than physicians do. - Dr. Gay Wardell
A: Acute pain saves us from danger. Acute pain warns us, it nurtures us when we're injured and it goes away so we can function.
If that does not go away after the tissue heals, and when the pain goes on beyond the time of healing, the pain is no longer helpful, no longer useful, no longer nurturing, then it becomes chronic pain.
Chronic pain is useless pain.
Q: What causes chronic pain?
A: Almost all chronic pain is caused by the malfunction of the nervous system.
Nerves which are damaged and never recover completely and send signals back to that gray box inside our skull that knows nothing except what it gets from the outside.
For the first 10,000 years of civilization, pain was seen as a punishment from God. Then it was seen as a sign of psychological weakness. - Dr. Gay Wardell
If it gets signals from a malfunctioning nerve, a damaged nerve, it's going to — about one out of five times — convert that to a threat signal that says we are in pain and we can't stop that.
Chronic pain may start with an initial injury or there may be an ongoing cause of pain, as in foot pain caused by diabetes.
Some people suffer chronic pain without evidence of injury. Chronic pain is often divided into three categories — headache, neuromuscular skeletal (back pain, fibromyalgia, leg pain) and pelvic pain.
Q: How well do drugs work to combat chronic pain?
A: We do not have any effective drugs to treat chronic pain.
The brain is doing exactly what it's supposed to do. It's getting a signal that it doesn't like. Now if you then ask, 'How are we going to make the brain not respond?' — we can't block the signal otherwise we lose contact with the outside world.
We can't make the nerve new. There's only one thing we can do.
Chronic pain drugs make the brain stupid so it won't do what it's supposed to do. If it makes the brain too stupid, the side effects are so bad that people can't take it.
If it doesn't make the brain stupid enough, there's no benefit from the pain. So in reality, we don't have a drug to actually get rid of the signal that's causing the pain.
Q: How well are doctors educated to deal with pain?
A: Not very well. Out of the 117 accredited medical schools in North America, there are only five of those medical schools that have a credit course in pain.
Veterinarians get far more education on pain than physicians do.
The average physician only gets four to five hours of chronic pain training in their medical school. So at this point, the training is lacking.
Q: How have our attitudes towards pain changed over the years?
A: Pain is one of the most controversial things in society. For the first 10,000 years of civilization, pain was seen as a punishment from God.
Then it was seen as a sign of psychological weakness. During that time, pain was seen as something to be endured, something that would ultimately lead to salvation.
Now we are seeing a paradigm shift and starting to understand that this is a disease caused by problems in the nervous system. Sadly, we don't yet know how to fix the nerves.
It is a small world, isn't it? You are on holiday in the Pyrenees. You write a postcard to a friend at home and set off to post it. Then who should you meet but that same friend coming up the street. This not only saves you the cost of a stamp but it also provides a great holiday story – enough to make you think that something spooky is going on.
Similar coincidences happen all the time to someone, somewhere, making the plot-driving inventions of Charles Dickens seem almost plausible. Normally we statisticians deal with the dark underbelly of risk – accidents, deaths, disasters, general gloom and doom – but coincidences show the bright, fun side of the way chance plays out in our lives.
We should perhaps begin by exploring what exactly is a coincidence. It has been defined as a “surprising concurrence of events, perceived as meaningfully related, with no apparent causal connection”. Earlier this year, I invited people to submit examples of surprising concurrences to my website, and looking at over 3,000 of these extraordinary stories, it seems that they tend to fall into certain categories.
A chance event may be two things that happen at exactly the same time, for example, a parent and child whose letters to each other crossed after 37 years without contact. Or it could be meeting a familiar figure in some unexpected place, or finding some unexpected extra connection, such as the engaged couple who found they had been born in the same bed. Or it could feature objects: such as buying a second-hand picture frame in Zurich, and finding in its lining a 30-year-old newspaper cutting containing your own photograph as a child, or being on holiday in Portugal and finding a coat-hanger that belonged to your brother 40 years previously.
Forces at work
Why do these extraordinary events happen? Various strange forces have been put forward. Austrian biologist Paul Kammerer proposed that coincidences arise from a basic physical force, called “seriality”, though they dismissed as superstition any supernatural ideas that could, for example, link dreams to future events. In contrast, psychoanalyst Carl Jung revelled in paranormal ideas such as telepathy, collective unconscious and extra sensory perception, and coined the term “synchronicity” as a kind of mystical “acausal connecting principle” that not only explains physical coincidences but also` premonitions.
More mundane explanations are possible, though. First, some kind of hidden cause or common factor could be present – maybe you and a friend have both heard that the Pyrenees is a good place to go on holiday? Psychological studies have identified our unconscious capacity for heightened perception to a recently heard word or phrase, so that we notice when something on our mind immediately comes up in a song on the radio. And of course we only hear about the matches that do occur, not all the people you have spoken to with whom you had nothing in common, and indeed were pleased to get away from.
Simple chance can be a strange and unintuitive thing that throws up surprising concurrences more often than we might think, since truly random events tend to cluster – if you throw a bucket of balls on the floor they do not arrange themselves in a nice regular pattern. This produces some fairly brain-mangling results. For example, it only takes 23 people in a room to make it more likely than not that two have the same birthday.
Calculating coincidences
Don't believe me? There is some nice, fairly simple maths that allows you to work out how many people you need to have a good chance of a match for any characteristic. Suppose that any two people have a 1 in C chance of matching – for example, for an exact birthday match, C = 365. Then to have a 50% chance of a match in a group of N people, it turns out that N needs to be around 1.2 √C. For a birthday match, this means that we need around 1.2 √365 = 23 people.
For a better chance of a match, say 95%, we need to approximately double this number to 2.5 √C. So if we have N = 2.5 √365 = 48 people in a room, it is very likely indeed that two will have the same birthday.
This makes it easy to make money from people. Suppose you have 30 people together. Bet the group that two of them have a birthday within one day of each other. What are the chances you will win?
First consider the chance that any two people (say me and you) match in this way: if my birthday is August 16th (which it is), then a match would happen if you were born on the 15th, 16th, or 17th, which is 3 out of 365 days, or a 1 in 122 chance. So C = 122 in this case. This means that for a 50% chance of a match we only need 1.2 √122 = 13 people, and for a 95% chance we need 2.5 √122 = 28 people. In other words, with 30 people in a room you are almost certain to win.
Regardless of the number of people gathered together, you can make money off them provided they are a bit gullible, preferably drunk, and not good at probability. Suppose there are N = 50 people: and say we reverse the 95% chance equation N = 2.5 √C to give C = (N/2.5)2. This means that when N = 50, then C = 20 x 20 = 400.
So, get these 50 people to choose a number at random between 1 and 400, and bet them that they will not all choose different numbers. Even if they choose completely at random, there is a 95% chance there will be a match. And people tend to choose particular numbers anyway – avoiding those ending in a zero, preferring odd numbers and so on – increasing the chance of match. However, although you may make money, you may also lose friends.
Rare events
The final explanation for coincidences is what is called the law of truly large numbers, which says that anything remotely possible will eventually happen, if we wait long enough. Or to put it another way, even genuinely rare events will occur, given enough possibilities.
For any three people, say children in a family, there is a 1/365 x 1/365 = 1 in 135,000 chance of them all sharing the same birthday, and even more if there is some planning going on. This is clearly a rare event. But there are one million families in the UK with three children under 18, and so we should expect around eight families to have children with matching birthdays, and that new cases crop up around once a year. Which they do: new examples in the UK occurred on 29 January 2008, 5 February 2010 and 7 October 2010.
So given all this, it would be really strange if memorable coincidences did not happen to you. But this may be difficult to keep in mind when you are walking past a phone box, it rings, you decide to answer it, and you find the call is for you. When this happens to someone, they remember it for years.
But just think of all the people you have ever known. Then think of all the people that you have had some connection with, such as attending the same school, being friends of friends and so on. It will be tens of thousands. If you are the sort of person who talks to strangers, you will keep on finding connections. If you are not, then think: you might have sat on a train next to a long-lost family member, and never realized it.
If you would like to comment on this story, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
Meet Jellynote, a French startup that provides a new yet familiar experience for learning music. With Jellynote, you can find scores and see YouTube covers at the same time, create a songbook and suggest different versions. But the killer feature is a Guitar Hero-like mode that takes advantage of your microphone. It's like playing the video game, but with a real guitar — you can see in real time if you are playing the right note and follow your progress on the score.
“There are three key challenges when you learn to play a new instrument,” co-founder and CEO Baptiste Poirier told me in a phone interview. “You need to find content, learn how to read it and stay motivated.”
When you browse Jellynote's website, you instantly know this isn't your average score database with a bunch of zipped images thrown up on the Internet. And the team has a few tricks up its sleeve to make the experience better.
For instance, the startup worked on a .midi file conversion tool so that every score is a native page. After searching for an artist or song name like on Spotify, you can see the score and play the guitar, bass or piano part in your browser, change the tempo and more.
When it comes to cover videos, Jellynote analyzes the audio track and synchronizes it with the score in real time. This way, you can jump to a particular part of the score to see how they do it on video. And finally, in practice mode, learning a new song feels like beating a high score in Guitar Hero.
Jellynote is an interesting take on music learning for two reasons. It isn't a dumbed down step-by-step program — these courses usually don't work with impatient people. Yet, there are many little details that will make you come back to Jellynote and actually keep trying and practicing.
Jellynote is available on the web, Android and iOS. You can access the score database for free, but you will need to pay around $5 per month to access synchronized videos and the Guitar Hero mode.
When asked about music rights, Poirier told me that they would love to sign deals with publishers so that Jellynote could share the company's revenue with them. But for now, it seems like the service is still flying under content holders' radar.
[gallery ids="1133096,1133097,1133098,1133099,1133100,1133101,1133102,1133103,1133094,1133095"]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sue Lloyd-Roberts reports from Qatar
The 2022 Qatar World Cup is all about money.
Claims that millions of dollars were paid in bribes to secure the world's biggest football tournament for Qatar refuse to go away.
Qatar is spending more than £200bn ($312bn) on a building bonanza ahead of the tournament.
Everyone seems to be getting rich, except those at the bottom of the human supply chain, the migrant worker.
So what is the responsibility of the international companies awarded massive contracts in Qatar?
We have uncovered worrying testimony about pay, housing conditions and safety standards from foreign workers.
They include some employed by subcontractors working for one of Britain's biggest construction firms, Carillion, based in Wolverhampton.
At least eight stadiums are to be built and others will be refurbished for the World Cup.
We were refused permission to film construction at a stadium, so I booked a hotel room to get a look at what is said to be the largest construction site in the world - Msheireb.
It is in the centre of Doha, where there will be shopping malls, apartment blocks and rail links to the stadiums.
At 5am, horns blare and brakes screech as the buses with the day shift arrive.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Qatar and Russia were announced as World Cup hosts for 2022 and 2018 four years ago
The shift change is organised with military precision as one gang of workers put aside their tools and climb down the ladders.
Those on the day shift leave the buses in orderly lines, climb up to the recently abandoned positions and start work.
It looks impressive but when I get to talk to the workers, a different picture emerges.
Imran, a 32-year-old from Bangladesh, says they deeply regret coming to Qatar.
A recruitment agent promised them 1,500 Qatari riyal (£263) a month.
After they have paid for their food, phone and medical treatment for the asthma they say they have contracted since starting work on the dusty site, they have 650 QR a month.
Supporting family
They have to give half of that to the recruitment agency in Dhaka.
"I am supporting elderly parents, my wife and a child," they say.
"I can't send them the money they need.
"I don't want to stay here but I can't leave. The company have my passport."
They add: "We wake at 4 in the morning, get to work at about 6 and work until 5 in the evening.
"It takes an hour to get back to the camp.
"My room there isn't fit for humans - six of us share and there's no place even to sit and eat."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Qatar's national team have never reached the World Cup finals
On their safety helmet and safety pass, there is the name of Carillion.
Carillion says it uses 50 subcontractors in Qatar and that the company employing Imran provides labour to one of its subcontractors.
Carillion says it is "deeply concerned and surprised" by our findings and will be "conducting an immediate review of these claims to establish the position and take appropriate action".
The workers' camps lie between 10 and 20 miles from Doha centre.
We follow a bus that leads us to a camp used by another subcontractor company working for Carillion.
There are two Nepalis, two Indians and two Bangladeshis sitting on the floor eating.
Leg in plaster
No-one complains about the room in which are three bunk beds, but there are plenty of other complaints.
"I am telling you, sister, I did not get paid on time," says Rajiv.
"They would say that the company faced a loss on a project and so our salaries would be delayed."
The men say they get 750 QR a month and 200 QR extra for food.
Sanjay shows me a finger that was badly cut and mended crudely.
Although hired by subcontractor companies, these men have no doubt who they ultimately work for on site.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Fifa's decision to award Qatar the World Cup has been dogged by controversy
"I am working for Carillion. When I'm on the construction site, I don't get safety glasses or gloves," Sanjay says.
"My finger was nearly chopped off.
"I never got compensation for it, nor were my medical bills paid. I paid for the treatment myself."
Raju adds: "None of us get to keep our passports. I don't even know why."
There is a man in the room with a leg in plaster.
I turn to ask them how they got the injury when two men burst in, shouting.
Negative stories fear
They threaten to take the camera and yell at us, saying Carillion is their main customer and they are terrified that negative stories could damage their business.
We pretend to erase our material and they let us go.
Carillion says that "health and safety is at the very heart of our business, and practice on site follows standards that we apply in the UK".
It says subcontractors "must abide by Qatari labour law in respect of wages, living conditions and employment rights…. and we expect them to comply with Qatari law which prevents employers withholding workers' passports".
In another area of Qatar, the "Industrial Area", there are more camps for workers employed by a variety of local and international companies.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Qatar Foundation Stadium is among those to be built for 2022
There are more Western Union outlets down one street than I have seen anywhere else in the world.
Sending money home is what it is all about for most of the 1.5 million migrant workers in Qatar.
They come from countries with some of the poorest people in the world - Nepal, India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and the Philippines.
Late pay can be a disaster for families back home who might have to resort to crippling loans to survive.
But there is a worse kind of news.
"A lot of workers die because here in Qatar we are working on very tall buildings. Fifteen workers have died on the site I am working on."
Mahendra, 24 and from Nepal, tells me this as we chat alongside a makeshift football pitch in the desert sand.
1,000 deaths
More than 1,000 migrant workers have died since Qatar was awarded the World Cup in 2010.
Workers come off the pitch to give me their list of complaints.
A recurring one is the amount of money they have to give the recruitment agents who send them here.
"They gave me a contract for 18 months," says another Nepali, Kesang.
"When I got here, the pay was half what they promised me.
"I spent a year paying off the debt to the agent and was only able to send money back for the remaining six months."
Qatar has been sensitive to the criticisms levelled at it by groups like Amnesty International, which condemned the "callous indifference" to migrant workers.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Qatar 2022 is bringing in new regulations for stadium projects
The Emir Sheikh, Tamin bin Hamad Al Thani, has said they are "deeply hurt" by such accusations.
Their father, the previous emir, set up the Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development as a force for good for the country.
Ray Jureidini, a professor of ethics and migration, has been employed by it to offer recommendations.
They say Qatar's labour laws need urgent reform and that corruption and bribery at the recruitment level must be addressed.
They also say that international companies have a duty to get more involved and is critical of those which don't.
"They don't ask about the men supplied to them," they say.
"They feel they don't need to ask how the workers were recruited, whether they were trafficked, or whether they are caught in debt bondage or being exploited.
"I call this a corporate veil. It's as if the worker is not even there, is not on their books."
'Catalyst for change'
Farah Al Muftah has been appointed chairperson of the workers' welfare committee at the offices of the Qatar 2022.
They say: "As a Qatari, it hurts me when I see people being unfairly treated.
"There are people who say that, because of human rights abuses, we should take the World Cup away.
"I think that actually defeats the purpose.
"If the aim is to improve the conditions, then why would you take such a great opportunity, a catalyst for change, away from the country?
"That will actually harm the progress that is being made."
This week, they are announcing a review of new regulations governing living accommodation and working conditions for the 1,500 workers employed on the World Cup stadiums and directly related infrastructure.
The new regulations include offering workers canteens and on-site laundry services.
Image copyright AP Image caption Doha will host the 2019 World Athletics Championships
Critics would argue it is the Qatari labour laws that are the problem.
The hated "kafala" law ties a worker to the employer who gives them the job.
Whatever the grievance, a worker cannot change jobs or leave the country without an exit visa.
There is no minimum wage and workers are not allowed to form trade unions - 100 workers are currently facing deportation for daring to strike.
The abuses have been well documented by Amnesty International and others.
Sporting prizes
And yet, the sporting community keeps awarding Qatar its prizes.
Unless the decision is overturned at a review in March next year, Qatar will host the World Cup in 2022.
And, a few weeks ago, the emirate was awarded the 2019 World Athletics Championships.
Tens of thousands of migrant workers will be drafted in to complete what needs to be done before 2022.
The International Trade Union Confederation, which has been compiling the number of workers' deaths, estimates that 4,000 might die before the ribbon is cut on the final stadium - all for a football tournament.
MARCO LONGARI / AFP | (archive) This file photo taken on December 13, 2015 in Bangui, shows a Senegalese soldier from the MINUSCA, the United Nations mission in the Central African Republic, running for cover under heavy gunfire.
Eleven people were shot dead on Saturday in a camp for displaced people in the Central African Republic, the UN's MINUSCA mission said, days after 30 others were killed in fresh sectarian violence.
ADVERTISING Read more
"Eleven people were killed and about 10 others taken to hospital" after an unknown number of gunmen began shooting in the camp for internally displaced people in Ngakobo, 300 kilometres (180 miles) northeast of the capital Bangui, a statement said.
"Those responsible for these dreadful acts" have not been identified, the communiqué, in French, said.
MINUSCA, which has around 12,000 peacekeepers and police on the ground, "immediately took measures to reinforce its position around the displaced camp and to step up its patrols", it said.
On Wednesday, 30 people died and 57 others were wounded when fighters from a mainly-Muslim militia group attacked civilians and clashed with UN peacekeepers in the central town of Kaga Bandoro.
The fighters then attacked a camp for displaced people as well as NGO offices. UN troops from Burundi and Pakistan hit back to protect civilians, killing 12 of the assailants.
The week before, a dozen people died in the capital in fighting between Muslim forces and Christian vigilantes.
CAR plunged into chaos after the March 2013 ousting of long-serving president Francois Bozize by the northeastern Seleka rebel alliance -- triggering revenge attacks and a spiral of atrocities in which thousands were slaughtered.
The violence between rival militias, which later took on a sectarian element, displaced one in 10 of the country's 4.5 million people.
After two years of bloodshed, however, CAR had appeared to be returning to normal, holding peaceful elections early this year following a visit by the pope.
But despite the presence of thousands of UN peacekeepers and a few hundred remaining French troops, tensions remain high and tens of thousands of people are still displaced and in need of aid. Fears remain that the armed groups have not been disarmed.
(AFP)
A woman wanted for questioning in the fatal shooting of two Kissimmee police officers was found Sunday and interviewed by detectives.
Police had been looking for Maribel Gonzalez King for most of the day because they are known to frequent the McLaren Circle neighborhood in north Kissimmee where the shooting happened.
 They are not a suspect in the killing of Sgt. Richard “Sam” Howard and Officer Matthew Baxter, police said. They wouldn't disclose what they said or what relationship, if any, they have to the case.
As police continued to probe the deaths of two of their own, the man accused in the shooting, Everett Glenn Miller, faced a judge Sunday afternoon for the first time since their arrest Friday night.
Miller, 45, wearing an orange and white jail jumpsuit, was escorted into the courtroom for their first appearance by a pair of corrections officials.
The judge formally read them charges of premeditated first-degree murder, resisting arrest and carrying a concealed weapon. Miller is being held without bail at the Osceola County Jail.
They were arrested on suspicion of fatally shooting Kissimmee police Officer Matthew Baxter and Sgt. Richard “Sam” Howard.
Neither officer had a chance to shoot at Miller, Kissimmee police Chief Jeff O'Dell said.
Baxter was pronounced dead a short time later. Howard died Saturday at Osceola Regional Medical Center. Miller hasn't been arrested in their death, but a Kissimmee police spokesperson said additional charges will be filed.
In court, Miller spoke only to tell the judge their name and date of birth. As they were read their charges — premeditated first-degree murder in Baxter's killing, resisting arrest and carrying a concealed weapon — they nodded their head and looked at their public defender.
After about two minutes in front of the judge, corrections officials escorted Miller to the rear of the room, where they were locked in a cage. They met with their public defender there for about 45 minutes.
Screenshot via Orange-Osceola Circuit Court (Screenshot via Orange-Osceola Circuit Court)
Funeral arrangements for the two officers have not been confirmed, said Stacie Miller, a department spokesperson.
A prayer vigil was held at 3 p.m. Sunday at Hope Mission Church, 1431 Palmway St., near where Howard and Baxter were killed.
Baxter, a three-year department veteran, stopped Everett Miller minutes before their fatal encounter because they were in a group of three people the officer deemed “suspicious,” O'Dell said. The chief did not elaborate.
Howard, an Army veteran who was on the force for 10 years, came to assist Baxter.
Investigators are trying to determine what led to the shooting, but O'Dell said a “scuffle” may have broken out.
Afterward, Miller fled to the nearby Roscoe's Bar at 2344 N. Orange Blossom Trail, a longtime neighborhood watering hole, where Osceola County deputies found them at 11:30 p.m. Friday.
As deputies approached Miller, the 21-year Marine Corps veteran reached for their waistband, O'Dell said. They were tackled by a deputy and taken into custody.
Miller, who previously had no criminal record in Florida, was taken to the Osceola County Jail Saturday in Baxter's handcuffs.
The Osceola County Sheriff's Office recently took them into custody under Florida's Baker Act, which allows temporary involuntary commitment of mentally ill people thought to be dangerous to themselves or others. No details have been released.
The city has set up an account at SunTrust and says 100 percent of the money will be given to the families of the slain officers. Kissimmee police have shut down a scam GoFundMe account and endorse only the bank account. Contributions can be made at any SunTrust bank.
However, a GoFundMe vice president said in a tweet that a verified account exists for each of the officers.
Sentinel staff writers Bianca Padró Ocasio and Christal Hayes contributed to this report.
Have a news tip? You can call Ryan at 407-420-5002, email them at rygillespie@orlandosentinel.com, follow them on Twitter @byryangillespie and like their coverage on Facebook @byryangillespie.
»
CLIFTON, N.J. — Explaining the success of Greek diners to an interviewer 15 years ago, Alex Sgourdos talked about “kerdos” — profit — and family. “To show you're Greek, all you have to do is work 12 hours a day and have lots of relatives who like the business and work with you,” they said.
As they and their brothers-in-law turned the Tick Tock Diner into one of the most famous in a state known for its diners, they not only worked together shuttling burgers and homemade pie to customers, but they also vacationed together and raised their children and their children's children within blocks of one another.
Now, prosecutors say profit and family are behind the attempted murder of Mr. Sgourdos.
Their nephew, a manager at the diner, is charged with hiring a man to kill Mr. Sgourdos, with instructions to torture them first until they surrendered the combination to the diner's safe — and the money their nephew believed Mr. Sgourdos was hoarding.
“Not enough to satisfy yourself, to let everyone be happy, too,” the nephew, Georgios Spyropoulos, complained to a man they believed was a hired killer — actually an undercover state trooper — as they sat at the diner in March, according to the official arrest affidavit. “Out of nine families, the other eight suffer because of him.”
Faraday Future has gone through a lot lately. The electric car startup has struggled to get its factory project off the ground, lost executives, and seen its main investor — Chinese conglomerate LeEco — nosedive.
Now, the next victim of FF's financial woes could be its participation in Formula E. Multiple sources with knowledge of the situation, who spoke with The Verge on condition of anonymity, say that Faraday Future's involvement with the fledgling, all-electric racing series is on thin ice.
FF joined Formula E last summer, just before the start of the third season. It partnered with Dragon Racing, a team run by Jay Penske, the son of famed race team owner Roger Penske. The company slotted in alongside major auto manufacturers, competing monthly against the likes of Renault, Audi, and Jaguar. Much like them, FF hoped to get back two things from competing in the series: some technical learnings, and some good marketing opportunities.
But with the company scrambling to find new investment money, thanks to the trouble at LeEco (which is also involved in the sponsorship of the race team), Formula E might be one place where the company can save a little bit of cash.
“Where there is smoke there is fire.”
Keith Smout, the commercial director for Dragon Racing, said in an email to The Verge that FF and Dragon have a four-year contract, and that it's “in good standing.” But they also said the two sides “are discussing season 4 right now.” (Season 3 ended in July.) “Where there is smoke there is fire,” they wrote in a follow-up.
FF was much more upbeat about the relationship. “There have been no business decisions made on whether to pull out [of Formula E],” a spokesperson tells The Verge. The rep added that FF had engineers “on the ground in Spain this [past] weekend” testing for season 4, which starts in December. “On our end, and on Penske's end as well, the contract is in good standing, and both parties are honoring all their obligations within the contract.”
To be fair, this echoes what Penske said when I asked them about the relationship with FF at the Formula E race in Brooklyn last month:
The response that we've had from the team and the Faraday engineering side has been very good. You know, they've been active every week with us since really London of last year. So we haven't seen any change. We've had a great working relationship with their team.
But FF is behind on some payments to Penske, according to two sources, which mirrors accusations about how the company at large has not paid some of its suppliers. One high-level person inside Formula E, who asked not to be named, said that Penske is “frantically” looking for a new car company to partner with as the relationship strains behind the scenes.
Part of the problem, another source says, is that FF's lost some of the people who championed the involvement in motorsports the most. The biggest of those was Marco Mattiacci, who left the company back in December. Mattiacci was the team boss of Ferrari's Formula One team, in addition to being president and CEO of Ferrari North America and Ferrari Asia Pacific. The Formula E project was “his baby,” the source said.
Nate Schroeder, FF's head of motorsports, also left the company in July, according to their LinkedIn page. FF has confirmed their departure, but declined to comment further. (Schroder did not respond to multiple inquiries.)
FF has lost big supporters of the motorsports program
The biggest figure of support left is Nick Sampson, the company's senior VP of research, who's also served as the de facto face of FF. “We've always wanted to push the limit, that's part of the culture of Faraday, to push things to the limit to explore where the boundaries are,” Sampson told me last month at the Formula E race in Brooklyn. “Motorsports is a great place for doing that.”
But Sampson admitted that, while FF feels Formula E (and, recently, Pikes Peak as well) is a good arena for learning more about electric drivetrain technology in high-performance settings, there needs to be a return on that investment. Part of that equation is success in the series — something that eluded Faraday Future Dragon Racing this season, as it finished eighth out of 10 teams. Dragon had finished second and fourth in the first and second seasons, respectively, and so it's no surprise that Motorsport.com reported this week that “difficulties existed in many areas in general cohesiveness throughout the operation.”
Despite those troubles, Sampson was optimistic. “Like everything in life, you learn more from your mistakes and what goes wrong than your successes,” they said.
Got a tip for us? Use SecureDrop or Signal to securely send messages and files to The Verge without revealing your identity.
FF released a breakdown of the specs of its Formula E car last year that stated a price tag of around $350,000. Each team in the series has four cars, and there are also a dozen or so employees — engineers, mechanics, and communications staffers — that FF pays salaries. Spending in the low millions on Formula E isn't considered much of a financial risk or burden for most of the manufacturers that are involved. Because it's so new, the series limits the amount of development that can be done on the cars, so Formula E is a sliver as expensive as other motorsports like F1 or the World Endurance Championship. But most of those manufacturers are global operations with much more money to burn than FF, which only has one startup peer — Chinese company NIO (formerly NextEV) — in the sport.
Getting involved in Formula E might have been a defensible — and potentially even practical — decision for a young, hungry company that appeared to be on the rise. And FF has always had racing ambitions, evidenced by the outrageous (but completely static) supercar that the company unveiled during its first appearance at the 2016 Consumer Electronics Show.
FF is a company that, by all accounts, needs to carefully spend every bit of whatever money it can bring in right now. Withdrawing from Formula E could be another huge blow to morale, which is already wearing thin, according to current and former employees. The company has been vocal about its recent efforts to draw in as much as $1 billion in new investment money, too. But considering FF reportedly just used its own headquarters as collateral to secure a recent $14 million “rescue loan” to lease a factory in central California, Formula E might be the easiest corner to cut.
Photography by Sean O'Kane / The Verge
The United States men's national team have fallen two spots in the latest edition of the FIFA World Rankings. After being in a tie for No. 29 in May, the USA fell to No. 31.
Seeing as how the team hasn't played any meaningful matches since March, the likely cause for this is some negative results overtaking the positive ones at the back end of the window FIFA uses to compile their rankings.
Argentina and Belgium stay 1 and 2 this month, while the USMNT's opening match opponent for the Copa America, Colombia, have moved into the Top 3.
Chile (5), Brazil (7), and Uruguay (9) round out the Copa America participants in the Top 10.
Costa Rica and Paraguay, the USA's two other Group A opponents, are ranked 23 and 44 respectively.
Mexico is the highest ranked CONCACAF team, staying steady in the No. 16 spot of the rankings.
On the eve of the Copa America, the last rankings shows that CONCACAF and CONMEBOL are two strong federations heading towards a collision in a high quality international tournament.
Obama Family Africa Trip Most Expensive In HISTORY… Estimated Cost $60 to $100 Million
Guest Post by Mara Zebest
Not only is this the most expensive trip in presidential history (mentioned at the :40 second markers of below video), but also note that the video discusses all the cargo planes (accompanying Obama) as well as an interesting detail in which military jets will be doing a fly-over 24/7. Typically military jets are available and only fly-over when needed. But Obama wants 24/7 fly-over coverage.
Too bad that Obama didn't feel the same sense of urgency when our SEALs and American Ambassador needed security in Benghazi.
Both the Weekly Standard and WaPo are reporting on the following story:
When President Obama makes their first extended trip to sub-Saharan Africa this month, the federal agencies charged with keeping them safe won't be taking any chances.
Hundreds of U.S. Secret Service agents will be dispatched to secure facilities in Senegal, South Africa and Tanzania. A Navy aircraft carrier or amphibious ship, with a fully staffed medical trauma center, will be stationed offshore in case of an emergency.
Military cargo planes will airlift in 56 support vehicles, including 14 limousines and three trucks loaded with sheets of bulletproof glass to cover the windows of the hotels where the first family will stay. Fighter jets will fly in shifts, giving 24-hour coverage over the president's airspace, so they can intervene quickly if an errant plane gets too close. […]
Read more here.
Keep in mind that Government always underestimates the cost to the American Taxpayer. Thus, it would not surprise me if the trip exceeds the upper limits of current cost estimates.
Other questions that come to mind: What is in Africa that requires this trip (for the whole family)? No doubt, this trip will add to the deficit in which there will be a debt ceiling debate sooner than later. Will Boehner still eagerly jump on raising the debt limit so Obama is free to spend taxpayer money in this manner?
THE QUESTION
Is it illegal to record your conversations at work?
THE ANSWER
Story continues below advertisement
It is not illegal to record your own conversations with others, even if you do not have the other party's consent. These records can be used as evidence in a lawsuit. However, it is illegal to record conversations that you are not participating in, such as a meeting between your boss and a colleague that you did not attend. This is contrary to the Criminal Code of Canada and you could be charged with an offence.
THE QUESTION
I was recently laid off from my job at an insurance company. I was told the sales in my department were low and therefore they were closing my department of four people. I was given seven weeks of severance pay. I worked for the company for three years and four months. I don't believe that the severance package is just. However, I'm not sure what my next steps should be and how I should negotiate a better severance package.
THE ANSWER
Fair severance packages take into account your age, tenure, position and the availability of other jobs at your level. The older you are and the longer you worked for the company, the greater your severance entitlement. Courts also place a great deal of weight on precedents – past cases – regarding employees with similar job characteristics.
Whether you should negotiate to try to improve your package is a function of how good (or bad) your package is to begin with, and whether you feel comfortable asking for more. Generally, most of the terms in a severance package can be negotiated and improved – if done correctly – without much risk that asking for more will result in getting less than you were initially offered.
You can negotiate a package directly with the company by speaking with someone in charge or, if you are not comfortable acting on your own, then you should hire an agent or lawyer to do it for you.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
THE QUESTION
I am currently employed with a small company and still on my probationary period. I have been offered a job with a much bigger company; however there is a non-compete clause in my current contract that specifically mentions this company. I want to make sure that I will be okay to leave my current position.
THE ANSWER
There is a belief in Canada that employers cannot prevent you from working in your industry. That view is mistaken. If there is a properly drafted written agreement that provides for a short-term restriction working within a certain industry, or group of companies, a judge may very well enforce it.
The key is whether the written agreement guards the company for the least amount of time necessary to protect a legitimate business interest. If not, it will probably be set aside.
The only way to be sure about the strength of this particular clause is to have it reviewed by someone with experience in this area. Otherwise, you are just guessing and, in this context, that is a very bad idea.
Story continues below advertisement
Daniel A. Lublin is a partner at Whitten & Lublin, representing both employers and employees in workplace legal disputes.
E-mail: Dan@canadaemploymentlawyer.com
Have a question about careers, labour law or management? Send it to our panel of experts: careerquestion@globeandmail.com Your name and address will be kept confidential.
A vote last month that makes Californians among the highest-taxed residents in the country is sparking debate about whether the Democrat-back initiative will backfire, by forcing high-earners to join a long exodus from the cash-strapped state.
Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown successfully pushed the tax increase by suggesting that high-earners must shoulder the largest burden in bailing out the state, particularly its debt-ridden public school system.
However, high unemployment and government debt have already sent residents fleeing in large numbers – an estimated 225,000 annually for the past 10 years.
And the recently passed tax increase for individuals making more than $250,000 each year could further shrink the tax base for California, which for years has struggled with gaping deficits. The state, though, estimates the new hike will help close the deficit from a projected $16 billion shortfall earlier this year to roughly $1.9 billion by the end of fiscal 2013 next summer.
Much of the debate has raged among California advocacy groups and in the editorial pages of the state's biggest and most influential newspapers.
More On This... Spending large sums in state labor battles adds to unions' problem of losing members
“More is never enough for these people,” Kris Vosburgh, executive director of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Assoc., said about the Democrat-backed increase. “It's hard to believe people will not leave.”
Vosburgh said their group is not an advocate for the wealthy and argued the tax increase atop other bad economic factors – including high gas and sales taxes – also have small and large businesses packing.
“With high taxes and heavy regulations, it's just difficult to produce those widgets at a lower price than somebody in, say, Texas,” they told FoxNews.com on Tuesday.
Syndicated columnist Walter E. Williams wrote in The Orange County Register: “California politicians can fleece people in 2012, but there's no guarantee they can do the same in 2013 and later years. People can leave.”
Ex-Californians over the past decade have already put roughly $5.67 billion into Nevada's economy as well as $4.96 billion into Arizona and $4.07 billion in Texas, according to Manhattan Institute study titled “The Great California Exodus: A Closer Look.”
The September 2012 study -- based on data from the state and such federal agencies as the Internal Revenue Service – also argues that “chronic economic adversity,” including powerful unions, has driven away businesses.
The liberal-leaning think thank California Budget Project declined to talk about the issue but points to a study that concluded Hollywood executives, Silicon Valley entrepreneurs or other higher-earning Californians will not leave, based on the aftermath of a 2005 so-called “millionaires tax” increase.
Executive Director Chris Hoene told The Los Angeles Times that the Stanford Center of Poverty and Inequity study “dispels one of the most persistent myths about state tax policy.”
The California tax increases that passed in November, known as Proposition 30, are expected to generate at least an additional $6 billion annually – and lay claim to 2012 income.
The rate hikes range from 9.3 percent to 10.3 percent for individuals making $250,000 to 10.3 percent to 13.3 percent for those making at least $1 million annually.
In addition, the top state-federal tax rate for Californians in 2013 would climb to 52 percent should Washington fail to resolve the looming fiscal crisis and federal rates return to those from the Clinton-era, according to a recent study from Lynchburg College's School of Business and Economics, which takes into account tax increases related to ObamaCare.
Among the most likely places of exile would be neighboring Nevada, which has no state income tax.
Such an idea is not that far-fetched, considering California resident and pro golfer Tiger Woods famously took their millions to Florida, another of the seven U.S. states with no state income tax.
The tax increases from Proposition 30, which also included a sales-tax hike, expire after seven years, but it might be too late.
Dan Walthers, a columnist for The Sacramento Bee, said it's too early to tell but argued California-based Google is using an offshore address to avoid taxes on overseas income so “wouldn't Google millionaires also avoid state taxes on themselves if they could?”
Editor's Note: An earlier version of this article misstated California's latest deficit projections. The article has also been updated to clarify who is affected by the new tax increase.
1000 watchers? Dang! I feel so loved! So have something drawn in a new style.
Why this though? Well, I was reading the Journal of the Two Sisters the other day, (Insane read. A lot more brutal than I expected. Go read it when you can, I recommend it.) and this scene came up with Celestia facing a great dragon in the Crystal Empire, who had created the Crystal Heart, and decided to take it back for himself. Celestia responded with their anger transforming them to a form that utterly terrified the dragon to the point where they cowered and gave the Crystal Heart back to the degrading Empire.
The scene was described in Luna's words, with Celestia striking awe and fear in both them and the dragon with their flaming mane, glowing form and voice that trembled the earth, and it created probably one of the best visuals in my head. So I drew it. Hope you enjoy this 4K monstrosity!
*mumbling* now to remind myself not to put that much gold in a pic. Geez that took me forever...
And yeah, the book "Journal of the Two Sisters" was written by Amy Keating Rogers... Whether or not you want to regard it as "canon" is up to you, but personally, I like to say this was.
It was the hire that launched a thousand message board rants.
Article continues below ...
On the evening of Dec. 10, 2011, UCLA named Jim L. Mora its new head football coach.
The hire came after a 12-day search turned up “Thanks, but no thanks" responses from virtually all of the Bruins' perceived top candidates. Chris Petersen decided to stay in Boise. Al Golden elected to risk potential NCAA sanctions in Miami over a rebuild in Los Angeles. Kevin Sumlin interviewed, but ultimately ended up at Texas A&M.
Instead, UCLA was “stuck” with Jim Mora, who was best known for being fired from two separate NFL head coaching stops, and as someone whose only experience at the college level came in one year as a graduate assistant at Washington. That was in 1984, by the way.
At the time, the move was seen as a disastrous hire, for a long-forgotten college football power. It came at an especially turbulent time, when cross-town rival USC was coming off a 10-win season despite heavy NCAA sanctions, and after the Trojans had laid a 50-0 beat down on the Bruins weeks earlier.
Less than two years later, it's Mora who is getting the last laugh.
While USC spent the weekend firing its coach at LAX, it's the Bruins who are on the verge of a Top 10 ranking entering Thursday night's game at Utah (10 p.m. ET, Fox Sports 1). This after Mora's first year, which produced the second nine-win season at UCLA in the past 15 years.
Yes, these are high times in Westwood, and it's thanks in large part to Mora and their staff. The coach seen as a last-ditch candidate when they were hired has turned things around at UCLA.
And it happened almost immediately.
“When Coach Mora walked in that first day, they aren't talking about six wins or even going to the Rose Bowl,” former UCLA running back and current Green Bay Packer Johnathan Franklin said. “He was talking about winning a national championship. About being the best program in college football.”
Those words were all it took for Franklin to buy in. The running back had considered leaving for the NFL following their junior year but decided to stick around after hearing Mora's first locker-room speech. When Franklin did elect to stay, they quickly learned that Mora was ready to put their money where their mouth was.
As Franklin found out, playing for Jim Mora was hard. Really hard.
“That first spring,” Franklin said, pausing for emphasis. “Oh boy! That was the most physical spring I ever played. We hit every single chance we were allowed to. If you didn't hit somebody, they were going to hit you. Coach made sure of that.”
That toughness continued through the spring and into summer camp, as the team was forced to practice in the desert of San Bernardino, where temperatures routinely went well over 100 degrees.
It created a football hell, only accentuated by a physical isolation as well. There were no TVs and cell phones weren't allowed, meaning that the only interaction UCLA's players had been with each other.
It was furthered by Mora's decision to have players from all different background room and eat together. Freshmen sat with seniors. Defensive players shared dorm rooms with offensive ones.
A group of individuals became a team.
“All of a sudden that locker room was our locker room,” Franklin said. “Coach Mora established the tone, but we bought in.”
When the 2012 season began, the results were sudden and at times shocking. Franklin said that when they and their teammates took the field for their first few games, they had a sense of confidence due to the brutal spring and summer sessions.
For the first time in their career, Franklin felt that they were part of the physically and mentally superior team, regardless of who the Bruins lined up against.
It showed, as a program that had been labeled as “soft” for years had an edge to it. The change in culture was apparent not only to those in the locker room, but also those watching on TV. That included one of the school's most prominent alums.
“Watching last year, I remember thinking to myself, ‘This is a tough, physical team,'” former Super Bowl winning quarterback and ex-Bruins great Troy Aikman said. “I couldn't remember the last time I said that.”
Aikman's relationship with Mora dates back to the coach's two stints as an NFL head man, when the FOX broadcaster covered Mora's teams from the booth. Even then, Aikman saw leadership qualities in Mora that they knew would one day make them a successful head coach, even if it didn't happen immediately or at the professional level.
“He's a confident guy, but they communicate well,” Aikman said. “He's demanding, but they don't alienate guys.”
Having the opportunity to play for Mora, Franklin saw their coach's compassion up close and personal. While Mora is known in college football circles for their tough exterior, on the inside he's a guy who, according to Franklin, cares about their players and more than just in the context of winning football games. Mora has proven that to their players, by practicing what they preach off the field as well.
“He is a role model for what a man is,” Franklin said. “I look up to the way they treat their wife. I look up to the way they treat their kids. We know they want us to be successful and not just in football.”
Never was that compassion on better display than with the tragic passing of walk-on wide receiver Nick Pasquale on Sept. 8. It was a sudden event that shook both the UCLA community and football program especially hard. Days after the incident, ex-UCLA linebacker Brendon Ayanbadejo attended practice, where they said that Pasquale's presence could still be felt.
“Yes they were a walk-on, but you could feel the impact they had on the team,” Ayanbadejo said.
“What they brought was energy, excitement. They were always early. They were great on the scout team. Coach Mora was able to recognize you need guys like that.”
And “recognize” is exactly what Mora did the next weekend, when UCLA returned to the Rose Bowl for their first home game after the tragedy.
Mora and the UCLA athletic department honored Pasquale's family at halftime, but they also paid tribute to the fallen Bruin as well. UCLA broke the huddle on their first offensive play with 11 men, but then saw wide receiver Shaquelle Evans scamper to the sidelines before the snap. It left 10 men on the field, a tribute to the one they were missing.
“Wow,” Franklin said of their initial reaction to the gesture, which they watched from Green Bay. “It's said, but respect Coach Mora and their staff. Nick would have been really thankful.”
It's hard for Bruins fans not to feel optimistic with the trajectory of the program. With a win Thursday against Utah, the Bruins would be 4-0 and put themselves in an early position for a run at another Pac-12 South title. And while they're not yet national championship contenders — win upcoming road games at Oregon and Stanford, and that would change — they have created quite a buzz around town and gotten people talking about the program that don't normally do.
That includes plenty of ex-Bruins.
“I talk to a lot to my former teammates from college about how proud we are of them,” Aikman said. “It makes our experience as alums a bit more relevant.”
Ayanbadjo, who is currently spending their first fall back in Los Angeles after 14 straight as a professional, took things one step further.
“I've never been to a game,” they said. “I've never gotten to tailgate. I'm just excited to be around the program again.”
It's a sentiment that many around Los Angeles share.
Both for the local team and the coach that most never wanted.
Aaron Torres is a show writer for Fox Sports Live and contributor to FoxSports.com. Follow them on Twitter @Aaron_Torres.
EUGENE -- Oregon football coach Willie Taggart issued a big blow to the bedsheet industry on Monday.
Unlike their predecessor, as well as numerous other coaches across the Pac-12, the first-year Oregon head coach said they are not concerned about their signals on the sidelines being vulnerable to preying Arizona State eyes on Saturday.
"If they can pick up our signs and stop us from that, more power to them," Taggart said on Monday. "We're not concerned about that."
Arizona State head coach Todd Graham has been accused of stealing signs by several coaches over the years, most notably by Washington State head coach Mike Leach in 2016.
"I think they still steal signs, and we'll have to keep an eye on that," Leach said last season. "That is a very unsavory practice they have, so we'll have to do what we can to defend against it."
Graham responded by calling Leach's comments "chicken(expletive)."
They have in the past admitted to stealing signs, notably after Oregon's 2015 triple-overtime win over Arizona State, when former Oregon offensive coordinator Scott Frost said they believed Graham was trying to decipher whether or not the Ducks were calling run or pass plays.
"Do we steal signals? Yeah, we do," Graham told the Arizona Republic. "Do people steal our signals? Yeah (they) do."
Don't expect such fireworks on Saturday from Taggart, who said the Ducks mix up their signs enough where he's not worried.
"We have a lot of different signals, you never know who is live," they said. "We have a lot of guys moving and giving a lot of signals and every game there's someone different. You just never know."
This is sure to be a move that not only impacts the sheet industry, but also that of detergent and fabric softener companies across the country. A spokesperson from Downey declined to comment.*
The Ducks and Sun Devils kick off Saturday at 7 p.m. in Tempe.
-- Tyson Alger
talger@oregonian.com
@tysonalger
*That didn't happen.
The Kiss Cam is a time-honored tradition of American sporting events. During time outs and other stoppages of play, the stadium events team — having already scoured the crowd for a target — focuses the cameras on a couple and puts their picture on the scoreboard. The unstated goal of the Kiss Cam is to pick a couple which will elicit a reaction from the crowd — for example, during a 2012 USA Basketball game, the scoreboard operators featured President and Mrs. Obama, as seen above. Countless headlines of this Presidential kiss followed, and the raw video of the kiss, on the AP's YouTube channel here, has been viewed nearly two million times in the years since.
In most cases, though, an appearance on the Kiss Cam is hardly newsworthy. But like the Obama's kiss, David Horton's was an exception.
Horton was at a Cincinnati Reds game on May 7, 2003. Between innings, the Kiss Cam centered on Horton, then age 24, and their girlfriend. As the Cincinnati Enquirer explained, everything seemed to go smoothly: “As do most couples, Horton leaned in for a smooch, their lady reciprocated to the delight of the crowd, and then the camera operator searched for the next kissing candidates.” But there were a few problems that no one, least of all Horton, accounted for.
The first was that Horton was a convict. In 1999, they stabbed two men, earning themselves a four-year prison sentence. They only served two years of the sentence — they were granted parole in October of 2002. But didn't keep themselves out of trouble afterward. In March of 2003, just a few weeks before the Reds game, Horton was arrested for possessing and trafficking cocaine. Perhaps fearing that the cocaine charges would put them back in prison, especially given their previous time running afoul of the law, Horton decided to skip their court date. They were a fugitive — but, as it turns out, not a very good one.
Horton's parole officer didn't know of the convict's whereabouts. But like Horton, the parole officer enjoyed a baseball game now and again. Unfortunately for Horton, May 7, 2003, was one of the games the parole officer decided to attend. The officer saw Horton on the big screen, contacted a police officer at the stadium, and arrested Horton in their seat.
Horton was sentenced to four and a half years in prison — two on the drug charges and two and a half for the parole violation.
Bonus Fact : The Cincinnati Reds were originally founded in 1882 as the “Cincinnati Red Stockings,” a reference to the red socks they wore as part of their uniforms. In 1890, the team changes its nickname to the much shorter “Reds,” which has — mostly — withstood the test of time. There was one exception, though. In 1953, the team decided to change its name, in fear of being associated with communists. Starting in the 1954 season and continuing through the 1959 campaign, the team in Cincinnati was known as the “Redlegs.”
From the Archives : Save Ferris… and Juan: The story of a guy who went to a baseball game and in doing so, ended up avoiding a wrongful conviction.
Take the Quiz : Name all the words in Red's parole speech from The Shawshank Redemption.
There are few people who better embody the Republican Party's self-destructive implosion on immigration reform than Marco Rubio. The Florida Republican spent the first half of 2013 championing a comprehensive immigration reform bill and helped shepherd its passage through the Senate, and he's spent basically every moment since running away from that bill to wheedle their way back into the Tea Party's good graces.
Pulling off this ridiculous political contortion requires that Rubio indulge in some creative shading of the history of their doomed immigration bill, and that's precisely what they did on NPR this morning when explaining why the Senate bill stalled after passage.
Advertisement:
Morning Edition host Steve Inskeep asked Rubio if they envisioned any scenario in which immigration reform could pass, and Rubio said the only way it can happen “at any point in the next decade” is if it proceeds in three stages: secure the border; modernize the legal immigration system; and then do something about the immigrants already here. Then they turned to the Senate bill:
I've been through this now, I was involved in the effort, I warned during that effort that I didn't think it did enough on this first element, the security front. I was proven, unfortunately, right by the fact that it didn't move in the House. And I now believe that it's very clear that if we are ever going to move on immigration reform it will have to be in that sequence.
Listening to this, you may be asking yourself: If Rubio believed at the time that the security measures in the bill were insufficient, why did they end up voting for passage? Did they act against their better judgment?
Well, here's what happened. Rubio did warn that unless the border security provisions of the bill were beefed up, it would never make it through the House. “If we cannot secure the border, if we cannot take the necessary steps to earn our colleagues' trust, this will never become law,” Rubio said on Univision in early June 2013.
Shortly thereafter, Republican Sens. Bob Corker and John Hoeven introduced an amendment to toughen up the Senate bill's border security language, and it passed the Senate on June 26, 2013. After it was introduced, Rubio enthusiastically endorsed the Corker/Hoeven amendment, saying it made “real improvements” to the bill.
On June 26, 2013, Rubio gave a speech on the Senate floor defending the bill from what they said were misconceptions held by conservatives and Tea Partyers. When it came to border security, Rubio was unequivocal in their praise for the legislation, saying that it “mandates the most ambitious border and interior security measures in our nation's history.”
Advertisement:
That's the bit he's carefully leaving out when they say that they “warned” about the bill's security language. Yes, they did warn about it, and then an amendment was passed that satisfied their concerns completely. Rubio wasn't “proven right” on immigration reform – they underestimated the conservative opposition to reform legislation and now he's trying to reposition themselves as some sort of prophet.
Alicia Machado campaigning for Hillary Clinton on August 20 in Miami. Gustavo Caballero/Getty Images Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump unleashed a stream of tweets Friday morning attacking former Miss Universe Alicia Machado.
Trump said Machado "duped and used" Hillary Clinton, who mentioned the 1996 pageant winner near the end of Monday night's presidential debate to go after Trump.
Trump had called Machado "Miss Piggy" and "'Miss Housekeeping,' because they were Latina," Clinton said.
Since the debate, Trump surrogates and conservative-leaning publications have worked to discredit Machado, bringing up past allegations that they were a murder accomplice in Venezuela. They have also suggested that they appeared in a sex tape, a claim that was labeled "mostly false" by Snopes, the website that examines the validity of internet rumors.
"Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT!" Trump said in one of the tweets.
View the tweets below:
When confronted by CNN anchor Anderson Cooper over allegations that they drove a getaway car from a 1998 murder scene, Machado didn't deny the charges, instead saying they were "not a saint girl."
"You know, I have my past," they said. "Of course, everybody has a past. I'm not a saint girl. But that is not the point now."
Since Clinton brought up Machado in Monday's debate, Trump has continually defended their actions toward them
"I saved their job because they wanted to fire them for putting on so much weight," Trump told Fox News' Bill O'Reilly on Wednesday night. "They know what they're getting into — it's a beauty contest. And I said don't do that. Let them try and lose the weight."
Results from a controversial research project in which scientists created a pandemic strain of the deadly H5N1 bird flu virus in the lab were finally published on Thursday, after an eight-month delay while scientists and biosecurity officials debated how much of the information should be made public.
Scientists wanted to know what changes in the H5N1 virus, which cannot currently spread between people, were necessary for it to become transmissible through the air via coughs and sneezes. They genetically modified the wild H5N1 virus and found that it would only require mutations at five locations in its genome for a pandemic strain to emerge.
Ron Fouchier, professor of molecular virology in the department of virology at the Erasmus Medical Center in the Netherlands, led the team of scientists who created the virus. They genetically altered the wild H5N1 virus at three locations and then used it to infect ferrets – the standard model used to mimic flu in humans. As the virus spread between the animals by physical contact, it picked up additional mutations until, with only five mutations to differentiate it from the wild virus, it became airborne and able to spread via the kind of tiny droplets produced in a cough or sneeze.
The results of Fouchier's experiment are published today in Science.
Last month, Yoshihiro Kawaoka at the University of Wisconsin-Madison published details of another form of the bird flu virus that can pass between people, which was created by merging a mutated strain with the swine flu virus that sparked a human pandemic in 2009.
The publication of both Kawaoka and Fouchier's research had been delayed by several months after the US government's National Science Advisory Board for Biosecurity (NSABB) warned that the information should be censored to avoid being misused, for example by terrorists. Scientists argued that the research should be published in full so that they and public health authorities would be prepared with vaccines and public health protocols if the wild strain of H5N1 naturally mutated into a form that could easily spread between people.
Bird flu was first identified in poultry around 16 years ago and, in the rare instances when it infects people, can cause serious illness or death. It cannot currently spread between humans, but scientists wanted to find out how many genetic changes it would take for the virus to become airborne.
"Our main conclusion is that the H5N1 bird flu virus can acquire the ability of aerosol transmission between mammals, and we show that as little as five mutations, but certainly less than 10, are sufficient to make H5N1 virus airborne," said Prof Fouchier. When the virus had become airborne, however, it did not kill the infected ferrets.
Scientists had thought that, to start a pandemic, flu viruses would first have had to mix their genes with another virus in the animal host. But Fouchier's work showed that this "reassortment" process was not required for H5N1 to become airborne.
In an accompanying study in Science, Derek Smith, professor of infectious disease informatics at the University of Cambridge, used computer and mathematical models to work out whether the types of virus created by Fouchier and Kawaoka could ever occur naturally. Smith's team analysed surveillance data on avian H5N1 viruses from the past 15 years and found that two of the required five mutations from the modified viruses had already occurred in existing strains.
Their team also showed that it was possible for a virus to evolve the three remaining mutations in a single host. Evolving four or five extra mutations would be more difficult but Smith was unable to quantify that risk. "We now know that we're living on a fault line," said Smith. "What we have discovered in this working collaboration with Drs. Fouchier and Kawaoka is that it's an active fault line."
Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health, said the benefits of publishing the results of Fouchier's and Kawaoka's work outweighed the risks. "When you get out something into the general literature, you stimulate thoughts and input from people who at first glance you may not think would have an interest in it. So when it's out there in the general literature, anyone from x-ray crystallographers to structural biologists to physiologists to viral epidemiologists can get involved."
• This article was amended on 22 June 2012. The original referred to ferrets as rodents. This has been corrected.
Against Me! have finished tracking their upcoming album, Transgender Dysphoria Blues, according to frontwoman Laura Jane Grace.
Check out a tweet from Grace, below.
At the cost of a lot of friends and having probably ruined my life, finished tracking Transgender Dysphoria Blues. Love you @jimmyjames_b — Laura Jane Grace (@LauraJaneGrace) June 24, 2013
Earlier this month, the singer announced that the band had plans to record in San Francisco, and that Fat Mike (NOFX) and Atom Willard (Angels & Airwaves, The Offspring) would be joining the group for recording, on bass and drums, respectively.
As Grace noted in their tweet, recording Transgender Dysphoria Blues has been a tumultuous process. Over the past six months, Against Me! saw the departure of both drummer Jay Weinberg and bassist Andrew Sweard, and abruptly dropped off of a planned tour with Bad Religion. Faced with questions about the band's future, Grace went on record proclaiming the album “too important” not to release under the Against Me! name, despite the fact that they and James Bowman are the only remaining members.
Against Me! have been working on the album off and on since early 2012. It marks the band's first release to be both produced and engineered by Laura Jane Grace, and will also be the band's first record since Grace publicly came out as transgender, and began living as a woman, in 2012.
No release date is currently set, but the album is expected to arrive before the end of the year.
One line near the beginning of National Review's issue-wide blistering of Donald Trump revealed for me the subconscious motive behind the enterprise: "He and Bernie Sanders have shared more than funky outer-borough accents."
Ah, I thought, a dog whistle to the cognoscenti. The real problem with Donald is that they grew up in Queens, not Manhattan or Greenwich. They might have been "to the manor born," but it was the wrong manor. Ted Cruz missed their target. Those aren't "New York values." It's those tacky "outer-borough values."
Yes, I know the NR editors and their contributors dealt with many more substantive manners, some of which are of genuine concern, but that sentence, buried in a parenthesis in only the second paragraph of the lead editorial "Against Trump," said more to me of their feelings about Donald than everything else combined. He's vulgar. He's not one of us. Even more, they don't need us.
Now I don't mean to make enemies here. After all, we all want to be needed. And every single one of the contributors to the issue is quite smart and some are personal friends. Also, I have on occasion written for the online edition of the magazine myself and some years ago they published a favorable profile of me, for which I am grateful. But this attack was not only several bridges too far, it was a bridge to nowhere.
Many of their arguments revolve around whether Trump is a "true conservative." Instead of wading into the definitional weeds on that one -- as they say on the Internet, YMMV -- allow me to address the macro question of what the purpose of ideology actually is. For me, it is to provide a theoretical basis on which to act, a set of principles. But that's all it is. It's not a religion, although it can be mistaken for one (communism).
Ideology should function as a guide, not a faith, because in the real world you may have to violate it, when the rubber meets the road, as they say. For those of us in the punditocracy, the rubber rarely if ever meets the road. All we have is our theories. They are the road for us. If we're lucky, we're paid for them. In that case, we hardly ever vary them. It would be bad for business.
In a game as large as the open world RPG The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, comprehensive menus are a necessary evil. Though they may not be pretty, players need a way to easily manage items, review skills, and map out directions to their next dungeon crawls. The menus in Oblivion functioned, but they were essentially a cumbersome medieval equivalent to Excel documents. For the sequel, Bethesda is striving for a friendlier user interface.
Rather than refine the pre-existing menu system from Oblivion or Fallout 3, Bethesda decided to toss them on the scrap heap and develop a new, streamlined interface. Searching for inspiration, the team kept coming back to Apple, and for good reason. Over the last decade the company has revolutionized how consumers interact with software and hardware moreso than any other tech outfit.
”You know in iTunes when you look at all your music you get to flip through it and look at the covers and it becomes tangible?” game director Todd Howard asks. “One of our goals was 'What if Apple made a fantasy game? How would this look?' It's very good at getting through lots of data quickly, which is always a struggle with our stuff.”
Like in Oblivion, pressing the B or circle button opens up the menu system. Instead of returning you to the last page you visited as it did in Oblivion, Bethesda now presents you with a simple compass interface that offers four options.
Pressing right takes you to the inventory. The interface is a clean cascading menu system that separates items by type. Here players can browse through weapons, armor, and other items they gather during their travel. Instead of relegating players to looking at an item's name and stat attributes, each possession is a tangible three dimensional item with its own unique qualities. Thousands of items are fully rendered, and players can zoom in on or rotate each one. You can even get an up close view of the flowers and roots you pick for alchemy. “It becomes an interesting time sink,” Howard says. “You can look at and explore every single thing you pick up.”
Pressing left from the compass gives players access to the full list of magical items, complete with breakdowns of how the spells operate. As we mentioned in the Building Better Combat story, the world of Skyrim features over 85 spells, many of which can be used in a variety of ways.
In Oblivion, players could map eight items from their inventory onto the D-pad for easy access. Given the new two-handed approach to combat in Skyrim, Bethesda didn't want to limit players to eight items. Instead, pressing up on the D-pad pauses the action and pulls up a favorites menu. Anything from your spell library or item inventory can be “bookmarked” to the favorites menu with the press of a button. How many items appear on that menu is up to each player. Bethesda isn't placing a cap on the number of favorite items, so theoretically you could muck it up with every single item you own. Though you can choose how many items appear, you can't determine the order; items and spells are listed alphabetically.
Pressing down in the compass menu pulls the camera perspective backward to reveal a huge topographical map of Skyrim. Here players can zoom around to explore the mountain peaks, valley streams, and snowy tundras that populate the northern lands. Pulling the camera as far away as possible gives you a great respect for the size of the game world. From the map view players can manage quest icons, plan their travel route, or access fast travel.
Finally, pressing up in the compass menu turns your gaze up toward the heavens. In previous games, astrology played a large role in character creation. Though Skyrim abandons the class structure in favor of a "you are what you play" philosophy, Bethesda is preserving the player's ties to star signs.
Three prominent nebulae dominate the Skyrim heavens – the thief, the warrior, and the mage. Each of these represents one of the three master skill sets. Each nebula houses six constellations, each of which represents a skill. As in Oblivion, every player starts out with the ability to use all 18 skills – any player can use a two-handed weapon, try alchemy, or cast a destruction spell (provided you find or purchase one). As you use these skills in Skyrim, they will level up and contribute to driving your character's overall level higher.
Every time players rank up their overall level, they can choose a supplemental perk ability for one of the 18 skills. For instance, if you fight most of your battles with a mace, you may want to choose the perk that allows you to ignore armor while using the weapon. As in Fallout 3, several of the perks have their own leveling system as well, allowing you to choose them multiple times. Once you choose a perk, it lights up the corresponding star in the constellation, making it visible when looking up to the heavens while interacting in the world.
“When you glance to the sky after you've played the game for a while, what you're seeing in the sky is different than what somebody else is seeing based on the constellations,” Howard says.
To read more about all of the great details we extracted from Bethesda during our cover trip, visit the Skyrim hub by clicking below.
“If President Trump thought the Russian hacking investigation would just go away, their decision today has insured that it won't,” said presidential historian Timothy Naftali. | Getty Trump pulls from Nixon's playbook The president is the first since Watergate to fire an official in the middle of investigating potential misconduct by their own campaign.
On the evening of Saturday October 20, 1973, Federal Judge John Sirica sat in front of their television set watching FBI agents seal off the office of the Watergate special prosecutor Archibald Cox, who had just been fired at the command of the Nixon White House. The scene reminded them of a banana republic coup. “What the hell is this crowd doing?” they asked.
It's far too early to say whether President Donald Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey will have the same dire consequences for their political future as Richard Nixon's dismissal of Cox did for his. But not since that “Saturday Night Massacre” more than 40 years ago has a sitting president dared to fire an official in the middle of investigating potential misconduct by their own campaign. The risks of doing so are enormous.
Story Continued Below
“If President Trump thought the Russian hacking investigation would just go away, their decision today has insured that it won't,” said presidential historian Timothy Naftali. “It's going to make getting rid of those allegations so much harder. There's now a cloud of doubt.”
This is not the first time a president has fired the FBI director. Bill Clinton sacked William Sessions in 1993 amid allegations of alleged ethical misconduct – Sessions had used an FBI plane to visit their daughter, and had a home security system installed at government expense. But it is the first time a president has fired an FBI director who was probing possible misconduct by their own campaign aides or advisers – and on the recommendation of an attorney general who had already recused themselves from the same investigation.
“It's terrifying on so many levels,” said Michael Waldman, president of the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University Law School and a former chief speechwriter for Clinton. “This has every appearance of a cover-up, a possible act of obstruction of justice, just as much as Nixon firing Archibald Cox. That's the only comparable historical precedent I can think of.”
Trump's rationale for the firing – just days before Comey was to appear before the Senate intelligence committee -- was not entirely clear. Last fall, on the eve of the election, Trump praised Comey's re-opening of their investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of state. But a memo from Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein laid out a bill of particulars faulting Comey's handling of the Clinton investigation – both their initial decision to clear her, and their subsequent announcement that they were revisiting the issue.
In their own letter to Comey, Trump muddied the issue further by saying they greatly appreciated Comey's having informed him, “on three separate occasions,” that the president themselves was not under investigation, then adding that they concurred with the Department of Justice “that you are not able to effectively lead the bureau.”
That seemed to echo Nixon's self-serving insistence to their Attorney General Elliot Richardson that Cox should be fired in “the national interest.” Richardson and their deputy, William Ruckelshaus, both declined to dismiss Cox before Solicitor General Robert Bork eventually carried out Nixon's order. “Mr. President,” Richardson told Nixon, “it would seem we have a differing view of the national interest.”
“It's very Nixonian, in its own way,” said Nixon's former White House counsel John Dean, speaking of Trump's move. “But that's typical of the man. They're obviously trying the get the bureau back under the Department of Justice's control. But I don't think it'll affect the Russia investigation. You've got too many career people, and the counter-intelligence division – the cream of the crop – that will not take lightly to being messed with.”
Indeed, while the Democratic minority in Congress lacks subpoena power, there are any number of built-in institutional forces – including the FBI, the intelligence establishment and career prosecutors and lawyers scattered across the government that will all but assure the issue will not die – especially given how many of them will regard Trump's motives as suspect on their face.
Breaking News Alerts Get breaking news when it happens — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
“The rationale is transparently absurd,” Waldman said. “Does anyone actually believe that Trump fired Comey because Comey was unfair to Hillary Clinton during the campaign?”
A major question now is how Republicans on Capitol Hill will react to the firing. Already, some Democrats have called for the appointment of a special prosecutor to continue the investigation into whether anyone in the Trump campaign colluded with Russian interests to help sway the outcome of last November's election. At least one top Republican, Senator Charles Grassley, chairperson of the judiciary committee, supported the firing.
Forty-five years ago, Nixon's resistance to cooperating with the legal processes of the Watergate investigation helped turn the tide against them – even among some Republicans – and their last shreds of support collapsed in the face of taped evidence of their own involvement in the cover-up of the break-in at Democratic National Committee headquarters. It is far from certain in the hyper-partisan climate of today's Washington that Trump's fellow Republicans will be anywhere near so inclined to break ranks, despite the extraordinary nature of the Comey firing.
Then, too, there is the issue of whom Trump might nominate to succeed Comey. Who would take the job in such a moment, and who could possibly be confirmed by the Senate? If Comey's decision to make public statements about the Clinton case, even at the risk of influencing the outcome of the election, was a break with the non-partisan reputation that the FBI has worked hard to build up in the four decades since Watergate, Trump's firing of the director landed as an even bigger blow to that status.
And Trump would do well to remember another lesson from the Nixon years. In the wake of Cox's firing, the president's men recommended the appointment of a new special prosecutor, a Texan who had been a “Democrat for Nixon.” Their name was Leon Jaworski, and barely six weeks after their appointment, they secretly told the White House chief of staff Alexander Haig that Nixon had better hire a criminal lawyer. The reason: They had by then heard the tape of John Dean's March 21, 1973 conversation with Nixon, in which the lawyer told the president that there was a “cancer” on the presidency and they discussed how to cover it up.
Get Over It, GOP: Trump's the Nominee
A Commentary by Fran Coombs
Donald Trump carried the Nevada Republican caucus yesterday by a two-to-one margin over their nearest rival, Senator Marco Rubio. It was their third state win in a row after their narrow second-place finish in the initial Iowa caucus and strongly suggests that the most improbable presidential candidate in years is ready to “run the table” through the remaining primaries.
Trump appears ready to rewrite the rulebook of recent decades at the same time.
The Republican establishment, terrified of a Trump victory, still hopes to coalesce the anti-Trump vote around one candidate, so look for increasing pressure on Ohio Governor John Kasich in particular to drop out of the race in hopes that their voters will go to Rubio.
But those establishment hopes run aground if it's counting on supporters of Senator Ted Cruz and Dr. Ben Carson to follow suit: Those voters would appear to have a lot more in common with the angry billionaire business person from New York than with the sunshine candidacy of the first-year student senator from Florida.
After all, it doesn't appear from Rasmussen Reports' latest survey of the GOP race that the departure of the establishment's first choice, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, hurt Trump in any way.
The numbers taken just after Trump's big win in the South Carolina primary but just before Nevada voted shows Trump picking up five points to extend their lead to 15 points over Rubio - 36% to 21% - among Republican voters nationwide. Rubio's support didn't move from where it was at the beginning of the month. Other than Trump, Kasich was the other big gainer, doubling their level of support to 12%.
Kasich has been looking beyond South Carolina and Nevada to the slew of states that hold primaries in the first half of next month, hoping to stem Trump's progress there, but barring an unforeseen disaster on the New Yorker's part, that seems unlikely. It's perhaps a better time to begin considering the strength of a Trump/Kasich ticket with the former congressional leader helping “The Donald” calm the GOP establishment and enact their hard-charging agenda.
(Want a free daily e-mail update? If it's in the news, it's in our polls). Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook.
When Trump announced their candidacy in mid-June of last year, just 27% of Republicans said they were likely to end up as the 2016 GOP nominee. By comparison, 56% of Republicans considered Bush the likely nominee, leading the pack of GOP hopefuls.
Shortly after that as Trump began their remarkable rise in support, Rasmussen Reports initiated its weekly Trump Change survey. The most recent edition, released last Friday, found that 71% of Republicans now believe Trump is their party's likely nominee, and that was before their victories in South Carolina and Nevada. We'll update those numbers again on Friday.
Meanwhile, Bush has dropped out of the race.
The big-money PACs behind the Bush campaign plan to continue their primary mission of tearing Trump down and making a more acceptably “conservative” candidate like Rubio the nominee. This is indeed one of the bigger ironies of this race, that the billionaire business person who is essentially self-financing their campaign to avoid special interest money is the target of other wealthy business people because they won't play ball with their agendas.
It's hard, too, to believe that many of Trump's supporters - angry at the status quo and/or new to the electoral process - would switch their allegiance to a business-as-usual Republican candidate, suggesting that these big money interests are less interested in winning the election than they are in stopping Trump with their talk of a border wall and fewer giveaway international trade deals.
The national Republican party for decades now has been the nation's conservative political party, but with the changing voter demographics in the country, many have wondered if such a party can win with an aggressively conservative agenda on social issues in particular. It's interesting to note that while most GOP voters don't consider Trump a conservative, exit polls in South Carolina and Nevada show them winning among conservative and evangelical voters over more overtly conservative candidates.
Trump's likely Democratic rival for the presidency, Hillary Clinton, has had trouble so far wrapping up their party's traditional under-40 voter constituency, one it can usually claim thanks to the GOP's hardline on social issues. But Democrats haven't been able to pin that tail on Trump with their “New York values.” Interestingly, our latest survey of the GOP race finds Trump running strongest among voters under 40, a potentially worrisome development for Clinton.
Democrats have other worries, too, not the least of which is the very real possibility that their nominee could be indicted for mishandling top secret intelligence information.
The more immediate question, however, has moved far beyond whether Trump can win the Republican nomination. The question now is whether they can be stopped. Voters in a number of states will make that determination in the next two-and-a-half weeks. The airwaves nationwide will be filled with vicious anti-Trump Super PAC ads, but if the past is any indication, “The Donald” will ride that opposition like a surfer who's caught the perfect wave.
Fran Coombs is the managing editor of Rasmussen Reports.
See Other Political Commentaries .
See Other Commentaries by Fran Coombs .
Views expressed in this column are those of the author, not those of Rasmussen Reports. Comments about this content should be directed to the author at fran.coombs@rasmussenreports.com.
KOLKATA: Sub kuch bikta hai (Everything Sells). When OLX India, which claims to be the next generation of free online classifieds, adopted this slogan, those in charge of the portal may not have thought it would come to this.On October 26, somebody uploaded the photograph of a young woman in an advertisement and offered them for Rs 2,000. The name and telephone number of a contact person was also given.Captioned ‘22Years girl — Kolkata', the classified advertisement said: “I am Soumen Barui i am the ajent of the girl. If u interest enjoying this girl please contract me. please not on fake call.”When Barui was contacted on the telephone number published, they lost their cool initially and said that it was a wrong number. On being told that the caller wasn't interested whether they are actually an ‘ajent', they calmed down.“You don't know how many calls I have received since Sunday. People have been calling up and asking about some girl. Finally, I checked the internet and realized that somebody had played this prank on me. I don't know why somebody would want to cause me such distress. Finally, I lodged a complaint with the Bijpur police station in Kanchrapara. I realized that if I don't do so, I am liable to get into legal trouble. I shall visit the police station on Wednesday again and insist that the authorities try and find out who the prankster is,” Barui said.TOI got in touch with Amarjit Batra, country manager, OLX India, on Tuesday afternoon. They aren't even aware that something like this has taken place. Keeping the line on hold, they checked the site, and was taken aback by what they discovered.“We have filters. We have a dedicated team of people who go through advertisements. However, this is a very popular site and sometimes things like these do manage to get through. Thank you for informing us. We shall get this advertisement removed immediately,” they said.True to their word, the advertisement was removed within the next quarter of an hour. However, a check revealed that portals such as OLX are a happy hunting ground for pranksters and mischief-makers. No authentication is required to upload an advertisement and there are no checks.Batra admitted that there aren't any checks when advertisements are uploaded. “We are a free portal and it is much like the social networking sites that people use. We do go through the advertisements only after they have been uploaded. That is why we don't take any legal responsibility for whatever appears,” they added.
Egypt Scores Dead Last on Schools — And Egyptians Couldn't Care Less
"At least we're number one at something, even if it's from the bottom," quipped one of my friends in Cairo. We had just finished reading the recently issued World Economic Forum Global Competitiveness Report 2013-2014, which rates Egypt as the worst country in the world in the quality of primary education. The report is based on the WEF's Global Competitiveness Indicator, an aggregate of 114 indicators grouped under 12 categories of "drivers of productivity and prosperity," including institutions, financial markets, technological readiness, and health and education, among others.
Egypt is listed 118th overall, a full 11 places lower than last year. Egypt is at the bottom among almost all other countries in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region — far behind Qatar and the UAE, which are among the top 20 most competitive nations. It's even behind the rest of North Africa, including Morocco (77th), Tunisia (83rd), and Algeria (100th). Only Yemen ranks lower (145th).
Naturally there is more to the Egypt section of the report than the dismal statistics on elementary education, but that was the ranking that drew the most attention from the media and the public. Extremes, whether best or worst, have a particular appeal. And while every Egyptian knows that elementary education is rather abysmal, it was a shock to see just how low it scored compared to the rest of the developed, developing, and underdeveloped world. (The photo above shows children peering through a public school gate in Khosoos.)
Though this particular data point quickly became a matter of public conversation, most people have a standard reaction: they agree, lament the times, and shrug their shoulders.
There was no public statement or reaction from the Egyptian state — even though we well know that the government monitors such rankings closely in the event there might be something to brag about. But there's clearly no chance of that here, so they seem to have opted for silence instead.
Behind closed doors, however, some government officials could be heard casting aspersions on the report's methodology. And they're not necessarily wrong: the Competitiveness Report's methodology is far from perfect, relying on a mix of objective data gathered from international and local statistical sources as well on surveys the report's authors conduct within each country. The survey respondents are not experts in all of the fields they're asked about: topics can range from business facilities and primary education, to the risk of terrorism. So respondents are sharing their more-or-less-educated impressions. And while the sample is large enough to drown out any particularly biased opinion, it does not take into account the generalized demoralization of a country in crisis or an economic downturn, which would drive responses even farther below a more objective perception.
This is not to say that Egypt's elementary school system isn't terrible. But is it really the very worst on the planet? Actual data might paint a different picture. In the Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study (TIMSS) report, an international achievement test that allows comparison between countries and over time, Egypt ranked 38th out of 48 countries in the 2007 edition of the test, the last time Egyptian students participated.
Aside from the elementary education indicator, there are many other alarming areas where Egypt lands at the bottom of the rankings. Egypt also ranks in the bottom 10 percent of the planet in labor market efficiency, for example. This is a serious cause for concern. Egypt's poor rankings in areas like talent retention (or "brain drain"), where Egypt ranks 133rd, and redundancy and employment termination expenses, where it scores 136th, suggest that labor regulation will top any serious reformer's agenda.
Indeed, the report offers a few recommendations for change. Besides labor market reform (increased flexibility and efficiency), which is one obvious way of boosting employment, the report's authors point out how the country's relatively high fiscal deficit and public debt are weighing down on the macroeconomic environment. Yet Egypt continues to cling to its expansionary policies, accelerating borrowing even as it spends more and more. It's obvious that this can't go on indefinitely.
Underlying all of this is a climate of intense political instability and poor security, which undermines economic development and drastically affects Egypt's rankings. Here, understandably, the WEF has little advice to offer: continuing violence leaves dozens of victims every week, and the absence of any real local and international pressure means that it is unlikely to subside any time soon.
The curfew imposed by the military government since early July — which, incidentally, destroyed the summer tourist season — has not been making things easy for Egyptians. The national house arrest lasts six hours every night, and a full 11 hours on Fridays, the national day off. Meanwhile the Muslim Brotherhood has launched its "traffic paralysis" plan to block main roads and intersections. All of this angers people and disturbs their lives — not to mention their livelihoods. While nearly half the population has stated that the curfew affects their income, its effects go even deeper. "The effect of a curfew is mostly in the signaling value it gives," the World Bank chief economist for the MENA region, Shantayanan Devarajan, told me. "The fact that there is a need to put a curfew sends a negative message" to the rest of the world and international partners.
Just as the forced, self-deprecating laughs began to subside, the U.N. Sustainable Development Solutions Network (UNSDSN) published its World Happiness Report, which informed us — surprise — that Egyptians aren't enjoying life much these days. Egypt ranked 130th, well below Somaliland (100th), Iraq (105th), Burma (121th), and even the war-torn Democratic Republic of the Congo (117th). Of the 156 countries surveyed, Egypt also had the greatest fall in happiness levels year-to-year. The report points out that this loss is greater than a mere loss in income: "freedom to make key life choices" is an equally important factor.
This is freedom that Egyptians are not likely to gain any time soon. Improvements in happiness, just as in competitiveness, will have to wait.
Mohamed El Dahshan is the Egypt blogger for Transitions. Read the rest of their posts here.
We've seen The Crew in action in the pages of Black Panther, but perhaps you weren't aware of the extensive history of this group of heroes… Your Major Spoilers review of Black Panther And The Crew #1 awaits!
BLACK PANTHER AND THE CREW #1
Writer: Ta-Nehisi Coates
Penciler: Butch Guice
Inker: Scott Hann
Colorist: Dan Brown
Letterer: VC's Joe Sabino
Editor: Wil Moss
Publisher: Marvel Comics
Cover Price: $3.99
Previously in Black Panther And The Crew: “The Crew is a team of superheroes that has come together specifically to deal with problems that afflict the community the come from or have come to be allied with. Recently, they helped Black Panther stop a wave of suicide bombers in Wakanda, but that wasn't the first time the team came together. The origin of The Crew begins in the streets of Harlem…”
UNSEEN HISTORY
This issue begins with a flashback and death: In 1957, we meet a young man named Ezra Keith, who has ties of an as-yet-unrevealed nature to The Crusade, a group of black superhumans who protected Harlem from organized crime, especially that of the Manfredi family. (I'm assuming this is a reference to Silvio Manfredi, Silvermane, and their various followers throughout Marvel history.) Cutting to the present, Ezra is found dead in a jail cell, leading the city to erupt in protest, with spots of violence here and there, getting Misty Knight involved. Thanks to a mysterious friend, they meet with Ezra's family, finding that there is reason to believe that their death may be more than it seems. The identity of their friend is kept under wraps until a contingent of robot Americops arrives, trying to subdue them and Misty, leading them to reveal their identity as Storm! As the issue ends, Misty (who has been unwilling to get involved) is finally dragged into the investigation for real…
I'LL READ MORE JUST FOR MISTY KNIGHT
Misty is our point-of-view character and narrator, and I really enjoy their characterization here. As a long-time police officer, they are wary of taking sides, but she's also practical and smart, and their no-nonsense interactions are the highlight of the issue. I also enjoy Guice's down-to-earth take on the art, really making the street-level nature of the story feel authentic, although their 50's superhumans are somewhat pedestrian in their design. The ties to that previous era (and to the previous miniseries featuring a team called The Crew) really build on the idea that there is a secret history of black superhumans that just hasn't been recorded, a proposition that has become more and more difficult in the retcon-crazy modern Marvel Universe. Best of all, this series promises more of Manifold, one of the most under-utilized part of Johnathan Hickman's Avengers run from a couple of years ago, which has me excited to see what the creative team has in store.
THE BOTTOM LINE: CLEVER SLOW-BURN WORLD-BUILDING
In short, Black Panther And The Crew #1 hits a lot of strong notes, the art is well-crafted, and it's compelling enough to get past the fact that the title character doesn't appear, nor do most of the heroes mentioned on the opening “What Has Come Before” page, leaving the book with a well-deserved 4 out of 5 stars overall. Given how good Coates' Black Panther has been and the sheer number of cool characters that I want more of, this issue is something of a no-brainer for me, tying into modern Marvel's zeitgeist while revealing truly intriguing bets of history that we have never seen before….
Dear Spoilerite, At Major Spoilers, we strive to create original content that you find interesting and entertaining. Producing, writing, recording, editing, and researching requires significant resources. We pay writers, podcast hosts, and other staff members who work tirelessly to provide you with insights into the comic book, gaming, and pop culture industries. Help us keep MajorSpoilers.com strong. Become a Patron (and our superhero) today.
Black Panther Luke Cage Manifold marvel comics Misty Knight Review Storm The Crew At Major Spoilers, we strive to create original content that you find interesting and entertaining. Producing, writing, recording, editing, and researching requires significant resources. We pay writers, podcast hosts, and other staff members who work tirelessly to provide you with insights into the comic book, gaming, and pop culture industries. Help us keep MajorSpoilers.com strong. Become a Patron (and our superhero) today.
[taq_review]
Florida's District Six Medical Examiner has completed Rich Piana's autopsy (read the full report at MuckRock). Here's what got reported:
an enlarged heart (and “significant heart disease”) mild coronary atherosclerosis (plaque buildup on the artery walls) fatty liver congested thyroid congested kidneys discolored kidneys ischemic brain tissue (i.e. brain tissue that had lost blood supply) necrotic brain tissue (i.e. dead cells) brain edema (swelling) ascites (accumulation of protein-containing fluid in the abdomen)
In addition, by far the lengthiest part of the autopsy's notes concerned their lungs, which were filled with fluid and swollen (bronchopneumonia pleural effusion wih edema), showed apparent fat emboli and micro-abscesses, plus displayed both acute and chronic inflammatory cells.
No cause or manner of death is given.
And it would be nearly impossible to determine cause of death with any certainty, as a result of Piana's severe heart disease and admitted (performance enhancing) drug use — plus the fact that they survived in a coma for 18 days in the hospital.
No toxicology tests were administered because the hospital discarded the specimens, despite an explicit request that they be retained.
Hello there! If you are new here, you might want to subscribe to the RSS feed for updates on this topic.
It turned out pretty cute, if I do say so myself.
So cute that I thought — what the heck, let's share it with parents who could use it too. Click the graphic or the button below it, then right-click and “Save Image As” to download it to your computer.
What did I do, you ask?
I simply printed it out with multiple copies per sheet at the size I wanted, and my son and I will work together to write in each of their classmates' names and sign their own name.
Should be fun. 🙂
Enjoy!
And if you like this or know people who would, please share it with the buttons over there on the left hand side. 🙂
As they drove back, Karageorge sounded defeated. That was it, they said; their relationship was probably over. Jordan tried consoling him, but it did not seem to help. At home, they said good night, and Jordan retired to their room and went to sleep.
In the living room, Karageorge retold the story to Mark Martin, another roommate. Martin tried comforting Karageorge, too, but Martin had never seen them like this. Karageorge was not acting angry or upset or aggressive. They sounded depressed.
Karageorge excused himself, went to their room and emerged wearing black pants and a black hoodie, their hands stuffed in its pouch. They said they were going to see their girlfriend. Later, the police matched the pistol that Karageorge had with them in the Dumpster to the one they had kept in the case in their room.
“I'll see you, Mark,” Karageorge said, walking out the door.
Emotional Pleas
That was the last time anyone saw Karageorge alive. They had been texting their girlfriend all night, and around the time they left the apartment, they sent them a series of emotional messages.
“i nvr felt this dark.”
“bc i got nothing eles”
“i am gonna kill myself”
“i deserve to die anyways”
“all-time low”
Then Karageorge reached out to those closest to him, opening up about the pain they were experiencing in their head in a way they never had before and saying theirs goodbyes.
“man im breakin my head isnt right,” they texted Webber around 1:25 a.m.
Webber was asleep at home. They were still sleeping when Karageorge sent them another message about five minutes later: “love u man.”
Comparisons between today's financial crisis and the 1930s are looking less strained by the day. So what better to lighten the tension than to revive everybody's favourite Depression-era board game, Monopoly?
Three reasons why Monopoly is the perfect symbol of the financial crisis…
Loose money. Monopoly games start swimming in money, which is briefly mopped up as the players buy everything in sight. But then money starts to flood the system again, courtesy of the mysterious Banker who hands out cash to everyone who passes “Go”. The game is one big property boom, funded by an overly generous central banker – a diagnosis many economists would also apply to the sub-prime crisis. Alan Greenspan, the Fed chairperson who presided over the boom, was nine when Monopoly was widely published. It is not known whether they played the game as a child, but they seem to have taken inspiration from it somehow.
Vague and constantly-changing rules. Most enterprising kids treat Monopoly the way enterprising investment bankers treat the financial system, quickly making up their own rules and striking side-deals insuring each other against catastrophe. These side-deals now add up to a nerve-wracking $596 trillion, more than forty times the size of the US economy.
Monopoly's rules on buying unwanted assets at auction are disturbingly vague – the Banker is simply empowered to run the auction. Perhaps Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson, who now has $700bn to spend in a similarly vague set of auctions, is also a Monopoly fan.
The endgame. For all Monopoly's merits, fans complain about the way it tends to end in a slow capitulation, one player after another dropping out as ever greater sums of money slosh around unpredictably between an ever smaller group of people. Remind you of anything?
…and three reasons why Monopoly led us all astray.
Instant mortgages. Any Monopoly property can be instantly re-mortgaged to raise cash. The bank never refuses, and never frets about illiquidity or negative equity. The world of 2006 looked much like the world of Monopoly in that respect, but it is no longer quite so easy to persuade banks to hand out mortgages.
Indestructible banker. Monopoly's rules note that the Banker cannot go bankrupt; they grant them the power to issue as much money as necessary “in the form of IOUs written on ordinary paper”. Sometimes the banks behaved as though that rule applied to them. It didn't.
Unknown unknowns. Monopoly is a game of risk-taking, but a game in which the risks can be precisely calculated. Monopoly's dice rolls are known unknowns, and skilled Monopoly players know the risks of landing on any square and take them into account when crafting their strategies (hint: buy the Orange properties). The wizards of Wall Street have to deal in unknown unknowns. As they crafted their credit derivatives, they thought that they understood the risk of a loss in the same way that a Monopoly player knows the risk of throwing three doubles in a row. They didn't. They never will.
Tim Harford is a Financial Times columnist and author of “The Logic of Life: The rational economics of an irrational world”.
A new preview from Nintendo Life contains a bunch of fresh details about Yoshi's Woolly World. We've rounded up the information below.
– Traditional health bar
– Yoshi takes damage as you'd expect them to
– Recover health by collecting hearts that are like the jumping star collectables from previous Yoshi games
– Yoshi's tongue is the main method of taking down enemies
– Yoshi unravels them and turns them into balls of wool
– Use eggs to bind larger enemies made of materials other than wool, create warp pipes, boxes, platforms, and many other parts of the world to help Yoshi achieve their goal
– Uncover hidden areas simply by unraveling them via a loose bow
– Doing so reveals secret passageways or hidden items
– The game has dozens of hidden items
– This includes Flowers, new items such as Beads that have replaced the traditional coins, Stamp Patches that are hidden within certain Beads, and Wonder Wools
– Flowers: allow you to achieve 100% in a stage and access a mini-game to garner more Beads
– Beads are used as a generic currency and can be used to buy special badges that can assist you in a level
– Stamp Patches: used to unlock Stamps to use on Miiverse once a certain amount have been collected
– Wonder Wools: collect all five in a level to unlock a new Yoshi design to use throughout any and every level should you so desire
– Designs include Flower Yoshi, Circus Yoshi, one that's based upon the Shy Guy enemy
– Yoshi has different transformations: umbrella, a mole, a giant version of himself, and a motorbike
– Transformations happen a few times in each world
– They task you with reaching a goal within a certain time limit, or face having to restart it all again
– Mellow Mode: control Winged Yoshi whose Flutter Jump is replaced by the ability to float at Yoshi's current height indefinitely
– Still take damage in Mellow Mode
– Can still fail in this mode as well
– Can have a friend join in the fun as a second Yoshi
– If you run out of wool in multiplayer, one Yoshi can be used as a short-range substitute
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
The Pittsburgh Steelers must decide whether or not Ben Roethlisberger is healthy enough to start under center against the Arizona Cardinals on Sunday.
Wideout Markus Wheaton knows what decision they would make.
"Man, I would hope so, but, honestly, I couldn't call it," Wheaton said on NFL HQ, when asked if Big Ben will play.
After watching Roethlisberger return from their sprained MCL to participate in 7-on-7 work during Wednesday's practice, Wheaton told the gang: "He looked good. They looked good. Looked like they hadn't missed a beat, honestly."
While calling Mike Vick an "even-keeled" and "wily vet," it's clear that Wheaton and the rest of this offense miss their starter. After Roethlisberger threw for an average of 349.5 yards over the first two games of the year, Vick has averaged just 145 yards passing over Pittsbirgh's last two tilts. The Steelers are a shadow of themselves with Vick at the controls.
Roethlisberger's arm looked sharp Wednesday, but that isn't the issue: Big Ben acknowledged that they need to display lateral ability before suiting up on Sunday against a live opponent.
Thursday's practice will tell us more about Roethlisberger's chances to face the Cardinals, a 4-1 team helmed by their close friend and former play-caller, Bruce Arians. Asking Vick to take down this NFC powerhouse is a bridge too far for the 3-2 Steelers.
After dealing with a hellish heat wave over the last couple of weeks, Angelenos woke up this morning to some muggy and rainy weather. While the rainfall is some sweet relief on our parched earth (hello drought), it also brought with it crazy floods, a horrid morning commute, and some much-needed rescuing in the L.A. River.
The rain was brought in from a low-pressure system that was full of moisture from the former tropical cyclone Linda. The rainfall was so strong that it even set a record in downtown L.A. for today, according to City News Service. In downtown, there was 2.6 inches of rainfall, and 2.26 inches in Culver City as of 8 a.m.
Unfortunately, the rainfall won't be helping out our lack of water situation very much—womp womp. The L.A. Times reports that between 80% and 90% of the rain in the Southland ends up in storm drains that head out to the ocean. In addition:
Locally, rain collects in one of 14 reservoirs in the mountains and is held for later use. At the same time, water in the system is shunted to sunken basins called "spreading grounds," where it slowly seeps into the ground and replenishes the local aquifer. About 38% of the county's water comes from local groundwater sources, according to a recent UCLA study.
Since we hadn't had rain in so long, the National Weather Service released a statement warning drivers on the road that the buildup of oil on the roads could cause for some slippery driving conditions. The driver of a McDonald's big rig found out the hard way today when the truck overturned on the 210 Freeway in Pasadena. Melted dairy products were seen leaking out of the truck. Just moments before, another truck jack-knifed on the 210 and 134 freeways split around 3:26 a.m. Other big rig drivers told CBS Los Angeles that part of the freeway was known for being dangerous to drive on after it rained because of the oil slicks. California Highway Patrol Officer Ryan Bejar told the San Gabriel Valley Tribune that while they're still investigating the cause of the crashes, the trucks going at an unsafe speed during the rainy weather was a contributing factor.
They're making progress removing this overturned McDonald's trailer off the westbound 210 in Pasadena. #notLovin'it pic.twitter.com/uJiPIxM8FE — eric spillman (@ericspillman) September 15, 2015
Firefighters had to rescue three people and dog from the swiftly-moving waters in the L.A. River over in Atwater Village and near Cypress Park.
#LARiver #SwiftWaterRescue #LARain #lafdpix by Eric French (4/4) A video posted by LAFD (@losangelesfiredepartment) on Sep 15, 2015 at 9:55am PDT
Here's a video of the L.A. River flowing with a huge stream of water, something you don't see all the time:
The LA River w/actual water ☁️💦☔️👏🏼 #LAriver #atwatervillage #losangeles #drought #LArain #hurryupelniño A video posted by Sid Lewis (@go4sid) on Sep 15, 2015 at 9:00am PDT
The rain also led to some gnarly flooding throughout the city. Over 100 residents at a West Hollywood assisted living apartment complex located on the 800 block of West Knoll Drive had to be evacuated after rain came pouring through the roof, CBS Los Angeles reports. The three-story building had major flooding through the second and third floors of the building. Paramedics had to take one man to the hospital after they complained of chest pains, but there weren't any other reported injuries.
Flooding this am in WeHo. 3-story apt. bldg. evacuated. #knollic pic.twitter.com/BEoTwvy572 — LA County Fire Div 7 (@LACoFD_DivVII) September 15, 2015
Here are some more wild photos and videos of the floods, mud slides, and falling trees affecting the Southland:
And just how are Angelenos handling all of this rain? Well...
Even though 100-degree heat won't keep hikers away from Runyon Canyon, apparently rain will:
Share. Come watch an hour of footage for one of the biggest 3DS games this year. Come watch an hour of footage for one of the biggest 3DS games this year.
Welcome Smashers! This week, IGN Live has a special show just for you. Join us for a one-hour livestream of the new Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS.
Exit Theatre Mode
Tune in on Friday, September 12 at 2PM PT, 5PM ET, 10 PM BST, and Saturday, September 13 at 7 AM AEST. The video feed will be embedded into this page, so bookmark it. We'll be joined by special guest commentator, Kris "Toph" Aldenderfer.
Smash Bros. is an amazing collection of Nintendo history disguised as a four-player brawler. The latest installment promises a great cast of characters from your favorite Nintendo games along with newcomers like Pac-Man, Palutena, Shulk, and more. But that's not all. Creator Masahiro Sakurai has shared tons of info for both Wii U and 3DS versions. Check out IGN's Smash wiki for a full recap in case you've missed anything.
We've put together a fantastic program for you, so make sure to tune in and check it out.
About Our Guest Commentator
Kris Aldenderfer (aka Toph) is a competitive Smash Bros. player and commentator. They started their competitive career in 2008 and has lived in several different places including Washington, Hawaii, Japan, and California. Toph made their commentary debut at the Norcal Regionals in Sunnyvale, where they covered Super Smash Bros. Melee's Top 8 alongside Bobby “Scar” Scarnewman.
This year, Toph attended Nintendo's Smash Bros. Invitational at E3 2014 and also provided commentary for the first Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS tournament at San Diego Comic-Con.  They are a proud member of the Melee It On Me team -- a community site and biweekly podcast that is dedicated to fostering the growth of the Smash community. You can follow them on Twitter at @toph_bbq.
Jose Otero is an Associate Editor at IGN and host of Nintendo Voice Chat. You can follow them on Twitter.
Need a wrap? Taco shell? Breakfast burrito? Calzone pocket? With this quick and versatile cauliflower “tortilla,” you've got an all-in-one shell to fill with whatever you like. Give your imagination free range and enjoy experimenting: you can even add some spices to the crust itself to match whatever you're filling it with. Try chili powder if you like it spicy, or what about cumin to go with an Indian-inspired recipe? Maybe oregano if you're having Italian?
If you're going for taco shells, the quantities in the recipe will make about 6 tortillas. They come out solid enough to hold a lot of filling, but soft and flexible enough to bend into wraps. If you're cooking for a family, you might want to double the quantity, because they do come out pretty small and you definitely don't want to run out!
A lot of Paleo bread replacements are made with nut flour, but this recipe is completely flourless and nut-free, so anyone can enjoy it. In fact, unlike most Paleo “treats,” this one would even be healthy to eat every day if you wanted to; the only ingredients are vegetables, eggs, and spices, so there's really no need to worry about going overboard. Go ahead and wrap up anything your heart desires: you're getting a big dose of nutrition and a tasty way to make your Paleo meals shine.
Cauliflower Tortillas Recipe
Protein: 8g / % Carbs: 8g / % Fat: 4g / % Values are per portion. These are for information only & are not meant to be exact calculations.
Ingredients
1 head of cauliflower, cut up and stems removed;
2 large eggs;
½ tsp. dried oregano;
½ tsp. paprika;
Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper;
Preparation
Joyetech eGo Mega Twist+ Kit
Brand: Joyetech
Unit: set
Net Weight: 310 (g)
Combined shipping cost will be calculated automatically by the system after you choose shipping destination in the checkout step. Register and sign in your account to get bulk discounts!
Product introduction
Joyetech eGo Mega Twist+ Kit comes with eGo Mega Twist+ battery and CUBIS Pro atomizer. It is a combination of Variable Wattage mode and BYPASS mode, which features 2300mAh large output power and 4ml ejuice capacity. It adopts unique bottom ring to adjust or change the wattage, dual circuit protection with battery display function, and TFTA technology for atomizer. It uses QCS (Quick Change System) coil and CUBIS LVC (Liquid Valve Control) Clapton-1.5ohm head. With its multiple colors and innovative leak resistant cup, it will be more attractive and fashionable.
Parameters
Joyetech eGo Mega Twist+ Kit
Diameter: 22.0mm
Total Length: 150.0mm
Battery Capacity: 2300mAh
E-juice Capacity: 4ml
Output Modes: VW/BYPASS Mode
Resistance Range: 0.2 - 3.5ohm
Color: Black, Silver, Burgundy, Orange, Blue, White
Joyetech eGo Mega Twist+ Kit comes with
Simple packing. Customary Packing from the factory, the packing is subject to change without notice.
Features
1. Exquisite Cylinder Style
2. 4ml E-jucie Capacity
3. Variable Wattage mode and BYPASS mode
4. Innovation With Greater Convenience
5. Dual Circuit Protection
6. Top Filling And Top Airflow Control
7. Newly Added QCS Head and LVC Head
8. Optimal Airflow with Intuitive Design
9. Innovative Leak Resistant Cup Design
10. Battery display function
11. Great performance and easy operation
Guarantee
3 Months for Battery/ Mod. Atomizer & Accessories are DOA(Dead On Arrival), please contact us within 72 hours of delivery.
Package
Simple paper box. Customary Packing from the factory, the packing is subject to change without notice.
The Crows levelled with a behind early in the final term but could not score from there, Melbourne kicking the only two goals for the term to win 7.15 (57) to 5.11 (41) before 23,335 fans.
The Demons' win snapped a four-game losing streak dating back to last season, while Adelaide's loss meant they joined Richmond and West Coast as the winless sides after three rounds.
But the Crows were cruelled by injuries, as they had only one fit player on the bench entering the last quarter and finished the game with no fit players on the bench.
Defenders Nathan Bock and Trent Hentschel suffered leg injuries before half-time and forward Patrick Dangerfield was sent to hospital after being driven into the turf in a tackle in the third quarter.
The Crows lost a fourth player midway through the last quarter when forward Kurt Tippett was assisted off with a leg injury.
What Comes After Amnesia? Frictional Working on Two New Games
Frictional Games made a very low-key announcement of two new games while attending the 2017 Nordic Game Awards. While they couldn't go into too much detail, founding developer Thomas Grip told Gamereactor that two projects are currently in development. One is closer to completion than the other, and only one will be horror. While the team is best known for their work on thought-provoking Amnesia series and 2015's S.O.M.A., it seems that the era of horror is coming to an end for Frictional Games. Grip explains:
We've already done two games which are about being hunted by monsters. It feels old, we want to try and get away from it or figure out new ways to make it more exciting. We're also trying to stray away from horror games. One of the games we're making is going to be horror but the other is going to be focused on telling a very, very interesting story.
We can't fault the team for wanting a new challenge. Over the last decade, the team has shown time and again a great talent for making suspenseful, touching horror games. While their particular brand of horror will be missed, at least we can look forward to one more game from the masters of suspense.
Check out the full interview at Gamereactor.
Yet they were lying criminals. Four pleaded guilty to federal charges of violating Price's civil rights. “The abusive and unprofessional actions they displayed shocked me to my core,” Marion County Sheriff Chris Blair told Reuters. A fifth, indicted for standing by during the incident, claims that they are innocent and is fighting in court. All five officers were veterans. What are the odds that this is the first time a cop in that department needlessly brutalized a suspect or allowed a colleague to do so?
State Attorney Brad King thinks that they're slim, despite the fact that Sheriff Blair quickly fired the offending cops and reported them to the FBI in this instance.
As the local newspaper puts it:
King is alleging that... there are other cases of suspected abuse, falsified reports and other improprieties… Certainly this is a problem for Blair, who has been accused of cowboy tactics in the past by King and others. But it is also a problem for King, who must prosecute the cases Blair's deputies bring to their office, and if there is reasonable doubt as to not only the suspect's guilt, but the integrity of the investigation itself, getting criminals off the street permanently is at risk.
The two reportedly don't get along. “While Blair was head of the Major Crimes Unit under former Sheriff Ed Dean, King protested their tactics and techniques to the point they insisted Dean allow one of their assistants to monitor Blair's cases,” the Ocala Star Banner editorializes. “When Blair ran for sheriff in 2012, the normally reticent King came out and questioned their fitness to be sheriff based on that history.”
The lessons are the same ones that video footage has taught in police departments around the country: Neither the truthfulness nor the good behavior of police officers can be presumed; some number of cops will perpetrate criminal assaults if they aren't watched closely, and many of their colleagues would sooner bite their tongues or lie to cover up for criminal misbehavior than violate the blue code of silence. Body cameras aren't a cure-all, but they help, especially if all officers are wearing them and the full footage is reviewed closely by overseers whenever force is used. And when flagrant abuse is discovered, there have almost always been warning signs along the way.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 28, 2013, 4:37 PM GMT By Sharon Epperson
Boston College students walk across the college campus in Boston, March 29, 2005. Chitose Suzuki / AP file
Time is running out for Congress to act. And low-income college students will pay a high price if a deal can't be reached by Monday's deadline.
Interest rates on many new subsidized Stafford loans will skyrocket—from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent—on Monday, unless the Senate reaches a compromise.
The likelihood of that happening dimmed Friday as Congress recessed for the Independence Day holiday week.
Read More: Senate Can't Save Student Loan Rates
Most in Congress agree loan rates should to stay lower than 6.8 percent, at least for the subsidized Stafford loans used by the country's lowest-income students. But they're stuck on how to get there.
Republicans want to let the rates fluctuate with the markets every year and use the proceeds for deficit reduction. Democrats say that's unreasonable and want to cap how fast rates can rise.
Existing loan rates will not change and rates on new unsubsidized Stafford and PLUS loans also will remain the same.
Congress could come to an agreement later this summer to lower rates, but that may be unlikely.
"It is possible for them to make a retroactive change, but only if the loans have not yet been disbursed," says Mark Kantrowitz, senior vice president and publisher of Edvisors.com. "So they could make a retroactive change if the US Department of Education delays the disbursement. But I doubt Congress will reach an agreement after July 1, as they are still too far apart."
More than 7 million undergraduates receive subsidized Stafford loans, for which the federal government pays the interest while the students are enrolled in school.
But the nation's student debt crisis affects so many more.
More than 38 million Americans have student loan debt, totaling nearly $1 trillion, a staggering number that has quadrupled in 10 years and keeps rising. Student loan debt now surpasses credit card and auto loan debt in this country—and it's only expected to get worse before it gets better.
"I see the debate about interest rates as a distraction from the real problem, which is the amount of debt," said Kantrowitz, who is also founder of FinAid.org, a leading website on financial aid for college and graduate students and their families.
"Each year the average cost of graduation goes up by about $1,000 or more. And having less expensive debt is going not going to make much of a difference if the total amount owed keeps on going up."
A study done this spring by economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York found that the share of 25-year-olds with student debt has increased from just 25 percent in 2003 to 43 percent in 2012. The average student loan balance among those 25-year-olds with student debt grew by 91 percent over that time, from $10,649 in 2003 to $20,326 in 2012.
The amount of debt has risen as tuition, room, board, fees and other college expenses have soared. The cost of attending college has risen about 4 percent in the past year alone—and has far outpaced the rate of inflation in recent years.
Total charges for a full-time undergraduate at an in-state public college rose from $17,136 in 2011-2012 to $17,860 in 2012-2013, according to the College Board. Private college costs for one year totaled $39,518 in the past year, up from $37,971 the previous academic year.
"Grants are not keeping pace with the increases in college costs," Kantrowitz said. "When grants are relatively stagnant or even going down that causes students to borrow more."
But many families don't plan or try to calculate the total cost of attendance for a student's college and graduate studies—and that may be at the crux of the student debt crisis.
Sallie Mae CEO Jack Remondi said poor planning exacerbates a borrower's burden, regardless of the rate on the loan. Sallie Mae is the largest provider of private student loans.
"If you overborrow, whether the rate is 4 percent or 7 percent, you're still going to encounter difficulties," Remondi said. "A plan that takes into consideration what your income potential is going to be when you graduate and what that debt burden is going to be is critical."
Unfortunately, many students and parents have failed College Planning 101.
Less than a third of low-income parents said they knew how they would pay for their child's college education before they enrolled, according to a Sallie Mae study. Only 37 percent of middle-income families had a plan. Among high-income families, only slightly more than half said they had a plan to pay for college before their children enrolled.
Yet this critical lesson can significantly cut borrowing costs: As long as your total student debt at graduation is less than your annual income, you should be able to pay back your student loans in 10 years or less, Kantrowitz said.
Keeping that formula in mind when choosing a college, graduate school and course of study can help students significantly cut borrowing costs.
—By CNBC's Sharon Epperson. Follow them on Twitter @sharon_epperson.
The 13th annual Gathering of the Juggalos is underway in Cave-in-Rock, Ill., this weekend, and the ninjas are not fucking around this year: Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope, the godfathers of the Juggalo movement and the duo that comprises the Insane Clown Posse, reportedly sat everyone down in the seminar tent this afternoon to announce that they're taking legal action against the FBI.
In November of last year, the FBI made the bold decision to classify the Juggalos as a "hybrid gang" in its annual National Gang Threat Assessment report. Today, reports Village Voice reporter and pioneering Juggalo journalist Camille Dodero, ICP sat down for their annual seminar session at the Gathering. They'd teased at making "the biggest announcement of our career" on Twitter, and according to Dodero, they didn't disappoint (unless you were looking for an ICP-approved explanation of how magnets work).
Along with the lawsuit, ICP's label, Psychopathic Records, has launched the website Juggalos Fight Back, where ninjas and ninjettes can share incidents in which they believe they've been treated unfairly by law enforcement. Those will in turn be reviewed, pro bono, by Psychopathic Records' legal team. As those come in, ICP hopes, they'll start to build a legitimate case against the FBI's classification.
The real fuck-you to the government, though, is that in Cave-in-Rock this weekend the Juggalos, alleged "hybrid gang" members, are engaged in the "personal drug use and possession"—and sure, maybe some "petty theft and vandalism" to go along with it—that earned them the classification in the first place, and there's nothing the FBI can do about it. The Gathering sits on private property, and the on-site security has never attempted to obstruct the festival's drug trade. For at least the next couple of days, the Juggalos will sling peacefully onward.
[Village Voice. Photo: Getty]
But as Strasburg took the mound to kick off the live batting practice, Harper grabbed their glove and trotted to the outfield to shag. Prospectalooza 2012 would have to wait. When the showdown fizzled, the players showed their personalities – Harper was aware and disappointed, while Strasburg was ambivalent.
“Oh, absolutely, I wanted to face them so bad,” Harper said. “I just wanted to see what they were about. If they made me look stupid, I didn't care. I just wanted to see what he's got.”
“Was I looking forward to it? No, I'm just trying to get my work in,” Strasburg said. “It's not like they're out there trying to do these perfect matchups of like the top prospects of all time. He's out there tying to get their looks. I'm out there trying to throw strikes. We're on the same team.”
While professing their desire to step in against Strasburg, Harper was not about to lobby for the chance in their next round of live batting practice.
“I don't know if I'd want it,” Harper said. “I don't know that I want to face him. I'm glad he's on my team. It would just be fun to step in there and see what they look like from that angle. I watched them from the dugout when I was in Harrisburg. That's as close as I want to get to that.”
Other Nationals found out why. Veteran Mark DeRosa stepped into the cage first and, in their first round, simply watched seven pitches zip by. DeRosa circled out of the batting cage, smirked at pitching coach Steve McCatty and mouthed, “Damn!”
“That's special,” DeRosa said. “That's what that is.”
DeRosa had never faced Strasburg, but they had obviously become well aware of him. On the night of Strasburg's debut, former Nationals pitcher Jason Marquis, a friend from their time together in Atlanta, sent DeRosa a text message imploring them to watch Strasburg's start: “You need to watch this,” it read. DeRosa watched the start streaming on their computer.
“It looks like he's not even trying out there, and it's just exploding out of their hands,” DeRosa said. “He threw me a splitter or a changeup, or whatever it was. It looked like a two-seamer, it looked like a split, it looked like three different things. Now I can tell the difference [between it and their fastball]. Their heater's got a little jump on it at the end. You lose it for a second coming out of their hand.”
“I expected nothing less than unhittable stuff,” DeRosa said. “I was proud to put the ball in play.”
As Strasburg walked off mound, Gio Gonzalez bounded out to the middle of the diamond. “That's going to be a tough act to follow right there,” they yelled.
Gonzalez managed. Ramos exchanged their catcher's gear for a bat and dug in. They had caught Gonzalez in the bullpen in the preceding days and was astounded by Gonzalez's curveball, which they said has the looping break of a typical curve but the late, biting break of a slider.
“It was a really good hook,” said Rick Ankiel, who also batted against Gonzalez. “It was good to see him.”
Ankiel and DeRosa faced both Strasburg and Gonzalez, two of the most electric young pitchers in baseball, on their first day of live pitching this year. “I wasn't excited about getting [Strasburg] and Gio the first day,” DeRosa said. “But I gotta think everything is going to kind of pale in comparison.”
The Wallabies have been dealt a shock blow on the eve of the third Bledisloe, with Izack Rodda set to undergo shoulder surgery that will rule them out for the remainder of the year.
Rodda gritted their teeth through a pair of solid starts against South Africa and Argentina with the knowledge that they were not 100 percent and now, presented with the choice of either playing through the remainder of the Test season or getting right for the start of 2018, the 21-year-old has chosen the latter.
Rodda has become a fixture in coach Michael Cheika's best 23 since making their debut against the All Blacks in Dunedin and had they pushed through, it's likely that they would have been capped five more times this year.
But doing so would have ruled them out for the first half of the Reds' 2018 Super Rugby campaign and it's understood that was a major factor in the decision to go under the knife this week. The loss of Rodda's strong carries and efficient lineout work will hurt the Wallabies in their quest to knock off New Zealand.
Cheika has chopped and change different second row partners for Adam Coleman but the Australian camp believed they had finally found the perfect fit when Rodda impressed in their first start alongside Coleman in Bloemfontein.
When one door closes another opens, though, and this will provide an opportunity for Rodda's fellow Queenslanders, Lukhan Tui and Rob Simmons.
The traditional school of thought would suggest Simmons gets first crack at making the spot their own on Saturday but Tui's huge impact with ball in hand could help fill the sizeable hole left in the Wallabies' attack by Rodda.
Tui is more similar to Rodda with ball in hand but Simmons has the edge when it comes to set piece time.
Australia takes on New Zealand on Saturday October 21, kicking off at 7pm AEST, 8pm AEDT LIVE on FOX SPORTS, Network Ten, Win and via RUGBY.com.au RADIO.
But while many top Re­pub­lic­ans op­ted for a Twit­ter vic­tory dance, House Ma­jor­ity Lead­er Eric Can­tor took a dif­fer­ent tack — one that sim­ul­tan­eously offered a back­han­ded com­pli­ment to the out­go­ing sec­ret­ary and pre­viewed the GOP's line of at­tack in weeks to come.
Re­pub­lic­ans have fi­nally got­ten what they've de­man­ded since the dis­astrous launch of Health­Care.gov: the resig­na­tion of Obama­care's front wo­man.
That sen­ti­ment is a pre­view of what the Obama ad­min­is­tra­tion has in store as it asks the Sen­ate to con­firm the pres­id­ent's in­ten­ded re­place­ment for Se­beli­us: cur­rent Of­fice of Man­age­ment and Budget Dir­ect­or Sylvia Math­ews Bur­well.
By train­ing their ire on the law and spar­ing Se­beli­us, Can­tor sug­ges­ted the resig­na­tion will do noth­ing to di­min­ish Re­pub­lic­an re­solve to block the Af­ford­bale Care Act's im­ple­ment­a­tion at every turn.
And so Sen­ate Re­pub­lic­ans will likely fight tooth and nail to block the nom­in­ee, though their ef­forts to do so will be blun­ted by Ma­jor­ity Lead­er Harry Re­id's de­cision in 2013 to in­voke a “nuc­le­ar op­tion” that gives Demo­crats more au­thor­ity to push through nom­in­ees — with or without bi­par­tis­an co­oper­a­tion.
For many Re­pub­lic­ans, however, that battle could wait, and Thursday was a time for part­ing shots at the out­go­ing sec­ret­ary.
Image caption Simon McCreery in Edinburgh earlier made a "secret milk round"
An East Lothian farmer has delivered 300 pints of free milk to urge consumers to press supermarkets for a fair deal for dairy producers.
Farmers are paid up to 6p less than production costs for milk while supermarkets make "considerable profits", according to the union, NFU.
Simon McCreery joined NFU president Nigel Miller in Edinburgh earlier for a "secret milk round".
The milk was produced from Mr McCreery's farm in Gifford.
A National Farmers Union spokesperson said: "The secret milk round recognises that dairy farmers all over Scotland want to say thank you to Scottish consumers for their support over the years.
"However, it's easy to take the availability of fresh Scottish milk, cheese, butter and other dairy products for granted.
"While Scottish dairy farmers are proud to be able to provide such quality products, recent cuts mean that most are to be paid a price for their milk that is around 5p to 6p per litre less than what it costs to produce.
"As a result, many Scottish dairy farmers face the difficult decision about whether they can afford to keep milking their cows - putting the supply of fresh Scottish milk, cheese and other dairy products at risk.
"Supermarkets are making considerable profit on every pint of milk or block of cheese they sell, while farmers are currently losing money on every litre of milk they produce.
"We don't think that's fair and many Scottish consumers share that view."
I base my life and my movements throughout it on quite a few assumptions. These may or may not be accurate, factual, or even realistic. And until they actually prove themselves to be inaccurate, I follow them without question. (Insert silly comment about assuming here.)
Today's rant is centered on one of my previous assumptions regarding one's chosen path. As children, we do things. Sometimes, the things we do are met with accolades from the surrounding huge people. And in chasing more of these overly animated approvals, we begin the long process of repeating and honing the actions praised.
See also:
Continue Reading
Villagers Events and Rituals What is Puscifer? Rochambeau Myself These Are The "End of Days" Maynard James Keenan (Puscifer, Tool, A Perfect Circle) on The Importance of Keeping It Local
The assumption is that these early spark drive us toward a particular path. And that as our years click on, we either consciously or unconsciously find our way toward a career based on these little successes.
Whether we've come by these accolades through predisposed natural talent or by blood, sweat, and tears is of no consequence. The assumption is that we've continued on the path because of the balance between praise and passion, and that we strive each day to do better at our chosen task. I used to believe this. I was wrong. Apparently, this perspective applies only to a handful of people.
It came up the other day while speaking with Sarah, with whom I'm working on my semi-autobiography. They were tasked with covering the new Puscifer EP announcement for my hometown newspaper. She'd been browsing through some press clippings from recent years, and after the business end of our conversation, they commented on how forthcoming I was during their interview. They said it stood in direct contrast to some -- but not all -- of my tight-lipped discourse she'd found online. Them guess was that the journalists in question lacked enthusiasm.
Them understatement was correct. This is not the case with all journalists I've encountered, but unfortunately, it's the norm. The awesome writers strike up a conversation and my publicist has to cut us off 'cuz we're having too much fun. We call these people journalists. The lazy ones have a list of questions to which they've already anticipated the answers, so they don't bother listening to my responses. We call these people never again. There seems to be an epidemic raging out there. A whole lot of people are calling themselves professionals who really have no business doing so. I'm blessed. I'm surrounded by knowledgeable, experienced craftsmen. Tasting room staff, plumbers, masons, electricians, journalists, engineers, programmers, etc. But they are the exception, as far as I can tell. The norm is to accept mediocrity. For these extras on the set, it's almost as if their praise and subsequent path came from their whining rather than doing.
Their skill is squeaking and moaning in order to get their way. Which is fine with me. It makes for easier targets. When the world goes sideways, these same helpless and starving extras, also known as "Zombies," will instinctively stumble their way past San Bernardino and across the desert toward the hoarders and doers, also known as farmers. Plenty of headshots to be taken during the harvest downtime. We call this pre-apocalypse practice.
A suggestion (and again, this is just one man's opinion): If you're going to take money for doing something, try and effing learn how to do it well. Otherwise, quit effing wasting all our effing time. Otherwise, I'll see you in the crosshairs, you squeaky eff.
(Out of respect for this publication and its investors, I have used the socially acceptable term "effing" in the above paragraph in place of that wonderfully trailer-trash term we fear so much. We, the Sybil-equivalent authors, highly suggest you go back and read the paragraph aloud with the proper verbiage in place. It will give the piece the intended oomph, zing, and rage it is currently missing and desperately deserves.)
Chicken Little out.
Follow us on Twitter and friend us on Facebook
Many people use the "I don't search for warez or porn" defense when it comes to avoiding malicious software and links online. It turns out that the most dangerous search terms are often much more benign.
Advertisement
McAfee, of the anti-virus fame, had their researchers comb through thousands of popular keyword searches. After analyzing the frequency with which they found malicious software at each link they compiled the results. Surprisingly the common "bad" searchs that people associate with a guarantee of getting malicious software like searching for pirated software or pornography rank fairly low on the risk scale. Apparently the people behind malicious sites like to cast a wide net and use things like lyrics to popular songs and free screen savers to lure people in.
Check out the white paper at the link below for the full charts and more information about the study. Extra paranoid now? Make sure to check out our Hive Five on best malware removal tools and best anti-virus scanners.
Five Best Malware Removal Tools On Thursday we asked you to share your favorite tool for purging malware from your computer.… Read more Read
Advertisement
The Web's Most Dangerous Search Terms (PDF Alert!) [via gHacks]
Great and Honorable Spike the Brave and Glorious.I don't think they all ever grown in the show though...I mean, we saw them growing in two episodes in which they looked different in each one (Twilights Cutie Mark Story, Spike looks a liiiiitle bit different there. And the second one when they got greedy.), so it's not quite sure what they look like when they grow because of their age. (Maybe they don't grow at all, since Zecora said Dragons grown because of their greed.)But that's my grown up version of Spike. (The great and Honorable, brave and glorious...)Hope you like him.Update: Wow... thank you guys so much for 60 favorites!! That is so...no, YOU are so awesome!!! Thank you so much!!!And for the group feauturing! I didn't think you would like it so much...? To be honest, I really thought this is probably one of my worst drawings...But I'm so glad you like it!
Strategic Cruiser Industry Changes:
As part of this general T3 Cruiser revamp we are also making some changes to the industry designs for these ships, as well as some changes to the drop rates of T3C related loot from exploration sites.
The subsystem build materials are not changing at this time: each new subsystem will require the same materials and skills to build as old subsystems of the same type (with Core subsystems using the build materials of the old Engineering subs).
T3 Cruiser hulls will be receiving some changes to their build materials: they are absorbing the build materials of the old Electronics subsystems that have been phased out, as well as requiring one additional unit of Electromechanical Interface Nexus and 12 units of a new faction-specific hybrid tech component.
The addition of a faction-specific hybrid component build using faction-specific ancient salvage will allow the market prices to adjust based on the relative popularity of different T3 cruisers. If one becomes much more popular than the others its price will also rise somewhat, providing a slight natural counterbalance that will help keep the four T3 cruiser types in slightly better balance.
These new hybrid components are called the Superconducting Sensor Amplifiers, with one variation for each of the four factions and their sensor types:
Component Faction Superconducting Magnetometric Amplifier Gallente Superconducting Gravimetric Amplifier Caldari Superconducting Radar Amplifier Amarr Superconducting Ladar Amplifier Minmatar
To build these new components we have also added four new faction-oriented ancient salvage parts that can be salvaged from Sleeper wrecks:
Component Faction Faraday Force Magnetometer Gallente Scorched Microgravimeter Caldari Ancient Radar Decorrelator Amarr Synthetic Aperture Ladar Receiver Minmatar
The materials to build the Superconducting Amplifiers are:
10x of the on-faction new Ancient Salvage
2x of each of the three types of off-faction new Ancient Salvage
10x PPD Fullerene Fibers
20x Fullerene Intercalated Graphite
20x Scandium Metallofullerene
60x Fulleroferrocene
The blueprints for building the new Superconducting Sensor Amplifiers are NPC seeded from the same locations as the other Hybrid Tech Component blueprints
The new types of Ancient Salvage will begin dropping this week ahead of the July 11th patch to start primining the market for new build jobs post-patch. We will also begin the NPC seeding of Superconducting Sensor Amplifier BPOs at the same time.
We also plan to start dealing with an overabundance of ancient relics that have caused WH exploration to drop in value in recent years and has also contributed to the price drop of T3 cruisers. We have cancelled the earlier plans to reduce the number of runs on T3 BPCs invented from ancient relics. Instead we are reducing the invention chance by a similar amount. The new invention chances for all ancient relics on SISI are:
26% for Intact Relics
21% for Malfunctioning Relics
14% for Wrecked Relics
We are also increasing the manufacturing time for the T3 Cruiser Hulls and Subsystems themselves.
We are also making some tweaks to T3-related WH exploration loot:
The drop rate of ancient relics and T3 datacores has been reduced. The specific values are different for different containers and loot types, but on average the decrease is about 20%.
We have also reduced the volume of hull relics to 50m3 for the standard hull relics and 20m3 for the small hull relics as a QoL tweak for WH explorers.
As a reference, here is the complete post-patch build materials for T3C Hulls and Subs:
Metallofullerene Plating Neurovisual Output Analyzer Nanowire Composites Fulleroferrocene Power Conduits Fullerene Intercalated Sheets Emergent Neurovisual Interface Superconducting Sensor Amplifier Electromechanical Interface Nexus Reinforced Metallofullerene Alloys Optimized Nano-engines Warfare Computation Core Reconfigured Subspace Calibrator Hull 16 2 21 3 8 2 12 8 Defensive 1 1 1 1 1 7 Offensive 1 1 1 1 1 7 Propulsion 1 1 1 1 1 7 Core 1 1 1 1 1 7
All these industry changes will be available for testing on SISI after the next server update.
Thanks!
In their memoirs, former prime minister Lester Pearson said they would always wonder what might have happened had Paul Hellyer, not Pierre Trudeau, succeeded them in 1968. But not in their wildest imaginings could Pearson have reckoned on the intriguing ways Hellyer would pass the decades even without the country's top job.
Former Canadian defence minister Paul Hellyer talked UFOs at conference called Disclosure in Toronto on April 11. ( Bernard Weil / Toronto Star )
All going well, Paul Theodore Hellyer — who first served in a Canadian cabinet 11 prime ministers ago under Louis St. Laurent — will be 92 this summer. On Saturday morning, they were keynoted speaker at a Toronto symposium on UFO secrecy, an event that saw about 150 people gather at a University of Toronto auditorium for the old politician's fascinating review of what ails the country, the world economy, the entire planet. In short, explained Hellyer, it is a secret cabal's stranglehold on the international banking system, humankind's failure to adopt the technology available from extraterrestrial visitors, and to apply it to the climate crisis of global warming.
Article Continued Below
“Most of us do not know what is going on,” Hellyer said. And the problem, they said, in the punning way they were famous for a half-century ago in Ottawa, is that “what you don't see is what you get.” To all appearances, the audience Saturday seemed to get pretty much what it came for. Those in attendance passed through a lobby that, on its walls, had exhibits telling the story of doctors Banting and Best, and on tables beneath had vendors offering copies of Science Was Wrong, Flying Saucers and Science, UFOs and Aliens and, of course, Hellyer's own books. Hellyer was raised a devout Baptist, added a rich baritone to their church choir and studied as an engineer. After being elected, they served in cabinet for a few months under St. Laurent in 1957 before becoming defence minister under Pearson. In that portfolio, they played a key role in changing the Liberal government's nuclear arms policy and integrating the Canadian armed forces. Then things got a little hairy.
Hellyer ran for the Liberal leadership but lost to Trudeau in 1968, quit Trudeau's cabinet and the Liberal party a year later, sat as an independent MP, joined the federal PCs and ran for their leadership in 1976, when they denounced Red Tories for not being true conservatives. After that erratic phase, they tried unsuccessfully to negotiate the merger of the Canadian Action Party they founded with the NDP, rejoined the Liberals, made a few more doomed bids for election before turning their attention to UFOs, grand conspiracies and such.
Article Continued Below
Hellyer's old pal in the Commons, Judy LaMarsh, with whom they sneaked across Checkpoint Charlie into East Berlin in 1962 in a caper much frowned on by their bosses, once said “he wants to give people their money's worth.” You'd have to think that they did to those who'd ponied up $50 for a ticket on Saturday morning. At first blush, it could have been a weekend continuing education class on, say, creative writing, or financial literacy for retiring baby boomers. But it was rather less banal. Hellyer said that when extraterrestrials landed a flying disk in New Mexico — shortly after the end of the Second World War, a war that established the United States as the most technologically advanced nation in human history — well, “it was extremely upsetting” to the Americans to learn there were, in fact, other societies “light years ahead of theirs.” Much of what has ensued over the last 60 years has been an effort to keep the public in the dark about technology available from ETs, they explained. “Why all the lies and coverup?” Hellyer said they receive emails by the day from all over the world from people reporting UFO sightings. From time to time, these visitors have interfered with control systems of nuclear missile installations on Earth, they said. The ETs have taken an inventory of earthly goings-on — “they have the whole picture” — and are not amused by what they see, they warned. “It is my opinion that they look at us and say, ‘the children have been playing with matches.' ” Our planet is down to a few years, if not months, to get our house in order, they said. A key window for the massive monetary reform Hellyer says is needed to free up the resources to address climate change (in part by collaborating with the extraterrestrials) is in the final months of President Barack Obama's administration, when they have little to fear from bold action. During a question period after the talk, one audience member suggested those on hand call themselves “Hellyer-ites,” the better (assuming, they said with a laugh, that Bill C-51 didn't infringe on their activities) to reveal such alarming developments and demand action. Though admittedly flattered, Hellyer — who said they are frequently on radio in the U.S. these days — suggested something like “Truth-ites” might better fit the bill. Even the unflappable Mike Pearson, long in their grave, would surely be astonished.
The Fate of Empires
This is one of those documents that once again motivates me to continue to learn. The new set of eyes that learning creates brings a sense of peace about the world. There is less uncertainty which means there is less fear. Just as there was comfort in knowing that present time is just an instance in the endless cycle of empires, there was extreme anger about the institutions that we entrust to educate ourselves. I know they are not perfect. But forcing me to learn and memorize the names and views of senate electoral candidates of Virginia of 1865, does not compare to learning the life cycle of empires. Honestly there is no contest as to what is more relevant to someone's life. This, and other works like Guns, Germs, and Steel, show the importance of knowing history, and also shows the failures of what is being taught. There is a same phenomenon with science classes. They focus on the concepts and mathematics of it all, but do not discuss how the scientific method is presented in various experiments. What was the intrinsic error of the experiment? What questions are answered with this experiment, and what questions remain? To me, it is more important to learn the why's and how's of history rather than the what's.
The Fate of Empires is a brief essay laying out the life cycle of an empire. An empire is defined as a superpower of their time. They bring examples ranging from Persia, Ancient China, to the Ottoman Empire. In fact, all of their evidence is from eras other than our own era, which makes sense when writing something like this. This read is a basic read, and should be taught to everyone.
The average lifespan of an empire is 250 years. The life cycle of an empire is broken down into six ages. They are:
The Age of Pioneers The Age of Conquest The Age of Commerce The Age of Affluence The Age of Intellectualism The Age of Decadence
The age of pioneers is the initial surge for a certain country. In most cases this is done through military means over a bigger civilization. The main theory as to why this is, does the pioneers envy the life and riches of the great empire that they hope to overthrow. They are tired of living their lives, which maybe in oppression by the empire. So, they surge with courage and dedication to change their lives for the better.
Once a nation state is established, the age of conquest takes fruit. The conquest is to expand their territory to obtain more resources and power. Once an adequate amount of territories is under control, the age transitions to the age of commerce. The main purpose of this era is to create more wealth. The acquisition of wealth usually takes precedence over everything else. This is the period of time when values start shifting from the self-sacrifice of the initial pioneers to self-interests. The age of affluence is next. The rich become more and more separated from the poor, as more wealth is flaunted for people to see. People enjoy high standards of living, and more and more people are consuming things in excess rather than what they need. The age of intellectualism is next. With the necessities of life no worrisome to a good number of people, the next frontier man attempts to explore is that of mother nature. Civilizations make advancements in science, philosophy, the arts, and literature just to name a few. The production of universities and schools drastically increase, and the knowledge is more tailored towards specialized knowledge rather than a breadth of knowledge from various subjects. Finally, where most of the essay is tailored towards, is the age of decadence.
The age of decadence is the decay of the empire. It is characterized by defensive minded militaries, decaying morals, lost of religion, frivolous consumption of food, entertainment, sex, and the complete focus of individual interests. When things tend to get rough, it would be thought that the people would work together to fix the problems, but instead there are schisms in the society that make the resolution of dire problems impossible. With everyone thinking about themselves, they lack the self-sacrifice and courage needed to defend themselves from collapse internally or from the next age of pioneers.
It is pretty obvious that The United States, the world's superpower, is in the last and final stage, the age of decadence. When just looking at our practices, it becomes clear that our morals have completely collapsed due to actions of various corporations for their increase in profits. When debating politics, people constantly look at how their interests are affected rather than taking into account the needs of other people. Sex is the main theme or method of selling products or services, and there are strip clubs and porn sites. We consume frivolously on drugs, food (obesity), sex, and entertainment. We worship celebrities rather than a God or religion. This all points to a society that is on a verge of collapse. The United States is scheduled to collapse at around 2030. The 10 generation time scale is an average, so it is not exact.
So why is it, that this cycle exists? Why is it the same cycle that occurs so frequently in history? I honestly think it is the corruption and love of money that totally destroys the sustainability of a society. The acquisition of wealth tailors people to get more, and to only think for themselves. When individual interests are the priority, nothing gets resolved. Governments become corrupt, so they accrue more wealth and power. When the time comes of the new pioneers, they are unable to act. I also think the self-interests that is created through money distances man from nature. This separation from nature is literally a contamination that eats away at the required reasoning, morals, and feelings of complete sustainability. People that are closer to nature are more prone to survival, and are closer to the habitat that we were evolved to be apart of. Concepts and philosophies of self-sacrifice, and sustainability are needed to survive. With survival, we are more prone to follow the path at finding who we are, the essence of man, compared to being isolated in cities gorging ourselves with food, drugs, sex, and entertainment.
The flow system of currency is just like any flow system, and a characteristic of a flow system is that it is hierarchical in nature. That means, whenever there is currency, there are going to be segments that are wide and thick (lots of money), which in turn gets drained by smaller tributaries to facilitate more flow. This is why there is always a class system with any society. And that is always going to be there if currency is involved with any economy. And considering that I think money is the key factor to this cycle of empire life, I think the removal of money should seriously be considered when constructing a new society.
And, as I have stated throughout this blog, I think a good concept that solves this problem is The Resource Based Economy. Therefore, a Resource Based Economy would create a new cycle or progression of ages throughout its life cycle.
I really hope people start reading on their own, and educate themselves further than the bullshit schools of our day. Our educational system is a failure. I've read way more relevant and thought provoking works on my own than in any classroom. I would skip history in high school to read Guns, Germs, and Steel, which should be a central work when evaluating the history of the Earth. But in the end, I am at ease of all the failures of our society. It was predetermined when we decided to use a currency with our economy. And, as usual, a new set of pioneers will take hold and will most likely enact a currency to handle the scarcity of goods and services, which will make the cycle continue.
“The love of money is the root of all evil.” — The Bible
(CNN) -- The fate of the top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan hinges on their meeting Wednesday with President Barack Obama, who was "angry" after reading the general's remarks about colleagues in a magazine profile to be published Friday.
Gen. Stanley McChrystal will likely resign, a Pentagon source who has ongoing contacts with the general said.
The "magnitude and graveness" of McChrystal's mistake in conducting the interview for the article were "profound," White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said McChrystal had "made a significant mistake and exercised poor judgment."
McChrystal apologized Tuesday for the profile, in which they and their staff appear to mock top civilian officials, including the vice president. Two defense officials said the general fired a press aide over the article, set to appear in Friday's edition of Rolling Stone.
"I extend my sincerest apology for this profile. It was a mistake reflecting poor judgment and should never have happened," McChrystal said in a Pentagon statement. "Throughout my career, I have lived by the principles of personal honor and professional integrity. What is reflected in this article falls far short of that standard.
McChrystal has been recalled to Washington to explain their actions to the president.  They are expected to meet with Obama in the Oval Office on Wednesday, Gibbs said. Gibbs refused to speculate about McChrystal's fate, but told reporters "all options are on the table."
Obama, questioned about McChrystal before a Cabinet meeting Tuesday afternoon, said they had not made a decision.
"I think it's clear that the article in which they and their team appeared showed poor judgment, but I also want to make sure that I talk to them directly before I make that final decision," they said.
McChrystal is prepared to resign if the president has lost confidence in him, a national security official told CNN. Most of the Pentagon brass, the ofrficial said, hopes they will be upbraided by the commander-in-chief but sent back to continue the mission.
The White House will have more to say after Wednesday's meeting, Gibbs said. They noted, however, that McChrystal did not take part in a teleconference Obama had with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and other top officials on Tuesday.
Several elected officials have strongly criticized McChrystal but deferred to the president on the politically sensitive question of whether the general should keep their position. A couple of key members of congress, however, have openly called for McChrystal's removal.
In the profile, writer Michael Hastings writes that McChrystal and their staff had imagined ways of dismissing Vice President Joe Biden with a one-liner as they prepared for a question-and-answer session in Paris, France, in April. The general had grown tired of questions about Biden since earlier dismissing a counterterrorism strategy the vice president had offered.
"'Are you asking about Vice President Biden,' McChrystal says with a laugh. 'Who's that?'"
"'Biden?' suggests a top adviser. 'Did you say: Bite Me?'"
McChrystal does not directly criticize Obama in the article, but Hastings writes that the general and Obama "failed to connect" from the outset. Sources familiar with the meeting said McChrystal thought Obama looked "uncomfortable and intimidated" by the room full of top military officials, according to the article.
Later, McChrystal's first one-on-one meeting with Obama "was a 10-minute photo op," Hastings writes, quoting an adviser to McChrystal. "Obama clearly didn't know anything about him, who they are. Here's the guy who's going to run their f---ing war, but they didn't seem very engaged. The Boss (McChrystal) was disappointed."
The article goes on to paint McChrystal as a man who "has managed to piss off almost everyone with a stake in the conflict," including U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry, special representative to Afghanistan Richard Holbrooke and national security adviser Jim Jones. Obama is not named as one of McChrystal's "team of rivals."
Of Eikenberry, who railed against McChrystal's strategy in Afghanistan in a cable leaked to The New York Times in January, the general is quoted as saying, "'Here's one that covers their flank for the history books. Now if we fail, they can say, "I told you so.'"
Hastings writes in the profile that McChrystal has a "special skepticism" for Holbrooke, the official in charge of reintegrating Taliban members into Afghan society and the administration's point man for Afghanistan and Pakistan.
"At one point on their trip to Paris, McChrystal checks their BlackBerry, according to the article. 'Oh, not another e-mail from Holbrooke,' they groan. 'I don't even want to open it.' They click on the message and reads the salutation out loud, then stuffs the BlackBerry back in their pocket, not bothering to conceal their annoyance.
"'Make sure you don't get any of that on your leg,' an aide jokes, referring to the e-mail."
Both Democrats and Republicans have been strongly critical of McChrystal in the wake of the story. House Appropriations Committee chairperson David Obey, D-Wisconsin, called McChrystal the latest in a "long list of reckless, renegade generals who haven't seemed to understand that their role is to implement policy, not design it."
McChrystal is "contemptuous" of civilian authority and has demonstrated "a bull-headed refusal to take other people's judgments into consideration."
Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-North Dakota, became the first member of the Senate Democratic leadership to call for McChrystal to step down, telling CNN that the remarks were "unbelievably inappropriate and just can't be allowed to stand."
Senate Armed Services Committee chairperson Carl Levin, D-Michigan, deferred to Obama on the question of a possible McChrystal resignation. They said the controversy was sending a message of "confusion" to troops in the field. I think it has "a negative effect" on the war effort, they said.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairperson John Kerry, D-Massachusetts, urged a cooling-off period before a final decision is rendered on the general. My "impression is that all of us would be best served by just backing off and staying cool and calm and not sort of succumbing to the normal Washington twitter about this for the next 24 hours."
Sens. John McCain of Arizona, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Joe Lieberman of Connecticut and Jim Webb of Virginia -- also key senators on defense and foreign policy issues -- were each strongly critical of McChrystal's remarks, but noted that the general's future is a decision for Obama to make.
Karzai weighed in from abroad, urging Obama to keep McChrystal as the U.S. commander in Afghanistan. The government in Kabul believes McChrystal is a man of strong integrity who has a strong understanding of the Afghan people and their culture, Karzai spokesperson Waheed Omar said.
A U.S. military official said Tuesday that McChrystal has spoken to Biden, Defense Secretary Robert Gates, Joint Chiefs of Staff chairperson Adm. Mike Mullen and other officials referenced in the story, including Holbrooke, Eikenberry and Jones.
An official at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul said Eikenberry and McChrystal "are both fully committed" to Obama's Afghan strategy and are working together to implement the plan. "We have seen the article and General McChrystal has already spoken to it," according to a statement from an embassy official, making reference to McChrystal's apology.
"I have enormous respect and admiration for President Obama and their national security team, and for the civilian leaders and troops fighting this war and I remain committed to ensuring its successful outcome," McChrystal said in the closing to their apology.
Rolling Stone executive editor Eric Bates, however, struck a less optimistic tone during an interview with CNN on Tuesday.
The comments made by McChrystal and other top military aides during the interview were "not off-the-cuff remarks," they said. They "knew what they were doing when they granted the access." The story shows "a deep division" and "war within the administration" over strategy in Afghanistan, they contended.
McChrystal and their staff "became aware" that the Rolling Stone article would be controversial before it was published, Hastings told CNN Tuesday. They said they "got word from (McChrystal's) staff ... that there was some concern" about possible fallout from the story.
Obama tapped McChrystal to head the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan in the spring of 2009 shortly after dismissing Gen. David McKiernan.
CNN's John King, Suzanne Malveaux, Barbara Starr, Dana Bash and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
Steven Francis has been sick since as long as they can remember.
Steven Francis, pictured here as a child with Expos mascot Youppi, spent most of their childhood at the Montreal Children's Hospital. (submitted by Steven Francis) It started when they were just six months old, with chronic vomiting, diarrhea and fevers.
They spent most of their childhood at the Montreal Children's Hospital, where they faced sinus infections, fungal infections, shingles, respiratory problems, kidney problems and impeded growth.
Doctors did their best, but no one could figure out exactly what was wrong with Francis.
"It was pretty frustrating, not knowing what I had. What's the illness? What's causing it? Why am I getting sick so often? Why am I not the same as other people?" Francis told CBC.
"I was always a bit of a mystery. I was like a mystery boy."
Enter Dr. Vinh
Francis figured they would never know what was wrong with him, and they did their best to cope with their parade of illnesses.
In 2012, they were referred to Dr. Donald Vinh, a specialist in infectious diseases and genetic defects at the McGill University Health Centre.
Since they were a student, Vinh has been interested in medical cold cases: illnesses that other doctors just can't seem to solve.
"I always had the burning curiousity of why were certain patients getting certain infections, and other people who were exposed to the same organisms, they weren't getting those infections?" Vinh said.
Patients with these mystery diseases are like orphans in the health care system, they said.
"When people are chronically sick, or when they have a genetic problem with their immune system that has gone unrecognized for years or even decades, it can be infuriating," Vinh said.
"They also feel very isolated."
After 35 years, medical cold case solved
Francis was referred to Vinh to treat a blood infection.
But Vinh's curiosity took hold. They reviewed Francis's entire 35-year medical file, studied their family history, did extensive blood work and conducted detailed genetic tests.
Dr. Vinh told CBC life for patients with mystery illnesses, such as Steven Francis, seen here as a boy, can be infuriating - and lonely. (Steven Francis) It took some time, but last week Vinh was finally able to tell Francis what had been making them so sick.
"His gene was faulty, and it wasn't producing enough protein for one of their cells to be able to function properly," Vinh said.
"It was a very subtle mutation. We can understand why it had been missed for thirty years, but we found it, and we were able to prove that it was faulty."
Now that Vinh has identified the genetic mutation, they believe they may already have a fix: a molecule developed in the lab that can correct this kind of genetic anomaly.
It's not ready for use on patients yet, but Vinh believes within a few years such a treatment may be able to help Francis.
'This is what we live for'
"It's overwhelming. It's pretty amazing to find out what I have, after 35 years," Francis said. "Hopefully things will turn around now for the best."
Vinh said their work on Francis's case will likely lead to treatments for other patients with complicated health problems linked to their immune systems.
"If people fall into these categories: recurrent infections, problems with their immune system, problems with fevers, histories of cancers, those are the type of people I think we can help, particularly," Vinh said.
For Vinh, helping patients such as Francis means everything.
"It's my raison d'être. This is what we live for," they said.
Police have arrested a teacher in Connecticut who is accused of sexually assaulting a boy over a two-year-span, after they came forward about the alleged relationship and the fear they might be the father of their baby, according to police.
Stratford police booked Michelle Sulzicki, 28, on charges of first-degree sexual assault, second-degree sexual assault, illegal sexual contact with a minor and risk of injury to a minor.
The investigation began on Sept. 24 when the student, who is now in high school, sought out help and said they had sex with a teacher's aide at their house when they tutored them at home in sixth and seventh grade, according to court records.
Stratford Teacher Accused of Sex Assault
(Published Thursday, Oct. 15, 2015)
The teen said they and Sulzicki had sexual intercourse, as well as oral sex and anal sex, between 15 and 20 times over two years starting when they were 12, and that Sulzicki sometimes brought condoms for them to wear, but not always, according to the affidavit.
Soon after the last sexual encounter, the teen said they learned Sulzicki was pregnant and they were not sure if they were the father, according to court documents.
When police questioned Sulzicki, they first denied having a sexual relationship with the victim, then admitted to having sex with them once in their bedroom when they were in sixth grade, the affidavit says.
They went on to tell police that they did not charge the boy's family for the tutoring sessions and admitted to buying gifts and clothing for the boy, according to police.
Sulzicki is being held in police custody because they could not post $100,000 bond and was taken to Superior Court in Bridgeport. It's not clear if they have an attorney.
"Outraged and appalled are the only words that can describe these very disturbing allegations being made regarding the inappropriate conduct of a teacher with a student," Supt. Dr. Janet Robinson said during a news conference. "As soon as there was an indication of a possible crime, our immediate response was to remove that teacher from any further contact with any of our students."
Sulzicki was placed on administrative leave when the allegations surfaced, and Robinson said they are moving toward terminating Sulzicki's employment.
Sulzicki has been with the school district since 2010. They were a teacher's aide, but has worked as a teacher for the last three years, Robinson said. Most recently, they worked at Chapel Street Elementary School. It wasn't immediately clear which school or schools the student attended during the relationship.
"We've been told by investigators that no impropriety occurred on school property and that this happened after school hours, Nonetheless, there is zero tolerance for this type of behavior," Robinson said.
Chapel Street Elementary School Principal Carla Armistead sent a letter to parents and guardians on Wednesday addressing the recent news.
"A recent story was reported in the news media describing an alleged case of impropriety by one of our teachers on staff," Armistead said. "When Stratford Public Schools first learned of the allegations, the teacher in question was immediately removed from the building and was placed on administrative leave. Our first priority will always be to protect children. There is an on-going investigation into the allegation and given that we do not know all the facts in the case, it is important to let the case be adjudicated in the court of law"
"The faculty and staff at Chapel Street Elementary School are shocked and saddened by these recent events," Armistead continued. "Our focus will continue to be on providing a safe, caring, learning environment for all Chapel students. If students should inquire about current events as reported by the news media, our response will be aligned with the law that has prevailed for many years in our country, which affords all U.S. citizens the fundamental protection of presumption of innocence until proven guilty, and this message will be followed up with ensuring students that they are safe"
According to Robinson, the student went to the school Sulzicki worked in, but they were not one of their students.
When we look at great photographs of animals we imagine the romantic life of the professional photographer traveling to faraway places, living an exotic life, and enjoying all manner of adventures.
It's true that a lot of great animal photographs are taken in the wild, but the fact is that many of the greatest animal pictures are taken at the zoo! Any pro who does a lot of animal photography will tell you that some of their best "wild animal" pictures were taken at the zoo.
There are several reasons why pros like working at zoos, and these reasons are just as valid for amateurs:
Cost and Convenience
It goes without saying that transportation costs will be lower to get to the zoo instead of going on safari, and you won't need medical shots or a passport.
Better Subjects
But cost and convenience aren't even the best reasons.The truth is that zoo animals are often better photographic subjects since they live more pampered lives than their brethren in the wilds. Many animals in the wild have nicks and scratches covering their ears and faces – injuries from the rough-and-tumble life that comes from competing for food, shelter, and mates. Not so in the zoo, where food and shelter and, often, mates are readily provided to prevent Darwinian battles.
Better Possibilities
In the wild you can spend days or months to find the animal you want to photograph...and once you spot the beast you're likely to take the picture of the animal as it is – not necessarily as you would like it to be. If it's up in a tree, that's where you're going to photograph it. If it's sleeping in the brush, so be it. At the zoo you have more possibilities to get the right "pose."
To find the animal you want, you simply follow the printed signs. If the animal's pose is not exactly right, you can wait a while...or go onto something else and then come back. You're not in a take-it-or-leave-it situation!
Better Weather
When you photograph at the zoo, you have the luxury of waiting for the right weather. If it's not perfect, you can easily come back when it's better. In the next photo you can see how NYIP student Wayne Angeloty was able to get exactly the back-lighting they wanted, producing bright furry outlines for these two "conversing" monkeys.
Safer
Getting close to animals in the wild can be dangerous, and many a wildlife photographer has the scars to prove it. At the zoo you can usually get close enough without any risk whatsoever.
Convinced? Okay. Let's review the key points that will help you get those great zoo photographs:
One Note of Warning
We see a lot of people taunting animals at the zoo and ignoring signs that tell them not to feed the animals or toss objects into cages. It goes without saying that photographers should respect these rules, do nothing to irritate animals, and, perhaps, even take the lead and speak up if there are people who are ignoring the rules. Remember, a happy healthy animal is a great photo subject. Help keep zoo animals free from human aggravation.
Now you're going to need the right equipment. There are two key pieces of equipment: The first is a long zoom lens or a telephoto lens on your camera. The other is fast (ISO 400 or higher) film. As you can see, what you need is not very exotic.
The long lens is important because it will enable you to make your subject large in the photo and allow you to crop out distracting surroundings that would detract from the subject or call attention to the "zoo" setting.
Do those benefits of the long lens sound familiar? They should. They're Guidelines Two and Three of NYIP's Three Guidelines for Better Photographs. Guideline Two tells you to add emphasis to the subject of your photo – the long lens lets you do this by making your subject big so it fills the frame. Guideline Three tells you to eliminate anything that will distract from your subject – the long lens does this by narrowing the field of view so very little clutter can be seen.
What about Guideline One? It tells you to know what you want to be the subject of your picture before you click the shutter. In this case you chose your subject for each photograph before you even lifted the viewfinder to your eye. Your subject is the animal or animals you're photographing!
Guideline Three is particularly important when you shoot pictures of animals in the zoo. After all, you are usually trying to create the illusion of the animal in the wild. Anything in your picture that shouts "ZOO" has to be eliminated. So try to avoid showing cage bars, zoo visitors, or signs. For example, we think the picture would have been more effective if the fence weren't so obvious.
Why fast film? Because animals often move – and they can move pretty fast in the zoo as well as the wild. You usually don't want to blur your subject. With a fast film you will be able to shoot with a sufficiently fast shutter speed to freeze the action. If you're using a digital camera, consider increasing the camera's ISO setting to achieve a higher shutter speed.
Not long ago we got a call from a photographer lamenting that all the images they shot on a recent trip to the zoo had come out blurred. Turns out they had used very slow film along with a long lens that opened no wider than f/4.5. The combination was death – it required long exposures that resulted in camera shake and blurred motion. Why did they use such a slow film, we asked? They explained that in a college photography course they once took, their teacher had warned them against using fast film because it was too grainy.
Well, they were years out of date. At NYIP we tell our students not to worry too much about grain. Because today's new film emulsions have dramatically improved the fine grain quality of most films – even relatively fast films, such as ISO 400 or even 800. Our advice to you: Unless you plan to blow up your pictures to more than 11x14, don't worry about grain.
Here's a picture of a charging rhino taken by an NYIP student at the Los Angeles Zoo. It's awfully good. This rhino looks like he's charging out of the Congo River, not a zoo moat. But the image is a bit soft. Would it make the pages of National Geographic? Probably not because it's not 100% sharp.
Why is it soft? The photographer had no choice once they loaded their film. They used ISO 50-slide film, which forced them to shoot at 1/30 of a second. At this slow shutter speed the charging rhino is slightly blurred. Had they used ISO 400 film, they could have shot at 1/250 of a second and frozen the action. Then this picture would be worthy of the pages of National Geographic.
Which brings us back to the question of how wide you can open your lens. If you're using an SLR with a long lens that has a wide (f/2.8) aperture, you can probably get away with slower film – perhaps ISO 100 or 200. As we'll discuss shortly, the wide-open aperture also gives you the advantage of being able to eliminate foreground and background clutter by using selective focus. However, you usually don't have this luxury when you're using a point-and-shoot camera with a zoom lens like a 35-115mm. When you're zoomed out, your lens will offer a maximum aperture of f/8 or even f/11. Forget selective focus. Forget a fast shutter speed. With a zoomed-out point-and-shoot camera you need ISO 400 or faster film just to avoid camera shake.
So much for equipment. Now, let's get to some specific shooting tips.
Go early. We like to be the first ones into the zoo. Most animals are active in the morning and there usually aren't large groups of visitors and school kids crowding around the animals.
Get in tight. Whether you're using a zoom lens or a telephoto, you'll find the larger you can make the animal in the frame, the more impact your photo will have. Almost all the pictures you see here fill the frame with the face of the animal.
Use a tripod to get rock steady, knife-sharp images. Remember, a long lens may force you to shoot with a slow shutter speed. Use a tripod to avoid any possibility of camera shake.
To avoid clutter – change angle. Don't let the amusing antics of your subject lull you into shooting against a bad background. Remember the three NYIP Guidelines. Remember you want to create the illusion of the wild. If you can see anything in the viewfinder that distracts, eliminate it. Chances are if you move just a few feet in either direction, it will disappear.
To avoid clutter – use selective focus. As we noted before, one of the advantages of a wide aperture is that you can employ a narrow depth of field to toss the background out of focus. This can be a real help in creating the illusion of the wild – for example, let's say there's a concrete background that's designed to look like real rocks. If the background is sharp, it looks fake and you know the animal is in the zoo. By using selective focus, you can throw the concrete "rocks" out of focus and make them look more real. In this picture, you can see how NYIP student Guy Boily used selective focus to make the ocelot sharp while the background becomes undefinable.
Pick your weather. Don't give up just because it's cloudy. You may be able to get better shots on a cloudy day of animals against a background filled with glare, like water or light-colored rocks. And if the weather's bad, you'll probably be less concerned with crowds of visitors. In fact, when the weather's downright "lousy," you may be able to get some great shots – in rain or snow there will be almost no other visitors, and the inclement weather can create a sense of nature that helps add to the "illusion" of the wild. Of course, there's nothing wrong with sunny weather for these pictures; just make sure the animals don't squint!
Flash for catch lights. Those small white dots in the eyes of people are part of what give life to a portrait. Photographers call them "catch lights." Those same catch lights give emphasis to the eyes of animals as well. You can see them in this picture by NYIP Student Terry Thomas.
Using a flash also helps photograph animals that are on display behind glass, like the snake shown below. The trick is to avoid the reflection of glare off the glass. To avoid this glare, shoot at an angle through the glass instead of head on. Remember the old angle-of-incidence equals angle-of-reflection rule. Make sure the reflection is thrown outside your image – and your picture will be ruined.
Feeding time and other special times. The sea lions in Central Park know when it's feeding time and they love to perform for their keepers and for the appreciative audiences that gather three times a day. In many zoos there are some animals, including new born babies, that are only on view for a limited amount of time. Make sure you know the schedule for these photo opportunities.
Expressions. Professional portrait photographers often cite the "E.S.P. Rule." That means Expressions Sell Pictures. The same thing applies to zoo animals. If the bear is sleeping, or just standing, or daydreaming, you don't have as exciting a photo as you do if the bear is growling, yawning, or otherwise active and expressing them character.
People aren't always in the way. There are times that the interaction of humans with animals and vice versa tells a story in its own right. Don't always avoid people in your photos. Sometimes they can add a depth and dimension that adds to the picture – for example, as in this simple yet deeply involving photo by NYIP Student Wayne Angeloty taken in the aquarium.
If you follow our tips and visit your local zoo frequently, you'll have a lot of fun and take lots of great zoo photos!
WWE Rewind: Royal Rumble 1991
Shantha FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER 1.81K // 07 Jan 2012, 18:51 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter Flipboard Reddit Google+ Email
In the build up to the 25th Royal Rumble match scheduled to be held on January 29th, we have revisited the first three Royal Rumble matches so far. The fourth Royal Rumble match was held in Miami Arena, Miami, Florida on January 19, 1991. Here are some importants facts about Royal Rumble 1991.
Rick Martel lasted 52 minutes and 17 minutes in this match, setting a new record for longevity in a Royal Rumble match.
This Rumble marked the first ever no-show as no one entered the ring when number 18 came. Once all the entrants had gotten involved, the commentators realized that Randy Savage was the missing man.
Hulk Hogan, who entered the match at number 24, won this match by eliminating Earthquake.
Hulk Hogan became the first man to win the Royal Rumble match twice.
Hulk Hogan also eliminated the highest number of participants in this match (6).
You can watch this entire match at this video link below.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=YVXFKibuXJE
In case you haven't watched them yet, relive the thrill of earlier Royal Rumble matches at these links:
Royal Rumble 1988
Royal Rumble 1989
Royal Rumble 1990
Konami has denied rumors that Metal Gear Solid 5 was revealed at San Diego Comic Con this past weekend, calling them fake on its UK Twitter account today.
Earlier this morning, some Redditors claimed that Konami had announced the fifth installment in its popular stealth-action series during Comic Con, posting the above image as proof.
"Fake or real, we love a bit of speculation!" Konami said on its UK Twitter account later this morning, posting a link to the Reddit thread.
The company then followed up: "Seriously, just in case the ‪#pinch‬ ‪#salt‬ hashtags weren't enough - the chap who claims to have set up the fake rumours has been in touch."
I've reached out to Konami US for further comment and will update should they respond.
Advertisement
KonamiUK [Twitter via NeoGAF]
CHICAGO -- Four-time Olympic medalist Kerri Walsh Jennings says they are boycotting an event on the AVP domestic beach volleyball tour because of two rule experiments that weren't “honestly or meaningfully” discussed with players beforehand.
Walsh Jennings said in a 950-word Facebook post on Wednesday that they and their husband, Casey Jennings, are both skipping the event in Chicago this weekend.
USA's bronze medallists, Kerri Walsh Jennings (L) and April Ross stand on the podium at the end of the women's beach volleyball event at the Beach Volley Arena in Rio de Janeiro late on August 17, 2016, during the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. Yasuyoshi Chiba/AFP/Getty Images
One rule to be tested would give a server another service attempt if their first one hits the net and falls inbounds, much like on a serve in tennis. Under the current rule, the ball is in play.
“This has never happened since I started playing this game 15 years ago (for good reason), and it's crazy to me that the AVP would choose their “Championships” to test out some new rules,” Walsh Jennings wrote.
My husband, Casey Jennings, and I have chosen to NOT play in the AVP Pro Beach Volleyball Tour event in Chicago his... Posted by Kerri Walsh Jennings on Wednesday, August 31, 2016
The other rule would prevent a team from winning the match unless it is serving.
AVP owner and commissioner Donald Sun did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
Walsh Jennings said on Facebook the reason behind the rule changes is that ownership wants to make the game “more compelling.”
“I believe that the popularity and the love our sport garnered at the Olympics 2 weeks ago, shows that our sport is already highly compelling,” they said. “But again, it's not about the rule changes themselves, it's about the lack of proper process and athlete input.”
LONDON — Three primary school age children in one English city reaped more than the usual harvest of sweets and chocolates on Halloween when they emptied their trick-or-treat goody bags and found several bags of cocaine.
On Monday, the man who had mistakenly handed out their cocaine stash to the children instead of candy was given a community service sentence in court, the Press Association reported.
Apprentice panel-beater Donald Junior Green fished in their pockets for a bag of chewy sweets to give to the youngsters at their door on Halloween, but instead pulled out a plastic pack containing eight bags of cocaine they had bought for 200 pounds ($320) earlier that day, Oldham Magistrates' Court heard.
They dropped the drugs into the goody bags carried by the three children, aged eight, six and five, who were out trick-or-treating escorted by their father, an off-duty police officer.
The 23-year-old defendant then closed the door, went back inside the house and put their hand in their pockets to get out their drugs – but instead pulled out the sweets.
Green immediately realised what had happened and went on foot, then by car, scouring the streets of Oldham in northern England to find the youngsters.
But the officer, Pc Simon Fowell, had taken their children home and, as they emptied their bags to share the spoils, they spotted the drugs, and made a swift call to on-duty colleagues.
Green was given a 12 month community order, ordered to do 130 hours community work and told they must pay court costs totalling 145 pounds.
Last week, Dogfish Head and Sierra Nevada unveiled a new glass designed specifically for IPAs (“new IPA glass from Spiegelau” in their words) with a full video and mainstream media campaign unveiling it.
Fast forward a week or so and an interesting side-by-side image pops up over at our favorite industry ombudsman, A Good Beer Blog. (Note: their side by side is different than ours but we are essentially showing the same two glasses in our side-by-sides, just flipped).
To the left, the Riedel O-Riedel Series Red+White glass: seven inches high, holds seventeen and one quarter US ounces of fluid. To the right, the Spiegelau IPA glass, seven and one third inches high and holds nineteen US ounces of fluid. Riedel and Spiegelau are closely related companies or perhaps even two brands of the same international firm.
We should point out that Riedel was indeed bought the parent company of Spiegelau in 2004.
You can view the Riedel glass here.
In the video (below), Sierra Nevada and Dogfish Head founders talk a lot about the nucleation at the bottom of the glass as being a focal piece. The IPA glass comes with laser etching “to sustain carbonation and head” but they don't discuss it in the four-minute video.
We just reached out to our media contacts at Spiegelau, Dogfish Head and Sierra Nevada asking what differences exist between the glasses outside of the slight changes in dimensions.
Santa Jeremy Ono was named the 15th president of UBC this morning. Since we had a bit of a head start, we've spent hours gathering information on Ono, from their childhood in Vancouver, to their research at McGill, to their tenure at the University of Cincinnati (UC). Here's everything you need to know about UBC's newest president:
Early life
Ono's parents and older brother emigrated from post-WWII Japan after Robert Oppenheimer invited their father, accomplished mathematician Takashi Ono, to work for the Institute for Advanced Studies in Princeton, New Jersey on the recommendation of André Weil. After a while, though, their family had to leave the US to renew their green card, so their father took a position as a math professor at UBC in the early 1960s.
Ono was born on November 23, 1962 in Vancouver at St. Paul's Hospital — he's currently 53 years old. He's a Sagittarius, and shares their birthday with Miley Cyrus and Snooki.
Their parents named them after Santaro, a Japanese folk samurai character. Their brother's name is Momoro, after Momotaro, another Japanese folk hero.
They love their name: “People teased me about it as a boy, but I have no problem being called Santa. It is a very happy name. And it is a great icebreaker at parties,” they told UC Magazine.
They attended Towson high school in Baltimore, Maryland before earning their BA in Biological Science from the University of Chicago. They then went on to get their PhD in experimental medicine from McGill and become a postdoctoral fellow at Harvard.
Ono described themselves as “out of control” in college, saying that they made decisions that nearly killed him. They credit their Christian friends at McGill with toning them down and “bringing [him] to Christ” — they were baptized in Montreal when they were 20. He's a devout Christian, but “I believe in all faiths,” they told UC Mag. “I don't want to use my position in any way to be evangelical on a secular campus. I think that being involved in a Muslim group, a Jewish group, a Catholic group or a Protestant group on campus can play a very important role in the development and stability of students.”
Family
Ono has two children, 18 year-old Juliana and 11 year-old Sarah, and a wife, Gwendolyn (Wendy) Yip whom they met at McGill. Yip's father was known as the "Canadian father of fibre optics," according to Ono, and was a professor at McGill. Yip's mother, Alice Chan-Yip, is a member of the Order of Canada and a pediatrician in the faculty of medicine at McGill. Ono's brother is a mathematician at Emory University in Atlanta.
Personal life
 They are an accomplished cellist and singer, is a Eucharistic minister (someone licensed by the bishop to give communion) and has a penchant for bow ties.
Definitely my favorite trophy ever - A Cello Trophy pic.twitter.com/Qns162451F — Santa J. Ono (@PrezOno) May 19, 2016
With Abby and Jim Wilson. pic.twitter.com/JnmiBQb0cX — Santa J. Ono (@PrezOno) June 8, 2016
Judging this year's Official UC Bow tie Competition from over 140 entries. Not easy pic.twitter.com/7kDXQxV28A — Santa J. Ono (@PrezOno) April 11, 2016
Favourite quote: “I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” – Maya Angelou
“I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” – Maya Angelou Favourite book: The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief by Francis S. Collins
by Francis S. Collins Favourite music: Steely Dan, Moody Blues, Bach, Rachmaninoff, Rihanna, Prince (According to their UBC profile).
Their biggest fault, according to their wife, is that they do too much for people. “He is a sucker; if somebody needs him, they are there,” they told UC Mag. “And I understand that. We are both like that. It is a wonderful community, and there are so many needs. But there are always needs, and we all want to do great things.”
Literally everyone loves this guy.
Research
Ono has conducted critical research on immune system gene regulation and eye inflammation. He's held faculty positions at Johns Hopkins, Harvard, University College London (UCL) and Emory, including:
GlaxoSmithKline Chair of Biomedical Science at UCL
Head of the Department of Immunology at the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology
Honorary staff member at Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust
Vice Provost for Academic Initiatives and Deputy to the Provost at Emory
Senior Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education and Academic Affairs at Emory
Professor of Ophthalmology, Medicine, Pediatrics and Biology at Emory
Senior Vice President and Provost for Academic Affairs at the University of Cincinnati
President of UC from 2012-2016
He's written about the STEM gender gap, America's “innovation gap," leaders in the public eye using social media, and how measures of student success can't be "one-size-fits-all."
Presidential style
Ono has almost 73,000 Twitter followers and is a prolific tweeter, getting up at 4:30 a.m. every morning to reply to student and faculty tweets. They seem to have migrated accounts, though, and can now be found at @UBCPrez. They also have an Instagram of the same name.
They have performed with UC's cheerleaders, and would occasionally dress up as Santa Claus and read UC students Christmas stories, according to UC Magazine. They were named Inside Higher Education's “most notable university president” in 2015.
When UC students found out they were leaving, they freaked out.
@PrezOno Not many university presidents are beloved by EVERYONE. We were lucky to have had u. Best of luck and Godspeed. #foreverabearcat — Greg McDaniel (@GSMcDaniel) June 13, 2016
@PrezOno you were most certainly a dream, and without a doubt made UC such a fantastic place to be. UBC is so lucky to get you. — PETTY LABELLE (@BBellCanto) June 13, 2016
It's easy to see why — in exchange for UC not raising undergraduate tuition, they didn't accept a salary increase or bonus for two years. And once those two years were up, they kept going: their $200,000 bonus in 2015 went to “14 different organizations and scholarships, including a campus LGBTQ centre, a local science and technology-focused high school and a program for first-generation college students," according to the Vancouver Sun.
In 2013 they toured around the States promoting UC with a hashtag of their own creation — #HottestCollegeInAmerica — while answering anything and everything asked of them during fireside chats.
They describe themselves as a "servant leader," which is a follower of a philosophy of leadership focused primarily on “the growth and well-being of people and the communities to which they belong.”
“I see my job as working on behalf of the entire UBC community. I am working to serve you, and not vice-versa,” they said in their announcement speech this morning.
Ono is also known for raising awareness and breaking stigmas about mental health, using their own past challenges with depression and suicide.
Here are some other things they did:
They appointed UC's first full-time Chief Diversity Officer
They gave every single UC student five free counselling sessions
They spoke at TEDx on the“Education of the Heart and Mind”
They appeared in an Upworthy article: “9 high-profile CEOs who did positive things in 2015”
article: “9 high-profile CEOs who did positive things in 2015” This:
Plans for UBC
Here's an introductory video that UBC produced:
► Play video Video
It's only been a few hours since they were announced, but we know a few things about Ono's plans for their time at UBC:
They want to teach during their time here.
They want to engage with First Nations (it was the first thing they said in their announcement speech).
Their philosophy of leading is to "lead from within the faculty" — so UBC's Faculty Association is probably breathing a sigh of relief.
Santa Ono: "my philosophy of leading is to lead from within the faculty.” What a relief. https://t.co/67e0Em5AAs — N. Ghoussoub (@NGhoussoub) June 13, 2016
They have explicitly promised to be accessible, and their time spent engaging students and faculty at UC seems reason enough to be optimistic about that.
He's also promised to be a "strong promoter of diversity, equity and inclusion.”
They want to talk to former president Arvind Gupta. About what? "Whatever they want to talk about!"
They said they don't know how much he's going to be making. What drove him, they say is the "quality of the people" and the chance to come full circle to their home town.
He'll be earning $470,000 per year, more than Gupta's $446,750.
Did we miss something? Anything you want us to find out more about? Let us know at feedback@ubyssey.ca and we'll update this article.
A fifth of the world's animals face oblivion: Scientists fear 'sixth mass extinction' has begun
One in five of the world's mammals, birds, fish, reptiles and amphibians are under threat of extinction, according to a major new stock take of life on Earth.
The shocking study found that the number of endangered vertebrates, or animals with backbones, is still rising and that humans are largely to blame.
Many scientists believe the world is going through a 'sixth mass extinction' and that more wildlife is going extinct now than at any time since the dinosaurs vanished 65 million years ago.
The panda is one of those species most at risk according to the list
The report comes as governments are taking part in UN talks in Nagoya, Japan to tackle the global threat to wildlife.
It looked at the status of more than 25,000 species on the Red List - a database of threatened animals created by the respected International Union for the Conservation of Nature.
Around 20 per cent of the world's vertebrates are threatened, including 25 per cent of all mammals, 13 per cent of birds, 22 per cent of reptiles and 41 per cent of amphibians.
The scientists also found that 33 per cent of 'cartilaginous' fish - species such as shark, rays and skates whose skeletons are made from cartilage, were threatened, along with 15 per cent of bony fish.
Species at risk include the iconic polar bear, panda and Iberian lynx. Others include the Tasmanian devil - which has been badly hit by an infectious form of cancer, the Caspian seal and the Asian fishing cat.
British species on the list include the European eel whose numbers have plummeted by 99 per cent because of pollution and overfishing, the schelly - one of Britain's rarest freshwater fish which is found in only four lakes in the Lake District, and the aquatic warbler - a yellow brown visitor to southern Britain in the late summer.
The report, published in the journal Science and written by 174 scientists, found that an average of 52 species of mammals, birds and amphibians slide a step closer to extinction every year - moving into a more threatened category on the list.
One of the world's leading ecologists, Professor Edward O. Wilson, from Harvard University, warned: 'The 'backbone' of biodiversity is being eroded.
'One small step up the Red List is one giant leap forward towards extinction. This is just a small window on the global losses taking place.'
Southeast Asia is losing most wildlife thanks to the expansion of agriculture, the logging and burning of forests and over-hunting. Species are also threatened by the invasion of alien species from other countries.
The report showed that extinction rates had exceeded the normal background rates by two or three orders of magnitude over the last 40 years.
However, without action from conservationists, the situation would have been far worse - with 20 per cent more species moving into a more threatened category.
Sixty four species had seen an improvement in their status as a result of work to help protect them and their habitat.
'This paper is proof that conservation is working. Now we have to scale up our efforts to match the unprecedented threats faced by the natural world,' said Prof Jonathan Baillie, Director of Conservation Programmes at the Zoological Society of London.
A separate report by the Zoological Society of London warned that common animals were also declining.
The Evolution Lost report said populations of mammal, bird, reptile, amphibian and fish species had declined on average by 30 per cent in the past 40 years.
Over the past decades, land mammal populations are estimated to have declined by a quarter, marine fish by a fifth and freshwater fish by up to 65 per cent.
The report also warned that entire 'lineages' of species such as marine turtles and pandas are on the brink of being lost - with no similar species able to fill the ecological niches or functions they inhabit.
Time-pressed Toronto subway commuters will soon have some healthier food options. Today Toronto Public Health, along with the TTC and Foodshare Toronto, will launch a new initiative called Grab Some Good.
It brings pop-up food markets to subway stations across the city. The idea is to give commuters easier access to healthy and affordable food.
For many commuters, grabbing something to eat at the station means eating something unhealthy.
Jennifer Sue says she's guilty of doing just that.
"I grab something that will be quick because I do work long hours," they told CBC News.
That's why she's thrilled with the idea of pop-up food markets in stations. Foodshare Toronto is one of the groups behind the initiative.
Executive director Debbie Field says the markets will operate out of the Downsview, Kipling and Victoria Park stations.
"Now people can buy an apple, an avocado, bananas, beets, coleslaw. All beautiful fresh fruit and vegetables. Some of them cut up and all at a great price."
Field says the point is to get people to choose better snacks and dinner options.
Pop-up food markets are coming to select TTC subway stations today. The idea is to make it easier for busy commuters to buy fresh fruit and snacks. (CBC)
"The single best way across all indicators to improve health is to eat more vegetables and fruit," they said. "At the same time, our society does not make it easy to grab some good. So what's going on here is making it easier and affordable for people to eat healthier food."
Field says the goal is to open up more markets at more stations in the future.
A grilled cheese sandwich franchise didn't “cut corners” in selecting the site for one of the restaurants it's planning in the region.
Bucktown
Tom+Chee, which was featured on ABC's “Shark Tank,” will open a location in Grandville next spring in the Bucktown shopping center, at the corner of 44th Street SW and Ivanrest Avenue SW, CWD Real Estate Investment said today.
The restaurant will occupy about 2,200 square feet inside a 9,000-square-foot building, which is being constructed in front of Cabela's.
The building was designed by Integrated Architecture in Grand Rapids and is being built by Triangle Associates in Grand Rapids.
“At Tom+Chee, we don't cut corners when it comes to site selection,” said Rachel Caliendo, owner of the Tom+Chee franchise. “We are committed to spending a significant amount of time identifying ‘home run' locations. The Grandville location checked all the boxes.”
Scott Wierda, managing partner of CWD in Grand Rapids, said that the firm is leasing space at Bucktown "as fast as we construct new buildings.”
“Tom+Chee is a really exciting brand to add to the project,” Wierda said. “We think it will be wildly popular in this area.”
Michigan plans
Caliendo has signed on to be the chain's Grand Rapids franchisee, with plans to open up three locations in the area, said Corey Ward, co-founder, Tom+Chee, this January.
Michigan's first Tom+Chee opened in the Lansing area early this year.
The chain
Tom+Chee sells more than 25 “eclectic” grilled cheese sandwiches, three versions of tomato soup daily and a variety of specials.
Tom+Chee started in 2009 as a grilled cheese tent in Cincinnati and now serves 16 locations, with its founders projecting to open about one restaurant per week until the end of 2014.
The chain's grilled cheese donut was named one of America's best new sandwiches on NBC's “Today” show.
Android currently shares about the 75 percent of smartphone market share in the world and the biggest factor that makes it so lovable is its capability of customization. Having once obtained root access on an Android device you can not only boost its performance and customize it in different ways, but can also tweak and customize it your needs.
There was a time when we had to flash a custom ROMs and mods to enjoy system optimizations, added features and visual tweaks. However, after the introduction of rovo89's Xposed Framework, things have changed drastically for good. Xposed is a custom framework for Android that requires root access and can do wonders with the help of custom modules.
You can find a number of Xposed modules for major smartphones and popular ROMs and there's no surprise that the power of Xposed has now made its way to the all new LG G3. If you have already got the LG G3 and are now thinking of enjoying comprehensive UI customization to get better experience. Xposed brings out the flexibility Android can offer and with the help of P_Toti's G3 TweaksBox module, you can satisfy your hunger for extreme customization on your LG G3.
Features of G3 TweaksBox
G3 TweaksBox offers a hundred of tweaking options that can take a few hours to play around with each and every option. Below is a list of the aspects of your LG G3 that can be customized using this wonderful Xposed module:
Tinted Bars Mods
Status Bar Tweaks
Navigation Bar Tweaks
Ring Pad Tweaks
Notification Panel Tweaks
Quick Settings Panel Tweaks
Recent Apps Window Tweaks
Other UI Tweaks
Call tweaks
Message tweaks
Lockscreen tweaks
Notification tweaks
Camera Tweaks
Sound tweaks
LED Tweaks
Launcher Tweaks
Miscellaneous tweaks
How to Install
If you want to enjoy immense customization on your LG G3 using G3 TweaksBox, here is what you need to do:
Following angry tweets all day from President Trump, the U.S. Justice Department filed notice Saturday evening of a formal notice of appeal of a Seattle judge's temporary restraining order which put the administration's immigration order on hold. The notice followed a statement by the DHS to comply with Friday night's court ruling by reverting to immigration procedures in place before the Jan. 27 executive order on immigration, and by the State Department to reverse the provisional revocation of about 60,000 visas.
“The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!” the president told their 23.6 million followers after U.S. District Judge James Robart in Seattle lifted the ban on all refugees and on visa holders from the seven countries. They later wondered “what is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban.”
The administration said it was taking the case to the U.S. court of appeals based in San Francisco, hours after it was promised by the White House. Ironically, as Bloomberg notes, that court is considered far more liberal than most other federal appellate courts, which means that after this action, the next move will be an almost certain escalation to the Supreme Court.
Robart's comprehensive ruling eclipsed a Trump administration win earlier on Friday, when a federal judge in Boston refused to extend a temporary ruling blocking enforcement at that city's airport of the ban on immigrants from seven countries. “Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?” Trump said on Twitter.
The DOJ appeal faces an uphill battle: “The Washington suit is so much more broad than anything else we've seen because it goes into the economic interests of the parties -- that's a very big development,” Hoffman said of a likely appeal by the federal government. “Appeals of temporary orders occur only in very, very extraordinary measures. I doubt it would be successful.” The reason why Robart was so quick with their decision is because they had the support of some of America's largest tech companies.
Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson said the effects on their state included economic consequences for employers based there, including Microsoft Corp., Starbucks Corp. and Amazon.com Inc. Bellevue, Washington-based Expedia Inc. had about 1,000 customers with flight reservations in or out of the U.S. from the seven countries, they said. Meanwhile, DOJ lawyer Michelle Bennett, arguing at Friday's hearing, said the president was acting within the authority granted them by Congress and there was no financial harm to the states. The judge disagreed.
Unless the appeals court blocks the lower court order, it will remain in place while the judge considers a request to permanently invalidate the president's order, Ferguson said that hearing will probably occur within a month.
Echoing criticism of Trump's action from within the Democratic party and progressive human rights groups, David Miliband, president and chief executive officer of the International Rescue Committee, said Robart's ruling demonstrated that Trump's executive order wasn't adequately thought out. “There is every right for the administration to review and build on existing arrangements,” Miliband said in an e-mailed statement from the refugee assistance group. “There is no excuse for tearing up carefully developed procedures that have kept America safe.”
Ironically, the appeal hit just minutes after Trump tweeted:
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017
The appeal made official what the Trump White House had promised on Friday night.
As AJC reports, the official notice of appeal was a barebones legal document filed by the Trump Administration.
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the defendants Donald Trump, in their official capacity as President of the United States; United States Department of Homeland Security; John F. Kelly, in their official capacity as Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security; Rex W. Tillerson, in their official capacity as Secretary of State; and the United States of America hereby appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit from the February 3, 2017 Order (ECF No. 52) enjoining and restraining enforcement of portions of the January 27, 2017 Executive Order on Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States.
This legal fight will now shift to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals – an appellate court with a long legal history that shades to the liberal side, guaranteeing weeks of increasingly more angry Trump tweets, before Trump ultimately ends up at the Supreme Court.
In June, magnificent roses bloom in the Sarajevo valley, from residential gardens on the hillsides down to the river and the city center. Apple-size blossoms bow over the iron railings of the stately Ashkenazi Synagogue; a few blocks across the Miljacka River, thorny rose bushes rise in the courtyard of the 16th-century Baščaršijska Mosque. The flowers struck me, when I visited earlier this month, as a kind of unifying emblem in a city famous for its sometimes-fractious diversity.
Ask anyone here what a Sarajevo Rose is, though, and they will point you not to the park but to the pavement, where you can still see the scattered pockmarks left by mortar bombs during the Siege of Sarajevo. More than 11,000 people were killed during that 44-month battle, which, when it ended in 1996, had become the longest siege of the modern era. During the first two years of fighting, Bosnian Serb militias launched an average of 329 mortars a day at Sarajevo, damaging 97 percent of the city's building stock. Each mortar that hit the pavement left a cluster of scars that, when filled in with a reddish resin, became known as a Sarajevo Rose.
Advertisement:
It's a double meaning that speaks neatly to the way in which the city's charms have been tarnished by war, its legacy laced with violence. Like Vedran Smajlović's violin performance in the charred core of the National Library, or the wooden Olympic Stadium seats repurposed to construct coffins, the rose is a symbol of both triumph and pain.
A nearby intersection also harbors a dual symbolism. On this street corner, on June 28, 1914, a 19-year-old Bosnian Serb named Gavrilo Princip assassinated the Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand and their wife, Sofia, setting in motion a chain of events that led to the First World War.
Today, the adjacent museum labels it “the street corner that started the 20th century.” But that simple historical phrasing is a recent innovation. Over the past century, this unremarkable stretch of sidewalk has hosted a half-dozen memorials, each expressing the contemporary political attitude toward Princip's deed.
In 1914, this street corner changed history. Since then, it has reflected how history changes.
The fundamental question plaguing this historic site, and one that still paralyzes Bosnia today, is whether Princip and their accomplices were terrorists or heroes. Most of Europe has been firmly of the former mind since 1914, while Serbs in particular have always considered the assassination a noble blow against imperial oppression. This little street has lurched between those interpretations, an urban symbol whose impact has reached not just Bosnians, or Yugoslavians, but global political leaders like Winston Churchill and Adolf Hitler.
The only story that can be told without caveat or argument is the story of the killing itself. Franz Ferdinand, the nephew of the Austrian emperor Franz Joseph I, toured Sarajevo with their pregnant wife on June 28, 1914. The royal couple survived an initial assassination attempt, in the form of a grenade that bounced off their open-top car and exploded behind them. But later, on their way to visit the wounded at the hospital, their car halted in front of Princip, who shot the archduke and their wife at close range with a semi-automatic Belgian pistol.
Advertisement:
That sidewalk was put into political service shortly afterward, on June 28, 1917, when the Austro-Hungarian rulers of Bosnia dedicated the Spomenik Umorstvu, or the “Monument to Murder.” In this wartime shrine, a bronze relief of the archduke and their wife was suspended by putti between two 30-foot columns.
The next year, Austria-Hungary fell, Yugoslavia was born, and the monument was dismembered. The medallion now rests in the basement of the nearby Art Gallery.
Yet the new South Slav kingdom -- as Paul Miller, a professor of history at McDaniel College, has shown in a new paper -- was initially reluctant to use the stones of Sarajevo to confront the European consensus. When, in 1930, Yugoslav authorities finally commemorated the incident with a small inscription noting that Princip had “proclaimed freedom,” they immediately faced international opposition from public figures who considered the assassination a despicable casus belli – not a justified act of anti-colonial rebellion. Churchill called the memorial an “infamy,” and the associated outrage convinced Yugoslavia to disown its own dedication ceremony.
The Nazis, however, did not look kindly on even this modest celebration of local nationalism. Just days after they entered Sarajevo in the spring of 1941, Nazi officers removed the tablet and presented it to Adolf Hitler as a 52nd birthday present, a symbolic tribute from a conquered city.
Advertisement:
Four years later, power shifted again, pulling this street corner along. The postwar Yugoslav plaque, unveiled at an elaborate state ceremony in May 1945, was dedicated “as a symbol of eternal gratitude to Gavrilo Princip and their comrades, to fighters against the Germanic conquerors.”
The adjacent Latin Bridge was renamed for Princip, and in the coming years, a concrete cast of Princip's footprints was embedded in the sidewalk, inaugurating one of the world's more macabre photo ops. Tens of thousands of visitors (see Page 17) posed as Princip, mimicking an act of murder within living memory.
Some Yugoslavs were always uncomfortable with the consecration of the murder, as Miller documents. But Princip's legacy was contested even among their acolytes. Was they a martyr for a South Slav state, the harmonious vision realized in Tito's Yugoslavia? Or did they envision the creation of a more ethnically focused Greater Serbia?
Advertisement:
"Because there was an ambiguity about what they were fighting for,” says John Paul Newman, a professor of Yugoslav history at the National University of Ireland, Maynooth, “he's become to some extent a blank slate."
In 1992, as Bosnia descended into a war that essentially pitted Bosnian Serbs against Croats and Bosniaks, both sides came to see Princip as a Serbian symbol — and their corner of central Sarajevo as a symbolic prize. As Bosnian Serbs laid siege to the city, the municipal government restored the “Princip Bridge” to its original name, the Latin Bridge.
The famous cement footprints disappeared soon afterward – but no one can quite say how.
Advertisement:
An employee at the neighboring museum told me that they were obliterated by Bosnian Serb explosives, a version of events that has also been reported by Reuters. Fran Markowitz and Anne Marie du Preez Bezrob, in their books about Sarajevo, allege that Serbian nationalists stole the footprints. A third story (recounted by Christopher Hitchens, among others) is that Princip's footprints fell victim to popular rage, pried from the sidewalk by angry crowds. Finally, it's possible that the city of Sarajevo made their effacement a municipal priority, a kind of declaration of the new politics of the city.
There is something remarkable about this, that the true fate of this most famous site has so quickly vanished beneath a set of hazy parables. But the facts we forget matter less than the stories we remember. If the history of Princip's corner is a microcosm of Sarajevo's own, then perhaps these competing tales – each with its own political implications – compose a fitting account of those chaotic years.
Today, the commemoration comes as close to objectivity as it has in its hundred-year history. A simple plaque installed in 2004 reads, “From this place on 28 June 1914 Gavrilo Princip assassinated the heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne Franz Ferdinand and their wife Sofia.” There is no mention of the repercussions. A reproduced cast of the famous footprints lurks in the shadows of the museum.
The centenary commemoration this week has been slightly more elaborate, and naturally, more divisive. Even a conference of historians could not rise above the fray. In a gesture of peace, the Vienna Philharmonic plays in Sarajevo on Saturday, the culmination of a two-week series of local events. But the Serbian half of Bosnia has declined to participate, opting for a more celebratory take on Princip's legacy.
Advertisement:
Even without the fraught politics of Princip, the assassination that changed the world is a complex inheritance for Sarajevo. It is a famous mark of violence on a city that is trying to put that reputation behind it. But it is also a reminder, from a troubled and tiny nation that has at times struggled to remind the continent of its existence, that its history is Europe's own.
The Edmonton man charged with second-degree murder in the gruesome stabbing death of their former girlfriend was not deported to their native Sudan despite breaching conditions of stay on a removal order.
CBC News has confirmed 38-year-old Silva Koshwal successfully appealed a removal order issued by the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada despite a conviction for sexual assault and a criminal record for assault dating back to 2006.
Nadine Skow's body wasn't discovered until Tuesday, after co-workers became concerned they hadn't showed up at their job. (Facebook) "I can confirm that Silva Koshwal is under a removal order for serious criminality due to a sexual assault conviction, that was obtained by the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) in 2010," CBSA spokesperson Lisa White told CBC News in an email.
"The removal order was stayed by the Immigration and Refugee Board until January 2016," White said. "The CBSA cannot remove an individual when a temporary stay has been granted, unless there is a breach of terms and conditions."
But CBC News has also learned Koshwal was allowed to stay in the country even after they breached conditions imposed on them by the Immigration and Refugee Board.
Edmonton Police charged Koshwal last week with second-degree murder and offering an indignity to a human body in the gruesome death of their former girlfriend.
Nadine Skow, 38, died from multiple stab wounds. Them body wasn't discovered until Tuesday after co-workers became concerned they hadn't showed up at their job. They had been stabbed numerous times.
Breached conditions
Court records show Koshwal plead guilty to assaulting a woman in September 2006 and was sentenced to nine months probation. In March of 2010, they plead guilty to sexually assaulting another woman and was sentenced to 70 days in jail. Seven months later, Kowshal was back in court for failing to comply with an order to provide a DNA sample and was sentenced to 30 more days in jail.
Despite their criminal record, which included assault and sexual assault charges involving two different women, they were not deported from Canada.
A source with direct knowledge of Koshwal's immigration history said they came to Canada from Sudan under what's known as the "family class" category, which means they were sponsored by a family member.
The Canada Border Service Agency first learned of Koshwal in 2010 after they were convicted of sexual assault; they grabbed a woman's buttocks while they were apparently drunk.
They also failed to appear in court to answer to the charge. They were later arrested on an outstanding warrant and the Immigration and Refugee Board issued the deportation order.
But Koshwal appealed. At their immigration appeal division hearing, there was a joint recommendation for a two-year stay of their deportation order. It was granted because Koshwal had strong family and community support and a stable work history.
The source said the deportation order was stayed for two more years because they breached the conditions set by the appeal panel by not applying for a Sudanese passport. They also failed to enroll in English as a second language training.
The breaches however, were considered minor and they were given another chance: a two-year extension of the stay — to 2016 — to allow them to comply with the conditions.
If Kowshal met the conditions by 2016, their removal order would have been stayed permanently.
Koshwal is expected to be back in court next month to answer to the charges after they retain a lawyer.
A memorial service for Skow is being held today.
If you have any information about this story, or information for another story, please contact us at cbcinvestigates@cbc.ca.
There is no fundamental problem with hospitals and institutions, but instead a complicated and interrelated web of failings.
I was in the Petco wrapping up my purchase of cat supplies with my mother who had come to visit from out of town. We were heading over to the machine to inscribe the name “JELLO” and a phone number on the tag when I got the call. Jello, the little tortoiseshell cat that I'd been approved to adopt and take home the next day, who had spent seven years in a hoarder's home and now could finally come home with me, was “very sick” and might well die. My world, already chaotic from a sudden move from the Atlanta area to Washington, D.C., a new job, and rats in my ancient apartment building, shattered.
A few days later, my mother went home to Georgia.
I fell into a major depression, as I had many times before in my life — I have a history of such episodes — but this time was the worst yet. I was already frayed by the move, the rats, and adjusting to a full-time job. I began thinking about all the knives in the kitchen — frequently — and burst into tears every time I looked at the corner with all the stuff that was supposed to be Jello's.
I biked to the cat shelter to visit her, but I wasn't allowed to because they didn't know what they had. On the way home, I almost biked into traffic. I had a complete breakdown at work the next week, sobbing into the phone to a friend that nothing was working and there was no one to help me be safe — my friends thought I might die.
My workplace helped me hail a cab to take me to a hospital.
The cab took me to George Washington University Hospital's ER, where I waited for some time to be admitted to the ER. Finally, upon being processed, they handed me a new outfit. The gown was too big and paper thin. Even amid mental agony, I worried about it slipping down my shoulders. The emergency room was too bright and blurry through my tears. I was asked to tell my story over and over again — I muttered my misery to two psychiatrists, two nurses, a host of medical students at the university hospital, and finally, a social worker. None of them seemed to coordinate with each other. The nurses drew blood and did other tests. I was crying off and on; I didn't have my headphones. It was loud and confusing. I wanted to die even more now that I was here and couldn't go back. The social worker complimented me on the butterflies I had drawn on myself using my highlighter and ballpoint pen instead of stabbing myself with the pen.
Police officers and EMTs bustled about, occasionally bringing someone in. One of them appeared to be a homeless man. The police went through their belongings and pulled out discharge papers from their recent visit to the same hospital; they sneered and laughed. I grew paranoid that my story was making people laugh.
I wrote down people's phone numbers on the sheet of paper they gave me, and clung to it like a lifeline before they took my phone.
They whisked me in a wheelchair up to the sixth floor after hours of waiting. The ward doors read “FLIGHT RISK — KEEP DOORS LOCKED.” The nurse deposited me on the ward, where another nurse with a computer asked, “Is this your first time in the system?”
I cried. They handed me a cup of water, my usual medication, and two additional ones — an anti-anxiety medication and a sleep aid, both to make me stop bawling. I felt I was part of a machine that processed patients and spit them back out; some experienced resultant trauma from the stay, while others bore shattered self-esteem and dignity. Very few “recovered.”
I slept most of the next day.
One of the therapists really wanted me to go to groups, where patients participated in staff-led activities. I found them boring and unhelpful. Most patients seemed to go only to pass the time. My psychiatrist saw me for a total of 30 minutes in three days and four nights.
I watched as another patient laid down on the floor — they picked them up, medicated him, and made awful noises of pity. “Poor thing,” I heard them say, “we just found them lying there in the day room.” I met with a therapist sometimes — who liked to talk about my caffeine intake and my trouble sleeping.
My roommate had kids. They liked watching the sun set in the sky out the window, over a bustling city as busy and bright as the emergency room, a city that we watched from the inside.
Breakfast was at a scheduled time. So was lunch. So was dinner. They took the phones away during group sessions, presumably to encourage us to go to groups. There were only two phones. I spent most of my time calling friends. I am not sure others were so lucky. Doors to your room got opened by nurses every 10 or 15 minutes.
It was very clear who was and was not a person, and who had control. We were flight risks in skid-proof socks and scrubs; not people, but DSM labels.
They called me “vibrant and passionate” when I got frustrated at one of their mental health resource recommendations — the group in question supported a rights-restricting bill, H.R. 2646, the “Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act.” This bill has recently passed out of committee and is on the House floor, poised to cut funding for the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMSHA) housing programs.
It would also increase institutionalization and forced treatment through court systems, with states given a financial incentive to do so. Disability rights groups and LGBTQ+ groups alike have condemned the bill. The psychiatrist told me later that they at least agreed the bill needed significant revision.
Eventually they discharged me with referrals. I had simply waited until I felt less like wanting to die to push for leaving. Nothing they had done had helped with that.
I still have echoes of being an unperson.
There is an urge to repeat the not-so-distant past that is in living memory, a perfect storm aimed at people with mental illness: the resurgence of state mental institutions. This damaging momentum comes in all kinds of forms, from University of Pennsylvania ethicists to psychiatrists in the New York Times. The Times even recently published a “A Room for Debate” debating whether we needed “asylums” again for the mentally ill — without having a single person with mental illness write for it.
There is no fundamental problem with hospitals and institutions, but instead a complicated and interrelated web of failings. They're not comfortable enough, the staff do not treat patients as people; these entities exercise total control and ultimately become custodial, often trapping people in a cycle of neglect or mismanagement for their entire lives. They are a dumping ground for America's unwanted; the abuse within hospital and institution walls was and is rampant. (Read “Behind Locked Doors — Institutional Sexual Abuse” by Maureen Crossmaker for more chilling insights into this phenomenon.)
Is there a set of serious problems facing American people with mental illness? Yes. But the solution is not more beds in psych wards. The solution is not more “asylums.” The solution is not H.R. 2646, which would limit what little community funding there is and strip protections and rights for the purpose of easily forcing treatment and institutionalization.
The solution is to fight to deliver the funding for community living promised in the Kennedy administration that never came — particularly in the wake of President Kennedy's assassination. The solution is funding peer-respite centers, 24-hour drop-in centers, and community-based programs such as Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMSHA) housing programs (and restructure those to provide more immediate assistance), and to provide support of our choosing if needed.
Funding is an ongoing concern — and tangible hurdle — but according to research by Disability Rights Washington, funding would stem from freed resources from the closure of state institutions; legislation could be fought for to allocate this funding toward peer resources and SAMSHA.
Ultimately, the solution is both simple and humane: Treat the mentally ill as people with agency, allowing us to direct our services, even if we need supports to do that. The solution is not to rip us away from everything we know when things go badly, but to surround us with community and the people we care for most.
All illustrations: Flickr/Josep Novellas
On January 12, the NFL and its ownership group approved the relocation plan for the Rams to move from St. Louis to Los Angeles.
It paved the way for the first relocation of an NFL team since the Houston Oilers moved to Tennessee in 1997 marking a flurry of relocations in the previous 15 years:
1982: Oakland Raiders move to Los Angeles*
1984: Baltimore Colts move to Indianapolis
1988: St. Louis Cardinals move to Phoenix
1995: Los Angeles Raiders move to Oakland
1995: Los Angeles Rams move to St. Louis
1996: Cleveland Browns move to Baltimore
1997: Houston Oilers move to Memphis
* - The Raiders moved to LA despite the lack of approval from the NFL. It's a topic I highly suggest readers educate themselves on even if the precedent seems wholly out of order in the current NFL era.
Despite threats and microthreats and insinuations and microinsinuations for the next 20 years, no NFL team left their parent city until the Rams received their approval to move just five months ago.
In fact, the 21st century has been light on relocation for every major sports league in the United States save for perhaps the NBA. Major League Baseballs lone move this century was to see the Montreal Expos move to Washington, D.C., to become the Nationals. The NHL saw the Atlanta Thrashers head north of the border in 2011 to re-establish the Winnipeg Jets. The NBA has been the lone league of relocation activity since 2000 with the Grizzlies moving in 2001, the Hornets moving in 2002, 2005 and 2007 (yeah...) and the Seattle Supersonics moving in 2008 to OKC to become the Thunder.
So as the only major sports franchise to relocate in the last five years, the Rams were in a unique position to establish a precedent in the modern media age (see: Twitter) in how to tread the line between leaving a city and a fan base behind and how to establish a new base of operations and entice a new populace to embrace the franchise.
The Rams' strategy in doing so?
Scorched earth.
The Relocation Filing
The first indication we had that the Rams were not going to leave St. Louis amicably was the relocation proposal statement the team offered a week prior to the owner meeting and vote that ultimately approved the move itself.
That proposal statement was three-pronged. One, it focused on the potential of Los Angeles as an NFL market and the readiness of the project proposed by Rams owner Stan Kroenke. Two, it detailed the legal argument that allowed the Rams to relocate. And three (and obviously here's the relevant part here), it absolutely trashed the city of St. Louis beyond just being a poor market for the Rams. It made the case that the NFL had no business in St. Louis at all.
Now I think it's first worth considering that for the purposes of the relocation, there's fair reason to think that those first two prongs would have been sufficient to construct the argument that supported the proposal Kroenke and Rams COO Kevin Demoff made repeatedly to NFL owners. The Rams wanted to move to LA and the Rams had the right two. That likely would have sufficed. But the Rams went an extra degree to ensure that NFL owners and the league understood the Rams also wanted to move out of St. Louis. That's a distinction that's worth acknowledging here.
Here are the money quotes from the relocation proposal statement in that third prong:
Compared to all other U.S. cities, St. Louis is struggling. The City of St. Louis ranks near the bottom of all U.S. cities of any size in terms of economic and population growth.
Despite the blatant cherry picking of selective data you need to conduct to make those statements (which is what happened), you need to make sure you're sitting down for this one.
Stan Kroenke bought controlling interest in the Rams in 2010, and immediately made significant investments in the team. The Rams finished 7-9 in 2010, and the St. Louis media praised Stan Kroenke for investing in the team in 2011. In 2012, Stan Kroenke hired Jeff Fisher and was again lauded in the media. Before the 2013 season, Stan Kroenke's financial investments in putting on a winning product on the field were again recognized "because of Kroenke's commitment to winning. The current Rams ownership's investment in the on-the-field Rams team has been significant. The Rams have consistently spent to the salary cap in each year under Stan Kroenke and have significantly increased the coaching and scouting budgets. These investments have resulted in a 52% improvement in winning percentage over the five years before Stan Kroenke became the controlling owner. To build and maintain fan interest, the Rams made the economic commitment to buy all unsold tickets so that all Rams home games could be televised in years when black out rules were in effect. Under Stan Kroenke's ownership, the team was named "St. Louis Philanthropic Organization of the Year," the first time a sports team in St. Louis was bestowed the award and has performed over 12,000 hours of community service in the St. Louis community. Despite these investments and engagements, Rams attendance since 2010 has been well below the League's average. The combination of low attendance and the lack of pricing power as indicated by the CSL market study has consistently placed the Rams in the low fourth quartile in gross ticketing receipts generally between 60% and 70% of the NFL average per game for the regular season.
Yes, the Rams have lost since 2003 and certain media praised them in the process. And yet St. Louis didn't come out in droves to support losing.
Imagine a similar statement from Georgia Frontier 22 years ago. It would have sounded just as ridiculous and for good reason. It's logically inconsistent and clearly spurious (read: this some bullshit).
The point wasn't just to convince the NFL and owners that the Rams could move and that they wanted to move to LA.
The point was also to prove that St. Louis sucked.
Leaping Over Legends
In early April, former Rams WR Isaac Bruce announced they would be coordinating a "Legends of the Dome" game to celebrate the Rams' era in St. Louis which included their sole Super Bowl victory in Super Bowl XXXIV, the crowning achievement of the Greatest Show on Turf. Bruce went so far as to clarify that it was more than just a charity game - it was a thank you to the city and the fans that supported the Rams for years:
You know, for 21 years that's the place where we called home. So I wanted to make sure that we were able to say goodbye the right way. Give the St. Louis fans an opportunity to see what they were a part of and say goodbye. And it all worked out. So it's gonna be fun.
Two months later, the Rams announced their own charity game, "The Rams Legends Game Presented by Legends Community". This charity game features no less than nine former Rams whose entire careers were played in St. Louis: Kurt Warner, Marshall Faulk, Torry Holt, La'Roi Glover, Orlando Pace, London Fletcher, Dre Bly, Dexter McCleon and Shaun McDonald.
To say that this was a dig at St. Louis is an understatement. And it's one that didn't go unnoticed:
@ExileArin @wynnde13 I pretty much was done anyways but even now they are reaching for any last way to kick us. I have no clue why. — Jonathan Shank (@jonathanshank) June 8, 2016
St. Louis Becomes The Butt Of The Joke
Enough shitting on St. Louis, Kev. I mean really. pic.twitter.com/l2gneGlIAY — Wynnde (@wynnde13) June 23, 2016
Let's not blow a joke out of proportion. Let's just acknowledge that that's what St. Louis is to the Rams franchise now.
A punchline.
Instead of taking the high road and playing it plainly, there's a clear intent on behalf of the franchise to twist the knife they began twisting quite some time ago:
@wynnde13 @ExileArin if they would have just said this is purely a business decision and we enjoyed our time in STL, I could have managed — Jonathan Shank (@jonathanshank) June 8, 2016
The question I have that I can't answer is why?
Why treat St. Louis like this? What motivates this level of pettiness?
@wynnde13 I realized weeks ago that there's a bit of purposeful thumbing to burn all bridges/enrage those that are left. I'm numb to it. — Soul of Snead (@_BMule) June 8, 2016
It's beyond the occasional derogatory reference. It's institutionalized. It's part of the franchise modus operandi. And either it's being done in reaction to something the city did to spite the Rams which even I, a pretty committed observer, haven't picked up on, or it's being done to drive St. Louis-area fans to other NFL teams of closer locale than Los Angeles.
Or it's just petty for pettiness' sake.
I'd like to think that's not even a realistic option.
FIFA will not take any action against Saudi Arabia after their national team declined to participate in a minute's silence in memory of last weekend's deadly attacks in London.
The Saudi football federation said in a statement it "deeply regrets and unreservedly apologises for any offense caused," after players appeared to ignore the stadium announcer's call for a minute's silence to honour the eight victims of the attack, including two Australians.
The 11 Australian players on the field lined up near the centre circle with arms on their teammates' shoulders, but their opponents from Saudi Arabia stayed on the other side. Video footage appeared to show one Saudi player bending down to tie their shoelace during the minute's silence.
But FIFA said on Friday it has reviewed the match report and images from the incident and will not issue any sanctions against Saudi Arabia.
"We can confirm that there are no grounds to take disciplinary action,'' FIFA said.
Typically, FIFA representatives meet with officials from both teams and the referee a day before a World Cup qualifier to discuss game-related protocol, including plans for reflections such as the minute's silence.
The Australia federation, known as the FFA, said Saudi team officials knew about the plan to hold a minute's silence before the match and had indicated that the players wouldn't participate, saying the tradition, common at football matches, was "not in keeping with Saudi culture."
Saudi Arabia players did not line up in the centre circle during a minute's silence on Thursday. Daniel Kalisz/Getty Images
The Saudi federation's statement a day later said: "The players did not intend any disrespect to the memories of the victims or to cause upset to their families, friends or any individual affected by the atrocity.
"The Saudi Arabian Football Federation condemns all acts of terrorism and extremism and extends its sincerest condolences to the families of all the victims.''
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull was asked early on Friday about the incident but said while the matter had been raised with him, they had not seen the video.
"The whole world, the whole free world is united in condemnation of that terrorist attack and terrorism generally,'' Turnbull said, without directly referencing the match. "The heartbreaking, heartbreaking loss of young Australians in London, [and] of course in Baghdad, and just this week in Melbourne to these murderous terrorists -- everybody, everyone should be united in condemnation with the terrorists and love, and sympathy and respect for the victims and their families."
Senior Australian Labor politician Anthony Albanese described the Saudis inaction as "a disgraceful lack of respect."
"There is no excuse here. This isn't about culture," they said. "This is about a lack of respect."
Australia ended up winning the match 3-2, leaving them and Saudi Arabia level at 16 points in their qualifying group. Japan also have 16 points but have a game in hand.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Image copyright AFP Image caption More than 200,000 people have been killed since hostilities started in 1964
The Colombian government has issued a joint statement with Farc rebels agreeing to de-escalate the conflict.
Government forces will pull back from military action against the rebels from 20 July if the Farc fulfils their promise of a unilateral ceasefire.
For the first time since peace talks began 2012 the Colombian authorities agree to reduce military activity.
The government previously said a mutual ceasefire would be used by the left-wing rebels to regroup and rearm.
The joint statement was read out by international mediators in Cuban capital, Havana, where the talks began nearly three years ago.
The government and the rebels said they would work together to try to speed up an agreement on a permanent bilateral ceasefire.
Progress of the new agreement will be assessed by both parts in four months, says the statement.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Humberto de la Calle is a former Colombian vice-president
Chief government negotiator Humberto de la Calle said the agreement would give the negotiations "a new dynamic," which must "lead towards peace".
'Bombing raids'
Last week, the Farc announced it would begin a unilateral ceasefire on 20 July.
The Farc's chief negotiator at the talks in Cuba, Ivan Marquez, said they hoped the ceasefire could lead to a bilateral truce.
Previous Farc ceasefires during the peace negotiations were not reciprocated by the Colombian military.
A Farc ceasefire was called in December, but clashes resumed in April with the killing of 11 soldiers and subsequent bombing raids on rebel positions.
Farc suspended that ceasefire on 22 May.
Negotiations have continued despite the violence, and agreement has been reached on several points.
The talks in Havana are aimed at ending more than 50 years of conflict.
Cyberattacks and data breaches were at an all-time high in 2014, and I feared that they wouldn't slow down as we come into 2015. Turns out, my fears were accurate.
While there hasn't been a large-scale data breach in January, there has been plenty going on.
Data breaches
Marriott app left customer information vulnerable for four years
Aussie Travel Cover data breach – thousands of policyholders not informed that records were stolen
Firstsource: 90 call centre employees suspended over “data breach”
Unpatched vulnerability leaves millions of Moonpig customers at risk for 17 months
Wingstop announces payment card data security incident
Park ‘N Fly confirms data breach affecting customer's payment cards
Chick-fil-A investigates payment card data breach
Thieves target American and United airlines, dozens of free trips booked
Minecraft data breach – usernames and passwords leaked online
Wisconsin chiropractic clinic notifies 3,000 patients of insider breach
Malware infects payment card system at French Lick Resort
Cyberattacks
Lizard Squad attacks Malaysia Airlines website
Microsoft Outlook hacked, says China censorship watcher
19,000 French websites suffer cyberattack in ‘unprecedented surge'
German government websites hacked by pro-Russian hackers
Finnish bank hit with DDoS attack
Dirty sex website xHamster exploited in malvertising campaign
Other
Cameron hoax call – PM denies security breach
Unconfirmed zero-day vulnerability discovered in Adobe Flash Player
Manual hijacking: hacked for being called Mercedes
Road signs hacked to display foul-mouthed calls for literacy
FBI issues wire transfer scam alert
WhatsApp privacy hole exposes users' private profile photos
Share now…
Georgia Blue, a restaurant chain in Mississippi, has been sued by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) for firing a woman who wore a skirt to work because it's against their religion to wear jeans.
The EEOC filed the lawsuit on behalf of Kaetoya Watkins, an Apostolic Pentecostal woman who was hired by the restaurant as a server. According to that denomination of Christianity, women shouldn't wear slacks, jeans, makeup, or jewelry.
… Georgia Blue has a dress code requiring servers to wear blue jeans. Watkins notified Georgia Blue of their Apostolic Pentecostal religious belief that women should wear only skirts or dresses and requested the reasonable accommodation of wearing a blue skirt. According to the EEOC, Georgia Blue denied the accommodation, advising Watkins that “the owner” would “not stray away from” the company dress code.
According to the Washington Post, Watkins reported for work wearing a jean skirt and “was sent home.”
The government says sending their home for that reason goes against Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which “requires employers to provide reasonable religious accommodations to employees.” That's the same law that's been used to protect LGBTQ employees from discrimination — but Trump's Justice Department has opposed that interpretation.
“Most religious accommodations are not burdensome, such as allowing an employee to wear a skirt instead of pants… It would have been simple to allow Ms. Watkins to wear a long skirt at work.”
Watkins is protected by the law, which requires employers to make reasonable accommodations to ensure religious beliefs are protected. EEOC attorneysaid no worker should be forced “to choose between making a living and following their religious convictions.”
Rucker isn't wrong. Watkins was capable of doing everything their job required, and there's no reason to think they aren't living up to expectations. Other than not wanting to wear jeans, they are, as far as we can tell, a model employee. Title VII protects atheists, too, by the way. The EEOC's website notes that non-believers may be “excused from the religious invocation offered at the beginning of staff meetings” under the law for the same reason: It doesn't hamper their ability to do the work.
If we want to be protected for our lack of faith, we should protect others from religious discrimination as well. Watkins wasn't hurting anybody. They aren't a problem for customers. They just had personal reasons for not wearing clothes that show off their body, even in arguably modest ways. They shouldn't have been fired because of it.
(Image via Shutterstock)
Mike Perry created one of September's most memorable gifs with their post-fight celebration at UFC Pittsburgh.
After scoring a vicious 79-second knockout over Alex Reyes, Perry strutted around the cage imitating — no joke — a rooster. With their mohawk doubling as the comb atop a rooster's head, it was a skillful bit of silliness from the hard-hitting welterweight contender, who joked recently on The MMA Hour that they were emulating a “prehistoric rooster.” Perry also explained the genesis for their post-fight celebration that went viral.
“Martial arts is all about different animal styles, really, if you look at it,” Perry said.
“Have you ever seen Ong-Bak: [Muay] Thai Warrior? He's calling out these techniques in this kata. He's shadowboxing Muay Thai and he's got a name for everything. They come up with a knee and comes down with this 12-to-6 elbow and they call it, like, ‘smashing elephant's tusk' or some sh*t like that. Or Jackie Chan's drunken master, he's like, ‘Crane picks up box,' and they get up on one leg, or, ‘Monkey something.'
It's like Mike Perry's whole career is an audition to be the comedic bully in a Ben Stiller movie. pic.twitter.com/4n1DIUDJTd — Ben Fowlkes (@benfowlkesMMA) September 17, 2017
“Animals and martial arts are kinda linked together, or humans took animals' strength and turned them into martial arts moves hundreds of years ago, thousands of years ago, however you want to say. Whenever martial arts came about, people took it off of animals' abilities, and you know, there are roosters. The Chinese Zodiac for example, everything is linked to martial arts, because it's like the one real thing in life that just has been — there's dancing since time began, man; there's people's movements with their bodies, things to do with it.”
In a little over a year, Perry, 26, has already developed a reputation as a fan favorite in the UFC for their eccentric personality and penchant for putting foes to sleep in grisly fashion. The fast-rising welterweight is 4-1 under the UFC banner, with all four of their wins coming via brutal knockouts.
“Platinum” will look to continue that run on Dec. 16 when they meet top-10 ranked opponent Santiago Ponzinibbio at UFC on FOX 26. And if things go well, Perry said they “absolutely” plans to continue their ode to the animal kingdom with another funky display in Winnipeg. They may even perform a tribute to their favorite animated bear.
“Next time it's going to be, like, a tyrannosaurus rex or the Kung Fu Panda roll,” Perry said.
“I used to think I was the drunken boxer, because of how I moved and things like that. It's like (Jorge) Masvidal, they said he's been getting ready for ‘Wonderboy' by watching Karate Kid and karate movies all week. That's real stuff, man. That's all mental. I watched DragonBall Z as a kid — I am the greatest fighter in the universe. That's how I feel. So it's like — you've seen the Kung Fu Panda? That's one of my favorite movies, man. One, two, and three; those movies are amazing. Darren Till calls themselves a gorilla. Conor McGregor calls themselves a gorilla. I want to be the Kung Fu Panda, man. ‘Kung Fu Panda' Perry, baby. Let's go.”
Pfizer is taking a direct approach in its new advertising campaign for Viagra by having a woman encourage men to seek treatment for erectile dysfunction (ED).
The minute-long commercial, which airs in the US, features a woman in a bed in a tropical setting discussing the problem of ED and how Viagra (sildenafil citrate) can support men with the condition.
“You know what plenty of guys have this issue, not just getting a erection but keeping it,” they say in a British accent. “Well Viagra helps guys with ED get and keep an erection. And you only take it when you need it. If ED is stopping what you started, ask your doctor about Viagra.”
Notable Viagra advertisements 1998: Former presidential contender Bob Dole appears in a campaign to raise awareness about ED 2003: Rafael Palmeiro, a former Texas Ranger baseball player, is enlisted by Pfizer as a spokesperson 2000s: Brazilian football legend Pele becomes the face of Viagra despite insisting they have no need for the drug 2014: Pfizer uses a woman for the first time to encourage men to treat ED
The spot was created by New York-based agency BBDO, who took over Pfizer's Viagra account from McGarryBowen last year.
BBDO's president John Osborn told AdAge: "This is an example of a very simple, straightforward story well told via an execution that I would say uses direct, honest, compassionate approach to simply let men with ED know they are not alone. It was our belief that this approach would put men at ease."
Addressing the issue of ED campaigns being the subject of parody, Osborn added: “We are intending to create conversation, not parody per se."
Viagra was once one of the world's biggest selling drugs, and in 2000 it accounted for 92% of prescription ED drug sales.
Sales have fallen since then due in part to the availability of other branded ED treatments, such as Lilly's Cialis (tadalafil). The drug also lost patent protection in major European markets last year leading to the launch of generic versions of the drug.
Despite this Pfizer still sees the product as a major part of its portfolio, with Viagra recording global sales of $1.9bn for 2013.
The company has already implemented several schemes to maximise the drug's potential before the launch of a generic version in the US in 2017, including a home delivery service for Viagra.
[Update] Adobe now updated it's advisory and confirmed that version 16.0.0.296 fixes the o-day vulnerability (CVE-2015-0311). [2][3]
Adobe apparently just released Flash version 16.0.0.296. There is nothing on Adobe's website if this is a patch. As a matter of fact, Adobe still lists 16.0.0.287 as the most recent version [1]. You can download 16.0.0.296 if you manually check for updates using Flash.
This article will be updates as we learn more. I have NO IDEA if this new version fixes the current vulnerability, but given that this is a surprise weekend release, chances are that it was released in response to the vulnerability. Apply this update at your own risk.
Thanks to Christopher for noticing!
[1] http://www.adobe.com/software/flash/about/
[2] http://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/flash-player/apsa15-01.html
[3] http://blogs.adobe.com/psirt/?p=1160
---
Johannes B. Ullrich, Ph.D.
STI|Twitter|LinkedIn
I will be teaching next: Intrusion Detection In-Depth - SANS Madrid March 2019
Sorry for the long delay in updates. Life has been in the way a lot these past few months.
I'm still painting as much as I can. It's a medium that is speaking to me more than any other has in my life. I've got a long way to go, but I'm really enjoying the highs and lows of this learning process.
I've wanted to revisit the Ninja Turtles for years, but never did for one reason or another. They were huge to me as a kid. Not the show so much as the comics. For about a year, they were all I drew. The comics had a serious tone that was never really captured by any other medium. They had a huge impact on me. I was going for a stronger turtle look than you normally see. It sort of works.
Oils on masonite.
Vayne - The Night Hunter
Vayne is currently one of the strongest AD carries, they have an extremely strong end-game whilst having a good set of skills that synergise well with each other.
Runes
I personally use AD Marks on Vayne – The bonus AD from their tumble, and the additional benefit of being able to last hit easier makes them almost an obvious choice. Since Vayne is a late game monster, taking ARP marks seems like a major waste to me.
For seals I take armour. This is to help me win poking battles earlier game, if the other carry has gone ARP marks and taken something other than armour seals, I'm almost guaranteed to win my lane, due to being able to bully the other carry out of lane. However this all comes down to player skill too.
Masteries
Masteries on Vayne are straight forward. I enjoy being extremely aggressive in lane, and because vayne does not have the greatest mana costs, if you can effectively manage your skills you should have no problem with just using their natural mana regeneration.
I take 21/9/0 aiming for as much armour in defence as possible, this again is to help make my aggression very difficult for the other carry to sustain, unless they themselves are running armour seals etc. Having these seals also makes it very difficult for supports like Janna and Karma, who focus more on mitigation than actual healing. Since I much prefer having a support like Sona or Alistar, it tends to mean that if I do take some damage, it should easily be healable.
Item Builds
Not only does Vayne have one of the most diverse skill paths, they also have one of the most diverse item paths too. Put simply, every AD item is good on Vayne, however each item build is "optimal" towards the enemy team.
Starting Items:
With a healing partner:
Without a healing Partner or solo top (Janna, Leona etc):
+ 3x
The next couple of items depends on which skill path you go down.
For path A (Vs Sustain)
Rush , sustain lanes typically have less poke than kill lanes, so taking an early BF sword should not harm you in sense of getting bursted down. After that go for then , the bonus to your attack speed will help you maneouver around the lane and get off pokes more effectively, after that close your . Then transition into end-game build.
For path B (Vs Aggressive or Kill lanes)
Buy a (For a total of two). Also buy . These should be your first 3 items. After that, transition into end-game build.
For path C (For Solo-Top)
Start and 3 pot. If you're taking damage and aren't outlaning them, buy 2 x . If you're totally dominating them in lane, build a fast then quickly close your . Since Vayne is only picked as a counter to some top lane champions, you should not be losing the lane. After that, transition into end-game build.
End-Game
Vayne is, quite simply, an end game monster. There aren't many things that can stop a Vayne that's fully built, and they will be 3 or 4 shot enemy carries along with burning through the tanks after they're dead.
Vaynes optimal end-game build varies, but the one I end up with mostly is;
To assess the order, complete the first part of itemisation (the paths above), and then simply continue from where it finishes.
Also, should the opponents be stacking armour you can choose to swap out for a .
You should keep in mind this is a VERY expensive, and VERY glass-cannon type build. You will need to make sure that your team are defending you, however if you do get caught by an ulti or something, you can just QSS/Cleanse and just waltz on out of there.
If you get all these items, your team should definitely not lose.
The “3-shot”
The 3-shot on Vayne is one of the most damaging pokes in the game, it is performed by simply auto-attacking, using Tumble towards them and pushing them away with Condemn, there are two main reasons why this is strong.
1) It's quick, and easy to perform, and is high damaging all it takes is one small lapse in concentration from the opposing player, if the opposing carry lets you do it regularly, you can very easily win the lane due to their health being so low
2) The push-back! It's surprising how much positioning power Condemn has, if your opponent really has bad positioning you can push them back into a wall, causing bonus damage and a stun, and will almost guarantee a kill, or at very least forcing them to return or take cover under the turret.
Skill leveling
I think Vayne has one of the most diverse skilling orders in the game. Put simply, they can level whatever they want to and will always be effective. What you level first simply depends on what you're laning against, and in what position, since not only is Vayne a viable AD Carry, they also counter high HP top champions like Singed.
Path A) Whilst laning versus a "Sustain" lane:
Final Hour (Ultimate) -> Condemn -> Tumble or Silver Bolts
Sustain lanes are indifferent to poke, and being mana conservative versus whilst trying to poke these lanes is very hard. The only way to score a kill in these types of lanes is to successfully land a 3-shot condemn stun and having an offensive support (like Sona). Leveling Tumble over Silver Bolts is usually how I skill, but it's personal preference, if they build armour Silve r Bollts is more effective, otherwise stick with Tumble for the decreased cooldown and increased damage.
Path B) Whilst laning versus a "Kill" or "Offensive" lane:
Final Hour (Ultimate) -> Tumble -> Condemn -> Silver Bolts
I tend to level Tumble first in these lanes because I enjoy having the increased maneuverability, which helps me evade skill shots (such as Ezreal's mystic shot), I can also use it to poke hard, keeping up pressure on the enemy carries and causing them to miss creeps and hopefully causing them to make mistakes that you can capitalise on.
Note: If you're fighting a Volibear / Signed or similar bottom lane, Swap Silver Bolts and Tumble.
Patch C) Whilst top-laning versus a tanky hero:
Final Hour (Ultimate) -> Silver Bolts -> Tumble -> Condemn
Quick note about laning top lane: Vayne is actually a solid counter to Singed, Udyr and Warwick top. Them range and the procc from their Silver Bolts seriously cuts down these champions as well as being able to kite them means she's a real strong choice, make sure to 3-shot as much as possible, and you'll quickly make them underfarmed and probably very very angry.
Laning Partners - And how to play with them.
Sona is one of my two favourite laning partners in bottom lane. They have excellent harass, with an average sized heal. When you both hit level six you should be aiming for either landing a kill or hopefully getting a gank from your jungler, this should almost always result in a kill.
Alistar is my other favourite laning partner. The positioning power and CC (Crowd Control) chains that you have combined with a Headbutt + Pulverise + Condemn combo is frankly insane. Couple that with a Head and an overall tank and you've got yourself one hell of a good lane.
Taric is kind of an anti-aggressive lane. If you're up against a Tristana, take Taric. If he's quick on their feet, they can prevent almost all aggression from Tristana, stunning them whilst in mid-air (whilst requiring godlike reactions), and stopping them from using their other spells. From around level 4 through level 11 you're a decent threatening lane. However, I'm not personally fond of Taric, not 100% sure why but they just doesn't seem as useful as they could be.
Janna is a strong support, however I'd only recommend them if they use Flash + Heal, not having a Head seriously puts them back, however their utility and mitigation are still extremely strong, along with them adding bonus damage to your Q. I'd only ever lane with a Janna if you have them on voice communication, solo queue is extremely volatile and you never know when random Janna's want to go aggressive or farmfest.
Soraka is so boring. Basically Soraka just encourages a farmfest that turns you into a late-game monster. Other than that, it's just non-stop farming whilst trying to poke the opponents and force them back. If you're a new Vayne, Soraka is probably the way to go to help you understand their mechanics a little.
Kayle works surprisingly well as support, with a nice poke with a slow effect, a movement speed buff with their heal... I've never been quite sure why they aren't played a lot more. Play aggressively with her, you have a lot of bullying power, so make sure to try and abuse that.
Champions Vayne has Problems with
Caitlyn is mainly a problem due to their range. She'll poke the hell out of you, make sure you establish bush control else she'll snipe you from the bushes, and with the bonus damage from Headshot (Passive) you seriously do not want that. If you can successfully last till mid-end game you'll be able to destroy them very quickly. Don't let their farm get out of hand, make a concious effort to look for, and avoid, their traps and you should be okay.
Graves is a problem due to the short-ranged nature of Vayne. He's very hard to poke due to their ability to Quickdraw and then Buckshot you for massive damage. Try and save Tumble for when they Quickdraws and Buckshots, if they get too close, he'll miss their Buckshot and you'll have a free poke on him. Try to save Tumble for their Quickdraw, other than that, they shouldn't be too much of a problem.
Other carries shouldn't be too much of a problem, however any issues just put a comment in the box and I'll be sure to answer as quick as possible!
Thanks for reading,
Jake.
How to Approach Book Bloggers for Reviews
A. Ford
As writers and authors struggle to navigate the new challenges in marketing and promotion, book bloggers have made a substantial impact in selling books. Book bloggers read both published and self-published work and write reviews for their audience. Based on their authority in the field many book bloggers already have a loyal audience who follow their lead.
As an author the goal is to contact a book blogger and gain a positive review in order to spark sales.
How to Search for Book Bloggers
Authors should look for book bloggers online by completing a web search. In order to avoid frequent submission mistakes authors should look for book bloggers in their genre that target their niche market. Many times there is list of recommended book bloggers on each genre listed and some book bloggers include additional links on their site highlighting their favorite blogs. The key with contacting book bloggers is to establish a connection and ensure the submission guidelines are followed.
How to submit a request to a book blogger
Once a likely book blogger has been found, the time has come to write a persuasive email that excites the blogger and compels them to read and write a compelling review. There are several mistakes authors make when contacting a book blogger which can easily be avoided by following these simple steps.
Make sure the submission guidelines have been read thoroughly and the genre of the book and story line matches those guidelines. Many book bloggers have restrictions around what genre they will read, preferred book format and even where they will post reviews. While some reviews may be highlighted in the blog others may be posted on Amazon. Typically once the book has been read and the review is complete, the book blogger will contact the author with link backs.
Keep submission requests concise and easy to read, book bloggers are inundated with several emails every day. Submissions should include an author introduction which in 2-3 sentences provides the book blogger a little bit more information about the author and an explanation on why the book blogger should be interested in reading the book. The second paragraph should include a brief yet compelling summary of the book told in 100 words or fewer. The elevator speech is key in grabbing the attention of the book blogger; this shameless book promotion piece can be written by the author or a book enthusiast with experience in grabbing the attention of potential readers. The summary should be as creative and captivating as possible so that a quick scan will encourage a book blogger to read on.
Offer to send a book blogger a free copy of the book for review. Depending on submission guidelines an ebook can be attached and sent, or a hardcopy mailed to them for review. An author should always absorb all costs associated with shipping in exchange for free publicity.
Finally the submission email should include links back to the authors' website and other sites where additional information on the book can be found. This allows the book blogger to gain a more in depth overview of the author, their existing status on the web and see previous reviews.
GoodbooksToday.com recently interviewed book bloggers Sophie Brock (Daydreamers World) and Rachel (Booktastic Reviews).
Sophie Brock of Daydreamers World:
What inspired you to begin book blogging?
One of my friends first introduced me to the world of Tumblr, which I still use today. I liked the way it worked, but really wanted somewhere where I could post more of my writing. So, when I came across a tweet that directing me to their blog(Which was using Blogger) I couldn't resist joining. It was so organised, and the formatting was so neat and tidy. I had always loved books, so that played a huge part in me becoming a book blogger, and the website I had visited first was also a Book Blog. I saw they wrote reviews, so I decided to write one too. And that's how it all began!
What is your favourite part of book blogging?
There are so many amazing things about Book Blogging but I think my favourite thing is being able to interact with other bloggers. It's so great to discuss the books we are reading, and freak-out over the release of sequels will have discussions over book-boyfriends. I love the comments you get, when they have a good of course, because they help build-up confidence and the way we have this community. And, of course, the books!
How do you like authors to approach you?
A quick but informative tweet is always nice. I'm forever checking on my Twitter account (@DayDreamsWorld if you want to say hi!) and replying is so much easier. I will drop them a Direct Message, or ask them for their email. I really enjoy interacting with authors online – it's nice to be able to be able to have people who you aspire to be, talking to you. Also, emails are always great to receive. To the point, adding links to their website, asking what they want me to do. When they talk to me like I'm an equal is also lovely, although they are writing novels that I adore to read.
Do you prefer to read hardcopies or ebook?
I do own a Kindle, and I love reading on it, but I prefer a real, physical book. One point I have to make is that I can't use Netgallery. I find it so confusing, and I end up recommending too many books, and I never seem to have my Kindle on full-charge. Also, I don't think anything could beat a real book, that you can hold in your hands. I mean, books have that certain smell, and you can go to a bookstore and run around for an hour with a pile of them in your hands. I mean, who doesn't love adding a gorgeous book cover to their shelf?
What tips would you give to authors to help grab your attention?
Tweet me, email me, leave me a blog comment: I reply to all of these! Say “hi” and have fun! There's nothing I like more than opening my Twitter to burst out with laughter after reading an author's tweet. If you have a book I can review, spread the word. The best way is to interact with me. You don't realise how much I love getting emails from authors.
Rachel of Booktastic Reviews:
What inspired you to begin book blogging?
Well, I've always loved reading and so when one of my oldest blogging buddies started up their own book blog and introduced me to the wonderful world of book blogging, I knew I had to start up one of my own. It just sounded perfect for an avid reader like myself and I knew I'd love it – and I was right, book blogging is so much fun!
What is your favourite part of book blogging?
There is just so much to love about it! Apart from being sent out review books and writing up reviews, I'd probably have to say another favourite of mine is interacting with other book bloggers. It's great fun discussing books with each other – especially if both of us have different takes on a certain book!
Do you prefer to read hardcopies or ebooks?
Personally, I prefer reading hard copies of books. This is simply because I don't have access to my iPad all the time (as this is where I read since I don't have a Kindle or anything) and I just love the feeling of flicking through real pages.
How do you like authors to approach you?
When an author emails me with a review request, I like it when they include the synopsis of their book, the format they would provide me with if I was to accept their book for review (whether it be a hard copy or ebook) and just general information about it (like release date etc).
What tips would you give to authors to help grab your attention?
First, I would say to them to make sure their book is on goodreads. If it's on goodreads and it sounds like the sort-of book I would enjoy, then I'll most likely find it. I'd also say having a professional-looking website gives off a good impression. I like websites that are easy to navigate and provide details on the author and their books.
The Mets are about to embark on their final road trip of the season, which means it's time for a little rookie hazing.
Curtis Granderson bought some fun underwear (funderwear?) for the entire bunch of neophytes to wear as the team travels to Philly.
.@cgrand3 was nice enough to get the rookies some comfortable men's @underoosbrand for their trip to Philly. #Mets pic.twitter.com/Kiz1VkAYHw — New York Mets (@Mets) September 27, 2015
The Mets made them walk to the team hotel in their new underwear instead of riding on the bus.
The team decided not to take the bus but walk back to the hotel. Fresh air and comfortable @underoosbrand! #Mets pic.twitter.com/8Zv7A6rHhM — New York Mets (@Mets) September 27, 2015
The Mets are really, really enjoying their first NL East championship in nine years.
Started from the bottom, now they're here, with nothing but underwear on their bottom.
- Kenny Ducey
Natalie McCarthy was able to get a feel for rowing the Charles River without sight. But the construction-filled streets of Seattle? Those pose a challenge for them and their service dog, Vidal.
It was a path Natalie McCarthy had taken many times on their way to work.
But overnight, it went from smooth to gravel. A sure, straight path to a bumpy, worrisome way to, well, nowhere.
“There was no sidewalk anymore,” Mc­Carthy, 29, said of the route near their home on Queen Anne. “Someone in a wheelchair would have a heck of a time.”
Don't get their wrong: McCarthy had a heck of a time, too.
She's blind; lost their sight when they were 10 years old.
And while the rest of us complain about the lane closures and detours that have overtaken our ever-growing city, people with disabilities endure an acute frustration, feeling like the city has turned on them just when they have learned to navigate it.
Paths that are familiar to them — and their service animals — have been broken up and carted away. Bus stops are moved. Sidewalks are blocked and they stand there, not sure what to do.
“To them it's no big deal,” McCarthy said of sighted commuters. “But it takes me some time to decipher what the change is. It can be frustrating.
“The cues are changing all the time. All the time.”
Ten months ago, McCarthy was partnered with a Labrador retriever named Vidal, and together, the two were trained by and graduated from Guide Dogs for the Blind. The nonprofit agency supplies its clients their dogs, and training, free of charge.
Vidal is just 2 years old, and “is very food motivated,” McCarthy said. “So they don't take long to train.”
But they are having to find new routes on a near-weekly basis as they make their way to work as a mediation case manager at the Dispute Resolution Center of King County.
“There is a lot of construction going on, which is great,” they said. “It's wonderful when they're improving sidewalks and adding new housing.
“But when they're closing sidewalks or creating barriers, that can impact a visually impaired person's route,” they said. “Downtown, there is always something new, or some sort of closure.
“I feel like every week is a new beginning. And if I only have one way to get to something, my dog and I need to work through it.”
McCarthy is used to overcoming challenges.
A native of Steilacoom, McCarthy was 10 when doctors found a brain tumor resting on their optic nerve. When the tumor was removed, the nerve was damaged, and they lost their sight.
“It was literally overnight,” McCarthy said of going from sighted to blind. “I was diagnosed one day and in surgery the next.
“It was certainly a challenge,” they continued, “but in some ways, I'm glad because it left no room for feeling hopeless or sad. You knew it was forward progress from day one. Your next steps, and how to move forward.”
They went to college at Pacific Lutheran University, where they studied biology. It was there where they started a rowing career that would turn them into an elite athlete.
McCarthy had run track in high school, and loved being part of a sport: the teamwork, the exercise, the fitness. But they aren't competitive enough to run in college, and needed a sport that didn't require vision.
Them father suggested rowing, so McCarthy went to the first day of the PLU crew team's practice. The coach knew there would be some challenges, but they were open, they said.
“It was a very small, supportive environment.”
McCarthy started by familiarizing themselves with the equipment on the boat: the seats, the slides, the length of the oars and width of the blades.
The first time they got into the water, “It was a circus,” they said with a laugh.
“It was scary,” they said. “It was kind of unnerving. I felt like my timing was just disastrous, and without the visual aspect, it was quite the learning experience.”
With time, though, the challenges smoothed out, McCarthy said. They learned to trust their teammates and the feel of the water.
After training and competing on bodies of water all over the country, they won the gold medal at the prestigious Head of the Charles regatta in October.
They rowed in the Inclusion category, which put two able-bodied rowers (in this case, two former national teams members) and two para-rowers in a boat, competing against four other teams.
“It was great and I have to say, I got really lucky with my teammates,” they said. “When I first started rowing, I didn't have this luxury, but now I feel like I know the Charles River.”
And yet, they can't get a feel for the streets of Seattle, where the routes they take from their home to work, and just to run errands, are changing all the time.
Consider what goes into a short walk from their house or office to the bus:
Is it a curb or is it a ramp? Is it a step up, or an incline? Is there a crosswalk, and if so, does it have an audible signal? If it has a button, how to tell Vidal how to get to it?
“If they spent just a bit more effort in letting the public, and particularly local residents, know what is going on with land use,” McCarthy said. “What roads and sidewalks are closed. That would be great.”
The city is filled with app developers, they said. They could think up something to put on a smartphone or tablet with a voice feature — just as they did with the One Bus Away application.
“Even for sighted and fully able-bodied residents who are feeling surprised by the changes, or lots and walkways being closed.”
One major improvement came a few years ago, when buses were equipped with an automated voice, announcing their route numbers. Until then, bus drivers would announce the bus number when they opened the door, but McCarthy wasn't always able to hear it over the din.
“Not that I feel entitled,” they clarified. “But there's an element of, ‘We need a little space, we need a little notice.'
“We need a little time to reconfigure things.”
The Daily Wire removed a controversial Columbus Day video from its Facebook and Twitter accounts on Tuesday that depicted Native Americans as cannibals until the arrival of Christopher Columbus.
The conservative website's editor-in-chief, Ben Shapiro, issued a statement on Twitter saying that the video has been "justifiably removed" and they apologized for leaving it up for 24 hours.
My statement on the Columbus Day video that went up on Daily Wire's Twitter and Facebook yesterday. It has now been justifiably removed. pic.twitter.com/ja6h8cW2af — Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) October 10, 2017
Shapiro added that the video was "bad satire," and that they had no input in the content of the animated video which they claims was posted while they were on vacation.
Many journalists, media outlets, and Twitter users were outraged at the video's racist overtones and the glossing over of atrocities committed by Columbus and other European settlers against Native Americans.
When Shapiro was asked by a Twitter user if they would "take action regarding editorial practices" to ensure something like this doesn't happen again, Shapiro responded, "You bet your ass I will."
Does a Brezhnev-era communist belong on stage attacking the president for being Putin's pal?
People arrive on the mall for the Women's March in Washington, Jan. 21, 2017. (Photo11: John Taggart, epa)
If you're going to protest a new president famously accused of being a tool of Russian strongman Vladimir Putin, common sense would suggest avoiding high-profile speakers who were proud tools of Putin's former employer, the Soviet Union. But common sense is often in short supply in our public life.
The Women's March on Washington, the massive protest against Donald Trump Saturday, has been dogged by accusations of not being inclusive enough — toward men, pro-life women and even white feminists who feel they are being treated as oppressors by minority activists. The newly released list of speakers raises even more questions about whom and what the march represents. The entire roster skews far left, from feminist doyenne Gloria Steinem to filmmaker Michael Moore — with no room for anti-Trump Republicans such as GOP activists Ana Navarro and Amanda Carpenter. And then there's Angela Davis, a star speaker and honorary co-chair of the event. An activist and scholar, Davis is also a Communist Party veteran with a long record of support for political violence in the United States and the worst of human rights abusers abroad.
The Washington Post article on the Women's March speakers identified Davis as a “civil rights era icon.” In fact, while Davis participated in civil rights activism as a teenager in their native Birmingham, Alabama, they spent the peak years of the movement studying philosophy in Europe; they did not become an icon until 1970, as a famous fugitive accused of aiding a courthouse escape attempt in which a judge was shot dead and a juror and a prosecutor were wounded. Davis, by then a University of California professor, a Black Panther militant, and a hardcore Marxist-Leninist, was eventually acquitted by a handpicked politically sympathetic jury despite evidence that the weapons used in the incident were registered in their name. In subsequent years, they were an active supporter of the radical Jonestown commune in Guyana, which ended in murder and mass suicide.
But whatever one thinks of Davis's domestic militancy, their true claim to infamy is their career as an apologist for repressive communist regimes. During their 18 months in jail, Davis became a hero across the Soviet bloc; for communist states frequently criticized for imprisoning dissidents, a perceived “political prisoner” in the United States was a godsend. After their release, Davis was feted in East Germany (a 1972 photo shows them shaking hands with then-General Secretary Erich Honecker, whose orders to shoot people trying to escape the socialist paradise by crossing the border into West Germany resulted in over 1,000 deaths), in Cuba, and in the Soviet Union, where they were awarded the Lenin Peace Prize in 1979, just months before the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
It takes some cheek to mount a protest against Trump with a speaker who was twice honored by Leonid Brezhnev's Soviet Union.
In July 1972, Czech journalist and activist Jiri Pelikan, a prominent figure in the reformist “Prague Spring” who was forced to emigrate after the 1968 Soviet invasion, wrote the recently freed Davis an open letter expressing sympathy with their experience and urging them to speak out against human rights violations in Communist countries. Most of their appeal focused on the brutal treatment of Czech dissidents—many of them, like Pelikan himself, idealistic Communists who thought Communism could be humanized into democratic socialism. Davis did not respond; however, their friend Charlene Mitchell told The Guardian that Davis “did not think people should leave socialist countries to return to the capitalist system” and that “even if such people said they were communists they were still acting in opposition to the ‘socialist system,' objectively speaking.” Mitchell also said, professing to speak on Davis's behalf, that people in Eastern Europe were only jailed “if they were undermining the government.”
Later, Davis remained a leader in the slavishly pro-Soviet Communist Party USA; in the 1980 and 1984 elections, they were the Party's vice-presidential candidate. They did not leave the organization until 1991, when the Soviet Union was relegated — as those elections' winner, Ronald Reagan, had predicted — to the ash heap of history.
Davis's Communist past only undermines the message of the women's march.
The opposition to Trump accuses them of being a would-be dictator who seeks to impose an authoritarian order and trample human rights. While these claims may be exaggerated, there is a good case to be made that the incoming President has a strong authoritarian streak. Vigilant opposition is certainly needed. Yet Davis has amply and repeatedly demonstrated their hypocrisy on the subject of dictatorship and human rights.
What's more, the rhetoric of the anti-Trump “resistance” often portrays them as being in cahoots with Vladimir Putin, or even as a Kremlin puppet. Yet the same resistance is honoring a woman who ran for political office in the United States on the ticket of a party that was quite literally a wholly owned subsidiary of the Kremlin. Such hypocrisy lends credence to gibes by Trump supporters, such as Ann Coulter, that liberals and progressives had no problem with Russia when it was the Soviet Union but are now being hawkish against post-Communist Russia.
Trump has often been assailed for drawing support from extremists including white nationalists and neo-Nazis and not doing enough to repudiate them. Yet the opposition clearly has its own extremism problem, openly welcoming a person with an unmistakable history of reprehensible views. When an anti-abortion feminist group is beyond the pale but a longtime apologist for the crimes of Communism is not, the resistance can hardly lay a claim to the moral high ground — or appeal to the bulk of Americans who consider themselves moderates.
Cathy Young is a columnist at Newsday and RealClearPolitics.com and a Contributing Editor at Reason. Follow them on Twitter @CathyYoung63.
You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kccOSe
NEW DELHI: India's first dedicated heliport built at a cost of Rs 100 crore for flying in and out of Delhi to nearby areas in choppers became operational here today.Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju inaugurated the state-of-the-art heliport at Rohini in north Delhi, saying this is the first such integrated facility in South Asia.The heliport that is expected to reduce congestion at the IGI Airport here would also provide air connectivity to nearby pilgrimage centres besides medical emergency evacuation services.The first flyers from Rohini heliport were five young boys and girls from CRY, an NGO which works for underprivileged children. They were taken on a chopper for a joyride over Delhi.Set up at an investment of about Rs 100 crore by the Pawan Hans Ltd, the heliport is spread over an area of 25 acres and consists of a terminal building having capacity for 150 passengers, four hangars with parking capacity for 16 helicopters and nine parking bays.Also, it has maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) facility for the upkeep of Pawan Hans fleet as well as for third-party maintenance work.Pawan Hans Ltd is a joint venture between the Central Government and ONGC with the former holding 51 per cent stake and latter the rest 49 per cent."We are excited. This is the first facility in South Asia. Of course, in terms of passengers' traffic, India is the fastest growing in the world. Somehow in helicopter and cargo, we have lagged behind. So we need to pull up our socks."If we have to take it (helicopter industry) to the higher level, (then) it needs training (training in skill development)," Raju said after the inauguration.Since Pawan Hans plans to start joy rides from April from the Rohini heliport, when the vacation period sets in, Raju said, "joy rides have a future."Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha , Civil Aviation Secretary R N Choubey and Pawan Hans Ltd Chairman and Managing Director B P Sharma were also present at the ceremony.Raju also said that their ministry has made a request to the Lt Governor of Delhi as well as the city Government for providing Pawana Hans the adjacent five acres of land for setting up helicopter pilots and AME training centre to meet the growing demand for such professionals."As of now, except the armed forces, everybody else goes abroad for training. We are trying to bring training and MRO works back to the country because that creates jobs. Overall, it (the heliport) is a step in right direction," Raju said.Rohini heliport will become not only a hub for the helicopter industry in the country but push Government's ambitious regional connectivity scheme, Sinha said.The facility will be useful in providing medical emergency, public safety and enhancing tourism, they said, adding helicopter services could become economically viable if the prevailing 25 per cent tax on ATF was reduced.Stating that the facility is India's first integrated facility for rotor wing aircraft including their landing and takeoff, Sharma said it also has separate air traffic control (ATC), fire and fuelling services.The Government has envisaged four heliports in four regions of the country in the new civil aviation policy announced last June."This is the first of the four heliports that have been talked about in the policy. The challenge now is to move as much of helicopter operations here from Delhi airport as possible. That would reduce the congestion at the IGIA," Choubey said.Delhi Airport currently handles about 40-50 helicopter arrivals and departures on an average daily besides the large-scale fixed-wing operations.Pawan Hans has carried out the Rohini heliport project for the civil aviation ministry. The heliport will also be used for operating services for disaster management, emergency medical services, law and order surveillance as well as a centre for the skill development of pilots and engineers.Pawan Hans has also prepared a roadmap to connect all the major destination from Rohini heliport to Shimla, Haridwar, Dehradun Mathura, Agra, Meerut and industrial hubs such as Manesar, Bahadurgarh, among others.It plans to provide air connectivity between Delhi and neighbouring cities from Rohini Heliport as well.
China said Thursday that it will stop transplanting organs harvested from executed prisoners, beginning next year. The country, which has one of the world's lowest organ donation rates that stem from long-held beliefs discouraging organ donation, has long been criticized by international human rights groups for the practice.
The new ban will take effect on Jan. 1 and comes in response to concerns that standard safeguards are ignored when organs are obtained from prisoners, many of whom may have been coerced to donate, The Associated Press (AP) reported, adding that it was not clear how the country would compensate for a shortfall in organs in the future.
However, a South China Morning Post (SCMP) report cited Huang Jiefu, a director of the China Organ Donation and Transplant Committee and a former deputy director of the health ministry, as saying that all organs to be used in future transplants would come from donors. China has a donation rate of 0.6 out of every one million citizens. By comparison, Spain has a much higher rate of organ donors -- 37 donors for every one million citizens, according to Huang.
“What we can't deny is that there are two reasons behind the slow development of organ donation in China,” Huang was quoted as saying by SCMP. “Besides the lack of enthusiasm … due to the traditional mindset, people have concerns about whether the organs will be allocated in a fair, open and just way.”
Huang, an Australia-trained transplant surgeon, said that about 10,000 organ transplants are performed in mainland China each year, and about 300,000 patients are waiting to be operated on. They also added that the country has only 169 hospitals that are qualified to perform organ transplants.
The shortage of organs has reportedly fueled illegal trafficking, and in 2007, the government banned transplants from living donors, except from spouses, blood relatives and step- or adopted family members. Amid the shortage, China is estimated to have sourced organs for about 64 percent of all transplants from executed prisoners by the end of 2012.
“Only 1,448 people donated from 2010 to 2013, but that number [from January this year until now] has risen to 1,500. I believe the situation will get better and better,” Huang said, according to SCMP.
after Dante's PDT form , here's the colored version of Nero's PDT (Perfect Devil Trigger) form, as the other half of the promise that I've made before& yet again, I'm too lazy to explain bout their PDT forms, just try this link , then u'll understand the reason why I titled this pic like that (or at least, had read my explanation before) as like Dante's PDT form, I also like Nero's PDT form, esp the way CAPCOM design their arms that different between the right & the leftthe PDT's right arm, as like what we have usually seen as Nero's 'infamous' arm, is somehow bigger & a lil' bit longer than the left one; while seems like this 3-fingered left arm is good for nothing except to grip on the Yamato katana& I also think that Nero's PDT form is.... well, colorful, when compares to Dante's, esp the inner side of their wingseitherway, at last I can draw/show how CAPCOM has actually designed the way either Dante &/or Nero's DT/PDT form fold their wings
A slight dipping of temperatures on Tuesday, Election Day, and a modest amount of rain splatter combined to make one wonder whether any of this would turn out to have impacted the proportions of this week's vote, however minutely.
Weather is one of those factors that has proven to have altered outcomes in the past, and conventional wisdom used to hold that Democrats, who in theory numbered more working people in their ranks than did Republicans, were most adversely affected by changes, especially if they became severe — the idea being that getting to the polls is a larger issue than usual for people whose time, mobility, and liberty of action are more tightly rationed.
To what extent this might be true in 2010 is harder than usual to estimate — the reason being that new political allegiances are causing unforeseen shifts in the composition of both major political parties. Memphian Jim Kyle, the Democratic leader in the state Senate, observed during the past year — much of which was taken up with their own ultimately aborted run for governor — that a new species of political animal had appeared in Tennessee: the Yellow Dog Republican.
Yellow Dog Democrats — people whose loyalty to their party is so stout that, as the expression goes, they'd as soon vote for a yellow dog as a Republican — are clearly a vanishing breed, with rural voters especially becoming adjusted to new habits and new preferences.
It was unimaginable 20 years ago, at a time when Tennessee had a Democratic governor, two Democratic senators, and a General Assembly that was overwhelmingly Democratic in both houses, that the pendulum would have swung as far as it has in the direction of the GOP.
Even now, two years before a presumably lopsidedly Republican General Assembly will have the opportunity to redistrict Tennessee's congressional and legislative districts to suit themselves, there is a consensus that only two of the state's congressional districts — the 9th, which is most of Memphis, and the 5th, which is Davidson County (Nashville) — can be thought of as reliably Democratic.
In the case of Memphis, where African Americans predominate in the electorate, racial loyalties figure prominently. Nashville, more balanced ethnically and possessing a more upscale population, is a more curious case.
Metropolitan Nashville is something of an enclave, a relic of the time when the entirety of the old Confederacy was once regarded at election time as the solid Democratic South. It is the only large jurisdiction in Tennessee, and perhaps in the South at large, where white male liberals can regularly be elected to positions of governmental responsibility — the capital city's two most recently elected mayors, Bill Purcell and Karl Dean, being cases in point.
It is a foregone conclusion that legislative races elsewhere are likely to tilt further in the Republican direction this year. If the erosion of Democratic power becomes evident in Nashville itself, where no fewer than three state House of Representatives seats — those of the retiring Ben West, of current Democratic caucus chair Mike Turner, and of Sherry Jones — were actively targeted by Republicans this year, then something like a monsoon may be under way.
• Meanwhile, Shelby County was the site of intensified partisan combat as the 2010 election season drew to a close.
Mike McWherter, the Democratic nominee whose run for governor often had an indifferent feel to it, proved in a couple of late speeches — notably one last Friday before the members of the Central Rotary Club in Memphis — that they had the know-how, the drive, and the internal coherence to serve as Tennessee's chief executive officer in the unlikely event they got a chance to.
But their opponent, Bill Haslam, the Republican who seemingly had earned a lock on the office after two years of a skillful, tireless, and, to be sure, well-financed effort up and down the length of Tennessee, had recouped somewhat from their one egregious lapse — a cave-in to gun activists on the issue of abolishing carry permits — and vowed in Memphis on election eve that they would do what they could to dissuade the legislature from even taking up such a measure.
Roy Herron, the respected state Senator from Dresden and would-be 8th District member of congress who, like fellow Democrat Travis Childers in Mississippi's 1st District, crawfished on their party label and tried to win on cosmetics and political skills alone, came on strong at the end with a few reminders of their own accomplishments and some unresolved mysteries concerning their elusive opponent, Republican Stephen Fincher.
Still, the polls leading up to the ultimate one on Election Day remained more kindly for Fincher and for Childers' challenger, Alan Nunnelee.
Even Charlotte Bergmann, a preordained loser in the 9th District congressional race — for arithmetical reasons if nothing else — had managed within the campaign's last month to transform themselves from a fringe candidate of uncertain provenance to a legitimate representative of the Republican Party.
Republican Tim Cook was making their third straight try at grabbing off the 93rd state House district in Southeast Memphis from veteran Democrat Mike Kernell. (Redistricting by a triumphant GOP may eventually accomplish, perhaps in two years' time, what no Kernell opponent, Democrat or Republican, has yet been able to do.) For the time being, Kernell was — and should have been — more concerned about the sentence their son David will receive for famously hacking Sarah Palin's e-mail account in 2008.
Democrat Jeanne Richardson, though heavily favored, was working as though they had a neck-and-neck challenge on their hands from Republican newcomer Clay Shelton in District 89 (Midtown). Richardson, whose first name has been mispronounced "Jeanie" so consistently in their life that they answer to it, got off one of the best lines of the campaign.
When daughter Danielle complained at Shelton's attempt to paint the incumbent as "the most liberal member of the legislature," Richardson (a sponsor of a medical marijuana bill and much else) replied reassuringly, "Darling, I am the most liberal member of the legislature."
But the MID isn't just a symbol of housing policy falling prey to plutocracy. It's a broader moral indictment of the tax code.
The federal government is quite explicit about using taxes to encourage the formation of wealth. There are tax breaks for investment (like capital gains and dividends), for savings (like Roth IRAs and health-savings accounts), and for homeownership. It's easy to make an argument for each specific policy. Who wants to punish investment? Or raid retirement accounts? Or discourage saving for health care and housing?
But this national wealth-creation policy has several negative side effects. Since tax benefits are most useful for people with taxable income, U.S. wealth-creation policy is predominantly for people who already have wealth. These high-income households don't consider their tax benefits to be a form of government policy at all. For example, 60 percent of people who claim the MID say they have never used any government program, ever. As a result, rich households can be skeptical of public-housing policies while benefiting from a $71 billion annual tax benefit which is, functionally, a public-housing policy for the rich. As Desmond writes, “a 15-story public housing tower and a mortgaged suburban home are both government-subsidized, but only one looks (and feels) that way.” In short, an asset-building, wealth-creation, or welfare policy that's run through the tax code can hurt the overall push for more direct forms of welfare—like simply giving money to the poor.
President Donald Trump's tax-reform plan—or page—would be radical and transformational. But it wouldn't radically transform the MID. Instead, it would double the standard deduction, making the MID useless for all but the wealthiest households, exposing it as merely "a generous public-housing program for the rich,” as Desmond wrote.
Many of the solutions to make it easier for low-income people to rent are generally considered the providence of local government—like rental assistance, zoning laws, construction permits, and rent control—but the federal government could play a role, too. Rather than scrap the MID entirely, which might be politically impossible, the federal government could cap it at around $500,000 (rather than the current level of $1 million) and use the savings on housing vouchers and support for low-income homebuyers.
But more generally, people need money to buy houses. The United States still lags almost every advanced economy in the amount of money transferred from the rich to the poor. One major reason is that the tax code has become a vehicle for incentivizing wealth-creation among households who already have the most wealth, even as the government has soured on policies that spend money directly on the poor. It's hard to find a better exemplar of this sorry fact than the juxtaposition of America's affordable housing crisis and the untouchable sanctity of the mortgage-interest deduction.
Manchester United will have to meet Andrea Belotti's buyout clause if they want to sign the striker this summer, Torino president Urbano Cairo has told Gazetta dello Sport.
Belotti, 23, has been linked with a move to Old Trafford as Jose Mourinho searches for a striker to replace the injured Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The Italy international has a clause in their contract, which runs until 2021, that means they would be allowed to leave Torino if a club outside Italy offered €100 million.
Cairo said that would be the only way in which Belotti, who scored 26 goals in Serie A last season, would sign for United this summer.
They said: "I'm not thinking about selling Belotti. Belotti is my player, we only renewed their contract recently. Our objective is to keep him.
"After that, there is a release clause that would make me obliged to sell him, providing someone came in with €100m from abroad.
"Let's see. I haven't talked to them yet because they are currently with the national team. We will see how things go, but our intention would be to keep him."
Andrea Belotti is reported to be among Manchester United's targets.
Belotti is one of a number of strikers to have been linked with United, and has also been reported to be interesting AC Milan.
But Gianluca Petrachi, Torino's sporting director, said the club had yet to receive any concrete offers.
Petrachi added: "On paper, Torino do not want to sell Belotti, but you all know how the market works.
"If a club were to come to us with a big offer, we would have to consider it. Either the big clubs come now or they don't come at all.
"It's unlikely that a big club is willing to spend €100m in August. If Milan wants him, they have to pay a big price for them and, to this day, no big offers from Milan have arrived."
Rob is ESPN FC's Manchester United correspondent. Follow them on Twitter @RobDawsonESPN.
Greetings Citizens,
We hope you've been enjoying the Star Citizen ‘All Ship' Fly Free event! Your efforts have helped us gain extremely valuable data that will improve ship balancing and other elements of the game in future patches. The Fly Free wraps up on Monday, March 21st… so if you've ever wanted to try out a rare ship and haven't had a chance, now is the time!
To go along with the final days of the Fly Free, we are also making some of the limited edition ships available for sale again. These eight ships will be available in the pledge store through Monday, March 21st. If you've ever wanted a speedy M50 or a mighty Retaliator bomber, this is your chance!
Remember: we are offering these pledge ships to help fund Star Citizen's development. The funding generated by sales such as this go directly to the game's ongoing production. Ships will be available for in-game credits in the final universe, and they are not required to start the game.
NASA's Space Launch System megarocket will fly for the first time in 2018, carrying 13 small research satellites with it into deep space.
NASA has unveiled the lineup of 13 small satellites that will hitchhike on the first deep-space test flight of its new megarocket, a list that includes satellites destined to probe the moon, investigate deep space radiation and even fly out to examine an asteroid.
While the microsatellites, called cubesats, have been deployed into orbits close to Earth before, and launched from the International Space Station, the low-cost research units have never before ventured this far away to do research, NASA officials said from the Marshall Space Flight Center in Alabama. The agency's huge rocket under development, the Space Launch System (SLS), will carry the microsatellites the extra distance in its first full test launch in 2018.
"This is unprecedented: to take a cubesat-class payload thousands of miles away from the Earth, out into deep space, and to actually conduct science," Chris Crumbly, manager of the Space Launch System spacecraft and Payload Integration/Evolution Office at Marshall, said in a news conference today (Feb. 2). [NASA's Space Launch System Mega-Rocket in Pictures]
The SLS rocket is designed to ultimately carry humans into deep space aboard an Orion spacecraft. NASA has been steadily testing parts of the system; all seven of the engine tests were completed in 2015, and progress has been made on solid rocket booster tests and the huge Vertical Assembly Center. When complete, the rocket will be 323 feet (98.5 meters) tall, and although it's slightly shorter than the Saturn V rocket that propelled humans to the moon, it will have 23 percent more thrust, Crumbly said.
The first test flight won't carry humans aboard, but there will be other passengers: the 5-foot-wide (1.5 m), 18-foot-diameter (5.5 m) hoop that connects the rocket to the Orion spacecraft will have room for 13 little cubesats attached to its inner wall. NASA officials had revealed at least three of the cubesats to ride on the Space Launch System before, but Tuesday's announcement confirmed the total number and added several to the list.
The Lunar Flashlight mission will fly in 2018 on NASA's Space Launch System rocket and will make several passes around the moon to search for ice deposits. (Image: © NASA TV)
Four of the cubesats will examine various aspects of the moon up close, investigating the surface and hunting for ice deposits and good locations to extract resources. A "space weather station" will measure particles and magnetic fields in space for a potential space-weather-monitoring network, and another cubesat will measure deep-space radiation's impact on yeast over the course of 18 months, to understand organisms' reaction to the deep-space environment over time — one of the biggest challenges to long-duration spaceflight, NASA officials said.
Another cubesat will travel out to the small asteroid 1991VG under the power of a solar sail. The 86-square-meter (926 square feet) sail will be the thickness of a human hair. It will be pushed by the pressure of sunlight reflecting off of it, driving the craft forward and ultimately past the asteroid, slowly enough to image most of its surface as it rotates.
The Near-Earth Asteroid Scout mission will explore the asteroid 1991VG after it's lifted to space aboard NASA's Space Launch System in 2018. To reach the asteroid, it will be propelled by a large solar sail. (Image: © NASA TV)
The sail, plus solar panels, a processor, a camera and other observing tools, will all begin the journey folded into a volume the size of a shoebox and weighing no more than 30 lbs. (14 kilograms) — "the most complicated game of Tetris you've ever played," said Leslie McNutt, project manager for the cubesat, called the Near-Earth Asteroid Scout. Similar craft could inexpensively survey asteroids to prepare for human visits.
Three more of the cubesat slots will be filled by winners of NASA's Cube Quest Challenge, a contest that is open to any nongovernment team and that will conclude in 2017. The three cubesats selected will actually continue to compete in space, winning shares of the prize if they end up in orbit, and competing in a "Deep Space Derby" or "Lunar Derby" to complete additional research tasks.
The final three cubesats will be chosen from among international partners and will be announced later, NASA officials said — but like the other cubesats, their research will complement NASA's ultimate goals of human exploration, the officials added.
A NASA infographic describes how the Space Launch System will deploy 13 cubesats into deep space on its first test flight, called Exploration Mission-1. (Image: © NASA)
All 13 cubesats will be released into space after SLS launches the Orion craft into a stable orbit past the moon and Orion reaches a safe distance from the rocket's upper stage. The science will be an added bonus to the test flight's main achievement: proving SLS and Orion's capability to support human missions into deep space, and eventually to Mars, the researchers said.
"SLS and the Orion spacecraft are going to take people further than we've ever taken people in human history," Dava Newman, NASA's deputy administrator, said during the news conference. "Further than we've ever been in over four decades, out into deep space and onward to Mars. These technology missions in deep space are really something to pause, reflect on — we're not just talking about it, we're doing it. And it's starting right here."
Email Sarah Lewin at slewin@space.com or follow them @SarahExplains. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
