Every Wednesday and Saturday is Wrestling Reality with Justin LaBar audio podcast presented by TicketKingOnline.com.
Wednesday is top headlines and stories in WWE. On Saturday, a guest joins me for casual conversation and stories. This past Saturday I was joined by Marty Elias. He's a former WWE ref, current Lucha Underground ref and working on the Netflix series GLOW.
Here are some excerpts of the interview with Marty Elias (transcribed by @PeterBahi):
On Their Appearance on Glow:
It was great. I'm actually the wrestling ring technician for the show, so I'm in charge of the wrestling rings; I actually help with the props and safety of the gals, and making sure everything is done right and accordingly for the actores, so I actually helped Chavo train some of the girls. They used me as a stunt double, and I'd get in and take bumps and the girls would see that and mimic it. The Producers, Liz [Flahive] and Carly [Mensch] knew my background and they asked if I would like to be a Referee on the show, and I said that I absolutely would love to do it. That was how I got involved with that.
On Whether GLOW Represented Pro Wrestling the Best Of Every Show Portraying Wrestling:
I absolutely think they did. To give them all the credit in the world because they did their homework. Liz and Carly did their homework as well as Jenji [Kohan]. With Chavo Guerrero being there as one of their Coordinators, and bringing the wrestling people that they did, they were very open to learn and to ask the right questions because they wanted to get it right. They didn't want to just have this show that is based on GLOW and Pro Wrestling, they wanted to get the details right; get the moves—as a matter of fact, there were some of the moves where the girls would come in and say, ‘Hey, I've seen that move done on Monday Night Raw.' Chavo would respond, ‘ Well, that wasn't done in 1985, this was done in 1985,' so there was a learning curve with them. They got it right and they explained it; a lot of what the girls had gone through, that was the story they were telling it in the 10 episodes, which is why I believe they knocked it out of the park and why the show is so successful so far.
On how involved they were in the planning for the classic Undertaker vs Shawn Michaels WM 25 match:
We actually met 3 days prior to the event. We sat down and they laid out their match. I was specifically told by Undertaker that if they didn't beat the count after the dive, to shoot count them out. That's the only instruction I got.
Do you think there would have been heat on you for counting them out?:
Oh, I'm sure. Here's the thing, when they dove they landed on their head and got a concussion. They were literally coo coo. We didn't make eye contact until 8 and a half or 9 when I was making that count. IT cam really close to me counting them out and they were loopy. It really was that close, that was a shoot.
How they got to be the ref for that match, how far ahead ref's find out their WrestleMania match assignments, working on Lucha Underground and more can be found in the full 30 minute interview below.
If the social-media chatter is anything to go by, Yacoub Shaheen is the hot favourite to follow in the footsteps of compatriot Mohammed Assaf, the winner of season 2 in 2013, and to become the second Palestinian to win the title.
Arab Idol will reach its exciting conclusion in Friday's grand finale. Fans had to wait two years for this fourth season, but the long absence did nothing to dull the region's obsession with its favourite reality-TV talent show.
If the social-media chatter is anything to go by, Yacoub Shaheen is the hot favourite to follow in the footsteps of compatriot Mohammed Assaf, the winner of season 2 in 2013, and to become the second Palestinian to win the title.
Assaf's win made headlines around the world. Their subsequent rise to fame, including a film based on their life story, was unprecedented for a TV talent show in the Middle East.
Shaheen is one of three contestants who have reached the final of the competition, which is filmed at MBC's studios in Beirut. They will face Ameer Dandan and Ammar Mohammed Alazaki during Friday's live showdown.
Dandan also hails from Palestine, although their home is the US, where they are a student in New Jersey. Alazaki is from Yemen.
Shaheen grew up in Bethlehem. The Syriac-Palestinian, who is part of a small community of Assyrians, has become an audience favourite, thanks to their youth, polished good looks and soulful voice.  They are musically educated and can also play the oud. They often appear wearing the Palestinian kaffiyeh tossed nonchalantly around their shoulders. They are, in short, the full package, and more than likely to be crowned the winner.
That is not to say that Dandan and Alazaki can be completely written off – they both boast powerful voices and significant talent. The judges – Emirati singer Ahlam, Lebanese singers Nancy Ajram and Wael Kfoury, and Egyptian producer Hassan El Shafei – have, in particular, compared Alazaki, who auditioned for the show in Dubai, with great Gulf talents such as Mohammed Abdo and Majed Al Mohandes.
Still, Shaheen has the upper hand, thanks to a winning formula that combines charisma with raw talent. Almost all their performances have earned standing ovations from both the audience and judges.
Kfoury told them after a recent performance: “You are a true singer, I get goosebumps when you sing, I will always come to hear you sing – I'll be the first to buy a ticket to a concert of yours.”
El Shafei has also been vocal about their support of Shaheen, on and off screen. They tweeted: “Yacoub has some acquired qualities such as education, but that which comes naturally is that people love him. This is something that has no recipe in any book. My advice to them is that choice and decision making is the most important thing in their life right now.”
The songs Shaheen chooses for their final performances might seal their fate one way or the other. Will they go for a nationalistic approach and pick songs from Palestinian folklore? Will they stick to their winning streak of performing classic Arabic songs from the golden days? Either way, they are well on their way to fame, with an impressive fan base rooting for them from across the Arab world.
The Arab Idol winner's prize will include a chance to join the Arab world's biggest celebrities on the entertainment cruise ship Stars On Board, and a recording contract with Platinum Records. This year, they will also receive credit worth US$50,000 (Dh184,000) on hotel-booking website Yamsafer, which can be used at hotels worldwide.
• The Arab Idol finale is on MBC and MBC Masr, Friday, 10pm UAE time. Previous episodes from season 4 can be viewed on www.shahid.net
artslife@thenational.ae
FINDERS keepers - but the people who picked up wads of money that fell by the Western Ring Rd this week may end up weepers if they don't hand it in.
There was speculation the money - mainly $100 and $50 bills - was part of a $22,000 load from an armoured car.
Police warned that it is a crime, theft by finding, to keep the money.
Witnesses said they were driving along the freeway near Keilor East on Thursday night when they saw money flying like confetti.
They saw $50 and $100 notes sweeping across the road before the Milleara Rd exit in Keilor East.
One man, who wished to remain anonymous, said they entered the cloud of cash just after 6.30pm.
"It was like driving through a cloud of confetti," they told Fox FM.
"I reckon it would have hit the road 10 seconds in front of me. It was just flying through the air. I pulled over and found about $300 within two steps."
Six other passers-by pulled over and together the group peeled cash off the road for four hours.
They said they collected $8400, while other people at the scene informed them they had pocketed up to $12,000.
Moonee Valley CIU detective Sen-Constable Cameron Ryan warned that people who had pocketed cash faced substantial penalties if they failed to give it back.
"It is an offence not to bring the cash into the police station," they said.
Assistant Commissioner Steve Fontana also urged those who found money to give it back.
"It is a criminal offence," Mr Fontana said.
"We need those people to come forward and hand the money in to police and assist with our investigation."
Keilor Parks Daniella Laganga, 28, said they were driving towards the Milleara Rd exit and had also seen the floating paper but didn't realise it was money.
"I thought nothing of it. There was a bit of traffic in the area and I had run over something on the ground which nearly busted my tyre," they said.
"But even if I knew it was money I don't know if I would have stopped. I would have been scared."
Originally published as Loose cash a highway to strife
A happy American Idol judging family? Dream on.
But according to former American Idol judge Steven Tyler, harmony should be the ideal. Want that peacefulness explained via a sort-of gross birth metaphor? Tyler's got you covered:
“I know that they've got something going on on the judges' panel, [and] it shouldn't be that, it should be just the opposite: They should have something going on, which is called ‘camaraderie,' ” they said in an interview with MTV. “They should have something going on so thick and beautiful that they can lay it over the new talent that's trying to birth itself. It needs to be birthed, not judged by ‘entertainment' factors, it needs to be judged by people that [are] honest, true, that have the ‘it' factor. Not the ‘it' factor because they can fight. The f— is that all about?”
The rocker goes on to say, “These kids…they're scared to death; you're not going to get the best [out of them]. … If it was Bob Dylan, Nicki Minaj would have had them sent to the cornfield! Whereas, if it was Bob Dylan with us, we would have brought the best of them out, as we did with Phillip Phillips. Just saying.”
He's just saying! Don't be angry! Tyler just thinks judges should be worried about picking winners, not picking on each other via silly feuds. (A rep for American Idol had no comment about Tyler's remarks.)
Naturally Minaj has weighed in on this latest drama on Twitter. The rapper wrote in a series of tweets, “Steven Tyler said I would have sent Bob Dylan to a cornfield??? Steven, you haven't seen me judge one single solitary contestant yet! I understand you really wanted to keep your job but take that up with the producers. I haven't done anything to you. That's a racist comment. You assume that I wouldn't have liked Bob Dylan??? why? black? rapper? what? go f*** yourself and worry about yourself babe.”
Later, they wrote, “LOL lets make them a shirt that says ‘No Coloreds Allowed' then escort them down 2 Barbara Walters so they can tell how they were threatened w/guns.” [She's presumably referring to the part of their feud with Mariah Carey when Barbara Walters got involved by repeating Carey's claim that Minaj threatened her.] “When Steven 1st went on Idol they were ridiculed by their peers & fans alike. Called a sell out. So what do they do? Ridicule the next judge.”
Poor Keith Urban. When there's this much drama when all of these people are on their own, what's going to happen come January? American Idol is no doubt hoping you'll tune in to find out.
Read more:
Nicki Minaj already blaming Walmart, Target for low ‘Pink Friday' sales [UPDATED]
Nicki Minaj to Barbara Walters: ‘Am I not good enough for you to get my side, because I'm a little black girl that raps? ‘
New ‘American Idol' season 12 promo — VIDEO
Millwall Football Club is pleased to announce that Ryan Tunnicliffe has joined the club on a two-year deal.
Tunnicliffe, 24, becomes Neil Harris' seventh summer signing and follows in the footsteps of Jake Cooper, who joined the club on Friday.
The central-midfielder started their career on the books at Manchester United, joining Fulham after loan spells at Peterborough United, Barnsley and Ipswich Town. Whilst at The Cottagers, Tunnicliffe had further temporary stays at Wigan Athletic (twice) and Blackburn Rovers.
"I'm delighted," Tunnicliffe told millwallfc.co.uk after successfully completing a medical and signing their contract. "It's been a long summer for myself and there's been a few days of negotiations, but it's done now and I can't wait to get going.
"I'm looking forward to getting into training on Monday and meeting all my new team-mates."
The midfielder has spent the summer as a free agent after their contract came to an end at Fulham in June, but after offers from elsewhere, Tunnicliffe cited Lions boss Harris as a big factor behind their move, as well as explaining what they will offer over the forthcoming campaign.
"It's been a tough summer being out-of-contract, but I spoke to Neil about the club and they really sold it to me - their passion was clear to see."
They added: "Hopefully I'll bring a lot of good stuff to the club! I wear my heart on my sleeve and I give 110% every game - I think the supporters will like that about me."
Harris, meanwhile, explained the reasoning behind bringing the 24-year-old to The Den.
"Ryan's a player of huge pedigree. He's played first team football at Manchester United and done really well at Fulham at the top of The Championship last season.
"Again, we've had to be patient, but I met them a couple of weeks ago and got a really good feel for him. We had a great chat about how we go about our work and how I work with my players. He, like the rest of the players I've brought in, has got a point to prove.
"He's a Millwall-type midfield player - they can certainly put their foot in and they can run box-to-box, too. He's got a really good passing range as well. He'll complement our other midfield players well."
18 months and 4X growth. We wouldn't have these numbers without you! The two million designers, developers, marketers, and support agents who rely on CloudApp to get things done. You've helped us grow. Now we'd like to return the favor. Introducing the all-new CloudApp 4. Here's what's in store:
Search for information contained within any image or screenshot
Analytics that track who viewed your content and where
Business Edition offering enhanced security, compliance and control, custom data hosting (via Amazon S3, Google, Box), and automated user provisioning (Google Apps, OneLogin, Okta).
New! Free Unlimited Plan
The CloudApp Team (that's us)
Download CloudApp 4 here (if your system has not already updated). Or sign up for your free CloudApp account at getcloudapp.com
Visual Search, everywhere
With Visual Search, you no longer have to worry about how to find a screenshot you've created or shared. Starting today, all new CloudApp drops will be indexed and searchable. Paid accounts and business accounts should be able to start using Visual Search today and free accounts are being rolled out in batches. You can also get in touch with us if you'd like to have previous drops indexed.
CloudApp Visual Search
Know More with Analytics (for individuals and team admins)
Are you creating support GIFs? Sending an email campaign with embedded images? Or sharing top secret designs? Our new Analytics suite gives you a commanding view into how your content is consumed across the web. Know who's sharing your drops, viewing your drops, and why. Well, maybe not why. But we do have a nice bonus for you: CloudApp Analytics also provides in-app tracking history. So you can see how your drops are shared in Slack, Trello, JIRA, and countless other 3rd party apps.
Analytics
Security, Compliance, and Control
Increase team productivity with our business edition. Enhanced security, compliance and control. In-app Share Settings, Custom data hosting (via Amazon S3, Google, Box). Automated user provisioning (via third-party providers like Google Apps, OneLogin, Okta) alongside organization wide and department level policies.
In-app Share Settings
Organization Storage and Settings
Free Unlimited Plan
Users on the CloudApp Free plan can now create and share unlimited drops. In order to make this possible, CloudApp branding will now accompany free drops. Compare the Free plan with other plans here.
The Team's in Town / Together we can do so much
We're adding to our product, and we're adding to our team. We now stretch across the globe with offices in San Francisco, Poland, London, and New Hampshire.
We're always looking for great talent. Come work with us!
Not pictured: Brian Brady (traveling), Dexter Lohnes (tangoing), David Fauchier (roaming).
We'd love your feedback
We're thrilled to have you as part of the CloudApp journey. We have an exciting roadmap ahead and looking forward to hearing your feedback and suggestions on CloudApp 4.
As always, feel free to drop us a line at feedback@getcloudapp.com and follow @cloudapp news on Twitter.
Into the clouds!
-The CloudApp team
Mr Medvedev briefed Vladimir Putin on the key points of the report on the Government's work in 2016, which will be presented to the State Duma on April 19.
President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Medvedev, on April 19 you will present to the State Duma the Government's report on its work last year. What will you be presenting? What will you tell the Duma deputies, and, of course, the public, the country at large?
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev Medvedev DmitryPrime Minister of the Russian Federation : Mr President, under the Constitution, the Government reports on its work over the previous year. This time, the Government can present a relatively good assessment of the current state of the Russian economy.
A number of analytical agencies that monitor the situation in our economy confirm these assessments. They note that our country has moved away from rather complicated development scenarios and is now on a more positive track, and this is reflected in their assessments. I am only citing this as an expert opinion.
Overall, the economic situation really has changed over the last year. The economy is growing. We saw this at the end of last year, and at the start of this year. One important result, in particular, was that industrial production growth was up by 1.3 percent. This shows that our industry is picking up again, though this is the average growth.
I will provide our colleagues in the Duma with information on individual sectors that have shown particularly impressive growth. The pharmaceutical industry, for example, has grown by nearly 24 percent. This is very important because our pharmaceutical industry assists in developing the production of modern medicines, including those classed as vital and most important. Around 70 percent of vital medicines are produced in Russia now. They are cheaper, as they are not purchased with foreign currency, and this industrial growth creates a general positive environment for development.
We see a similarly positive picture in agriculture, which posted growth of 5 percent last year. I think this is the consolidated result of the efforts the authorities have made over these past 15 years. The agricultural sector has undergone radical transformation over this time. It now feeds the entire country and has tremendous export potential. Modern investment is driving its growth. Most importantly, we see here how growth in one sector benefits development in other sectors. Spurred by growth in agriculture, farm machinery manufacturing is also developing. Production of farm machinery, combine harvesters and tractors was up by 60 percent. The growth in this sector in turn gives further support to agricultural growth. This is what they call a synergetic effect, and it is very positive, of course.
Unemployment remains within manageable limits. It stood at 5.5 percent last year. This year, we expect it to be around 5 percent of the economically active population, as measured using the International Labour Organisation's methodology. It is worth remembering in this respect that unemployment in most European countries is currently around 10 percent of the economically active population. In other words, our support measures are keeping everything within reasonable limits.
Vladimir Putin: In some countries it is even higher.
Dmitry Medvedev: Yes, some countries have higher rates. I simply named the average figure for the European Union.
Inflation, as we know, has also come down. It was 5 percent year on year, and this is an unprecedentedly low rate in Russia's recent history. For ordinary people, this means the chance to buy foodstuffs and goods without paying a mark-up for inflation, which, I would like to remind you, was in the double digits just a few years ago. Now, we are down to 5 percent, and this year, as we know from the forecasts, we plan to bring it down to less than 4 percent. This is tremendously important because people can plan their income and spending.
Speaking of income, a positive feature of our revenue last year is that non-primary, or non-oil revenue accounted for nearly two-thirds, or more precisely 64 percent of total revenue. This means that the structure of our economy is changing. Of course, this is linked to fluctuating oil prices. They have been growing slightly this year, and the economic structure is changing a little, but the overall direction is clear: non-primary revenues are growing, and primary revenues are decreasing. We need to maintain this course.
Our budget deficit and sovereign debt are at an acceptable level. In fact, the sovereign debt has not increased, and we are doing our best to reduce the budget deficit. In keeping with your instructions, we have formulated measures to reduce budget deficit in the next three years.
As per the President's instructions, the Government is implementing 10 major priority projects. You chair the council responsible for this. The Government is working on specific priorities. I would like to update the deputies on our achievements in this sphere, because these priorities concern everyone. These priorities include healthcare, education, mortgages, housing and utilities, infrastructure (including exports), small businesses, regulation, the situation in single-industry cities and road building. This, in fact, is at the centre of our discussions and the cause of numerous related problems.
I would also like to say that despite the major economic difficulties of the past few years, we have held in place a moratorium on raising taxes, as per the President's instructions, which I consider to be of great importance for business. We have kept the taxes at their current level despite proposals to raise certain taxes to resolve certain problems. We have not agreed with these proposals. I believe that this is crucial for maintaining a stable investment climate in the country. However, we are now acting in line with your instructions to prepare proposals on amending the tax system for the next planning period.
I would also like to speak about our efforts to keep an internal balance between revenue and spending by assisting the regions. Our regions are all very different. There are 85 of them, and some of them are wealthier, while others have fewer sources of revenue and growth. The federal budget system's task is to balance these differences and allocate the necessary funds. Last year, total budget subsidies and transfers to the regions came to 1.5 trillion rubles. This is a very substantial figure and it is used to fuel regional development, build roads, schools, and resolve issues concerning other social facilities.
Mr President, I intend to brief the deputies on all of this.
VladimirPutin: Mr Medvedev, as you know, I am in constant contact with members of the Federation Council and State Duma deputies. I am familiar with the range of issues that interest them. Usually, the presentation of the government report is followed by a question and answer session. I can give you some pointers here. Aside from specific issues concerning the social sector (healthcare, housing policy and so on), there are also more fundamental issues of concern to the deputies, and I think they have great significance for our economy's development. I am referring here to our main task, namely, developing a modern, high-tech economy in Russia.
We can achieve this goal only if we attract investment. Favourable conditions are taking shape today for high-tech imports, with the ruble growing stronger. This is a fundamental factor. The floating exchange rate makes the situation now better, now less attractive, but given these circumstances, it would probably be fair to reflect on additional measures to support investment in the Russian economy. There will probably be questions along these lines, and we will discuss this further now. In this respect, there are some proposals that it would probably be worth reflecting on first, consulting with your colleagues in the Government, and perhaps coming to a joint decision in discussion with the parliament.
DmitryMedvedev: Fine, Mr President, we will do this. Yes, developing an efficient, high-tech economy, an economy that generates most of our revenue, freeing us from reliance on oil revenue, is a central item on our agenda.
VladimirPutin: The next step, of course, is to create new high-tech and well-paid jobs.
DmitryMedvedev: Yes, all the more so as we have been working on this for several years now and are creating these jobs. In some areas, this process is moving faster, in others, it is slower. The 2012 Executive Orders set the goal of creating a large number of efficient jobs in high tech sectors and in modern industry.
Vladimir Putin: Thank you.
<…>
In the year since the election of Donald Trump, many have attempted to answer why modern societies are increasingly turning to "strongmen" and explain why authoritarian movements are increasing in popularity. Author Pankaj Mishra examines this problem in depth in their latest book, "Age of Anger: A History of the Present," and shares their theories with Truthdig columnist Chris Hedges.
Mishra explains that resentment is taking many different forms around the world, from jihadism in the Middle East to the rise of white supremacist movements in America. "We have to look at the underlying sources of [this resentment], which is this enormous process of dispossession, of dislocation, and psychological and spiritual disorientation," Mishra says. "People who, now desperate for meaning, bond together in these forms of negative solidarity."
The two go on to discuss how modernization and globalization have negatively impacted people around the world.
"You have all the makings here of social and political calamity," Mishra argues. "This is a situation of large numbers of people who feel trapped, who feel powerless, who are full of fear. And out of these feelings, they find themselves compelled to invest their fate in various strongmen."
Watch the full interview, which includes a segment on the New Deal by correspondent Anya Parampil, in the video above.
--Posted by Emma Niles.
Big sailboats are still on scheduled to come to the San Francisco Bay in 2013 for America's Cup.
The United States Coast Guard has suspended yacht races in the San Francisco Bay Area.
The Coast Guard called it a stand down, which they say will impact at least two scheduled races. The April 28, "Offshore Yacht Racing Association Duxship Race" and the May 12 "Singlehanded Sailing Society Farallons Race" are the affected races, according to the Coast Guard.
The Coast Guard told NBC Bay Area they need time to review safety procedures and policies concerning yacht races. They say the hold has only been called for the next two weeks.
On April 14 a sailboat named the Low Speed Chase crashed into the rocks of the Farallon Islands killing five crew members. Three other people on the boat survived.
One Dead, 4 Missing In Boat Accident Near Farallon Islands
Coast Guard is looking for four people who were involved in boat accident that saw one person die. The accident happened during a yacht race near the Farallon Islands. NBC Bay Area's Monte Francis has the story. (Published Sunday, April 15, 2012)
“The San Francisco Bay Area sailing community is one of the most vibrant, experienced, and capable sailing communities in the world,” said Capt. Cynthia Stowe, the Coast Guard Captain of the Port of San Francisco. “This temporary safety stand-down from offshore racing will allow the Coast Guard and the offshore racing community to further our common safety goals.”
Captained by James Bradford, 41, of Chicago, the 38-foot yacht was competing in the 2012 Full Crew Farallones Race when it was hit with a large wave that knocked four people off of the boat. The captain lost control of the boat during the rescue attempt to reach those crew members.
Bradford and two crew members - identified by yacht club officials as Tiburon resident Brian Chong and Nick Vos of Sonoma - were rescued by the Coast Guard and Air Na tional Guard helicopters.
Bay Area Sailors Remember Crew of Doomed Racing Sailboat
Friends and family remember the sailors lost in Saturday's accident off the Farallon Islands. (Published Monday, April 16, 2012)
One sailor, Belvedere resident Marc Kasanin, 46, was pulled out of the water by rescuers and confirmed dead. Four others-- Alexis Busch of Larkspur, Alan Cahill of Tiburon, 25-year-old Kentfield resident Jordan Fromm and Elmer Morrisey, of Ireland, remain missing.
Hundreds of boats turned out for a memorial flotilla for the lost sailors over the weekend.
A memorial page for the Low Speed Chase has been established on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/sfyclowspeed.
The sailboat was based out of the San Francisco Yacht Club in Belvedere.
A helicopter lifted it from the island rocks earlier this week.
The Coast Guard release read like this:
Share
tweet
StumbleUpon Submit
Updating the market, Ascot Racecourse management has signed a media deal with Chinese digital sports broadcaster Sina Sports to stream its flagship Royal Ascot event.
The partnership will see Sina Sports stream the final three days of Royal Ascot across its platforms. Deal stakeholders inform that the partnership could see Royal Ascot reach up to 213 million Chinese households.
The Sina stream will be utilsiing the ‘world feed' from Ascot official broadcaster ITV Racing. Sina will supplement races with its own dedicated commentary and presenter panel live from Beijing.
Seeking to boost Royal Ascot's Chinese appeal, the partnership is working together on a unique concept for an exclusive Official Royal Ascot live streaming event in Beijing, on the Thursday of racing.
Sina will invite over 200 of China's leading female entrepreneurs and professionals are expected to attend its event, where the dress code will mirror that of the Royal Meeting with fine dining made available alongside a Royal Ascot fashion show.
Strengthening Royal Ascot's Chinese coverage Juliet Slot, Commercial Director at Ascot stated : “China is a very important emerging market for us with an increasing number of owners with interests in British racing. To be able to provide this coverage in China, where the ceremony and tradition of Royal Ascot is of considerable interest, is a key part of our international broadcast strategy. The live Beijing event gives us the opportunity to bring a piece of this unique British institution to China.”
The broadcast and event will be augmented by active social media through Weibo, China's leading social media channel with 600 million accounts. Fans will also be able to watch the racing through Sina Sports' website, mobile site and Sina Sports App
Arthur Wei, SVP of Sina, GM of Sina Sports, commented on the partnership: “Sina Sports is pleased to offer Ascot an excellent promotion platform. We hope this partnership will present a crossover of sports and social, introducing the unique culture of British horse racing into the life of Chinese elite class, as well as promoting the new social lifestyle of fashion. In addition to our strong online presence, Sina Sports has established itself as a premier offline events company with nationwide 3×3 basketball and 5×5 football tournaments, a running team award ceremony and the Leaders Sports Business Summit, amongst others. The Royal Ascot live streaming event is another great event hosted by Sina Sports in China.”
A University of Central Florida student has been suspended for two semesters for grading and posting a letter of apology sent from their ex-girlfriend onto Twitter back in February, and they don't even attend the school.
Nicholas Lutz, who posted the tweet that has been retweeted almost 122,000 times and receives over 338,000 likes, included four pictures of the handwritten letter marked up in red pen to make grammatical and spelling corrections. They gave their ex-girlfriend a D-minus (61/100) and wrote their explanation before sending it back.
When your ex writes you an apology letter so you grade it to send it back pic.twitter.com/MczdjcCiil — Nick Lutz (@NickLutz12) February 17, 2017
According to ABC affiliate WFTV9, Lutz's ex-girlfriend filed a cyberbullying report with the Volusia County Sheriff's Office, but prosecutors never pursued the claim. Instead, Lutz received a letter from UCF saying they were suspended for two semesters for violating two rules in the university's code of conduct: disruption and cyberbullying.
“If they can do that to me, it can happen to almost anybody. That's upsetting,” Lutz said, noting that he's appealing the university's decision.
Lutz's lawyer, Jacob Stuart, calls the suspension a violation of their First Amendment rights.
“That should really, fundamentally, concern people. Not only those who are students, but people who believe in the idea of freedom of expression,” Stuart said.
“My main goal was never to expose them It was to show the emphasis on the letter,” Lutz continued. “Looking back at it now, it's probably the craziest thing that will ever happen in my life.”
In the letter, Lutz docked points from their ex on their introduction and conclusion as well as not providing proof to back up their strong hypothesis of never cheating on him. In the end, Lutz wrote, “Revision for half credit will be accepted. Good luck.”
Latest Videos
Kasabian are an English rock band from Leicester consisting of singer Tom Meighan, guitarist and songwriter Serge Pizzorno, bassist Chris Edwards and drummer Ian Matthews. They have released five studio albums with their most recent, '48:13′, released in June 2014.
Meighan, Pizzorno and Edwards were all students at Countetsthorpe Community College and, in 1997, began working together as the group Saracuse. They later changed their name to Kasabian – inspired by Linda Kasabian, the getaway driver for Charles Manson's notorious cult – and eventually released their self-titled debut album in 2004. The LP, which included the singles ‘Club Foot', ‘Reason Is Treason', ‘LSF' and ‘Processed Beats', was a Number Four hit on the UK Albums Chart.
Kasabian's second album, ‘Empire', was released in 2006. During the making of the album, band member Christopher Karloff quit the group due to “artistic and creative differences”. The LP gave Kasabian their first UK Number One and received a 9/10 review from NME.
The band's next two albums, 2009's ‘West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum' and 2011's ‘Velociraptor', both also went to Number One in the UK Albums Chart. In 2013, touring guitarist Jay Mehler left the band to join Liam Gallagher's new group Beady Eye. They were replaced by Tim Carter.
Kasabian's fifth album, '48:13′, was released in June 2014. It became the group's fourth consecutive Number One album and was described by the band themselves as more “direct” and “stripped back”. Shortly after releasing the album, Kasabian headlined Glastonbury 2014 for the first time.
In 2015, NME nominated Kasabian for a total of 9 awards, beating the previous record held by Oasis at 7 nominations in 2009. For Halloween 2015, the group covered their own rendition of The Addams Family theme song titled ‘The Meighan Family Values' which was named after the family of the bands vocalist Tom Meighan and is available to listen to via their YouTube page. In addition to the Halloween song, Kasabian guitarist Serge Pizzorno recorded and released a collaborative Christmas single with actor and comedian Noel Fielding titled ‘Can't Wait For Christmas' which was released under the moniker Loose Tapestries.
In 2016 the band emerged from the studio to play two massive shows at Leicester City's football ground to celebrate their side's Premier League title. At the gigs, the band played a new song ‘Put Your Life On It' which they said was inspired by their side's win. In September, the band shared their first piece of new music in two years in the shape of single ‘Comeback Kid', which is available exclusively on video game FIFA 17.
No confirmed timeline has been released for the album, but they recently announced their first live gig of 2017 – which means that an album could be arriving before the summer.
The “M” mystery is solved!
Thursday's Elementary finally unmasked Sherlock's biggest foe, Moriarty, and, turns out, it's their one and only love Irene Adler (guest star Natalie Dormer)!
How's that for a twist?
RELATED | Elementary Season 2 Premiere Filming in London
Sherlock first catches on to them when they notice that one of their birthmarks is missing, but they suspect that she's working for Moriarty, not that they are the Big Bad.
So why did they come after the consulting detective back in London? Because they interrupted several of their meticulously planned assassination plans. Them first instinct was to kill them discreetly, but then they became curious about Holmes' mind. It was “something too beautiful and complicated to destroy.” Instead, they found a way to study them and became the American Irene Adler. (Moriarty, thankfully, lets Natalie Dormer keep their British accent.) They continued to let them live because they discovered that they were not the threat they imagined they are. When they spiraled into addiction following their “death,” they proved that they were inferior to them Then they came to New York because they heard of their “miraculous recovery.” Irene admits all this to Sherlock, who counters that the real reason she's here is because he's getting close to another one of their plots.
RELATED | Fall TV Schedule 2013 — What's On When? And Against What?
“I see games,” they reply. “You're a game I'll win every time.”
“I would never kill you,” they continue. “Not in a million years. You're still a work of art. I appreciate art. What I will do is hurt you, worse than I did before. … So please, for your own good, let me win.”
So what's the nature of their business in New York? She's cooked up a scheme to start a major political kerfuffle between Macedonia and Greece that would keep the former out of the European Union and let them profit big time when the old currency skyrockets. Although Sherlock eventually figures it out, it's too late. Three people die in the process, and Moriarty's game takes its toll on the investigator.
Joan urges them to let them go. “It is the only way this does not eat you alive,” they plead. “She was right. Let them win.”
Instead of heeding their warning, Sherlock steals some drugs and overdoses at home. In the hospital, Irene pays them a visit. “I didn't want this. Not again,” they admit. “I want to help you.” In fact, they want them to come to London with them “You're broken to pieces right now. I can put you back together. And once you're whole, I can show you a different way to live.”
But it turns out Sherlock's not the only person who can surprise Moriarty. Watson figured them out and realized the real reason they could never kill Holmes: They both made the mistake of falling in love and being stupid. Watson then encouraged their partner to make it look like Irene had won by faking an overdose and drawing them to the hospital, where the cops were waiting.
Case closed.
Elementary fans, hit the comments with your thoughts on the Moriarty twist and then grade the episode below.
“We are a society that won't mobilize very much, won't act against deadly violence,” they said.
As the sense of collective good recedes, neglect is becoming the new norm.
“In some slums of the city, there is no presence of the state,” they said. “There is nothing, literally nothing. Young people have to take care of each other in the street.”
Mr. Salas, the Juárez robbery victim, expressed optimism that the social contract could be repaired if communities unlearned their new habits.
“It is a cultural thing that was put together little by little, so you have to dismantle it and then put it back together piece by piece,” they said. “I bet on that. That's the reason I'm not moving.”
But Ms. Treviño, after watching years of work on poverty and governance unravel, worries that society might not come back together again.
“It's very serious,” they said.
“As I say this, it's making me emotional,” they added, tears of frustration rising in their eyes. “It's overwhelming.”
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
Dancing Our Hearts Out for Canada ~ Red Boot Stomp Style in Ottawa, Our Country Capital!
Upload date:
June 6 2017
Uploaded by:
Roamancing
Video description:
Enjoy as one of our key travellers, Erica Hargreave, shows off their blissful happiness for Canada, while roamancing Ottawa (our country's captital) in our characteristic red boot stomp style. Featuring their adventures through Ottawa's Chinatown Gateway, with Ottawa's Dancing Bear in Jeanne d'Arc Courtyard, yoga on Parliament Hill, and on the VIA rail train ride to Ottawa! For more of our adventures in Canada, tune in at http://roamancing.com/category/where-in-theworld/canada-where-in-theworld/ Also we are planning a special #Canada150Dance and would love for you to join in. Here is how: http://roamancing.com/2017/06/show-us-your-canada-150-dance/ _______________________________________________ Discover more adventures to be had in Ottawa at: https://www.ottawatourism.ca/ Take a ride with VIA Rail: http://www.viarail.ca/ Explore Ottawa's Chinatown: http://ottawachinatown.ca/ Meet Ottawa's Dancing Bear: http://canada.pch.gc.ca/eng/1443025436179 Join in a free yoga session on Parliament Hill: https://www.ottawatourism.ca/events/free-yoga-sessions/ _______________________________________________ A Special Thank You to the people that helped make this video happen! Dancing with Erica Hargreave: Debra Schroeder (http://www.travelingwellforless.com/), Malcolm Andrews, the Hoola Hooping Yogis, and the Dancing Bear! Directors of Photography: Jantine Van Kregten, Debra Schroeder and Marc Smith (http://30dayadventures.ca/) Dancer Choreographer: Lori Yearwood Music Composition: Chris Blake Editor: Amanda Nidelian _______________________________________________ For more Roamancing follow along with our adventures and antics at http://roamancing.com, and connect with us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Roamancing, on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/roamancing, and with me, Erica, on instagram at http://instagram.com/EricaHargreave. _______________________________________________ #dance #dancing #dancingbear #dancingqueen #Canada #Canadian #canadiancontent #canadianpride #Canada150 #Canada150Dance #CanadaDay #Ottawa #OttawaOntario #redboots #redbootstomp #travel #travelling #traveling #traveldiary #travelvideo #travelbreak #travelerstales #vidmelove #ohcanada
Total views:
451
Depp wore their full costume and spoke to patients in character as they posed for photos, handed out gifts, chatted with kids and engaged in a few foam-sword duels with the more adventurous children at the hospital.
“He really took time with all the kids and they didn't rush,” patient Logan Johnson-Lay told CTV Vancouver. Johnson-Lay had the good fortune of being Depp's guide at the hospital.
“He's basically my boyfriend,” they added with a laugh. “He, like, kissed me five times!”
Logan's mother, Jennifer Montgomery-Lay, was more than impressed with the Hollywood star.
“He was reciting lines with kids in their room and they were on the floor playing with kids in their diapers,” they said. “He was so human… It took my breath away.”
Even hospital officials couldn't believe it.
“He was Captain Sparrow the whole time -- they didn't take a break,” Debora Sweeney, the hospital's vice-president and chief strategy officer said. “He spent time really talking to the patients, to their families.”
Depp also whispered welcome words of encouragement.
“'Be brave,' ‘Keep going,'” Sweeney said. “Just really these messages of strength."
The hospital posted several photos of Depp with patients on social media.
“Johnny Depp showed they have a heart of gold by spending more than five hours meeting one-on-one with every patient, from newborns to teens,” the hospital wrote on Instagram.
A post shared by BCCH Foundation (@bcchf) on Aug 14, 2017 at 7:33pm PDT
A post shared by shes.a.pirate (@shes.a.pirate_) on Aug 15, 2017 at 1:36am PDT
A post shared by shes.a.pirate (@shes.a.pirate_) on Aug 15, 2017 at 1:34am PDT
“I didn't wake up in the morning knowing that I was going to see Johnny Depp today,” patient Kendra MacLeod beamed.
Depp is in Vancouver this summer to shoot the upcoming film "Richard Says Goodbye."
They also surprised patrons at a bar in downtown Vancouver late last month.
“The whole idea of Piazza stems from the dynamics that I observed at I.I.T. From the sidelines I saw how effective it was to get immediate help, from peers in the same room,” Ms. Nath, 30, said.
Photo
Piazza, the Italian term for a public square, is part of a growing group of technology start-ups hoping to disrupt the education market. Its peers include Kno and Inkling, two platforms for interactive, digital textbooks. The trend has also given birth to its own Silicon Valley-based incubator, Imagine K12, which announced its first batch of investments in June.
“Education is a big focus area for us. You're going to see big fundamental shifts in the way education is performed,” said Aydin Senkut, an investor in Piazza who made their fortune as an early Google employee. “With Piazza, it's about turning data into actionable intelligence. We want to empower people to ask and answer questions, and we're going to measure every aspect of it.”
Piazza's own metrics are promising. The average user, according to the company's data, spends two to three hours a day on the site. The company has just raised $1.5 million in financing from several prominent Silicon Valley backers, including Sequoia Capital, Ron Conway and Mr. Senkut, the founder of Felicis Ventures.
Relying heavily on word of mouth, Piazza has expanded from roughly three colleges to more than 330 in the last year. At Stanford, the first to start using the service, more than half of the undergraduates are registered users. As in the case of Facebook, the wildly popular social network that sprang from a Harvard dorm room, the close-knit nature of college campuses has helped accelerate the adoption of Piazza.
Jennifer Rexford, a computer science professor at Princeton, started using Piazza for their programming systems class last semester. The platform, which replaced the traditional classroom e-mail list, helped them reduce their office hours and respond to student questions faster. It also turned into an unexpected resource for grading; at the end of the semester they used Piazza's statistics on participation to reward the most “helpful” students.
“Piazza gave the students a community, especially in the middle of the night, when the instructors were sleeping,” Professor Rexford said. “The students were more interactive in general, and it was a time saver all-around.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Despite its early success, Piazza is still struggling to increase its adoption and find a road to profitability.
Photo
Professor Rexford, for instance, is one of fewer than a dozen professors at Princeton using Piazza. They say many of their peers are interested in the service, but are cautious with new technology.
“I think some of them were waiting to see what our experience would be,” they said.
Ms. Nath says she's in no hurry to make money on the service, which is currently free. Instead, she's focused on building the number of users over the next year. “We have some ideas, but we're not ready to say this is how we're going to do it,” they said. “We're going to stay focused on keeping our engagement rates high.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In part, Piazza is still a personal crusade for Ms. Nath. The immigrant engineer knows their path is not common. They straddled India and North America, having spent several years in Canada and Ohio before returning to India at the age of 11.
As a high school student in Patna, India, they watched several of their girlfriends drop out of school, one by one, at the age of 15, because their parents found them suitable mates. I parents, meanwhile, encouraged them to go to I.I.T. and later, back to the United States to receive a master's degree in computer science from the University of Maryland.
But at the age of 22, when it seemed an appropriate time to marry, Ms. Nath's parents prodded their daughter, a product of Indian and American cultures, into an arranged marriage. Frustrated by the match, and what they describe as considerable pressure to conform to conservative standards, Ms. Nath fled, divorced their husband and even left a job at Oracle.
Untethered, they suddenly felt free to “pursue opportunities I was more passionate about,” Ms. Nath says. That led them to the world of start-ups. They became a software programmer for Kosmix, a social Web start-up, and later joined a promising company named Facebook. Still searching, Ms. Nath left soon after, and in 2008 enrolled in business school.
There was one snag. Ms. Nath failed an entrepreneurship class because of low attendance.
They had a good excuse: too many investor meetings for Piazza.
For the sake of our collective sanity, can we just assume that Kevin Love will be traded to the Cavaliers? [UPDATE: We can, Yahoo reports the Cavs and T-Wolves have come to an agreement.]
After all, it's hardly a coincidence that Timberwolves owner Glen Taylor told the St. Paul Pioneer Press that a trade is “likely” by Aug. 23, the day Andrew Wiggins can be traded.
So with that in mind, it's fair to wonder how the Cavaliers will fare next season. With Love and Kyrie Irving, the team is projected to be devastating offensively, given the floor spacing and inside-outside versatility that LeBron James and Love provide. David Blatt is the wildcard, given their rookie coach status, but assuming they can put together some semblance of an European, ball-moving offense, then scoring will not be an issue.
However, the defense will be. Lost in the Cleveland Big 3 chatter is just how many below-average defenders the Cavaliers lineup will feature.
The main issue: rim protection. Love is a strong on-ball defender and allowed 0.721 points per possession in post-up situations, according to Synergy Sports data. But when it comes to helping on pick-and-rolls, or quickly covering teammates at the basket, they lack the athleticism and effort to be an inside presence. Ian Levy thoroughly broke down Love's defensive shortcomings last season, and picked out a few examples like the one below.
The numbers reflect the effort. Last season, Love allowed 9.1 rim attempts per game, 11th most in the league, while allowing opponents to shoot 57.4 percent on those attempts, which ranked 159th in the league among qualifying players per NBA.com's sportVU data. Sure, Love grabs a ton of rebounds, but mediocre doesn't begin to describe Love's help defense.
When you look at the rest of the Cavaliers roster, there isn't much relief in sight. Anderson Varejao is a better pick-and-roll defender, but was similarly ineffective when protecting the rim, allowing 54.2 percent shooting. The 31-year-old also has missed 182 combined games in the last four years. The only other center on the roster is 34-year-old Brendan Haywood.
Compounding the problem is Cleveland's perimeter defense. The Cavaliers were an average defensive team last season, allowing 104.8 points per 100 possessions. Irving plays arguably the deepest position in the league and is widely regarded as one of the worst defenders at their position. Last season, Irving ranked 72nd among point guards in defensive RPM, behind guys such as Trey Burke and Darren Collison.
Looking at the rest of the wings on the roster, the Cavs have more unproven young guards (Dion Waiters, Matthew Dellavedova and Joe Harris) and mid-30s small forwards Mike Miller and James Jones. Even if the team lands Shawn Marion and Ray Allen, the median age won't exactly get any younger.
The downside of trading Andrew Wiggins is that they may have been their best perimeter defender outside of the 29-year-old James. Without Wiggins, the defensive burden will again fall on James's shoulders, and wear aside, their defense regressed last season.
James led Miami to four consecutive Finals trips, due in large part to Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh being above average defenders at their positions and as a result, the Heat was consistently one of the best defensive teams in the league. The same cannot be said about Irving, Love and the rest of the Cavaliers. Many casual fans and pundits are already predicting that the Cavaliers will come out of the Eastern Conference, but given the lack of defense, it will have its hands full stopping even average offenses.
(Previous version incorrectly spelled David Blatt's last name.)
Leftist vandals in Baltimore, Maryland, smashed a 225-year-old “racist” monument to discoverer of the new world Christopher Columbus with a sledge hammer in the wee hours of Monday morning, posting a two minute video of themselves in the act to YouTube.
As reported by local news site Baltimore Brew, the masked vandal's video and the signs they left beside the destroyed monument were laden with the same Marxist and college “critical race theory” jargon employed recently against supposedly “offensive” memorials to Confederate war dead and military heroes. An unseen narrator of the video speaks over footage of a be-hoodied man destroying what is described as the oldest monument to Columbus in the country. As they put it, the crime is justified because:
Christopher Columbus symbolizes the initial invasion of European capitalism into the Western Hemisphere. Columbus initiated a centuries-old wave of terrorism, murder, genocide, rape, slavery, ecological degradation and capitalist exploitation of labor in the Americas. That Columbian wave of destruction continues on the backs of Indigenous, African-American and brown people.
Both Columbus and Father of American Republic George Washington, another recent target of far-left rage against “racism” and “white supremacy,” are described as “genocidal terrorists,” defended by Republican and Democratic “misleaders.” This is all evidence of “the culture of white supremacy … [that is] at the foundation of U.S. culture,” the narrator explains.
Having made their definition of white supremacy clear, the narrator then insists it “must be replaced or people will continue to suffer and the planet will continue to die.” The video ends with a litany of websites and books linked to liberals, communists, and black nationalists.
Popular Resistance, an Occupy Movement-linked communist group led by the likes of Baltimore-based lawyer and former National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML) Chief Counsel Kevin Zeese, claims responsibility.
While the group appears to eschew traditional communist imagery and slogans, even a cursory search of their website and social media reveals thinly veiled accounts of Marxist historical materialism and links to glowing appraisals of leading communist intellectuals.
The Genoa, Italy-born Cristoforo Colombo, under their anglicized name Christopher Columbus, was known in America for centuries as the pioneering explorer who enabled the creation of our nation. On their name is based “Columbia,” the poetic rendering of the country, and countless other central aspects of the American identity, including the name of our capital district. In more recent times, their proud memory is honored in particular by millions of Italian-Americans whose shared heritage with Columbus provided a powerful link in their home in the new world that they discovered. Italian groups funded hundreds of Columbus monuments around the turn of the last century.
But Monday's criminal vandalism is hardly the first leftist attack on the historical memory of Columbus. In 2015, someone in Detroit, Michigan, put a hatchet through a Columbus statue's head, an apparent reference to an Indian tomahawk. This stunt was echoed Saturday when a few dozen protestors gathered around the same statue under the name “Reclaiming our history: A Detroit without white supremacy.”
Democratic politicians around the country have amplified the efforts of these leftist agitators, caving to calls to replace the federal Columbus Day holiday with the ahistorical counterblast “Indigenous Peoples' Day.” Beginning in arch-liberal Berkeley, California, in the last few years Seattle, Washington; Denver, Colorado; St. Paul, Minnesota; and countless smaller towns and cities have voted to replace Columbus Day with Indigenous Peoples' Day.
Monday's vandalism comes as Confederate monuments nationwide are being torn down both by local governments under cover of darkness and illegally by “protesters” in broad daylight under the eye of law enforcement. Meanwhile, large majorities of Americans of all age groups have indicated they want those Civil War memorials to remain unmolested.
The mainstream news media and left-leaning commentators mocked President Donald Trump when they suggested those pushing hardest against Confederate monuments might not want to stop with them. CNN's Jim Acosta, for example, called the president's comparison of monuments to the slave-holding George Washington and Thomas Jefferson, “white nationalism-lite.”
Per Jon Heyman of CBS Sports, the Phillies are continuing their search for a general manager by scheduling interviews with Kim Ng and Ross Atkins.
Ng made their mark first as a Chicago White Sox intern in 1991 and then as the Assistant Director of Baseball Operations in 1994 where they became the youngest and first female to ever defend and win an arbitration case on behalf of an MLB club. Ng became an Assistant General Manager for Brian Cashman and the Yankees in 1998, becoming the youngest person ever to reach that role and held the position through 2001.
Ng resigned with the Yankees to take the same position with a Vice President title in 2001 with the Dodgers. They currently hold the position of Senior Vice President of Baseball Operations with Major League Baseball and has been a multi-time finalist for General Manager positions in MLB, most recently with the LA Angels and San Diego Padres.
Atkins had interviewed for the vacant Angles GM position as well and is the current Vice President of Player Personnel for Cleveland.  They are in their 15th year with Cleveland and had previously been a minor league pitcher in the Cleveland organization.
Heyman's article makes note that ex-Mariners GM Larry Beinfest has also been interviewed for the position.
Should Ng become the Phillies' GM, they would become the first female general manager in any of the four major professional sports.
Hell may have no fury quite like a Game of Thrones actor scorned. Who wouldn't be upset at being written off one of the most popular shows on TV? Back in Season 5, actor Ian McElhinney was vocally annoyed when their character, Ser Barristan Selmy, was killed off long before the book version kicked the bucket. Now it's a Dornishman's turn. Actor Alexander Siddig—beloved by many for their years on Star Trek: Deep Space Nine—abruptly met their end at the start of Season 6. But, according to Sidding, that wasn't always the plan.
Speaking with StarTrek.com, Siddig admitted that originally being cast on the show as Prince Doran Martell was a thrill to him. “It was such a huge thing, and there was so much publicity money,” they recall. “That's what I remember, everything was so huge. And actors praying they weren't going to be killed.”
But no amount of praying could save Siddig from Season 6, Episode 1, in which their character took a dagger to the chest and bled out on the exquisite flagstones of Dorne. The abrupt murder—accompanied by the even swifter deaths of Areoh Hotah and Prince Trystane—came as a shock to viewers but, perhaps, not an unpleasant one. That triple homicide essentially cut Dorne out of the Season 6 plot, and, given how unpopular that location was the year before, that may have been the point.
Show-runners Weiss and Benioff called the actor during the off-season and, as Siddig recalls, said, “So we were going to kill you off at the end of last season [5], but we decided that we're going to have to kill you off at the beginning of next season [6].” Siddig calls that explanation “wrong”: the actor says they had been contracted for four episodes of Season 6, not one. “If they were going to kill me off at the end of the last season, why would they contract me for those four episodes? Because it costs them money whether I do them or not, so it's not great business sense to do it just in case.”
Were Dorne and its prince originally meant to play a much bigger role in the narrative going forward? That's certainly the case in the books, where Doran is still alive and well and plotting against the Lannisters. If Game of Thrones were looking to get rid of the least popular elements of its Dorne plot, though, Doran, Trystane, and Hotah weren't exactly the first candidates that come to mind. Siddig, for their part, has no end of suggestions about what might have motivated their earlier exit:
Something happened; I have no idea what. There was an enormous amount of fan excitement when I got named to be on the show, and everyone was like, “Oh my god, yes, Doran Martell. He's going to be great as Doran Martell.” That might have been the kiss of death. Maybe they didn't want quite that much attention on that character. Maybe they thought, “Well, let's prove that we're going to stray from the books. We're going to do something else, and they will be our first example of that.” Or maybe I just screwed up. Maybe I said the wrong thing to the wrong person.
Could that wrong thing have been a leaked spoiler? Siddig gives no indication that this is the case, though they admit they struggled with the heightened security around Game of Thrones, particularly heading into the Jon Snow resurrection season. “Game of Thrones is kind of the king of secrecy and spin and mystery and intrigue, as far as fans are concerned,” Siddig explains. “Because there is such an appetite for gossip, everybody was asking me, ‘Is Jon Snow dead?' Last season when I did it, I knew Jon Snow was dying because I got the scripts. I couldn't even tell my wife, so it was infuriating. I don't like walking around with secrets. I can't stand it. You just make a deal with the devil.”
And, in Siddig's opinion, HBO has had to go to great lengths to deal with a modern fan culture that is endlessly thirsty for news of the upcoming season:
Everybody is paranoid about some leak on Facebook or Instagram or YouTube. So I think the secrecy is kind of understandable, but also there is an element of hype about it that makes it… the more secretive it is, the more special it is. And certainly Game of Thrones plays that. They misinform the crowd and they give them tidbits to send them in wrong directions. So, for example, last season, I believe that the first few episodes were stolen and downloaded online, and everybody got to see them before the show actually aired, and everybody was furious at HBO and whatnot. I don't know if you remember. I am almost positive that those four episodes were leaked by HBO themselves. So there is an enormous amount of spin going on. I can't tell you that for sure; that's just my opinion, but it's games; everybody's playing these games.
Could contracting an actor for four episodes when you intend to kill them off in one be an effort to send fans in the “wrong direction?” It's worth noting that HBO has leaked its own content in the past, though, in that case it was likely entirely by accident. HBO declined to comment on Siddig's remarks. And, as Siddig said, the notion that HBO leaked its own screeners in order to drum up excitement is just the opinion of one man who may or may not have an enormous, jewel-encrusted axe to grind.
But while they may have lost the Game of Thrones, Sidding says he's won the more important game—that of notoriety. Actors who aren't leads shouldn't want to stay on Thrones, they explain, “your schedule gets kind of messed up. You don't earn as much as you would if you were doing another show, because they're Game of Thrones, and they don't have to pay anyone. So it's kind of a blessing in disguise.” Now Siddig is free to do whatever they want and gets their profile boosted by their brief stint in southern Westeros. “Being on it at all sticks, and everyone goes, ‘Oh, the guy from Game of Thrones!' It doesn't really matter that you weren't on it very long,” they conclude. Thankfully, HBO gave them a memorable send-off.
Week 22 of my personal challenge involved Wednesday, December 26 through Tuesday, January 1. My goal is to walk 2,019 miles before the end of July 2019. After hiking for five months, I am finally in the right year. During the first five months, I am just shy of 1,000 miles (988.96 to be exact). I was secretly hoping to reach the 1K mark before the new year, but I didn't quite make it.
Week 22 was a good week – it was not my best week, but I managed to log in 50.17 miles. Any time I surpass the minimum mileage needed each week (38.83) I feel good about the results. So this week I was able to hike the minimum plus 11.34 miles. The weather was conducive to walking with only one hike requiring rain gear. No snow yet but I know it's coming.
Rocky and I got one nice hike in the woods. The day after Christmas we hop in the car, traveled to the Germantown MetroPark, and enjoyed a 7.55-mile experience on the paths of one of our favorite parks in the Dayton area. It was more than a little muddy, but still, the fresh air and the marvelous woods made our time together extra special.
During the week I took the opportunity to listen to four books while hiking the pavement of the neighborhood: There, There by Tommy Orange; The Spellman Files by Lisa Lutz; The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie by Alan Bradley; and Lincoln's Last Trial by Dan Abrams. The first three are novels and the last one is a work of non-fiction. The language and some of the content of There, There eliminated it from my recommendations. Both Spellman and Sweetness were quirky mysteries with pre-teenage girls as the protagonists. I thought Sweetness was the better of the two stories. Lincoln's Last Trial was an interesting read of Abraham Lincoln's experience as a trial lawyer prior to their run for the Presidency. Within the pages recording the details of this true murder trial, I learn a very interesting piece of sports trivia involving intercollegiate athletics. This sport's first intercollegiate game was Amherst College and Williams College in 1859. Amherst won 73-32. What I found amazing – it was a baseball game. Now that's what I call a pitcher's duel.
Rocky and I enjoyed the Christmas season, spending time with the family and relaxing together around the house. Christmas is over and evidence of the end of the holidays appeared around the neighbor. The new year has arrived with all the possibilities of opportunities and the potentials of open doors. During my walk on New Year's Eve, I experienced some rain. It was constant enough to cause the water to run down the sidewalks and down the streets. The rushing water cleaned the pavement, rolled down the street gutters and disappeared into the drainage system. As I walked and watched an end of the year analogy came to mind. Just as the water was cleaning the streets and carrying away the dirt down the drains, so the day was wrapping up the year – all the good and bad of the year was ending. We cannot go back and relive, change, or alter the events of 2018. We can remember and rejoice; or we can remember and make changes; or we can remember and strive to make restitution; or we can remember and celebrate.
A new year has arrived, and the street is clean. The calendar is new. The journal is empty. My hikes this week provided me with a reminder that I can begin to write anew, to record changes in my behavior, to love like never before, to reach out to those who need me, to embrace those I value, to paint a new portrait on a 2019 canvas.
Happy New Year – May 2019 bring countless opportunities to write your story in the lives of those around you. As one of my mentors says, “See a need, meet a need!”
The infamous feud between Jimmy Kimmel and Matt Damon may technically be fake, but that doesn't make it any less entertaining. In the 13 years since its inception, the bit has evolved from an improvised one-liner to a series of elaborate segments, resulting in one of the most popular late night gags ever.
It all began during the third season of Jimmy Kimmel Live! when the host off-handedly ended a discouraging show by apologizing to Damon for bumping them from the episode. After the joke got a laugh from one of their producers, they started doing it every night.
“We had a bad show…The guests were bad, and I was feeling pretty bad about myself at the end of the program,” Kimmel told NPR in 2013. “And I decided to say, for the amusement of one of our producers who was standing next to me…'I want to apologize to Matt Damon. We ran out of time'…And they got a kick out of it, the producer, so I just started doing it every night to amuse him.”
Kimmel went on to explain that there was no particular reason they chose the Bourne actor. “Matt Damon was just the first name that popped into my head. I was trying to think of an A-list star, and somebody we absolutely would not bump if they were on the show…The legs on this bit are unbelievable to me. I mean, people laugh every time I say it…Repeating the same joke every single night, you'd think eventually people would get tired of it, but they don't.”
After this went on for around a year, Damon was invited to appear on a 2006 Live! primetime special for a staged fight with Kimmel. “I knew you were going to f—king do it,” Damon shouted as the credits rolled. “Oh, big funny, big f—king laugh!”
In 2007, Kimmel decided to pay Damon back for their onscreen blowup by enlisting their sidekick Guillermo to oust the actor from their own movie, The Bourne Ultimatum.
The bit really found its legs in 2008 when Kimmel's then-girlfriend, Sarah Silverman, and Damon teamed up to create the viral music video genius that was “I'm F—king Matt Damon.” Silverman appeared on Live! to present the song to Kimmel as a surprise, resulting in a clip that has been watched nearly 20 million times on YouTube.
Kimmel couldn't resist clapping back with a similar video in 2009, starring the special someone in Damon's life, Ben Affleck.
During a 2010 Academy Awards night sketch in which Kimmel was voted out of The Handsome Men's Club by the likes of stars such as Matthew McConaughey, Rob Lowe and even Affleck, it was revealed that Damon was the mastermind behind their eviction.
Finally, in 2013, Damon found a way to get the airtime they felt they deserved—by hijacking Kimmel's hosting gig.
After the takeover episode, Damon was invited to guest on the show with the cast of The Monuments Men. However, when Kimmel eventually got around to asking them a legitimate question, the fire alarm mysteriously went off before they could answer.
The duo eventually attempted to work through their differences in a session of couples counseling in 2015—it was unsuccessful.
So Kimmel was all the more fired up when Affleck snuck Damon onto the Live! stage after the 2016 Oscars.
Damon went undercover to reignite the feud in July, disguising themselves in a mullet and sunglasses to infiltrate a segment in which Kimmel's Aunt Chippy was playing blackjack to win money for Live!'s studio audience.
Following that incident, the pair returned to couple therapy in a last-ditch attempt to salvage their relationship.
But when Kimmel took offense to comments Damon made about them to Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show, the rivalry raged on.
Damon bounced back quickly, launching an attack ad against Kimmel's vice presidential campaign that the Live! host denounced during an August episode.
They then followed that up with a surprise appearance onstage at the Kimmel-hosted Emmys to taunt their nemesis about their loss to Last Week Tonight's John Oliver in the Outstanding Variety Talk Series category.
After Kimmel expressed their hope for Damon to lose at the 2017 Oscars—which the late night pundit hosted—the actor retaliated once again by disguising themselves as Tom Brady to sneak onto Live! following the New England Patriots' win at Super Bowl LI.
Damon added fuel to the fire by hinting at a potential showdown on Oscar night. “I'll only do something if they start up something,” they told Vanity Fair. If they start any trouble, I'll have to fight back to defend myself!”
Of course, Kimmel didn't wait too long before they posted a photo of themselves defacing the actor's seat card leading up to the awards show. “Best Picture Vominee Matt Damon,” they captioned the shot.
Things got rolling early on Oscars night, with Kimmel aiming their first shot at Damon's recent choice in roles during their opening monologue. “Matt could have starred in Manchester by the Sea…He could have taken that lead actor part for himself, but they didn't. They gave that role to Casey Affleck, their childhood friend,” Kimmel jokingly praised. “He handed what turned out to be an Oscar-caliber role over to their friend and made a Chinese ponytail movie instead. And that movie, The Great Wall, went on to lose $80 million.”
Damon responded to the affront by attempting to trip Kimmel as they walked through the audience.
Then, as a lead-up to Damon presenting the award for Best Original Screenplay alongside Ben Affleck, Kimmel aired a pre-taped tribute in which they reminisced about the first time they saw the actor's 2011 flick We Bought a Zoo—in a completely empty theater. “The thing about Matt is that you can see how hard he's working, it's so effortful for him,” they mused.
And the abuse didn't stop once Damon took the stage, with Kimmel having the announcer introduce them as “Guest” before directing the orchestra to play them off every time they tried to speak.
The night following the ceremony, Kimmel took to their own show to reveal they had intended to close the night with a final bit that involved them sitting in the audience next to Damon (a loser, according to Kimmel). However, their plan was derailed when they had to take the stage to help clear up that whole Best Picture mix-up.
They then made up for the missed Oscars opportunity by forcibly bumping Damon from a voiceover gig in a (fake) United Airlines commercial that spoofed the airline's overbooking crisis. “In some cases, some people deserve to get bumped,” Kimmel joked.
However, after Kimmel's newborn son — William “Billy” Kimmel — underwent open-heart surgery at just three days old, the feud was put on pause for the first time since it began. “Every one of my friends was there 100%,” Kimmel said while telling the emotional story on Live! “We had atheists praying for us, okay? We had people who do not believe in God praying for [our son]. And I hate to even say it, but even that son-of-a-b-tch Matt Damon sent flowers.”
Unfortunately, the peace didn't last for long. When Chris Hemsworth appeared on Live! to promote Thor: Ragnarok, they revealed that they had brought their co-star Mark Ruffalo and director Taika Waititi with him. But when Kimmel sent a camera backstage to chat with them, they found Damon lying in wait. “It's the mighty Thor not the mighty bore, so maybe take a walk,” Kimmel told him.
Damon then crashed George Clooney's interview on Live! for a mock debut of the actor's twins with wife Amal Clooney. “I just want to make something very clear right now: they're cheering for the babies, not this person,” Kimmel said as Damon walked onstage.
Damon may have only shown up in a montage dedicated to movies about the military at the 90th Academy Awards, but Kimmel still had jokes: “On the behalf of the Academy, I want to apologize to our great U.S. military men and women here and overseas for including Matt Damon in that montage. You deserve better than that. You really do.”
Kimmel then went after Damon for their portrayal of Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh on the 44th season premiere of Saturday Night Live. “Kavanaugh's testimony rubbed a lot of people the wrong way. In fact, they were so unlikeable that Saturday Night Live had no choice but to cast the most repugnant actor in the world to play them over the weekend,” Kimmel said. “What a surprise that Matt Damon would have no other plans on a Saturday.”
The most recent retaliation came from Kimmel, who celebrated Damon's 48th birthday by wishing them a happy 60th. “The big 6-0. I have to admit they look pretty good for 60,” Kimmel said. “This year for their birthday, Matt wished for the same thing they wish for every year: talent.”
Although it seemed like Kimmel and Damon managed to bury the hatchet while watching Game 5 of the 2018 World Series — the two were spotted together at Dodger Stadium in red and blue versions of the same “I'm with stupid” t-shirt — Kimmel had a different take on the matter. “Let me tell you something,” they said on Live! the following night. “There's nothing worse than paying a lot of money for tickets and having to sit next to an obnoxious jerk the whole game. And that is the last time I ever use Groupon again.”
But while their fans got a kick out of the shirts, Ben Affleck — who joined Kimmel and Damon at the World Series — wasn't too fond of the stunt. During a February appearance on Live!, Affleck shared a widely-circulated photo of the trio sitting together in such a way that both Kimmel and Damon's “I'm with stupid” arrows were pointed at him. “Two guys got to go with stupid to the World Series,” they quipped. “Which I appreciate.”
“Well, maybe next time don't bring him,” Kimmel retorted in regard to Damon. “He ruins everything.”
Write to Megan McCluskey at megan.mccluskey@time.com.
Bee Deaths May Have Reached A Crisis Point For Crops
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gosia Wozniacka/AP Gosia Wozniacka/AP
According to a new survey of America's beekeepers, almost a third of the country's honeybee colonies did not make it through the winter.
That's been the case, in fact, almost every year since the U.S. Department of Agriculture began this annual survey, six years ago.
Over the past six years, on average, 30 percent of all the honeybee colonies in the U.S. died off over the winter. The worst year was five years ago. Last year was the best: Just 22 percent of the colonies died.
"Last year gave us some hope," says Jeffrey Pettis, research leader of the Agriculture Department's Bee Research Laboratory in Beltsville, Md.
But this year, the death rate was up again: 31 percent.
Six years ago, beekeepers were talking a lot about "colony collapse disorder" — colonies that seemed pretty healthy, but suddenly collapsed. The bees appeared to have flown away, abandoning their hives.
Beekeepers aren't seeing that so much anymore, Pettis says. They're mostly seeing colonies that just dwindle. As the crowd of bees gets smaller, it gets weaker.
"They can't generate heat very well in the spring to rear brood. They can't generate heat to fly," they say.
Farmers who grow crops like almonds, blueberries and apples rely on commercial beekeepers to make sure their crops get pollinated.
But the number of honeybees has now dwindled to the point where there may not be enough to pollinate those crops.
Petti says that this year, farmers came closer than ever to a true pollination crisis. The only thing that saved part of the almond crop in California was some lovely weather at pollination time.
"We got incredibly good flight weather," Pettis says. "So even those small colonies that can't fly very well in cool weather, they were able to fly because of good weather."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pat Wellenbach/AP Pat Wellenbach/AP
Petti says beekeepers can afford to lose only about 15 percent of their colonies each year. More than that, and the business won't be viable for long. Some commercial beekeepers are still in business, they say, just because they love it.
"It's just something that gets in your blood, so you don't want to give up. [You say,] 'OK, it's 30 percent this year; I'll do better next year.' We're very many optimists," they say.
Beekeepers have a whole list of reasons for why so many colonies are dying. There's a nasty parasite called the Varroa Mite, which they can't get rid of. There are also bee-killing pesticides. And there are just fewer places in the country where a bee can find plenty of flowering plants that provide nectar and pollen.
That was especially true this past year. The same drought that left Midwestern corn fields parched and wilting also dried up wildflowers and starved the bees.
That was a natural disaster. But May Berenbaum, who chairs the Department of Entomology at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, says that most of the changes in the landscape are the result of people's decisions about what to do with their land.
"I just wish there were more incentives for people — not just farmers — to plant a more diversified landscape that provides nutritional resources for all kinds of pollinators," they say. "Plant more flowers! And be a little more tolerant of the weeds in the garden."
More controversial is the role of pesticides. Some beekeepers and environmentalists are calling for tighter restrictions on the use of one particular class of pesticides called neonicotinoids. Europe is about to ban some uses of these pesticides. But U.S. farmers and pesticide companies are opposed to any such move here, and the Environmental Protection Agency says it's not yet convinced that this would help bees very much.
Ahead of Saturday's Warner Bros. TV/DC Entertainment extravaganza at Comic-Con, Fox is making a big splash with a new Gotham campaign.
The network is asking fans to create their own Gotham poster and/or trailer with the grand-prize winners earning a trip to the New York City premiere party of the Batman prequel series, The Hollywood Reporter has learned.
PHOTOS The Scene at Comic-Con 2014
The poster contest tasks fans to design a one-sheet utilizing specific assets, such as graphics, fonts, images and title cards provided by Fox.
The trailer contest calls on fans to recreate a scene from the new 60-second trailer for the show, which THR debuts below, in whatever fashion they see fit. Fox will then edit together the best submitted scenes and images into a full-length trailer that will debut online for a scene-by-scene recreation of the original. (Submissions for the trailer are only available via desktops, laptops and tablets.)
Both contests end at 11:59 p.m. PT on Aug. 20, with the winners announced Aug. 27. The winner of the poster contest also receives a printed version of their winning key art signed by the cast. For the full rules and assets, go to fox.com/gothamcontest.
This is just another move by Fox to capitalize on Gotham, which already has a huge presence at San Diego's Comic-Con. Fox has unleashed a blanket marketing campaign, which includes a popular harbor-front zip line, a Gotham PD Uber service, Gotham Chronicle newspapers, the GothamChronicles.com town website and branded trolleys and cabs.
Gotham will hold its first premiere screening Saturday evening in Hall H. Gotham premieres on Sept. 22 at 8 p.m. on Fox.
Email: Philiana.Ng@THR.com
Twitter: @insidethetube
How I assemble a big ass link building list
Basic rule of SEO link building is "match and exceed". Eli told me so. Once we're 100% sure we want to dominate SEPRs in a certain niche, one of our to-do items would be to gather a big list of websites who already link to our competitors. To match and exceed their link mass. Boom.
Today we will look at the process I use to gather a big list of websites that could potentially link back to a website of a certain niche.
The list could then be used to approach editors of those websites. We can offer content contributions to score an authorship credit, which hopefully links back to our website or a social profile. There are other ways to get backlinks though, but this one is really a win-win, IF you are offering great piece of content that fits the target audience.
I will reserve listing other ways you can potentially get link juice in another post. Right now, let's get back to assembling a huge link building list.
Best way to demonstrate the approach is by example. So what we will do is gather a list of competitors for a Bitcoin wallet & ATM card service. When choosing competitors, pick the ones that rank well and closely resemble your product / service (you may already know most of those if you're in business for some time).
Note: I will be using paid version of Market Samurai for the process. This software takes its SEO competition and backlink data from Majestic SEO, which could also be used but is a subscription service.
Finding competing websites with good link authority
First - if you were working on your project for a while you may already know most of your direct competitors that get good organic positions. You can just use them.
If you want an extensive list, get your keywords handy and open Market Samurai tabs for each necessary keyword. One at a time. I will focus on just 2 keywords. "Bitcoin credit card" and "Bitcoin ATM card".
Go to "SEO COMPETITION" tab in Market Samurai for the first keyword, and click "Generate Results", then do the same for other keywords.
Now let's check out what websites in the results have the best Citation Flow (CF) and Trust Flow (TF) parameters and offer similar product to the one we will be building links for.
Citation Flow and Trust Flow are metrics Mejestic came up with to measure backlink authority.
From this list, the best candidates are #2, #3, #4, #8, #9 and #10. Other aren't services we are competing with, they are publications, magazines or wikis.
Let's note those and move on to the competing services we will find using our next keyword and so on.
Note: you can easily find competitors using Majestic, SEMrush or any other similar service. I am using Market Samurai just for convenience.
Export backlinks of competitors
Let's make our first pick to start assembling the link building list. Click caret to the right of the URL. Then click "Citation Flow Analysis" in the expanded menu.
You will get list of backlinks to the website which is sorted based on the influence it has on the rankings of our competitor. The more authority the link passes to the domain, higher it will be on the list.
It's worth noting that if website backlink is situated in a sidebar or other element that appear cross-website, a single domain may appear multiple times in the results:
We will ignore this for now. Next steps are to export all those pages that link to a competing website. Click "Export Anchor Text Data" button in the bottom-right of the current window:
Save the file as a .csv with the same name as a competitor, for convenience.
Repeat this until you have export files for multiple competing websites. For my example, just 2 will be enough. But you should aim at getting each one with great authority and similar service.
Creating the link building list
Now that we have our .csv files with all the juicy backlinks that point to our competitors, time to merge them into one big ass list.
Let's use Google Sheets. Create an empty spreadsheet file.
It's time we import all our exported backlinks. Go to "File > Import..."
Use Upload tab and upload your first .csv file.
Important: use "Append rows to current sheet" and click "Import":
Your file will be imported:
Repeat the process again for each file, until you end up with a big ass link building list.
Note that you may end up with a header row between each file, but it's not a problem right now:
You can avoid this by deleting header rows from all the .csv files that you import (but the first one).
Removing junk from the list.
One thing that we need to do is get rid of all the duplicate domains. To do that we first need to end up with root domain URLs instead of page urls. This Moz article shows a good way to do it.
We will add a "Root URL" column C in the file, and place this formula and expand it to all other cells in column:
=LEFT(B2,SEARCH("/",B2,9))
Result:
Now that we added root domains to our file, we need to remove duplicate entries. Here is a video that explains a way to do that.
What I suggest is:
Move "Root URL" column closer to "Citation Flow":
2. Add a few columns next to them and use "=UNIQUE()" formula to remove duplicates:
3. Copy newly created "=UNIQUE()" columns and paste it as values:
4. Remove all columns but the unique ones (if you didn't do 3rd step, your "unique" columns will disappear.)
5. Fix & style file header :)
We're done. Keep in mind that there may still be some duplicates left in your list. For example www/non-www versions of the domains or http/https, but you can simply remove them as you move along.
What's next?
Now, this list represents all the websites that you need to get a backlink from. Good news is that if a website is on this list, for whatever reason they are already linking to your competitors' website, so you can achieve this too.
Bad news is that it's a lot of work. But if you do everything right, your product will dominate search engine result pages. How can it not when your link mass closely matches the trust and authority of all your competitors.
A lot of work
For next steps, the workflow may be different for everybody from this point on, but here are a few tips:
Sort the list by "Citation Flow". The higher is this value, the more valuable is the link from this website. Do whatever it takes to persuade them to get a backlink. They don't answer email? Get whois data on the domain and try to call them. Treat the process like salespeople do. Get into relationship with them if possible. When sending a cold email, do research in advance, point out in the email that you are familiar with their website and read it from time to time. Bonus points if you actually do this. Track status. I add conditional formatting for cells depending on the status. Record contacts and the content that you published. You may need it later on. When pitching your content, show samples which are already published on high authority websites. You have to "sell" yourself to publishers. Is their audience interested in reading your content? Will you share it via social channels? Did your content perform better than average on the websites where you published? The answer should be "yes" to those questions and your prospects should know it. Be respectable if people deny working with your or don't reply. Keep an eye on published articles. Engage with people that comment on it. Revisit the list. Send another email to people that didn't reply. Send emails catching up with those that did. Offer more content or possibilities of other collaborations. Treat the list like a CRM. You're selling your content. Website pay you by publishing your content. Sell them good product and they will buy again. Note that there are paid (and maybe free) tools that help you to streamline this process, for example BuzzStream. I like to approach it via a big ass spreadsheet list because it can be done in bulk and gives you more freedom.
That's about it. Let me know if you have any questions.
This article is over 8 years old
Coastguard service says South Koreans were construction workers killed when North Korea fired on island
Police have found the burnt bodies of two South Korean civilians on an island that North Korea bombarded with artillery yesterday.
"Two people aged in their 60s were found dead allegedly as a result of yesterday's shelling," said a police spokesperson in the nearby port of Incheon.
The South Korean coastguard service said the two men were construction workers. Two soldiers died in the attack and several people were injured, including civilians.
The announcement came as the US sought to increase pressure on North Korea while ensuring the conflict did not spiral.
Barack Obama has pledged to hold joint military exercises with South Korea later this week.
The president reiterated in a telephone call to their counterpart, Lee Myung-bak, that the US would stand shoulder-to-shoulder with its ally.
In a television interview earlier Obama cited the need for China's support and pressed for a strong response
"We strongly condemn the attack and we are rallying the international community to put pressure on North Korea," they told ABC, adding that every country in the region must know "this is a serious and ongoing threat".
Stephen Bosworth, the US special envoy to North Korea, called during a visit to Beijing on all members of the international community to condemn North Korea's acts and to make clear that they expect it "to cease all provocations and implement its denuclearisation commitments".
The Japanese prime minister, Naoto Kan, urged China, North Korea's main ally, to help restrain its neighbour.
Despite Beijing's frequent frustration with Pyongyang, it is concerned about instability in the North and the prospect of a unified Korea dominated by the US. A foreign ministry spokesperson yesterday urged both sides to "do more to contribute to peace and stability in the region".
The UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon, called yesterday's attack on Yeonpyeong island, 75 miles west of Seoul, one of the gravest incidents since the end of the Korean war in 1953.
International concern was already running high after reports that North Korea has developed a new uranium enrichment facility which would give it a source of material for nuclear bombs. Many analysts believe that the attack was intended to grab US attention and skew the ground for negotiations over denuclearisation in favour of Pyongyang.
North Korea said the South had ignored repeated warnings not to hold military exercises in the area and began the firing. South Korea was holding live-fire drills yesterday but said it was not firing towards the North.
Media in Seoul reported that the US had been due to take part in the training but had postponed involvement, citing scheduling conflicts.
The White House has now said the USS George Washington carrier strike group will join South Korean naval forces in the western sea from Sunday.
The two countries have held several joint drills in the area. North Korea protests strongly against such exercises, but they have been uneventful in the past.
While Obama said they were outraged, and Lee warned of "stern retaliation", the US and South Korea were both careful to avoid immediate threats of retaliation which might escalate the conflict. The US has not repositioned its 29,000 troops in the South.
The US-led United Nations command said it had asked North Korea for high-level military talks "to de-escalate the situation".
General Walter Sharp, who leads the UN command and US forces in South Korea, warned that the North's actions were "threatening the peace and stability of the entire region".
Lin Chong-pin, strategic studies professor at Tamkang University in Taipei, said: "It's Mr Kim's old game to get some attention and some economic goodies … I think Washington and Beijing will co-operate on this. It's Japan that's nervous."
Others believe the attack may have been intended to consolidate the position of North Korea's newly anointed heir apparent, Kim Jong-un.
South Korea sent two ships carrying 2,000 boxes of relief supplies to Yeonpyeong today, a coastguard official, Kim Dong-jin, said. Several of the island's 1,600 civilian inhabitants fled yesterday, and Kim said another 340 would arrive in the port of Incheon on a coastguard ship this afternoon.
Images released by the local government showed people huddled in emergency shelters and rows of destroyed houses with collapsed walls, blown out windows and charred roofs.
The South Korean defence minister, Kim Tae-young, said the military would dispatch reinforcements to five islands near the disputed maritime border.
The unification ministry in Seoul also said it was suspending aid shipments to North Korea of cement and medicine worth 580m won (£320,000) and had ordered civic groups not to deliver another aid package worth 2.7bn won (£1.5m).
The 30-hour Amazon Deals Fest just got concrete. Amazon has released the long-awaited Prime Day 2017 deals list featuring dozens of high-profile deals. The list of Prime Day 2017 deals is dominated by savings on Amazon devices and on TVs. A deal that jumps right out is the 50% discount on the Amazon Echo, driving the price down from $179.99 to $89.99.
Update: Prime Day 2017 is released on amazon.com. Find all live Prime Day 2017 deals including $89.99 Echo.
The Prime Day 2017 TV deals start as low as $99.99 for a 32-inch TCL TV and the cheapest smart TV sells for $119.99. Amazon will also have two Prime Day deals on two mid-range TVs. There will be a $599.99 55" premium brand 4K smart LED TV and the new 55" Element 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV - Amazon Fire TV Edition will be on sale for $399.99, saving $150. TCL Smart TVs will be 25% off. Find all details about the Amazon Prime Day 2017 TV deals, including how to get these popular deals.
We have analyzed the released Prime Day 2017 deals and picked our favorite deals that are must have. Not all Prime Day deals will be available right at the beginning at 9pm ET. Amazon stated that the announced deals go live during the 30-hour time period. To get notified when a major Prime Day 2017 deals is going on sale, check out our Prime Day 2017 Deals Tracker. You can use the web version or download the app, which sends you smartphone notification when a deal drops.
Best Amazon Prime Day 2017 Deals
Save 50% on Amazon Echo, only $89.99
$74.99 Game of Thrones Season 1-6 Blu-ray
$229 Sony PS4 Slim Uncharted Bundle plus The Last of Us and More
$239 Xbox One S Controller and Games Bundle
Fire 7, the best-selling tablet, only $29.99
Save $15 on Echo Dot, only $34.99
Save $40 on Fire HD 8 Kids Edition, only $89.99
Save $30 on Kindle Paperwhite, only $89.99
$99.99 for a 32-inch TCL TV
$119.99 28" TCL 28S305 720p Roku Smart LED TV
$199.99 40" TCL 40D100 1080p TV
$399.99 55" Element 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV - Amazon Fire TV Edition
Save $50 on August Smart Lock
Save big on Sony XB950B1 Extra Bass Wireless Headphones
Save big on Game of Thrones: The Complete Seasons 1-6 + Digital HD [Blu-ray]
Amazon kept severa announced deals vague. Either there is no sales price or the deal is across a whole product category. There will be many Prime Day deals we find out during the 30 hour Prime Day sales period. Explore the following deals on amazon.com and on the Prime Day page.
Save up to 50% on select video games, consoles and accessories
Save up to 40% on PC gaming laptops, desktops and accessories
Save up to 40% on Radio Flyer, Crayola, K'NEX and more toys
Save 40-50% on Prime Exclusive clothing, handbags and more
Save 30% on select clothing, shoes and more for men, women, kids and baby
Save 25% or more on AmazonBasics
The Amazon Prime Day 2017 page is ready for Prime Day 2017, kicking off at 6pm Pacific. Alexa Prime Day 2017 deals are already available two hours earlier at 4pm Pacific. To get access to Prime Day deals, shoppers need to have a Prime membership. Amazon offers a 30-Day free trial. Now is the time to sign up to leverage the Amazon Prime Day 2017 sale. Amazon has launched the Prime Day 2017-page hosting all available Prime Day 2017 deals.
Read all the announced Prime Day 2017 details and find out everything you need to know about Prime Day 2017. Additionally you can find the latest Prime Day 2017 deals and news in our Prime Day section.
The image shown is believed to give a reasonable impression of how the 2014-15 season Liverpool Third shirt by Warrior will look.
Rendered by "Steevo" - @steevo_15 on Twitter and a regular uploader to our sister website, DesignFootball.com - and based on information and mockups published by several sources, including Twitter users @nocturnalvin and @Ciaran_CP, and Liverpool fansite redandwhitekop.com (RAWK) member Fumler, the shirt is believed to feature black and grey horizontal stripes with a red segment with a red collar. The Standard Chartered sponsor and Warrior logo are in white and the crest remains yellow/gold.
Creative Football T-Shirts at Footytees.com - Featuring prints by a range of talented artists
The information is subject to further leaks and some features may differ slightly - such as the breadth of the collar and angle of the red striped section lower down - but this image is believed to be relatively accurate. News on the shorts and socks should be forthcoming in due course.
There has been a flood of news about hacker break-ins at companies. But how bad is the situation really?
Significantly worse than the headlines suggest, and getting worse still, a new study from the research firm Ponemon Institute suggests. The study says breaches are rampant and occurring much more often than is publicized.
The firm's survey of 581 security professionals at large companies in the United States, Britain, France and Germany found that 90 percent of them had at least one breach in the last year and 59 percent had two or more. And the costs are mounting; 41 percent of break-ins cost more than half a million dollars.
Study participants broadly agreed that cyberattacks were getting more frequent, more severe, and harder to detect and stop.
Indeed, hackers are increasingly staging targeted attacks aimed at stealing something specific, said Larry Ponemon, founder of the institute. They study the target, find an opening and then quietly get in and out. Most are mercenaries, members of criminal syndicates or representatives of unfriendly countries, they said, and their attacks “are much more stealthy and much more difficult to identify.”
About 60 percent of respondents said they were able to identify the source of at least some of the attacks suffered by their organizations. They traced 34 percent of them to China and 19 percent to the Russian Federation.
Both countries are known hotbeds of hacking for profit and economic advantage. “China is prolific and noisy,” said the former National Security Agency director Mike McConnell, speaking at an event at the 92nd Street Y in New York last week. “They are literally taking terabytes of data” and focusing on virtually every sector of the economy. Russian hackers are considered especially skilled and known for taking things undetected, they said.
Nearly half of the breached companies surveyed by Ponemon suffered a damaging loss of data, which “speaks volumes about the mindset of the attacker community,” said Karim Toubba, vice president of security strategy at Juniper, which sponsored the survey. The large majority are in it for financial gain and don't talk about what they do — unlike LulzSec and Anonymous, who are hacking for fun and politics and have been loudly bragging about their activities.
Victimized companies overwhelmingly prefer to keep quiet, too. When they do talk, it's usually after a loss of consumer information, which is subject to laws requiring disclosure. But most of what is being stolen is corporate information that doesn't have to be disclosed, Mr. Ponemon said, whether it is intellectual property like design documents or financial information. There's certainly little reason to talk when, as the Sony case has shown, news of your vulnerability might make hackers hit you harder, customers lose confidence in you and your stock price drop.
As attackers step up their games, defenders are struggling to cope. Security professionals are pessimistic about their ability to prevent hacks; 57 percent said they had little or no confidence in their organizations' ability to prevent a breach. They're coming to believe that “maybe the bad guys are getting so good — or so bad — that maybe it is impossible to meet the security needs of the organization,” Mr. Ponemon said.
Respondents are also concerned about insufficient security budgets and say the complexity of modern networks is a major challenge. Corporate networks are growing more unruly and harder to control as employees use more mobile devices like smartphones and tablets, adopt cloud services and log onto social networks, all of which carry security threats. Meanwhile, I.T. departments must manage a growing array of specialized security technologies that may or may not work together to help security departments detect and halt attacks.
“When you put all of this into one big stew, it's not very tasty,” Mr. Ponemon said.
The year 2017 will be remembered for many reasons in rugby league land – but none may be as good for the soul as the re-emergence of Papua New Guinea.
Both at a local level with their premiership triumph in Queensland's Intrust Super Cup competition and the stunning scenes witnessed at Port Moresby's Oil Search National Football Stadium last Saturday, the Hunters and Kumuls combined have provided some of the feel good stories of 2017.
In their past two World Cup appearances the Kumuls scored a combined 46 points and lost all six games that they played; last Saturday they defeated Wales 50-6 and must now face the gritty Irish team in what will be the defining match of Pool C.
Only one team will emerge from Pool C to advance to the quarter-finals where they will likely face England in Melbourne and a win over Ireland this Sunday would almost certainly ensure that team is PNG.
Prior to the tournament, starting Kumuls captain David Mead was optimistic about their side's chances of progressing even further through the knockout stages should they win their three pool games in Port Moresby and Saturday's strong win over the Welsh will only have added to that belief.
Only six players who disposed of Wales last weekend are currently aligned with NRL clubs and two of those are yet to make their first grade debuts.
Mead, Nene Macdonald, Kurt Baptiste and James Segeyaro are the only members of the squad to have played NRL this year; but with a strong representation of Hunters players within the Kumuls, Mead has no doubt there are more who could handle the step up in class.
“I've got no doubt that there at least a dozen players in that Hunters team who are capable of playing NRL,” Mead told NRL.com.
“Moses [Meninga] was great for the Hunters. The other guy I'm pretty excited for is Nixon Putt.
“There are a couple of guys who played really well for the Hunters – Enock Maki is another – so I'm looking forward to seeing those guys run out and run hard and put some big hits on and play smart as well.”
Ever protective of their players, Hunters and Kumuls coach Michael Marum told NRL.com that they will wait until after the World Cup before exploring potential NRL opportunities with their players, but there may not be the rush on recruits as could be expected.
Transitioning from a life in PNG into a full-time NRL system at one of Australia's largest cities can be a daunting proposition and clubs who do recruit players from PNG need to show great patience before they get their pay-off.
Kato Ottio has had an injury-disrupted two-year stint at Canberra without breaking into the NRL team, while Storm officials are confident that Justin Olam – whom they signed after only a half-dozen Intrust Super Cup games for the Hunters – will push for an NRL berth in 2018 after a year of major adjustment to life in Melbourne this year.
The professional nature of the Hunters system has increased the willingness of NRL clubs to at least explore further the chance to bring PNG players into the NRL and a strong World Cup campaign can only help the cause of Kumuls players who harbour NRL dreams.
These are the five players we think clubs should be looking at right now.
Ase Boas
Premiership-winning captain of the Hunters, Courier-Mail Medallist as the Intrust Super Cup's best and fairest and Duncan Hall Medal winner for best player in the grand final; Boas's 2017 season speaks for itself. Possessing the much-admired traits of a half of skill and poise, Boas captained their country in the mid-year Test against the Cook Islands and boasts a tremendous right boot both in general play and kicking for goal. When the grand final was on the line, Michael Marum's instructions were simple; give it to Ase. They grubber-kicked into the in-goal with a minute to go for Willie Minoga to score the try that changed the Intrust Super Cup forever. Who wouldn't want a player of that class on their books?
Moses Meninga
A teacher by day, Meninga dished out some lessons in rugby league in their maiden season with the Hunters in 2017 that allowed them to force their way into the national team for the World Cup. A towering presence in the middle of the field, Meninga is a destructive runner of the ball and a powerful hitter in defence, an impact that would only increase if they were able to add to their impressive frame at an NRL club.
Wartovo Puara
A crafty dummy-half whose only loss in four Tests for the Kumuls was in their 2015 debut against Fiji. They were masterful in PNG's upset win over the Bati a year later and scored a try in the Test against the Cook Islands earlier this year. Such has been their influence on the Hunters and Kumuls over the past three years, coach Marum left two recognised NRL hookers on the bench for the World Cup opener against Wales.
Enock Maki
A Mount Hagen native who spent some of their junior football with the Newtown Jets, Maki played two games of the 2013 World Cup as a 24-year-old and is a barrel-chested front-rower who takes a power of stopping. They came off the bench against Wales and rolled forward for 138m from just 13 carries in 41 minutes on the field.
Wellington Albert
Along with younger brother Stanton, Wellington Albert spent three years with the Penrith Panthers before returning to PNG to play for the Hunters for the first time this season. At 194cm and 110kg, Wellington has the physical stature to match it with any prop in the NRL and their experience with the Panthers helped them quickly became a leader with the Hunters. Amassed 148m from just 12 carries against Wales along with scoring a try.
*This first appeared on NRL.com
So while we're on the subject, how good of a baserunner is Bryce Harper, anyway?
Pretty darned good, according to the metrics.
Harper leads the Nationals in extra-base taken rate at 57.1 percent and is tied for 16th in the majors, minimum 400 plate appearances, according to baseball-reference.com and research by MLB Network's Marc Adelberg.
Article continues below ...
In other words, any talk about Harper's lack of hustle is misplaced; no player on their team takes extra bases at a higher rate.
Xander Bogaerts ranks first in the majors at 70.2 percent, followed by Lorenzo Cain (67.7), Elvis Andrus (67.3), Colby Rasmus (66.7) and Mike Trout (65.2).
That said, if I were Harper, I would be more conscious of running harder on apparent outs, if only to prevent such talk from diverting attention from my historic offensive performance at age 22.
Rangers manager Jeff Banister has a fascinating view of baserunning – they say it is the only part of the game that a player can “give back” to their teammates.”
Beat out a ball, and your teammate will bat with a man on base. Advance to second on a ball in the dirt, and your teammate will hit with a man in scoring position. Go first to third with less than two outs, and your teammate gets a chance to gain an RBI.
The thing about Harper is that, according to the metrics, they essentially do all of those things better than their teammates.
If only we were talking about that today.
A report from Harvard's Program on Education Policy and Governance and the journal Education Next finds that only 6% of U.S. students in the high school graduating class of 2009 achieved at an advanced level in mathematics compared with 28% of Taiwanese students and more than 20% of students in Hong Kong, Korea, and Finland. Overall, the United States ranked behind most of its industrialized competitors. The report compares the mathematics performance of high achievers not only across countries but also across the 50 U.S. states and 10 urban districts. Most states and cities ranked closer to developing countries than to developed countries. However, the study has three noteworthy limitations: (a) internationally, students were sampled by age and not by grade, and countries varied greatly on the proportion of the student cohort included in the compared grades; in fact, only about 70% of the U.S. sample would have been in the graduating class of 2009, which makes the comparisons unreliable; (b) the misleading practice of reporting rankings of groups of high-achieving students hides the clustering of scores, inaccurately exaggerates small differences, and increases the possibility of error in measuring differences; and (c) the different tests used in the study measured different domains of mathematics proficiency, and the international measure was limited because of relatively few test items. The study's deceptive comparison of high achievers on one test with high achievers on another says nothing useful about the class of 2009 and offers essentially no assistance to U.S. educators seeking to improve students' performance in mathematics.
Suggested Citation: Kilpatrick, J. (2011). Review of “U.S. Math Performance in Global Perspective: How Well Does Each State Do at Producing High-Achieving Students?” Boulder, CO: National Education Policy Center. Retrieved [date] from http://nepc.colorado.edu/thinktank/review-us-math
Update: Paul Peterson, one of the report's authors, has posted a response to the review. The response can be found at: http://educationnext.org/no-matter-how-hard-you-try-you-cannot-deny-u-s…
Please also download and read Jeremy Kilpatrick's reply to that response, which is posted at the bottom of this page.
Posted: March 5, 2014 by Armando Orozco
Last updated: March 31, 2016
A common theme when it comes to installing apps on Android is to stick to trusted and reputable sources.
Well, it seems that we might have to use that advice with device purchases. PCWorld reports that MDM firm Marble Security discovered malware on newly purchased devices belonging to a potential customer.
The malware was discovered in a fake Netflix app that was pre-installed on the devices, according to Marble Security.
The malware was capable of stealing passwords and credit card info. The data collected was then sent to Russian networks.
There is no further information about the malware at this time, I wonder if it was installed at system level or user level.
If it's a system app then the removal process is difficult, if user level it could be easily uninstalled. This information could help track at what point it was initially installed.
The devices were from popular manufactures like Samsung, LG and Motorola. There is no mention of whom the supplier was, but it's likely these were refurbished or used devices.
The malware could've been installed at any level of the distribution process, quite possibly unknowingly installed.
Apps that come pre-installed are often blindly trusted, as they probably should be, we often refer to them as bloatware and probably ignore them.
Ignoring makes sense, the logic there is, “If I don't run ,it's not a big deal.” Problem is, often those apps have services that have already been loaded, so the app is already running.
Malicious apps can be hidden anywhere, in our research we often see malware using the same digital certificates as legitimate apps bundled in custom ROMs. Its conceivable malware could make it into one of our favorite ROMs, using the digital cert to help validate itself. Unlikely, but something we have to consider.
This is another of those edge cases none of us will likely encounter, but it's a reminder of how easily malware can be distributed and overlooked.
by Paul Armentano, NORML Deputy Director
A 2010 voter-approved Arizona state law authorizing “the local cultivation, sale, and use, of medical marijuana” is not preempted by the federal Controlled Substances Act, according to the Superior Court of Arizona, Maricopa County.
The ruling, issued earlier this month by Superior Court Judge Michael Gordon, allows for the establishment of state-licensed medicinal cannabis dispensaries within Arizona — the first of which opened its doors last week. State-licensed medical marijuana facilities now operate in several states, including Colorado, New Jersey, New Mexico, and Maine.
A majority of Arizona voters approved the AMMA in 2010. Under the law, qualified patients may possess and, depending on where they reside, cultivate cannabis. The program also mandates the state to license citizens to form not-for-profit dispensaries to grow and dispense cannabis. AMMA requires that each of the state's 126 Community Health Care Analysis Areas permit at least one dispensary operator. Maricopa County's prosecutor sought to block the establishment of local dispensaries by claiming that AMMA was preempted by federal anti-drug laws.
Writing for the Court in White Mountain Health Center, Inc. v. Maricopa County, Judge Gordon declared that nothing in the Arizona Medical Marijuana Act circumvents federal law since Justice Department officials, if they wished to do so, could still continue to locally enforce the Controlled Substances Act. “No one can argue that the federal government's ability to enforce the CSA is impaired to the slightest degree [by Arizona's medical marijuana law],” Gordon opined, adding that the new law “affirmatively provides a roadmap for federal enforcement of the CSA, if they so wished to” since the statute requires patients and proprietors to register their activities with the state.
Judge Gordon further suggested that Arizona's law did not conflict with the federal lawmakers' intentions when they enacted the federal Controlled Substances Act. They declared, “Instead of frustrating the CSA's purpose, it is sensible to argue that the AMMA furthers the CSA's objectives in combating drug abuse and the illegitimate trafficking of controlled substances.”
They concluded: “The Court rejects … arguments that the [law] violates public policy simply because marijuana use and possession violate federal law. Eighteen states and the District of Columbia have passed legislation permitting the use of marijuana in whole or in part. The Court will not rule that Arizona, having sided with the ever-growing minority of States, and having limited it to medical use, has violated public policy.”
Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery is appealing Judge Gordon's ruling.
Arizona regulations regarding patient access and dispensary operations is available from the Arizona Department of Health Services here.
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_2CL4JNyz4]
From “Meet the Press,” 10/19/08, where Powell endorsed Obama.
GEN. POWELL: “But Mr. McCain says that he's a washed up terrorist, but then why do we keep talking about him? And why do we have the robocalls going on around the country trying to suggest that because of this very, very limited relationship that Senator Obama has had with Mr. Ayers, somehow Mr. Obama is tainted. What they're trying to connect them to is some kind of terrorist feelings. And I think that's inappropriate. Now, I understand what politics is all about, I know how you can go after one another and that's good. But I think this goes too far, and I think it has made the McCain campaign look a little narrow. It's not what the American people are looking for.”
Over the past several months there have been a variety of newspaper reports outlining China's increasing investment footprint across Africa. Some of these announced deals and projects include the following:
- In April First Automobile Works (FAW), the Chinese car marker, announced a US$100 million project in South Africa through the China-Africa Development Fund (CADF) for a manufacturing facility for spare parts component.
- In May, the second largest investment deal worth US$877 million was announced between Jinchuan Mining, a Chinese state owned mining company and Wesizwe Platinum Ltd., a junior South African mining company in the platinum industry. The deal would see the Chinese company take a 51 per cent stake in Wesizwe. Jinchuan would purchase the stake in Wesizwe for US$227 million while the CADF would raise the rest of the US$650 million to help finance the Frischgewaagd-Ledig mine near Pretoria. Once the mine is built Jinchuan will be the recipient of the platinum produced.
- In May China International Fund (CIF) agreed to invest US$2.7 billion in a Guinea iron ore project. The project would entail investment in 286km of rail and port for Bellzone's Kalia Iron Project. Bellzone is an Australian company.
- In Niger, the Chinese ambassador announced a multi-billion dollar energy and infrastructure project. Already a Chinese company, Sino-U, is digging China's largest African uranium mine at Azelik. Part of the project would include a 2000 km pipeline to export oil from the landlocked country that would either connect to the West African coast in Benin or Chad where China has vested oil investments. The project will only be decided upon once the country starts producing the crude. China National Petroleum Company (CNPC) is already in the market with a US$5 billion investment for which it paid a US$300 million signature bonus. Niger is also attractive because of its major uranium deposits.
- A US$100 million loan to assist Ethiopia to complete a railway networking system that links Addis Ababa to various regions of the country.
- The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) announced in May that it had signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with China State Construction Engineering Corporation Ltd. to construct three oil refineries (about 250,000 barrels per day capacity each) and a petrochemical plant. The total cost would reportedly be $28.5 billion.
- The China Development Bank (CDB) is to fund construction of a cement factory in Beluluane, in Mozambique's Maputo province, costing US$100 million funded through the CADF.
- Kenya's Equity Bank announced that it had signed a US$50.82 million financing agreement with the China Development Bank for lending to small and medium businesses.
- Women Investment Portfolio Holdings Limited (WIPHOLD), a black women-owned company, and Continental Cement, a South African limestone mining company, signed a major deal with Jidong Development Group, the largest cement producer in Northern China, to build a US$217 million cement plant, which makes it one of China's biggest investments in the country.
- Plans to spend US$1 billion to help build a power plant to boost Zambia's electricity supply by 600 MW.
- Pledged economic aid to Seychelles worth approximately US$6 million for development projects.
- Pledge of US$15.6 million for various development projects, in addition to the US$7.1 million grant signed in January 2010, following a visit by President Kibaki after attending the opening of the Shanghai Exposition.
Clearly the above planned deals and projects confirm that China's economic footprint is not withdrawing anytime soon. While this maybe interpreted as significant in revitalizing Africa's economic growth and leveraging Africa's integration into the global economy, there are of course important inquiries that must be made about whether this creates the necessary conditions for Africa's path to sustainable development and improved livelihoods.
But the most strategic and perhaps critical to the Chinese engagement in Africa are the several industrial development zones that are being set up across Africa. While these zones are being identified as important economic interlockers between the Middle Kingdom and African economies, they also represent an important space for China to move its low-cost manufacturing base offshore.
It is only natural that a country, like China, that has enjoyed such spectacular growth rates and sustained economic prosperity over the last decade should be seeking to move up the global value chain, especially as Chinese labour is becoming a little more expensive domestically. Some may remember that this was what Japan did during its own economic modernisation success. Termed the ‘flying geese model' or, more appropriately, what the Chinese refer to as the ‘going global' strategy, Africa seems to have become the last economic frontier for this shift in the global production chain.
As much as the economic gurus and the markets may dictate that this is part of the way that the global structures of production evolve, it is hard not to ignore the costs associated with this type of economic restructuring and shifting of production spheres.
Most obvious of these is whether the model is sustainable. Not only does it seem that China maybe shifting its low-cost production offshore, but in the process it may also be exporting its environmental costs along with it. So what is the long-term impact on Africa's ecology and environmental sustainability?
Second, as the Chinese firm entrenches itself in the African market, there are of course corresponding questions of skills transfer, economic governances issues and the protection of workers' rights including both African and Chinese labour that will raise new forms of class struggles.
One aspect of this is to be found in the third related point as to whether a new form of African private sector (with business links to Chinese counterparts) is going to emerge whose power, outreach and ambitions may continue to marginalise the interests of Africa's politically and economically indigent through different forms of capitalist class structures and formations.
Fourth, by enabling these special economic zones to become purveyors of cheap goods it would appear that China is giving up its image as a cheaper producer. If so, what implications would the label ‘made in Africa' have on the continent's own global economic integration, how would this impact on the position of African countries in the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and to what extent are these low-cost manufacturing hubs aimed at taking advantage of preferential trade agreements with other regions? Would Africa have to pay the price for undermining the doctrines of trade liberalisation that China was able to overcome because Western investors were willing to ignore protectionist policies in their own backyards so that they could profit out of China's economic modernisation programme? Will it be the same for Africa, or not?
Fifth, how would other Southern actors like India, Brazil and South Africa react to this? Would they see this as challenging their presence in African markets through increased competition or would they want to negotiate a share for themselves? Or would they also want to set up similar zones in Africa? India has already proposed a rural agricultural zone in Ethiopia.
Then, of course, is the issue of political stability and sovereignty in most African countries, which may become further complicated by the security threats that these zones may pose to the livelihoods of ordinary Africans.
So, while there are those who may applaud that these zones are going to rescue Africa's moribund development framework, these zones represent new forms of challenges for social movements and peoples' justice organisations. How they are conceptualised, the impact they have on labour rights, their environmental consequences and social development effects point to the hardening reality that such economic restructuring requires more than just a superficial understanding that China and other actors are going to be panaceas for Africa's development or merely that they represent the next set of neo-imperialists. What is critical to define is where the benefits to Africa's people can be identified and to protect against any infringement of these rights.
BROUGHT TO YOU BY PAMBAZUKA NEWS
* Sanusha Naidu is research director of the Emerging Powers in Africa programme based with Fahamu in South Africa.
* Please send comments to [email protected] or comment online at Pambazuka News.
Those of you who've ever used the MIUI ROM would know how much tweaking is possible on Android and are surely in awe of the ROM. But wait, MIUI just seems to be the beginning of what the crazy developers (and hackers) can do of the Android openness goodie — why, we have our eyes set on the Infobar UI which is a remix of Android+WP7+iOS, with the last OS playing bare minimal role. It's fresh, that's guaranteed. As for the origin, the website claiming it is iida.jp, which naturally lets us believe, it's from Japan – the land of rising sun.
Like it or not, but you gotta give credit to awesome work these guys put in to create an altogether different UI out of… Android!
The Infobar UI is no short of amazing looks and features — heck, it may make you bite your nails even before you are done watching the handsome video of the Infobar UI given below. So, what's the wait for, just hit the play button on the YouTube player below to check out what we may end up lusting for in, maybe, just a couple of months.
[youtube video_id=”0S6NMH4ry-4″ width=”620″ height=”400″ /]
Assuming this Infobar UI thing is really real — which we believe it is — and that some team is burning lots of midnight fuel to bring it to real world soon, we can't avoid but say, we're damn excited for this. It's the first time ever we've seen a ROM that's capable of letting users change the Color of the whole UI (check at 00.19 in the video) — which is of course, incredible.
Other than that, if MIUI got you the best of worlds of iOS and Android, Infobar even throws WP7 into the mix to create a home screen that mimics WP7's while retaining Android's awesome widgets and notification bar. It's quite astonishing that almost all the best stuff of your phone is available to you right on just one home screen, which you can scroll up and down — oh, this is the first timer too.
Sure, you're hoping for it to launch on your phone first of all but you know that Android world, there contenders list of this UI would never end and porting this to each major phone is daunting task. But let's hope it gets available to our handsome devices sooner than it took MIUI, which along with the CM7 and other custom ROMs, now have a huge competition, really huge.
Via XDA
Hulton Archive (2), Getty Images
The Space Race led to increased questions as to whether there was life on other planets. This greater curiosity resulted in people regularly seeing unidentified flying objects. One of the most famous UFO sightings during this period was by John Lennon . who claimed they saw one on Aug. 23, 1974.
Dangerous Minds reprints a conversation they had with Andy Warhol's Interview magazine where Lennon described what happened. "I was lying naked on my bed, when I had this urge," they said. "So I went to the window, just dreaming around in my usual poetic frame of mind. ... There, as I turned my head, hovering over the next building, no more than 100 feet away was this thing with ordinary electric light bulbs flashing on and off round the bottom, one non-blinking red light on top."
Although this was during their " Lost Weekend ," Lennon swore that they were "very straight" at the time. They called out to May Pang, their girlfriend during the period of separation from Yoko Ono , to confirm what they were seeing. "As I walked out onto the terrace," they said, "my eye caught this large, circular object coming towards us. It was shaped like a flattened cone, and on top was a large, brilliant red light, not pulsating as on any of the aircraft we'd see heading for a landing at Newark Airport. ... When it came a little closer, we could make out a row or circle of white lights that ran around the entire rim of the craft - these were also flashing on and off. There were so many of these lights that it was dazzling to the mind."
They took pictures, both with a Polaroid and a regular camera, but they turned up nothing. But they did call the police, who told them that they had received other calls about it.
Lennon stood firm. In the lower left-hand corner of the sleeve of Walls and Bridges , which was released a month later, they wrote, "On the 23rd Aug. 1974 at 9 o'clock I saw a U.F.O." and it bore the initials "J.L." And in the posthumously released "Nobody Told Me," they sing, " There's UFO's over New York / And I ain't too surprised ."
Western Swamp Tortoise faces slow recovery despite Perth Zoo breeding success
Updated
It has been a tireless campaign to save Australia's most critically endangered reptile from extinction, but a lack of habitat and global warming means the Western Swamp Tortoise still faces a long road to recovery.
Brought back from the brink of extinction after just 30 of the animals were left in the world, numbers of the tortoise have been slowly rising since a breeding program began at Perth Zoo in 1989.
With what is expected to be 46 tortoise hatchlings this year, the zoo has now bred nearly 1,000 of the creatures in captivity.
Perth zookeeper Bradie Durell said the total population of the tortoise, found only in WA, now stands at between 400 and 500, with 200 of those currently at the zoo.
"We can breed and release on average 30 a year," they said.
"The issue now is that we don't actually have places to release them to."
Mr Durell said the Western Swamp Tortoise was found at Ellen Brook and Twin Swamps Nature Reserves, plus two release sites at the Mogumber and the Moore River Reserves.
"At this stage we have released as many as we want to into those sites, and now we have to kind of step back and observe ... whether the populations are viable and they are going to take care of themselves," they said.
They need to figure out how to be a turtle. Bradie Durell
"If we could find more habitats, essentially we could get their numbers up and get them off the critically endangered list."
Much of the species habitat has been destroyed by developments.
"Not only are they dealing with loss of habitat and global warming, but they also have to deal with the introduced predators like most other Australian animals," Mr Durell said.
A delicate breeding process
The breeding season at Perth Zoo starts in July and most of the eggs are laid in November.
They are dug up and placed into incubators for around 130 to 180 days before hatching.
The keepers then have the delicate job of sometimes helping them hatch out of their egg before placing them into human-made ponds where they are raised.
Mr Durell said every tortoise was different, with some taking five minutes to make their way to the water while some took over an hour.
"The first breath is usually the most uncoordinated, and essentially after they've done that they seem to be perfect," Mr Durell said.
"It's just the learning process. They need to figure out how to be a turtle."
When the tortoise reaches 100 grams, usually at around three years of age, it is released into the wild by the Department of Parks and Wildlife (DPW).
However the program does not stop there, as the DPW then tracks the tortoises.
Researchers are also continuing to work on finding new habitats which could potentially home the tortoise in the future.
Topics: endangered-and-protected-species, reptiles, zoos, perth-6000, wa
First posted
While Trump may claim he's for states rights, Attorney General Jeff Sessions just pissed on the opinions of about 71% of Americans who do not believe the federal government should attempt to ram federal laws down the throats of states where voters have legalized marijuana.
After Press Secretary Sean Spicer essentially warned everyone last week that the Trump administration plans to crack down on states with recreational marijuana laws, AG Sessions backed that up on Monday with some bizarre statements that prove the guy actually believes Refer Madness was a documentary.
Via Politico:
“Most of you probably know I don't think America is going to be a better place when more people of all ages and particularly young people start smoking pot,” Sessions said during an exchange with reporters at the Justice Department. “I believe it's an unhealthy practice and current levels of THC in marijuana are very high compared to what they were a few years ago.” “We're seeing real violence around that,” Sessions said. “Experts are telling me there's more violence around marijuana than one would think and there's big money involved.”
Nothing they said was backed up by any facts. While the country has changed and the science has changed, Sessions proved they have not changed their views on marijuana in over 30 years.
Not only does opioid addiction go down in states that legalize as has been verified by statistics, but if there is any “violence” around marijuana, it's due entirely to the black market created by the phony drug war, not the actual drug itself, as pointed out by chairperson of the drug policy reform group Marijuana Majority Tom Angell:
“By talking about marijuana and violence, the attorney general is inadvertently articulating the strongest argument that exists for legalization, which is that it allows regulated markets in a way that prohibition does not.”
Prohibition keeps drug cartels in business and needlessly puts thousands of Americans behind bars.
But then again, that must be why Sessions also reversed the DOJ plan to phase out the for-profit prisons last week; they're going to need somewhere to put all those non-violent drug offenders once the federal crackdown on a benign plant legalized in over half the country begins.
(Pic by Gage Skidmore)
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos (Click for details).
Contributed by Melissa Dykes of The Daily Sheeple.
Melissa Dykes is a writer, researcher, and analyst for The Daily Sheeple and a co-creator of Truthstream Media with Aaron Dykes, a site that offers teleprompter-free, unscripted analysis of The Matrix we find ourselves living in. Melissa and Aaron also recently launched Revolution of the Method and Informed Dissent. Wake the flock up!
‘Campus police officers will not contact, detain, question or arrest any individual solely on the basis of (suspected) undocumented immigration status'
University of California President Janet Napolitano has announced that system leaders will protect and defend students in the country illegally — and will advise campus cops to do the same.
Napolitano — who served as Secretary of Homeland Security under the Obama administration, charged with protecting the nation's borders — put out a statement Wednesday that their office will “vigorously protect the privacy and civil rights of the undocumented members of the UC community and will direct its police departments not to undertake joint efforts with any government agencies to enforce federal immigration law.”
The announcement comes as students in the country illegally and their peer allies are distraught that there might be mass deportations of undocumented students under a Donald Trump presidency. Many student leaders have announced their schools are “sanctuary campuses.” Now campus leaders are essentially following suit.
According to Napolitano's office, there are about 2,500 undocumented students enrolled across the 10-campus UC system.
“While we still do not know what policies and practices the incoming federal administration may adopt, given the many public pronouncements made during the presidential campaign and its aftermath, we felt it necessary to reaffirm that UC will act upon its deeply held conviction that all members of our community have the right to work, study, and live safely and without fear at all UC locations,” Napolitano stated.
In an op-ed published Wednesday in The New York Times, Napolitano argues there is precedent to direct law enforcement on such matters.
“Prioritizing the use of resources in law enforcement is nothing new. It is known as ‘prosecutorial discretion,' and we can see it all around us — from local police departments deciding whom to pull over instead of stopping every speeding car to federal prosecutors focusing on larger financial fraud instead of going after every bad check,” they wrote.
They went on to argue the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, is not the same as amnesty.
“Some of the debate about the future of DACA suggests that it provides Dreamers an official immigration status or a pathway to citizenship. As the memorandum establishing the program made clear, this is not the case. Only Congress has the power to confer those rights,” they wrote.
“Rather, the program reflects the executive branch doing what it properly does every day — making decisions about how to best use resources within the framework of existing law. There is no reason to abandon these sensible priorities now.”
With that, the University of California also issued its “Statement of Principles in Support of Undocumented Members of the UC Community,” outlining measures they will take to protect DACA students:
The University will continue to admit students consistent with its nondiscrimination policies so that undocumented students will be considered for admission under the same criteria as U.S. citizens or permanent residents. No confidential student records will be released without a judicial warrant, subpoena or court order, unless authorized by the student or required by law. No UC campus police department will undertake joint efforts with local, state or federal law enforcement agencies to investigate, detain or arrest individuals for violation of federal immigration law. Campus police officers will not contact, detain, question or arrest any individual solely on the basis of (suspected) undocumented immigration status. The University will not cooperate with any federal effort to create a registry of individuals based on any protected characteristics such as religion, national origin, race or sexual orientation. UC medical centers will treat all patients without regard to race, religion, national origin, citizenship or other protected characteristics and will vigorously enforce nondiscrimination and privacy laws and policies.
A spokesperson for Napolitano's office told The College Fix on Wednesday they were unable to give a further statement at this time.
This is not the first time Napolitano has protected and supported DACA students.
In May, their office announced an earmark of $25.2 million from the system's taxpayer-funded coffers to help support a variety of programs that assist undocumented UC students.
System leaders pledged $8.4 million a year for the next three school years — a total of $25.2 million through 2019 — for undocumented student support across its 10 campuses.
Part of that aid will be used to fund the system's DREAM loan program, as well as for student services staff coordinators, “targeted undergraduate and graduate fellowships,” textbooks, and undocumented legal services.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
#32 Bill Morrissey Position: Center
Height: 6-8
Weight: 240
Class: Senior
Hometown: Glendale, NY
High School: Archbishop Molloy
Major: Economics/Pre-Business
2007-08: Saw action in 18 games as a reserve…grabbed a career-high seven rebounds in double-overtime win vs. Rochester (2/17)…tallied a career-best six points at national champion Washington (2/24)…played a season-high 15 minutes, contributing four points and three rebounds at St. Joseph's-LI in ECAC Metro Tournament first round (3/5).
2006-07: Played in two games, both as a reserve, after rejoining the team during the spring semester.
2005-06: Appeared in 10 games during their first-year student campaign…received their first career start vs. Washington (2/19) and played a career-high 22 minutes…totaled two points and three rebounds vs. Elmira (11/26).
High School: Played just one season (senior year) of high school basketball…played in the Catholic High School Athletic Association (CHSAA) Senior Classic All-Star Game…served as a peer tutor and a homeless shelter volunteer…member of the National Honor Society.
Personal: Enjoys watching baseball and playing stickball…avid professional wrestling fan…hopes to attend medical school.
Are you a daredevil with a Shark Week fetish or a landlubber who won't even watch Shark Tale? Either way, keep your eye on Periscope for GoPro's first-ever underwater live stream and watch in real-time as GoPro athletes Jeb Corliss and Roberta Mancino swim with great hammerhead sharks.
The dive (look ma, no cage!) will take place off the island of the Bahamian island of Bimini, where Corliss and Mancino have been exploring under the sea all week.
We talked with Corliss before they left for their scuba-and-shark adventure to get the backstory about the trip. Here's what they had to say:
GP: Jeb, you're best known for your human flight activities, but clearly you're just as comfortable in the water! How long have you been diving?
Jeb: I have been diving with sharks for almost 24 years. This part of the Bahamas is hands down the greatest shark diving on planet earth, when it comes to clear water and a number of different species of sharks. Out of all my trips, this will be my first time with the great hammerheads. And it is definitely the first time I've ever done a live Periscope while shark diving!
GP: What can viewers expect to see when they tune into the live Periscope on Thursday?
Jeb: We want to give viewers an up-close-and-personal encounter with the great hammerhead shark – an experience that most people will never have in their life. We hope to have anywhere from three to seven sharks in the water with us as we go live on Periscope.
GP: What's so special about the great hammerhead?
Jeb: Great hammerheads are one of the largest sharks on planet earth that can attack human beings. They can get up to 20ft in length and have set records for size and weight. These sharks can be very energetic and at times will make contact with the divers. If they get excited Roberta and I will get back to back and defend each other as they come in for the bait.
GP: Why do you like to use Periscope? And how excited are you about the first Periscope shark dive underwater?
Jeb: When doing things like base jumping or shark diving, it's fun to watch them live. They are high-risk activities and you are never really sure what will happen. Periscope is perfect for this. Being able to watch a shark dive live is super exciting and people at home will get to feel what it's like. As the action unfolds, people will be on the edge of their seat hoping everything goes to plan. The fact we can connect a GoPro to Periscope, take the camera 40 feet deep and beam it to the world - is super exciting! It will be a game changer for shark diving and for how we share experiences with others.
GP: What equipment will you use to get the shot?
Jeb: I will be using a WiFi extension cable and four GoPro HERO4 Black Edition cameras, each shooting in different frame rates and capturing still images. I'll use standard GoPro mounts to attach the live GoPro Periscope feed to the side of my Guardian Full Face underwater communications mask, so people can watch live from my POV and hear all communications we have underwater. I will also be diving with a pole to defend myself against the sharks and at the end of the pole will be another GoPro. We will most likely have a GoPro on a chest mount as well. The WiFi extension cable will send the signal to the surface and tether to an iPhone, in order to send the signal to the world!
What is truly amazing is anyone with a WiFi extension cable, a cell phone, Periscope app and a GoPro can live broadcast their dives to the world. It's hard to express how amazing this truly is…something like this usually requires huge productions with large budgets. Now this will be something everyone will be able to do!
Who would have guessed just three years ago that the David Cameron government would be the author of the boldest change in British foreign policy since the second world war? That is exactly what is now unfolding.
The process began this year when the British government announced it would join a Chinese initiative to help fund Asia's enormous infrastructural needs. The UK became the first non-Asian country to join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), after which more than 30 other countries joined, including Germany and France.
The United States opposed the decision because it saw the AIIB as a threat to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. Britain has long been the US's foreign policy shadow, so the decision to join the AIIB was the most significant act of independence since 1944, when John Maynard Keynes argued with America's Dexter White at Bretton Woods over the new international financial order.
The underlying thinking behind the British decision has since become clear. This was no flash in the pan. The key mover is the chancellor, George Osborne. Their approach is based on a recognition of the profound changes in the global economy caused by China's rise. At the time of the last state visit to Britain by a Chinese president, that of Hu Jintao in 2005, the UK economy was still slightly larger than that of China: today China's GDP, by the most conservative measure, is over three times greater. We are fast becoming a minnow by comparison.
The howls of China's prisoners will haunt this royal welcome for Xi Jinping | Ma Jian Read more
Since 2005, the financial crisis has rendered western growth rates close to zero, left their economies debt-ridden, and made the global economy ever more dependent on China for growth and capital. This is the new reality that imbues the thinking of any government, right or left. To their great credit, Osborne and their party have seized the nettle.
The courageous decision to join the AIIB bestowed an advantage on the UK. From being a western laggard in its relationship with China, Britain moved to the front of the queue. Cameron's claim that the UK could be “China's best partner in the west” was not empty rhetoric, nor was the idea of a “golden decade” in Sino-British relations.
President Xi Jinping's visit this week is likely to see many new commercial agreements between the two countries. Britain's much-neglected infrastructure requires huge capital investment, money it does not have. The willingness of the Chinese to invest in HS2, a new programme of nuclear reactors and the so-called “northern powerhouse” offers opportunities that otherwise would be impossible. At the same time, the City of London is the largest offshore market for the renminbi, which could be crucial to its long-term future. Xi's visit will greatly enhance the growing cooperation between China and the UK and give further shape to what might be described as Britain's pivot to China.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest President Xi Jinping and their wife Peng Liyuan arrive at London's Heathrow airport. Photograph: Toby Melville/Reuters
Of course, there will be those who object on the grounds that the UK, in its embrace of China, is moving away from the US. However, the situation is rather more complex. China is rising; the US is declining. By 2030 it is projected that the Chinese economy will be twice the size of the US's. Can Britain, or any country, ignore this? Most countries in the world in varying degrees are pivoting to China just as once, in America's heyday, they pivoted to the US. This is about the force of gravity, not the ivory tower.
Take Australia, a very close and long-term American ally. China now accounts for over a quarter of its exports – far greater than America's share. That, by default, means Australia has come to enjoy a much closer relationship with China: the Australians now talk of America as “our ally” and China as “our very good friend”.
How to secure British jobs in a global economy | Letters Read more
Those who want to ignore or deny these realities are living in a world that is growing smaller and less important by the day. Countries either change with the world or are rendered insignificant and marginal by those changes. The British government has recognised this and deserves support for doing so.
Of course there is understandable unease. China is a very different proposition from the US. Whereas historically we share much with the latter, that is not true of China, which comes from entirely different historical and cultural roots. As a result there is much room for disagreement and misperception. There is a powerful presumption in the west that China should be like us: it never has been and never will be. We must learn to accept this and try to understand China on its own terms rather than ours.
We are uncomfortable about China's human rights record which, by our values, certainly leaves a great deal to be desired. But even here there is a bigger picture. China has taken 600 million people out of poverty, arguably the single biggest global contribution to human rights over the last three decades. Over the same period China has become a much freer society. The nation is a work in progress. Its human rights record is not a reason to reject a much closer relationship with it.
The new turn to China offers Britain the prospect of modernising our infrastructure in a way that otherwise would be inconceivable. It will create many new jobs. Above all it shows how Britain can prosper in the Asian-oriented and China-centric world rapidly unfolding before us.
The Masked Saint and the Christian Commodification of Violence
Jacob Oller Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 3, 2016 Unlisted
Superhero culture — sticking up for the little guy, fighting for truth, justice, and the American Way — ceases to function when the punches becoming morally self-evident. Praising, even rewarding, violence blindly encourages rationalization in the face of difficulty. Since you're an ethical person, might makes right. The author of a 5-star Amazon review of the novel The Masked Saint buys into this wish-fulfillment: “The Masked Saint does what many Christians, including myself, would like to do — pummels the bad guys”. Encouraged by media like this, modern moralistic objectors respond in kind. Why shouldn't they take down the “bad guy” whenever they can? They're morally superior, and therefore it's obviously okay, right?
This is the kind of ethical hubris that quickly leads to the stockpiling of weapons, hawkish foreign policy, and unwillingness to compromise. When you've already condemned those you disagree with to a pummeling, why bother listening to what they have to say? Diplomacy falls away when violence becomes holy.
This trap has long snared jihadists, slavers, and Crusaders from both theological sides, and it stills snags faithful pseudo-vigilantes today. Anders Behring Breivik — allegedly to defend “Christian Europe” — bombed and shot down 77 people for “letting down Norway and the Norwegian people” during their 2011 attack in Oslo, Norway. Extreme right-wing Christian terrorist Larry McQuilliams thought they were completely morally justified in unloading over 100 bullets into Austin, Texas in 2014, on their way to burn down the Mexican Consulate. ISIS-level extremism in the name of modern-day theocracy isn't exclusive to a particular religion, only a particular mindset. Just ask the child soldiers of the Lord's Resistance Army.
Echoing these notions of moral justification, the film adaptation of The Masked Saint concludes with a call-to-arms, a common misquote often attributed to Edmund Burke: “All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.” However, within the context of the film, the likely historical origin of the quotation, taken from Burke's Thoughts on the Cause of the Present Discontents, refutes its reckless hotheadedness: “When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle”. An association of good, they argue, contains nuance, intelligence, and thoughtfulness of the sort that would fail to satisfy the morally-outraged bloodlust seen in some parts of America today — and in this film.
The first release by the faith division of Ridgerock Entertainment Group, the production company that most notably brought us Black Mass, and the first non-cartoon release by arguably “family-friendly” production company P23 Entertainment, The Masked Saint follows a pro-wrestler-turned-pastor-turned-vigilante, based on the semi-autobiographical novel of the same name, written by wrestler-turned-pastor Chris Whaley. The adaptation comes from director Warren P. Sonoda, an eclectic director of Canadian comedies whose next project is titled Total Frat Movie, and writer Scott Crowell, whose sole previous credit is an “angst-splattered canvas of urban grit” about a drifter. Sadly, the jump between animated animals, grit, juvenile humor, and moonlighting crimefighters retains more cartoonishness than virtue.
The story follows Chris Samuels, known in the ring as The Saint, as they move their family to small-town Michigan and begins a career as a pastor. Their run-down church, on the wrong side of the tracks, has a leaky roof, a waning congregation, and a mounting debt. The nameless town's unsavory population (one pimp, a handful of prostitutes, and a wife-beating drunk neighbor) serve as the main antagonists alongside The Saint's mounting ego as they begin to clean up the town and pay the bills with their fists.
The titular Saint, played by Brett Granstaff, combines an action figure body with a Norman Bates face, deriving creepy satisfaction from every punch and chokehold. They assault harmless blowhards with an almost sexual pleasure in front of police officers and the film unashamedly gives them a crowd of spectators to quite literally applaud their actions. The actor's fervor, more towards retribution than towards justice, initially comes off as a misreading of the material or some miscommunication between actor and script, but Granstaff also served as co-writer, so presumably we see the intended artistic vision. The wrestling, which the spectating supporting cast constantly reassures each other is merely exciting acting, plays as scarily realistically thanks to a hulking, villainous wrestler known as The Reaper, who breaks The Saint's leg in the opening scene of the film. We know the violence in the ring is real, the faces and heels of pro wrestling replaced by an equally simplistic battle of good and evil.
Initially, Samuels hangs up their mask to pursue their new ecclesiastical career, but is inevitably drawn back in when money gets tight, both for their family and their church. Turning mercenary, they return to the circuit, taking fights for cash. Commodifying this violence, which we have already learned isn't acting at all, but knuckle-scabbing bloodsport, taints this allegedly holy man. Surely he'll have their comeuppance for funding their church with a brawler's payoffs. Strangely, rather than horror, the film adopts an attitude of celebration, the crowds (at one point including their entire congregation) “cheering for blood”.
While Samuels does descend into sin, the sin shamed is their pride — a stance that confirms the film's positive stance on violence as something deserving of pride. Rather than chastening the corruption of a holy man, their flaw becomes not fully attributing their propensity for punching to God. The major exaltation of God, thanking them for our talents, closely follows The Saint beating a pimp unconscious with a tire iron during their first foray as a crimefighter. According to the New Testament, Jesus spoke to, forgave, and loved prostitutes. Biblically speaking, forgiveness did not have to come after a beating.
Vigilantism isn't a moral good: it's violence taken into the hands of a morally self-justified individual outside the bounds of the law. But The Masked Saint seems to encourage it. Certainly vigilantes make up a sizeable part of our cultural imagination, especially in the age of superheroes. But unlike Daredevil, for instance, in which the masked crimefighter struggles with their propensity for violent acts of retribution as selfish expressions of power, The Masked Saint delivers the juvenile advice one takes towards a schoolyard bully one step further: if mean people hit you, hit them back — and if they haven't hit you yet, then strike first. That's a dangerous stance to take in an increasingly weaponized world.
The film's treacherous thesis lurks amid the film's technical, artistic, and thematic sloppiness — hiding beneath a wretched quagmire like the Creature from the Black Lagoon. Why even listen to what a bad movie has to say? Despicable morals — encouraging lying to police, taking the law into one's own hands, and faith being a justifying means to an end — encourage fear-mongering and closed-minded isolation rather than togetherness. Already often exploited for their money by corporations hocking cinematic schlock, the Christian community continues accruing films that double as quick and easy propaganda that simplify and misappropriate their values — the film equivalent of a collection of outrage-generating Facebook memes.
A violent film, celebrating the use of violence to sponsor religion, asks its religious audience to sponsor more violence, a cycle inevitably resulting in nothing but the self-fulfilled prophecy of continued dogmatic aggression. Rather than supporting the bastardization of Christian ideals, rejecting The Masked Saint's deluded, antiquated, immature nonsense reflects the strength to reject violence as a valued and valid solution.
Where have all the liberals gone?
President Obama, who as a Democratic senator accused the Bush administration of violating civil liberties in the name of security, now vigorously defends their own administration's collection of Americans' phone records and Internet activities.
Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said they think Congress has done sufficient intelligence oversight. Their evidence? Opinion polls.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi defended the programs' legality and said they want Edward Snowden prosecuted for leaking details of the secret operations.
Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), chairperson of the Senate intelligence committee, accused Snowden of treason and defended false testimony given to their committee by the director of national intelligence, who in March had denied the programs' existence.
With some exceptions, progressive lawmakers and the liberal commentariat have been passive and acquiescent toward the secret spying programs, which would have infuriated the left had they been the work of a Republican administration.
When libertarian Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) introduced legislation last week to curb the surveillance powers, they had no co-sponsors. When they held a news conference this week to unveil a lawsuit claiming the surveillance is unconstitutional, five members of Congress joined them — all Republicans.
I kept looking for liberal dissent — and then, on Wednesday morning, the newswires reported that a group called Voice of Resistance was meeting outside the Capitol, where demonstrators would proclaim Snowden a hero and flog an effigy of Republican Rep. Peter King (N.Y.), one of the first to brand Snowden a traitor. I arrived at the appointed place and time but found no protest. Instead, there were six journalists and a lone demonstrator, who was wearing an antiabortion baseball cap. They told me the group was actually a right-wing outfit. “The others are parking the car,” they explained, before turning the topic to Rush Limbaugh.
Polling this week by The Post and Pew Research Center produced discouraging evidence that Democrats have shed their suspicion of government overreach now that one of their own is in charge. Sixty-nine percent of Democrats say that terrorism investigations should trump privacy as the government's main concern, compared with 51 percent in 2006, when the Bush administration's warrantless wiretapping program had come to light. Then, 37 percent of Democrats found the NSA's actions acceptable, compared with 64 percent now. (Republicans went in the other direction, suddenly becoming more privacy-conscious.)
Certainly, there are differences between now and then. Today, the program operates under court supervision and has at least the veneer of congressional approval (the administration circumvents the law's requirement that only “relevant” records can be collected by claiming that all phone records of all Americans are relevant). And it remains to be seen whether Snowden is a true whistleblower or somebody who means their country harm.
Yet it is jarring to see the left so compliant now that the surveillance has been sanctioned by a Democratic president. Even if the programs ultimately prove defensible, isn't it worth finding out what they really are, before liberals accept a suspension of civil liberties they may come to regret?
The weakness of the liberals' argument for standing down was displayed by Reid, who assured reporters this week that Senate intelligence committee members “have done their very utmost, in my opinion, to conduct oversight. And that's why the American people, in polls — two polls that I saw today — support what is happening with trying to stop terrorists from doing bad things to us.”
Thomas Drake was indicted under the Espionage Act for retaining classified information which they shared with a journalist. Drake ultimately didn't serve any jail time but they say the experience changed their lives forever. They offer insights on what Edward Snowden now faces. (The Fold/The Washington Post)
While Reid tests the political winds to determine which constitutional rights Americans should have, those who should be overseeing the program are instead defending it with a just-trust-me logic. Feinstein declared that “these programs are within the law.” The top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger (Md.), promised that “we're not violating any constitutional rights.” Both said they'd like to see more about the program declassified, but their past efforts to produce more disclosure have been weak.
There are a few Democrats who have upheld the party's tradition of championing civil liberties — such as John Conyers (Mich.), who is introducing a bill with conservative Rep. Justin Amash (R-Mich.) to curtail the program, and Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.), who with Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) introduced legislation backed by eight senators requiring more disclosure of secret court rulings.
But the Conyers bill is likely to go nowhere in the House, and Reid was cool to the Merkley proposal, saying only that “I'll be happy to take a look.”
If they do look, he'll find that they're doing what progressives should do: Protecting the people from a too-secretive government.
Twitter: @Milbank
Read more from Dana Milbank's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
If the White House Correspondents' Dinner is the nerd prom, former FBI director James Comey's Senate testimony on Thursday was nerd Super Bowl.
Washington DC's bars had morning drink specials, meetings were cancelled until noon, and hundreds lined up for hours outside the Senate chamber where Comey would speak, hoping to snag one of the few public seats. While Republicans and Democrats may be bitterly divided in America, it felt for a moment as if people from both parties united to play hooky in DC, and tune in at 10am.
As the hearing was starting, the line to get in outside the chamber on the second floor of the white marble Hart Building was still at least 100 strong, many of them young interns and Congressional staffers. They huddled around cell phones and open laptops hooked up to the Senate's free Wi-Fi.
“It's a historic moment,” said one 19-year-old, who said they worked for a House Republican but didn't want to give them name. Yes, the nation has been very divided, but the hearing could “bring us together and get everyone on the same page.”
A tall square-shouldered young guy in a slightly shiny blue suit was posing for a photo with a perplexed older man wearing a yarmulke. After handing them a Trump button, the younger man demonstrated a thumbs-up fist bump. “It's the Trump bump,” they said, grinning.
Standing at the very end of the line was Jonny Simpson, a 28-year-old former University of Maryland football player who was wearing a loose red necktie and an open shirt that showed off their chest tattoo. Simpson, who runs a Facebook live show, said they were there to “soak up the atmosphere of the room.”
Reuters/Jonathan Ernst Long wait.
The Union Pub, a bar just a few blocks from the Capitol building, had promised a free round whenever the president tweeted during the hearing. It was packed by 10:30am. The standing room only crowd clutched plastic cups of beer while watching the bar's rows of televisions.
Alex Rojas, 48, wearing a pink button-down shirt, was taking selfies with the crowd behind him. “I'm here for the free drink,” they said, but sadly “someone seems to have taken Trump's phone away.” Originally from Colombia, Rojas had lived in DC for 20 years and is a keen follower of US politics.
They traveled to Alabama to watch the last presidential debate in order to gauge how Trump supporters were feeling, but wherever they went they had the baseball game on instead, they said. “It's like the Super Bowl,” they said surveying the Thursday's crowd. “I love this town.”
Journalists from German radio and Japanese television worked the room. A tall blond in a orange shift dress did a broadcast for Ukrainian television. The crowd shushed each other when thing got too noisy, or the hard-to-hear senator Diane Feinstein spoke, and hooted with laughter as Comey said “Lordy, I hope there are tapes.” (He was speaking of their conversation with president Trump in the Oval Office, which Trump hinted on Twitter they had recorded.)
David Oltorik, a pilot and ex-Pentagon employee, had the day off, so they and their wife Suzanne decided they'd view the hearing with a crowd at Union Pub. Comey is “trying to act in good faith,” they said. The intelligence community is fighting back against Trump, Oltorik said, because “intelligence folks are committed to the industry,” and Trump has pledged to upend it.
A waiter carried a plate of french fries walked by, followed by another with a tray of bloody marys.
The hype surrounding the event itself “is kind of self-feeding,” said Oltorik, cheerfully surveying the increasingly rowdy crowd. “I just put something on my Facebook and my friend commented ‘Doesn't anyone in that town work?' “
Massive fail of the month
One of James O'Keefe's dumbest stunts: wearing a crude Osama bin Laden costume, crossing the US-Mexico border
Right wing smear merchant James O'Keefe performed a majestic face plant recently, when they phoned the George Soros-funded Open Society Foundation posing as a “Hungarian-American” named “Victor Kesh” to set up one of their creepy dishonest hit jobs — and forgot to hang up the phone after leaving a message.
O'Keefe ended up leaving a much longer message than they intended. Seven minutes longer. And it included the discussion they had with their fellow right wing operatives about perpetrating the sting. All recorded on their intended target's voicemail; a classic O'Keefe moment.
As Dana Geraghty recalls it, March 16th was a “rather quiet Wednesday.” That afternoon, they were in their cubicle at the Open Society Foundations, on West Fifty-seventh Street, where they help oversee the nonprofit group's pro-democracy programs in Eurasia. The Foundations are the philanthropic creation of George Soros, the hedge-fund billionaire, who is a prominent donor to liberal causes, including Hillary Clinton's Presidential bid. Soros, who has spent nineteen million dollars on the 2016 Presidential campaign, is regarded with suspicion by many conservatives. National Review has suggested that they may be fomenting protests against Donald Trump by secretly funding what it called a “rent-a-mob.” Geraghty, who is twenty-eight, had programmed their office phone to forward messages from unfamiliar callers to their e-mail inbox. They were about to review several messages when they noticed that one of them was extraordinarily long. “Who leaves a seven-minute voice mail?” Geraghty asked herself. They clicked on it. “Hey, Dana,” a voice began. The caller sounded to them like an older American male. “My name is, uh, Victor Kesh. I'm a Hungarian-American who represents a, uh, foundation . . . that would like to get involved with you and aid what you do in fighting for, um, European values.” They asked Geraghty for the name of someone they could talk to “about supporting you guys and coördinating with you on some of your efforts.” Requesting a callback, they left a phone number with a 914 area code—Westchester County. […] They continued to listen, and the man's voice suddenly took on a more commanding tone. The caller had failed to hang up, and Kesh, unaware that they were still being recorded, seemed to be conducting a meeting about how to perpetrate an elaborate sting on Soros. “What needs to happen,” they said, is for “someone other than me to make a hundred phone calls like that”—to Soros, to their employees, and to the Democracy Alliance, a club of wealthy liberal political donors that Soros helped to found, which is expected to play a large role in financing this year's campaigns. Kesh described sending into the Soros offices an “undercover” agent who could “talk the talk” with Open Society executives. Kesh's goal wasn't fully spelled out on the recording, but the gist was that an operative posing as a potential donor could penetrate Soros's operation and make secret videos that exposed embarrassing activities. Soros, they assured the others, has “thousands of organizations” on the left in league with him. Kesh said that the name of their project was Discover the Networks.
Read the whole thing; as a pure massive fail it's right up there with some of Chuck C. Johnson's most ridiculous moments. These guys think they're right wing journalistic undercover masterminds, and really… they're just sneaky, underhanded dopes who try to trick people into doing embarrassing or illegal things.
Here's a transcript of the whole call, and here's the audio.
MP3 Audio
Today, Beach Slang announced that guitarist Ruben Gallego has left the group, with the decision coming in light of sexual assault allegations that have been brought up against him. In a statement released by the band, the remaining members explain that Beach Slang “has always been and will always be a safe place for everyone,” so even though the allegations against Gallego apparently involve an event that occurred several years ago, they thought it was best to distance themselves from them as quickly as possible.
This all comes just as Beach Slang is embarking on an extensive tour in support of its new album, A Loud Bash Of Teenage Feelings, with the statement explaining that the shows—especially one happening tonight—will be performed acoustically. The full Beach Slang statement is below.
For us, Beach Slang has always been and will always be a safe place for everyone. It was built to be welcoming. It was built to be soft. If we are going to continue to exist, we have to exist in this way. There have been allegations involving sexual assault and our guitarist, Ruben. Although this occurred four years ago and prior to them joining Beach Slang, we cannot in good conscience continue with him. We believe survivors and we want to believe Ruben, but until we learn more information, we don't feel it's appropriate for them to be a part of Beach Slang. We strongly support survivors and organizations such as www.rainn.org and we encourage you to use their resources if you need help. We will be making a donation to RAINN at the conclusion of this tour to do our part in helping to ensure these resources are there for those who need it. Given the timing of this, our only option is to play as Quiet Slang (James solo acoustic). I mean, giving up never seems to fix things. Maybe today, we can start putting some stuff back together. The Bleached Slang tour starts tonight in Washington, DC. Maybe that's a good place to start. Keep each other safe, Beach Slang
Meanwhile, Gallego has released a few statements of their own, with the first coming from Punk News. In that statement, Gallego explains that ignoring these accusations “would be contributing to the further isolation of survivors and as a whole contributing to rape culture.” They say that they and their accuser have “contradicting ideas about what happened,” but for them to defend themselves would only “serve to discredit” the person. They go on to say that he's “grateful for everything” that they got to experience through Beach Slang, and he's “hopeful” that they can “find some resolution.” That full statement is below:
Hey everyone I was writing to say that because of an accusation of sexual assault that was leveled against me we all agreed that it would be best for me to take a step away from Beach Slang. This band has been the greatest thing that has ever happened to me and obviously I'm floored to have to walk away from it. James, Ed and Charlie are some of the best friends I've ever had. When this call out first came out we sifted through our options and contemplated the possibility of addressing this and continuing forward but more and more we found ourselves asking what kind of repercussions this would have and concluded that letting this fade away would be contributing to the further isolation of survivors and as a whole contributing to rape culture. Something we all vehemently stand against. As difficult as it will be for me nothing is more important to me than making sure that people feel safe around me and in general, at shows, in everyday life. All of this said there are always two sides in a situation like this and with respect to this person I want to make it clear that I've thought a lot about that night and we both seem to have contradicting ideas about what happened. It's difficult for me to defend myself because any defense I make is only going to serve to discredit this person and I don't want to cause them any harm. To me it seems that for them to make this call out means that they are clearly working through some of their own issues and I hope that whatever they may be that they find peace, clarity and resolve. I've made myself available to them if they decide they want to reach out to me directly or through an intermediary and we can try and find some kind of resolution. I want to thank every single person who I've met through all of this. This band has allowed me to be in the same room with some of my greatest personal hero's and generally some of the sweetest people Ive ever been lucky enough to meet. No matter how bleak my life feels right now I'm grateful for everything and I'm hopeful that I too can find some resolution. Im starting therapy today and hopefully this will help me to work on myself as a person and trying to move forward in a positive way.
Advertisement
Gallego reiterated these points in a statement to Pitchfork, saying that it's important to them “that people stand with survivors” and that people “continue to foster an environment where people aren't afraid to speak out against their abusers.” Here's the Pitchfork statement:
I'd like to say that what's important to me is that people stand with survivors and that we continue to foster an environment where people aren't afraid to speak out against their abusers. Although I do feel like what's being said about me is inaccurate it's irrelevant. I think it's totally possible for people to see a situation completely differently and if this person feels I harmed them then that's what I care about and I want to make that right. I also care deeply about how this affects other victims of sexual assault specifically the ones who attend Beach Slang shows and felt that sticking around would further isolate them. James and Ed are the sweetest most caring people I've ever known and I feel they did the right thing and I will always support them.
HARRISBURG- The city of Harrisburg plans to put police officers in an Allison Hill neighborhood full-time later this year when it opens a 24-hour precinct near 15th and Derry streets.
Police Chief Thomas Carter announced the new effort during a neighborhood meeting Tuesday night at the Derry Street United Methodist Church at 1508 Derry Street. The meeting was the first in a series by Mayor Eric Papenfuse to hear concerns and suggestions from residents.
The city is using federal grant money earmarked for police overtime pay to rehabilitate the one-story building at 15th and Drummond streets. The police department used to run a part-time substation out of the building, but it hasn't been used in recent years except as a place for officers to occasionally write reports.
The building is four blocks from a recent brick-brawl that was videotaped and went viral.
The owner of the building recently donated it to the city, Carter said, clearing the way for renovations. Carter said they didn't know how much the project would cost. A few local construction companies are providing estimates of renovations.
Money to pay for the project will come from $250,000 in Community Development Block Grant money that was earmarked by city council last year for police to fight crime in the neighborhood. Part of the money has already been spent on overtime, but a portion will now go to the building, Carter said, which has a gated parking lot for police cars and officers' personal vehicles.
Carter said they hoped to have the building operational by the end of the summer. They said officers assigned to patrol the area would report directly to the precinct and work out of the building, which will be staffed around the clock. Residents will be able to call the precinct directly to request police assistance, they said.
Residents will no longer have to venture downtown or pay for parking to visit a police station, Carter said.
"We should be accessible to the people we serve," they said.
Carter said they eventually would like to expand the program to include precincts in two other neighborhoods, including one in uptown.
Public safety was the top concern cited by people who spoke at Tuesday night's meeting, which drew more than two-dozen residents. The first five residents complained about the same thing: bandits terrorizing city sidewalks and streets with motorized dirt bikes and all-terrain vehicles that are illegal.
The bandits ignore traffic laws, one-way streets and stop signs and nearly knock over pedestrians in their path, the residents complained. They are pervasive.
The vehicles, mostly stolen or not properly registered, Carter said, pose a serious problem for police officers, who are reluctant to start a dangerous chase through densely populated neighborhoods.
"It's one of the biggest headaches I have right now," Carter said. "We can't chase these kids because they're just kids. If we chase them, and a young person loses their lives, their family will sue us."
Parents should not allow children to illegally drive the motorized vehicles, Carter said. They recommended that residents should report sightings to police and discreetly photograph offending vehicles if possible to help police. Residents can also report parked dirt bikes and ATVs that are believed to be illegal if they see them chained or locked at a residence. Police officers can then run a check on the vehicle identification number, question residents and confiscate the vehicle without worrying about chasing anyone, they said.
Police confiscated eight illegal dirt bikes and motorized ATVs in the last week, Carter said. A PennLive reporter saw a motorized dirt bike driving near 15th and Drummond streets shortly after the meeting ended.
Two other residents at the meeting complained about police response times to 911 calls, parents who don't mind their children and repeated drug dealing at known locations.
Carter said the new precinct should help to reduce response times and increase attention by police. They also took an address from an elderly woman who said they were afraid in their home at night because of drug dealers and said officers would investigate.
The next neighborhood meeting was set for June 26 at the Chisuk Emuna synagogue at 3219 Green Street.
Shawn Robinson was posing as a police officer when they pulled over an off-duty officer. (Photo: Prince William County Police Department)
DUMFRIES, Va. -- A police impersonator tried to pull over an off-duty officer early Thursday morning, police said.
An off-duty police officer says they were driving in Dumfries when a man driving a Crown Victoria started to follow him. The officer says the driver turned on a spotlight that was attached to their car. Thinking it was a police officer, the off-duty officer pulled over, according to police.
The driver of the Crown Victoria pulled alongside the off-duty officer and tried to make contact, police said.
When the off-duty officer said they were a police officer, the other driver immediately sped away. The off-duty officer followed the car, and then the driver and passenger fled on foot.
Police have identified the man as Shawn Michael Robinson, 27, of Alexandria, Va. They turned themselves into police after a warrant was issued for their arrest.
Robinson is being held without bond.  They are due in court on March 4.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1BANhmV
Magazine says it removed them from 2016 rich list after financial disclosures showed less than $700m in assets
Forbes reported Tuesday that the US commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, exaggerated their net worth by $2bn, which the magazine said it discovered after they protested being removed from its 2016 list of the 400 richest people in the US.
Forbes cited years of internal reporting notes and conversations with Ross, an investor who has been described as “the king of bankruptcy” for buying beaten-down companies with the potential to deliver profits.
Trump commerce secretary's business links with Putin family laid out in leaked files Read more
The magazine, which estimated Ross to be worth $2.9bn in its 2016 list, said it decided to remove Ross from the list after financial disclosure forms filed after their cabinet nomination showed less than $700m in assets.
Forbes says Ross protested, claiming that they had transferred more than $2bn to family trusts between the 2016 election and Donald Trump's inauguration. But when that claim raised ethics and tax questions, the Department of Commerce issued a statement saying there had been no such transfer.
Forbes said it was now “confident that the money never existed. It seems clear that Ross lied to us.”
The commerce department did not respond to requests for comment.
Ross, the Trump administration's point man on trade and manufacturing policy, is also facing questions over leaked documents showing that they have a stake in a company that does business with a gas producer partly owned by the son-in-law of the Russian president, Vladimir Putin.
Ross told Britain's Sky network that they disclosed their investment in Navigator Holdings, a shipping giant that counts the Russian gas and petrochemical producer Sibur among its major customers. The commerce secretary says US ethics officials who reviewed their finances did not ask them to sell their Navigator stock.
"It's going to be really great finally being able to tell my side of things," says the reality star, breaking their silence ahead of their Tuesday interview with host Chris Harrison.
Get ready to see more of Corinne Olympios on the small screen, if everything goes as planned.
The Bachelor franchise alum is not done with TV in the wake of the Bachelor in Paradise controversy. Olympios has a scripted series and a reality TV show in the works, they told The Hollywood Reporter Thursday at the U.S. launch party for Showpo at Hollywood's NeueHouse.
"I do have a [reality] show in the works, and I'm also working on a scripted show with one of my favorite producers," they explained to THR, adding that both would be in front of the camera.
Olympios was joined by their mother, Peri, and Hollywood publicist, Katie Feldman, at the brand's launch party. The event marked one of their first public appearances since exiting the Sayulita, Mexico set of Bachelor in Paradise, which is currently airing on ABC. "We're really lucky that we got her," says Showpo CEO Jane Lu of having Olympios out at a public event. "Her team tells us that the brand aligns with their personal brand well."
The 24-year-old is keeping further details of their possible gigs under wraps for now, waiting to announce more the day of their Paradise sit-down with Chris Harrison, which airs on Tuesday. Olympios has nearly removed themselves from the spotlight since returning from filming the fourth season of Paradise, offering only two public statements via their publicist about the controversy. "Before making your assumptions, watch my interview [with Harrison] to hear it straight from me," they had tweeted to fans earlier this week.
The reality star's highly anticipated on-air return to the franchise comes after the season's temporary shutdown this summer, when a producer on set filed a misconduct claim surrounding a sexual encounter between them and castmember DeMario Jackson. The claim launched an investigation that suspended filming for nearly two weeks. Ultimately, producers Warner Bros. Television found no misconduct and resumed filming. Jackson first told their account of the events during a sit-down with Harrison that aired last week.
Olympios told reporters of their past few months since leaving the Sayulita, Mexico set: "I think when anything like that happens to someone, I could only hope that you grow as a person and learn a lot about yourself, which I did. I'm just always positive. I'm a really positive person."
During the pre-taped studio interview, the star is poised to address the slut-shaming they experienced in the weeks during the investigation, as well as the statements they released, including one where they referred to themselves as a "victim." ABC reality chief Robert Mills told THR that Olympios will clarify what they meant and "put this thing to bed once and for all."
"I'm still good ol' Corinne. I just hope everyone still loves everything I'm doing," they said of the anticipated fan response. "I have no problem with Bachelor Nation. I love Bachelor Nation. I am Bachelor Nation."
Olympios hails from Nick Viall's season of The Bachelor, which aired earlier this year. Recently, Viall and their winner, Vanessa Grimaldi, called off their engagement. Olympios placed fourth on the season.
It was revealed after the shutdown that Olympios had been in a relationship with Jordan Gielchinsky, president of Giel York Tobacco Corporation according to their LinkedIn profile, while filming Paradise. On Thursday, however, they told reporters: "We are not together anymore. I am seeing someone else."
During a visit to ABC's Good Morning America on Tuesday ahead of their sit-down airing later that night, Olympios reiterated that they don't remember anything from the encounter with Jackson due to a combination of drinking and their medicine. "I was also on a medication that severely blacks you out and impairs your judgment and messes with your balance that I didn't know you were supposed to not drink on. So I really just caused a horrible, horrible blackout. it was like I went under anesthesia and then just like woke up." They said that seeing the footage play back when the premiere aired was like "watching someone else." She's currently weening off the medication and working on their drinking.
Olympios also shed light on their reasoning for calling themselves a victim. "I was really a victim of the media. All of a sudden people became an expert on the situation on what happened and it was like, I'm still trying to figure out exactly what happened." There is no bad blood between them and Jackson, they said, or with the show's producers, who sparked the controversy. Adding, "I would hope that if a producer saw anything that they were uncomfortable with with anyone, they would do the proper investigations to make sure everyone was safe."
EXCLUSIVE: @CorinneOly in their first live interview. What they say really happened on set of #BachelorInParadise. https://t.co/jGJ0mfxdGD pic.twitter.com/2HbpyKdJb6 — Good Morning America (@GMA) August 29, 2017
Ahead of their tell-all chat, THR spoke to the Miami business owner below about how they are feeling ahead of their big TV return, what their post-Paradise chapter looks like and how they have pushed through the stress of being at the center of a media storm.
Why was it important for you to tell your side of the story to Harrison in your upcoming sit-down?
I just feel like the media was trying to paint me a certain way. Everyone thought they knew what happened. It's going to be really great finally being able to tell my side of things, through my eyes. I'm really happy it was with Chris because Chris is a good friend of mine so I'd rather interview with them than anyone else.
How has your Bachelor franchise experience influenced your next chapter?
I've had many different experiences with The Bachelor, all positive. There was a setback, but everything just comes from me and how I'm feeling, and I always try to come out being the best that I can be — the best Corinne that I can be. I really just follow my heart and not let anything else get in the way.
What have you been doing since production shut down to help alleviate stress?
A lot of yoga. A lot of therapy. Just family time. I got a puppy.
Who has been your greatest support system in the past few months, since leaving Paradise?
My mom actually came out here from Miami. My dad's been coming back and forth, but my mom's been with me now 10 weeks today. My sister just left to Miami. They have school. We're a really close family.
Are you watching this season of Bachelor in Paradise?
I actually watched the first episode, and then I've just been traveling. So unfortunately that's it. [The first episode replayed the interactions between Olympios and Jackson leading up to the shutdown.]
Bachelor in Paradise airs Monday and Tuesday at 8 p.m. on ABC.
Aug. 29, 6 a.m.: Updated with GMA interview.
It's a marathon, not a sprint. For many, if not most of us, the thought of actively looking for a new job can bring out an [internal] eye-rolling, procrastinating and tantrum-on-the-floor knee-jerk reaction. I'm no exception. When I was laid off earlier this year I was forced to face this head on.
One of the ways I dealt with potential avoidance and procrastination was to commit to record the “stats.” What does this mean? To me, it meant keeping careful track of every job I applied for, including any responses and additional follow-up related to each one of these. Plus, believe it or not, I knew I was going to write this post. My hope is that by reading about my journey, it might help you determine what you might expect and it might give you hope. I also want to say thanks to all my supporters and cheerleaders, with special thanks to Andrés, Lisa, Kari, Mario, Toño, Alberto, Adam, Tim and Susan.
Now, for the numbers…
I was unemployed for 203 days (6 months and 21 days)
I spent $270 on subscriptions to various job sites
I applied to 103 qualified jobs (I think they were all online). I have to pause here to explain a bit… “Qualified” jobs: these are not just any job listing in my career specialty, but jobs that I vetted and felt that (a) I was qualified for, (b) met most or all of my career objectives, and (c) I had a chance at landing. I did not keep track of those that did not make the cut. There were probably thousands.
Now, thinking about the qualified jobs I applied to…
I got absolutely no response to 42% of submissions. That's right, not even an email saying: “we got your application!” Over 4 out of 10 times employers couldn't be bothered to respond to an application submission for a job they had posted online. In 5-10 cases, I got a response weeks or months after my submission. And in at least 2 cases that I can remember, I got a “no thanks” response within minutes of submission.
That's right, not even an email saying: “we got your application!” Over 4 out of 10 times employers couldn't be bothered to respond to an application submission for a job they had posted online. In 5-10 cases, I got a response weeks or months after my submission. And in at least 2 cases that I can remember, I got a “no thanks” response within minutes of submission. Of those that sent me responses, 86% sent me a “closure” communication. As you can imagine, almost all of these were of the “we decided to pursue other candidates” variety.
Regarding contact with actual people…
Only about 1 of every 6 submissions resulted in some kind of follow-up with a real person (excluding automated email). Most of the time, the follow-ups were emails leading to a screening interview (talking to someone in HR, not the hiring manager).
(excluding automated email). Most of the time, the follow-ups were emails leading to a screening interview (talking to someone in HR, not the hiring manager). I had 6 positions that I ended up interviewing for (or about 6%) from my submissions.
Regarding job opportunities that I learned about from contacts… There were six positions that I learned about from contacts (friends or business acquaintances). In all six instances, they introduced me to the hiring manager, resulting in an interview with all six. Which means, 100% of the leads I got from contacts resulted in an interview.
My advice to you:
Don't follow only a single source of leads. Look through job boards, contact friends and acquaintances, do whatever you can think of to get informed.
Look through job boards, contact friends and acquaintances, do whatever you can think of to get informed. Spend at least as much time working with your contacts and networking as other, more impersonal methods (like job boards). Job leads from contacts are much more likely to get results than job boards.
Job leads from contacts are much more likely to get results than job boards. Have a group of people that can provide support. Whether it's new ideas for your job search or providing emotional support, they are key. If you're not sure how to do this, ask for help (friends, family, etc.). LinkedIn and other social media channels also have chat groups for people looking for jobs.
Whether it's new ideas for your job search or providing emotional support, they are key. If you're not sure how to do this, ask for help (friends, family, etc.). LinkedIn and other social media channels also have chat groups for people looking for jobs. Keep your chin up. Having a positive attitude and outlook is perceived more positively than a bitter, sad, or desperate frame of mind.
For some time, I've liked the quote from Maya Angelou: “Hoping for the best, prepared for the worst, and unsurprised by anything in between.” While difficult to achieve, it was one of my reminders to buckle up when I began to despair. Remember: it's a marathon, not a sprint. If you are looking for a job: best of luck.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
My name is Giovanni Riggioni, a 15-year research professional passionate about finding answers. I write for catharsis and share to help others with their own research, job hunts, and personal & business growth.
My management team was bickering. Two managers in particular: Leo and Vincent. Both of their projects were fine. Both of their teams were producing, but in any meeting where they were both representing their teams, they just started pushing each other's buttons. Every meeting on some trivial topic:
Leo: “Vincent, are you on track to ship the tool on Wednesday?”
Vincent: “We're on schedule.”
Leo: “For Wednesday?”
Vincent: “We'll hit our schedule.”
Leo: “Wednesday?”
Endless passive aggressive verbal warfare. Two type A personalities who absolutely hated to be told what to do. My 1:1s with each of them were productive meetings and when I brought up the last Leo'n'Vincent battle of the wills, they immediately started pointing at their counterpart: “I really don't know what their problem is.”
I do. They didn't trust each other.
On the Topic of Trust
There's a question out there regarding how close you want to get with your co-workers in your job. There's a camp out there that employs a policy of “professional distance”. This camp believes it is appropriate to keep those they work with at arm's length.
The managerial reason here is more concrete than the individual reasoning. Managers are representatives or officers of the company and, as such, may be asked to randomly enforce the will of the business. Who gets laid off? Why doesn't this person get a raise? How much more does this person get? Profession distance or not, these responsibilities will always give managers an air of otherness.
Here's my question: do you or do you not want to be the person someone trusts when they need help? Manager or not, do you see the act of someone trusting you as fitting with who you are?
Yes, there's a line that needs to be drawn between you and your co-workers, but artificially distancing yourself from the people you spend all day every day with seems like a good way to put artificial barriers between yourself the people you need to get your job done.
Is that who you are or who you want to work for?
The topic of trust is where I draw a line in both my personal and management philosophy. My belief is that a team built on trust and respect is vastly more productive and efficient than the one where managers are distant supervisors and co-workers are 9-to-5 people you occasionally see in meetings. You're not striving to be everyone's pal; that's not the goal. The goal is a set of relationships where there is a mutual belief in each other's reliability, truth, ability, and strengths.
It's awesome.
And it's something you can build with a card game.
BAB
It's pronounced how you think. Rhymes with crab. It's an acronym for a game which, with practice, will knit your team together in unexpected ways. It's Back Alley Bridge. Here are the rules, but before I explain why this game is a great team building exercise, you need to understand a few of the rules.
BAB isn't bridge. The game does have a few important similarities. First, it's a game for four players, involving two teams — the folks facing each other are on the same team and share their score. Second, it's a trick-based game where the goal is for each team to get as many tricks as possible. A trick is won when each player turns up a card and the highest wins, unless someone plays a trump suit, which, in the case of BAB, is always spades.
Bidding. Also like bridge, BAB has bidding, meaning each team bids how many tricks they think they're going to get after the cards have been dealt. Scoring is optimized to reward teams who get the number of tricks they bid and heavily punishes those who don't get their bid. Bidding is a blind team effort — you have no idea what your teammate has in their hand other than what you can infer from their bid.
Decreasing hand count. Unlike bridge, the number of cards each player gets decreases with each hand. Each player gets 13 cards in the first hand, 12 in the second, and so on. Play continues down to a single card and then heads back up to 13. A work-friendly modification I've made is to only play every other hand (13-11-9, etc.) This number of hands fits nicely into a lunch hour.
Hail Mary. There are two special bids: Board and Boston. A bid of Board indicates the team is going to take every single trick. A board of Boston indicates the team intends to take the first six. Achieving a Board or Boston can be an impressive feat and is rewarded handsomely from a scoring perspective. Failure results in a scoring beat-down. Both of these special bids allow for wild variances in the score, which can be handy for teams who are falling behind.
Scoring, game play, and other information are in the complete rules. Now, let me explain why I picked this game as a recurring weekly lunch meeting.
In BAB, you talk shit. I've landed BAB in three different teams now and in each case, the amount of trash talking that showed up once players became comfortable with the game was impressive. This is a function of my personality, but it's also a byproduct of any healthy competition amongst bright people. It's also a sign of a healthy team. I'll explain.
Trash talking is improvisational critical thinking — it's the art of building comedy in the moment with only the immediate materials provided. As I'm looking for candidates for my next BAB game, I'm looking for two things: who will be able to talk trash and who needs to receive it?
The art in talking trash is the careful exploration of the edges of truth. When someone effectively lays it down, they say something honest and slightly uncomfortable. The ever-present risk with trash talking is when that line is crossed. It's that one thing that is said that goes too far and offends, but it's the presence of that line which makes talking trash so much fun.
It's these honest and dangerous observations that form the basis of trust. When a co-worker makes a big observation about you and shares it with the other players, you take note – someone is watching. It sounds problematic, but remember, we're just sitting here playing cards. It's safe.
In a new BAB game, it takes players time to get used to the trash talking, especially in a situation like Leo and Vincent's. Adversarial co-workers playing on the same team need to learn to ditch the business for the game. They need to understand there is a relationship outside of the daily work and there's nothing like a comedic verbal beat-down to remind them to lighten up.
In BAB, you learn things unintentionally. Once you've got an established game with regular players who all know the rules, you'll learn two things: people get better at trash talking with practice, and information travels in unpredictable ways in groups of people.
It goes like this:
Player #1: “I bid 3.”
Player #2: “I bid 1.”
Player #3: “Pass.”
Player #4: “Kevin's quitting. I'm sure of it.”
Player #1: “Yeah, I know.”
Player #2: “Sucks to be you.”
Out of nowhere, in the middle of the game, you're suddenly assessing the departure of a co-worker. I see this as a sign of a thriving, healthy BAB game because the team has begun to trust each other more. In the safety of the game, they're letting the worries of the moment spill onto the table for all to see, which is impressive, since everyone knows that anything on the table at BAB is fair game for talking shit.
In BAB, you're having work experiences without the work. Relationships need time to bake. Trust doesn't magically appear; it's cautiously built over time via shared experience. The majority of these experiences are created during the regular work day and I'm certain there are a great many healthy professional relationships that are defined and maintained in this manner, but I want my teams closer. I'm not suggesting group hugs and voices united singing Kumbaya. I'm looking for each team member to have the opportunity to understand each other slightly more than what they see when they're at work.
The more you understand how your co-workers tick, the better you're able to work with them. You'll stop seeing them as the role, the title, or the keeper of a particular political agenda. They are just… Phillip. And you know what I know about Phillip? He's the manager who used to wait too long to speak in a meeting. They had plenty to say that mattered, but they used to be too shy to say it.
Two months of trash talking over BAB showed me their reservations, so I learned to pull Phillip into the meeting conversations as quickly as possible. After a few pulls, they started to do it himself. After a few weeks, you couldn't get them to shut up.
The Second Staff Meeting
The inspiration for the game came from a regularly scheduled bridge game at Netscape, and there's nothing special about BAB that makes it the perfect lunchtime game. I chose BAB because a team-based game that fits nicely in a lunch hour.
You bet I maneuvered Leo and Vincent onto the same team for weeks on end. There was no magical moment during one game where they suddenly understood each other. Leo and Vincent continued to bicker in meetings, but over time the tone changed from the passive aggressive to the playful talking of trash. They turned competition into something healthy and fun.
In the safe competition that is BAB, you learn not only how to work better together by understanding that winning doesn't always mean hitting your dates, getting paid, or receiving a promotion. Winning can be a simple, playful thing, “We were awesome as we kicked your ass.”
More importantly, BAB is a regular forum for experiencing that relationships are not defined just by the work we do together, but who we become with each other when we aren't looking.
×
Even with virtual currency's notorious growing pains, a “bitcoin economy” that promises to challenge, excite, and worry CIOs and other business leaders continues to develop and expand.
Despite an explosion in media coverage, bitcoin, litecoin, and other virtual currencies are still widely misunderstood. Every day, news articles describe exchange meltdowns, price volatility, and government crackdowns related to bitcoin. This focus on bitcoin as a volatile and even renegade currency may be distracting governments and businesses from addressing its potential long-term significance as a disruptive new money technology.
Bitcoin is more than just a new way to make purchases. It is a protocol for exchanging value over the Internet without an intermediary like a bank or a credit card company. Although much has been written about the payment applications supported by bitcoin, including remittances, micropayments, and donations, it has the potential to disrupt all manner of systems related to property transfers, the execution of contracts, and other transactions that rely on intermediaries.
As the bitcoin ecosystem evolves and more use cases emerge, the public and private sectors will face challenges, opportunities, and responsibilities related to it. Governments may need to write new regulations and even new laws to accommodate bitcoin, while corporations may need to incorporate bitcoin into their strategic planning. Bitcoin could ultimately revolutionize the way we conduct business and think about work. The sooner the public and private sectors understand its potential, the better prepared they will be to mitigate the risks and capture the benefits afforded by bitcoin and other virtual currencies.
Bitcoin 101
Though users may acquire bitcoins in any number of ways—e.g. transactions, gifts, etc.—many new users purchase their first bitcoins with U.S. dollars or other hard currencies at special online exchanges. The network that makes it possible for users to transfer their coins to another party as part of a transaction is based on a shared public ledger system known as the block chain, which contains a record of every transaction ever processed. Much like a bank uses its own internal systems to record and process financial transactions, bitcoin's block chain uses a peer-to-peer network of personal computers owned by select group of users called “miners” who process and validate all transactions using cryptography.
Miners' computers are fitted with special hardware and software that “listen” for transactions taking place within the greater bitcoin network. To process and ultimately record these transactions in the block chain, miners verify two facts already addressed by current payment systems such as credit cards. The first is that when User A transfers a bitcoin to User B, User A has a bitcoin to spend (thus preventing counterfeiting). The second is that when User A transfers a bitcoin to User B, User A is not simultaneously transferring the same bitcoin to an additional User C (thus preventing double spending).
In return for allowing their computers to be used this way, miners are rewarded with—you guessed it—bitcoins.
Click here or on graphic to enlarge.
An ecosystem of companies is emerging to support consumers and retailers in storing, exchanging, and accepting bitcoins for goods and services:
Digital banks and wallet providers store bitcoins for users either online or on storage devices not connected to the Internet, known as “cold storage”
Exchanges provide access to the bitcoin protocol by exchanging traditional currencies for bitcoins and vice versa
Payment processers support merchants in accepting bitcoins for goods and services
Financial service providers support bitcoin through insurance or bitcoin-inspired financial instruments
What Differentiates Bitcoin as a Money Technology?
Bitcoin has three qualities that distinguish it from other currencies and payment systems.
First, unlike current payment systems, bitcoin is peer to peer, transferring value directly over the Internet without an intermediary. As a result, bitcoin has been referred to as “Internet cash”, as it can be exchanged from person to person much like paper currency today.
Second, bitcoin is open, yet securely authenticated. Traditional payment systems rely on the privacy of transaction information to maintain security. For example, the compromise of a credit card transaction can result in the release of valuable information that can be used to conduct future transactions. In comparison, bitcoin relies on cryptography. As every transaction is validated by the network of miners, bitcoin functions because of its openness, not despite it.
Third, bitcoin is self-propelling. Bitcoin uses its own product, bitcoins, to reward or “pay” miners who serve as the engine of the system. As a result, the system requires far less overhead than traditional payment systems. In this sense, it functions because of those participating in the system.
These three characteristics largely explain bitcoin's appeal, enabling a nearly frictionless global payment system. However, these same factors have also created risks and deterrents.
Next up: In the second article in this two-part series, we examine security, volatility, and regulatory challenges bitcoin and other virtual currencies may face on the path to wider adoption.
—This article was adapted from Bitcoin: Fact. Fiction. Future., by Tiffany Wan, senior consultant, and Max Hoblitzell, consultant, Deloitte Consulting LLP. The original article was developed under the direction of Shrupti Shah, director, Deloitte Consulting LLP's GovLab program.
In the present study, we explored the hypothesis that, in anorectic patients, even small differences of abdominal fat, measured as trunk fat by dual energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DEXA), 12 might be responsible for dramatic variations in IS.
In the literature, there is a large amount of data regarding the endocrine and metabolic changes associated with AN, mostly representing physiological adaptation to starvation, and their reversal after refeeding, resulting in many being considered as indices of the acute phase of disease. 3 , 4 Nonetheless, weight loss and gain clearly affect fat content, and it is well known that fat content largely influences insulin sensitivity (IS). It is known that prolonged starvation causes changes in body composition with loss of fat and lean masses 5 while nutritional recovery may result in significant changes in the regional redistribution of fat mass, the abdominal area being the largest site of lipid storage. 6 As elegantly demonstrated by Mayer et al. 7 by magnetic resonance imaging, weight gain in AN is associated with an increase in visceral and intramuscular fat depots, closely resembling the detrimental fat distribution of patients affected by several metabolic disorders associated with insulin resistance. Nevertheless, previous studies of IS in patients with AN provided contradictory results, finding insulin action to be normal, 8 increased 9 , 10 or decreased 11 . These controversial results could be related to the different techniques used to evaluate IS, to the evaluation of insulin sensitive tissues on body mass index (BMI) rather than actual body composition and to different clinical conditions (losing or gaining weight) of the studied subjects. 8 , 10
Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a psychiatric eating disorder, affecting mostly female adolescents and is characterized by self‐induced weight loss, body image distortion and obsessive fear of gaining weight. AN is characterized by two types of eating behaviours: restricting or binging–purging. The prevalence ranges from 0·3 to 1%, 1 and the all‐cause mortality related to the disease is high. 2
The sample size was calculated using ‘Power and Sample Size' software, version 2.1.25 (Biostat, Englewood, NJ, USA). Based on the research design and strategy, sample size was calculated using Two Means Formula with 90% power of study. The minimum requirement for each group was 16 patients.
Statistical analysis was carried out using BIOSTAT 2008 5.4.0.0 (AnalystSoft Inc., Alexandria, VA, USA). Data are expressed as mean ± SD. After checking that variables were normally distributed, we performed one‐way analysis of variance (anova) to determine statistical differences in continuous variables between the two groups of anorectic patients, categorized on the basis of disease stage (acute and recovery group) and between these and the control group. A Tukey's HSD was used as a post hoc test. A linear correlation between variables, in the groups of anorectic patients, was described using Pearson's correlation coefficients.
Body composition was determined by DEXA. All DEXA measurements were performed by trained staff in the Department of Medical Imaging using a DPX (Lunar Corp, Madison, WI, USA) total body scanner in fast scan mode. The total body scan takes approximately 10 min and involves a very low radiation dose of approximately 0·02 μSv. The precision for this technique in vivo as assessed at the hospital is 1·59% for percentage fat body mass and 0·82% for lean body mass. Fat mass was calculated for the whole body and for the trunk and leg regions. Trunk and leg fat were defined using standard regional settings as previously described by Ley et al. 12
Plasma glucose concentrations were determined by glucose oxidase technique, using a glucose analyzer (Beckman Instruments, Palo Alto, CA, USA). Insulin was measured by an enzyme chemiluminescence immunoassay (ECLIA; Roche Products Ltd, Modular E, Penzberg, Germany, intra‐assay and interassay coefficients of variation were, respectively 4·5–7·2%, and 3·2–6·0%).
All patients underwent an oral glucose tolerance test and, 1 week later, IS was tested by a hyperinsulinaemic euglycaemic clamp (HEC) with a basal continuous insulin infusion at a dose of 40 mU/m 2 /min. The clamp test was performed after a 12‐h overnight fast, as previously described 15 - 17 . Whole‐body glucose uptake was assessed as milligrams of glucose metabolized per kilogram of body weight per minute during the steady state (2nd hour of the clamp).
Anthropometric parameters were determined according to standard procedures. 14 Height was measured, to the nearest 0·1 cm, with a wall‐mounted stadiometer. Weight was recorded to the nearest 0·01 kg by using a calibrated computerized digital balance. BMI was calculated as the weight (kg) divided by the square of height (m 2 ).
None of the subjects included in the study had any allergies or had taken any medication for at least 3 weeks prior to the study. The weight of both groups (weight‐recovery and acute) was stable for at least 15 days before the study (as assessed by clinical report), and the anorectic patients had not fasted during the 3 days before the study. The controls were weight stable at least for 3 months before the study. They were not dieting or performing regular exercise. All anorectic patients were amenorrhoeic, and the control subjects were within 5 days after the last menstrual bleed. All participants provided informed consent prior to participating in the study. The project was in accordance with the ethical standards of our responsible institutional committee on human experimentations.
Forty women with a restrictive type of, recruited between March 2008 and October 2010 in the Division of Endocrinology, were divided according to the stage of disease as ‘weight‐recovery group' ( n = 21) and ‘acute group' ( n = 19) and compared with 20 control subjects matched for age but without any history of eating disorder, recruited from among the students and personnel of our University. Weight recovery was defined as an increase in weight more than 10% from the lowest reached weight. Weight recovery was attained through a multidisciplinary, re‐educational programme of at least 12 weeks. The anorectic patients underwent medical and psychiatric evaluation: all of them met the diagnostic criteria for AN as presented in the 4th edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM‐IV). 13 All subjects, including controls, were Caucasian and ranged in age from 17 to 32 years.
We compared the anorectic patients with age‐matched controls and found that the weight‐recovery group had lower (in absolute terms) but higher percentage of adipose tissue localized in the trunk than the controls (47·7 ± 8·4 vs 33·4 ± 7·6; P ≤ 0·01) ( Fig. 3 , Panel a). In addition, the weight‐recovery group displayed a lower whole‐body glucose uptake than controls (4·7 ± 1·5 vs 7·7 ± 1·4 mg/kg/min; P ≤ 0·01) ( Fig. 3 , Panel b). On the other hand, we did not notice any difference in terms of percentage of trunk fat mass and glucose uptake between the anorectic patients in the acute phase of disease and controls (7·8 ± 1·6 vs 7·7 ± 1·4 mg/kg/min).
The two groups of anorectic patients were similar in age and duration of disease; however, weight‐recovery anorectic patients had lower glucose uptake and a higher percentage of fat mass in the trunk (all P < 0·05 or less). A linear negative correlation was found between glucose uptake and the percentage of trunk fat in weight‐recovery and acute groups ( r = −0·51; P = 0·04 and r = −0·53; P = 0·04 respectively) ( Fig. 1 ) and in the entire group of anorectic patients ( r = −0·51; P = 0·04; Fig. 2 ), while there was no correlation between glucose uptake and BMI ( r = −0·08; P = NS).
Table 1 reports the clinical and biochemical characteristics of the two groups of anorectic patients divided according to the stage of disease: weight‐recovery group (weight >10% above baseline), acute group and control group. The glucose tolerance test showed normal glucose tolerance in all subjects according to ADA criteria. 18
Discussion
Anorexia nervosa is a common psychiatric eating disorder associated with high morbidity and mortality2 and with medical complications related not only to the acute alterations seen in the disease but also to the chronic complications that may persist into adult life.19 Among these, the major fat loss during starvation and the (almost exclusive) restorage in the abdominal region7, 20 might cause severe metabolic derangements. As is well known, visceral adipose tissue is considered to be a major factor in the pathogenesis and clustering of important metabolic alterations (eventually resulting in the metabolic syndrome) and represents a cardiovascular risk factor in the long term. While overall adipose tissue is largely reduced in AN, the possible atrophy of subcutaneous fat pads (secondary to chronic under nutrition) might divert even small increases in fat content (secondary to refeeding) to other tissues, with large variations in fat content and distribution;21 this should indeed cause severe insulin resistance.
Nevertheless, available data on IS in And are conflicting.5, 8 These conflicting results may be partially related to different techniques used to measure IS (mostly indirect indices)22, 23 as well as to a possible wide range of body composition, which might reflect the variations in terms of lean and fat mass ratio24, 25 related to different phases of the disease.
Thus, we aimed to assess IS in anorectic patients by HEC, considered the gold standard to directly measure IS, and to correlate IS with fat distribution and stage of disease.
As acute changes in fluids and electrolytes might affect insulin effects on glucose metabolism, we decided to include in the study only patients with restrictive AN, excluding all binging‐purging patients.
In our study, we found a decrease in whole‐body glucose disposal in the weight‐recovery group as compared to the control and acute groups. We did not find any difference in terms of IS between acute group and controls. Although the study is cross‐sectional, it appears logical to hypothesize that, in our restrictive anorectic patients, refeeding turned normal IS to insulin resistance.
Previous studies evaluating IS in AN patients have reported different results: Pannacciulli et al.11 studied a cohort of adolescent and young adult women with AN, as compared with normal‐weight healthy female controls, evaluating IS by our own method and found that anorectic patients had significantly lowed insulin‐stimulated glucose disposal. On the other hand, Zuniga‐Guajardo et al.9 found an increase in IS, again with the hyperinsulinaemic clamp. However, neither group investigated the relationship between IS and body composition and the type of (restrictive or binging‐purging) was not reported or defined.
It might appear surprising that fat weight gain is larger than whole‐body weight gain. However, it should be taken into account that whole‐body weight is mostly determined by water and AN is characterized by large changes in water body. Therefore, measurement of fat mass can be considered as more reliable than whole‐body weight.
We found that the increase in trunk fat percentage was strictly paralleled by a decrease in IS in the recovery group, as compared with controls. Furthermore, we correlated IS with percentage of trunk fat and BMI: interestingly, we found a significant correlation between whole‐body glucose uptake and percentage trunk fat also when considering the entire AN cohort, while no correlation was found with BMI. As hypothesized (and well documented in several other metabolic disorders),26 fat distribution, rather than BMI per se, is the major determinant of IS.
Our data support the hypothesis that IS decreases in the weight‐gaining stage of the disease. In fact, anorectic patients with weight recovery showed an increased percentage of trunk adiposity that may be responsible for the onset of insulin resistance. These results closely resemble what is usually observed in lipodystrophic patients27 in which the absence of subcutaneous fat depots diverts all lipid excess to other tissues, causing insulin resistance; our data allow us to hypothesize that anorectic patients lose most of the subcutaneous adipose tissue during the acute phase of disease, thus losing the ability to store (and eventually restore) fat in the subcutaneous compartment. Thus, during refeeding, the storage of fat occurs mainly in the visceral compartment and other tissues; these in turn will become responsible for the onset of insulin resistance.
It is clinically noteworthy that BMI is not a true index of the metabolic state in patients with AN, contrary to patients with metabolic syndrome and diabetes. Thus, to obtain a true metabolic index, the evaluation of body fat distribution appears to be more accurate than BMI, at least in these patients. The presence of trunk fat and insulin resistance in recovering (refeeding) anorectic patients leads us to conclude that a true and complete lifestyle change (including a balanced diet and appropriate physical exercise, with their consequences on fat distribution) is needed to consider this important disease cured.
I got a bit behind on my work yesterday, so I'll be brief. Yesterday, the James Randi Educational Foundation (JREF) announced its annual Pigasus Awards. Sadly, each and every year, there are far more "deserving" candidates than there are awards to give. However, this year marks something awesome, namely the first time the prize has been awarded to someone who has become such a major focus of this blog over the last year and a half. We're talking Stanislaw Burzynski, who's for the first time won an award that they actually richly deserves:
The Pigasus Award in the Scientist Category goes to Houston biochemist and physician Stanislaw Burzynski, who sells expensive cancer cures by administering “antineoplastons,” costing their customers tens of thousands of dollars, and which have never been shown to be efficacious in controlled trials. Their cancer therapy is not FDA approved. Despite their many customers to whom they sell their so-called “cancer cure,” they have never published the final results of a single clinical trial. The FDA has sent their clinic warning letters about their unsafe research methods and is currently investigating possible violations of rules meant to protect research subjects, including children.
You'll be hearing a lot more about Burzynski, probably next week. In the meantime, one can't help but note that an old "friend," that TV peddler of quackery extraordinaire, Dr. Mehmet Oz won yet again, this time the Pigasus Award for Refusal to Face Reality:
The Pigasus Award for Refusal to Face Reality goes to Dr. Mehmet Oz, the Harvard-trained cardiologist who hosts The Dr. Oz Show on broadcast television, one of the most popular syndicated television shows in America. The only person to have won a Pigasus Award two years in a row, they win a third time this year for their continued promotion of quack medical practices, paranormal belief and pseudoscience, including pseudoscientific Reparative Therapy to "cure" gay people, the “energy-healing practice” of Reiki as a way to cure disease, various TV psychics and mediums such as Theresa Caputo and John Edward, faith healers such as "John of God," GMO conspiracy theories, and any number of new quack diets, herbal remedies, anti-aging cures, and untested “wonder drugs,” among many other pseudoscientific and paranormal claims.
But let Randi themselves tell the story:
Sadly, I look forward to Stanislaw Burzynski winning this award again—unless, of course, the FDA finally succeeds in shutting them down.
Turkey recently proposed that the United States abandon Syrian Kurdistan's People's Protection Units (YPG) and "let us wipe out the Islamic State [IS] jointly with the moderate opposition." Turkey then made its first such move last week at al-Rai, Syria, with a composite force of Turkmens, Free Syrian Army factions and Salafists.
That force took the town with Turkey's support, winning much acclaim, but was trounced four days later when IS retook the city April 11.
As the Syrian army was preparing for a major move at Aleppo with the support of Russia, Iran and Hezbollah, the United States was involved in an operation with the Kurds south of the Euphrates River, and Turkey was hatching its plan against IS north of the Euphrates with the participation of so-called moderate groups. The US goal is to expel IS from the area along the Euphrates before the Syrian army does it. Turkey's goal is to prevent the YPG from entering.
Faced with heavy international pressure to liberate Jarablus and al-Rai from IS, Turkey had two options: allow the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) led by the YPG to conduct operations west of the Euphrates, or push forward to al-Rai and Jarablus with organizations linked to Turkey's National Intelligence Service.
Because Moscow might still retaliate for Turkey's downing of a Russian jet in November, it's no longer an option for Turkey to field its own army and air force in Syria.
There were reports that, during their recent visit to Washington, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan had proposed to President Barack Obama that the United States should not cooperate with the YPG, but consider a joint operation with Turkey and Arab tribes. Media reports in Turkey said the presidents had agreed for the United States to launch an operation at Menbic with the SDF, while leaving the area to the north to the "moderate opposition."
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, referring to the bargaining with the United States, hinted that the Free Syrian Army (FSA) could be shifted to the areas where IS is now in control. “Special forces can guide them. With additional training, cadres could be prepared to command them. The idea is not to send our army in, but to shift the FSA from the northwest toward the IS area. Turkey will provide air and ground support from its side of the border,” they said. “We have the means to do this. This is how the area will be cleansed of IS. We didn't discuss sending Turkish and American soldiers to Syria. We have political agreement on this.”
In line with the road map Cavusoglu spoke about, Turkey gave artillery support to the operation that began April 7, and coalition planes from Incirlik Air Base provided air support. A local source at Elbeyli, on the Turkish side of the strip of land controlled by IS, told Al-Monitor about military activities.
“For a while every evening, people were seen being transported to the border area in buses. … We also saw trucks laden with earth-moving equipment and 4x4 vehicles," the source said. "This was done at night, and because some of the trucks were covered with tarpaulins, we couldn't see their loads. Clashes escalated Saturday night. They brought about 20 wounded to Kilis. Two of them were IS men."
Pro-government media in Turkey reported the developments as a victory of Turkmens, while organizations such as Ahrar al-Sham released their own combat photographs. This move added credibility to Ankara's view that the area can be cleaned of IS without the Kurds.
Turkish media lauded the al-Rai victory as “a success of opposition forces toward establishment of a safe zone,” as Turkey has been advocating. After taking al-Rai, the opposition groups were expected to advance 60 kilometers (37 miles) to Jarablus, which is the most significant logistics hub on Turkey's border.
The euphoria lasted four days — until IS returned with 11 explosive-laden vehicles and routed Turkey's allies.
Not only was al-Rai lost again, but the Azaz-Marea corridor held by Turkey-supported groups came under threat. Turkish media, which had replayed the "safe zone" scenarios, fell mute and then began debating how Turkmen forces had to be reorganized.
Abdurrahman Mustafa, chairperson of the Turkmen Assembly, replied to Al-Monitor's question about why Turkey-backed groups could not hold on to al-Rai: “We have been fighting east of Azaz for the past two years. Daesh's [IS] defense is incredible. The area changed hands so many times. Combat conditions are different here. It is flat land with many villages. Daesh can come from any direction easily with their vehicle-borne bombs. That is why we had to retreat, but we are preparing for new actions.”
They added, “Last week we had the support of planes that took off from Incirlik. This is the first time we had coalition support. Turkey was firing artillery within their rules of engagement any time Kilis was shelled. Those were useful. Turkey's support is within its rules of engagement." According to Mustafa, 25-30 Turkmens fighters were killed.
Another Turkmen official, who did not want to be identified, scorned the Arab allies and the coalition. “The Syrian war is one of treachery. Someone is always shooting Turkmens in the back. We lost al-Rai because of the treachery of militants who had infiltrated Arab groups. Coalition forces did not give sufficient support. As you know, until now, coalition forces have always fired on groups Turkey supports. Turkey's response was limited by its rules of engagement,” the official said.
“The northern corridor is so confusing, we have no idea who is on whose side. There is the risk of losing the Azaz-Marea line. Actually, there is that risk all over because of rampant treachery,” the Turkmen source said, referring to mounting fears that IS — as it did last year — might not stop at al-Rai but press on to Azaz again. “Turkmens pay the heaviest price. We have lost the reins in our area. The process is manipulated by foreign powers. We are now discussing what we can do, whether we can reorganize the Turkmen forces. I don't know how effective we can be."
As this is happening north of the Euphrates, the Menbic operation that SDF was going to carry out with the United States was delayed.
“We are not yet ready for the operation,” Zuhat Kobani, an official with the Kurdish nationalist Democratic Union Party, told Al-Monitor. Another Kurdish source said, “There are issues to be cleared up about the Menbic operation. The United States and Turkey have not yet agreed on this matter.”
Turkey's tactical moves designed to keep the YPG away from the area are impeding a real and meaningful struggle against IS. The expectation is that if the Kurds and their Arab allies move against Menbic, Turkey will arrange for a repeat of the al-Rai offensive.
If the Syrian army succeeds in the “Great Aleppo War,” the northern front will be even more complicated, so much so that even Turkey won't be able to cope with it. Then, the “with Kurds or without Kurds” debate will become irrelevant.
Extending musicians' copyright term from 50 to 70 years is a step in the right direction. But none of it will matter until the European parliament gets serious about copyright enforcement
No one can accuse the European parliament of moving too fast. Three years ago I wrote about the European commission's attempts to bring the copyright term of sound recordings in line with the US – where the duration of copyright is 95 years from first publication – and with songwriters' copyright term. In 2009, the European parliament adopted the directive of extending the term from 50 to 70 years, but it wasn't until Monday that it voted through the legislation – and it still won't be implemented until 2014.
The unfortunately named "Cliff's law" will, however, make less of a difference to artists such as Paul McCartney and Cliff Richards than it will for smaller artists and session musicians in Europe who have worked all their lives but never had access to a company pension scheme. After all, session players only get (tiny) royalties from public performances of their work, such as radio – not from sales.
No musicians demand to get paid for work they've done that no one is interested in. But if the copyright term ends after 50 years, their music could be used to sell products in commercials or be used in political campaigns for, say, the BNP without them being able to prevent it.
Often when royalties and copyright are discussed, people say: "I only get paid once for my work, why should musicians get paid for the rest of their lives for work they did when they were 20 years old?" What they don't understand is that musicians spend thousands of unpaid hours working on and developing their music. They only get paid if the music is used or bought – I can't think of a fairer system than that – and they receive their money in micro-payments (sometimes less than a penny) that hopefully will add up to a living wage. The majority of Musicians' Union members make less than £16,000 a year. No one I know became a musician for the money, but if their music is played around the world all through their lives (the brass section on All You Need Is Love, for example) they deserve to not live in poverty.
I'm pleased the European parliament understands the reality facing musicians. The terms of its directive include "a substantial new fund for session musicians from record company revenues in the extended term", a requirement for labels to ensure all recordings are commercially available, failing which the artist will be entitled to release their recordings themselves, and a "clean slate" for featured artists, writing off any unrecouped advances so artists receive full royalties in the extended term.
However, I don't think the directive went far enough. "Full royalties" for many artists signed in the 50s, 60s and the 70s, can be as low as 5%. I would have liked to see copyright revert to the artist from the label after 50 years.
A US copyright law, which came into effect in 1978, gives artists and songwriters control of their master recordings andcompositions after 35 years under "termination rights". Record labels and publishers aren't always happy with this and often argue that artists are "workers for hire" and therefore have no rights to any share ownership of the recordings. In a recent interview with Rolling Stone magazine, Don Henley pointed out the flaws of this argument: "They don't provide health insurance for us. They don't pay social security for us. They don't withhold taxes from our royalty checks. They don't provide us a place of employment. It's a real stretch for the record companies to claim we're employees. We're independent contractors." They don't provide any pension scheme either.
Yet when technocrats protest about European copyright extension, it's worth pointing out that copyright, in effect, lasts for less than a day. As soon as a record is released, often before that even happens, it's available on illegal downloading and streaming sites from which the hosts earn advertising money and, sometimes, subscription fees, while artists, producers, session players and songwriters earn nothing. Until the European parliament does something about copyright enforcement this new directive will mean little for the artists it aims to protect.
Lower potassium levels in the blood may help explain why African-Americans are twice as likely to be diagnosed with type 2 diabetes as whites, according to a new study by Johns Hopkins researchers.
The findings, if confirmed, suggest that part of diabetes prevention may someday prove as easy as taking a cheap potassium supplement.
"This research doesn`t mean people should run out and start taking potassium supplements," says Hsin-Chieh "Jessica" Yeh, Ph.D., an assistant professor of medicine at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and an author of the study, which appears in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition. "But we now know lower serum potassium is an independent risk factor for diabetes and that African-Americans have, on average, lower potassium levels than whites. What remains to be seen is if increasing potassium levels through diet or supplementation can prevent the most common form of diabetes."
Yeh and their colleagues analyzed data from more than 12,000 participants in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study (ARIC), information collected from 1987 and 1996. The more than 2,000 African-Americans in the study had lower average serum potassium levels than the more than 9,000 whites in the study, and they were twice as likely to develop type 2 diabetes. The incidence of diabetes among study participants went up as potassium levels went down.
Type 2 diabetes affects more than 8 percent of Americans, or 23.6 million people, and the burden of the disease falls disproportionately on African-Americans. Many factors are thought to contribute to the greater prevalence of diabetes in African-Americans, including differences in socioeconomic status, diet, obesity and genetics. But researchers say these do not account for the entire disparity.
Serum potassium, Yeh and their colleagues found, appears to be a novel risk factor for the disorder that may explain some of the racial disparity in diabetes risk, and one that may be as important as obesity. A recent study found that the racial disparity in diabetes prevalence has widened the most in normal-weight and overweight people rather than the obese, suggesting that additional factors other than weight contribute to the risk.
Yeh notes that low potassium levels have been linked in healthy people to higher insulin and higher glucose levels — two hallmarks of diabetes.
Previous studies have shown that African-Americans get less potassium in their diets than whites in the United States, on average just half of the government recommended 4,700 milligrams per day. Potassium comes from many sources such as bananas, melons, lentils and yogurt.
Determining whether a patient is potassium deficient would be simple to do, Yeh says, as part of a basic set of metabolic tests routinely ordered by primary care doctors.
Yeh says they would like to see clinical trials developed to examine whether manipulating potassium levels — either through diet changes or the addition of supplements — would reduce diabetes risk for some groups.
"That is to be determined," Yeh says. But "if this works," they add, "this would be a very low-cost, practical way to prevent diabetes."
Source: Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions Press Release
Originally posted by DiabetesCare.net on March 15, 2011.
Cancer and Reproductive Harm- Cancer and Reproductive Harm- www.P65Warnings.ca.gov
Kimber Custom Two-Tone II 1911 Pistols combine precision craftsmanship with hair-splitting accuracy. Stainless steel match-grade barrels and bushings are held to exacting tolerances for superior consistency, and the crisp aluminum match-grade triggers ship from the factory at 4-5 lbs. High-grade internal parts deliver a lifetime of flawless performance. Full-size eye-catching grips, intricate slide serrations and a super-smooth finish make these pistols look just as good as they shoot. Kimber Firing Pin Safety™ adds an extra margin of confidence. Chamber Indicator Port® allows you to see the shell casing through the slot at the rear end of the barrel when a round is chambered. High-ride beavertail grip safety, extended thumb safety, checkered side release and Commander-style hammer. Brushed polished carbon slide, stainless frame and rosewood grips.
It's nothing like the team's injury problems in the first half of the season, but for the first time this fall, United will be affected by an injury. Striker Pablo Campos - who has scored five times in the fall season, the same number as the rest of Minnesota's players put together - will miss tonight's game in Atlanta with an unspecified lower-body injury.
Midfielder Sinisa Ubiparipovic has an ankle injury, and also did not make the trip to Atlanta. Central midfielder Floyd Franks returns to the squad, however, after missing out on last week's game against New York with a hamstring problem.
Goalkeeper Matt Van Oekel was limping around at Thursday's practice, and had an ice bag on their ankle / foot - but is in the travel squad. They shrugged off a question about the ankle, so they may well be good to go for the match tonight.
Four strikers - Mike Ambersley, Max Griffin, Nate Polak, and Travis Wall - are in the eighteen-man squad for tonight's game. If Polak plays, it will be their first appearance for the team since 2012, and their first since being diagnosed with a blood clot in their shoulder early in April.
United on TV
Minnesota announced this week that their final two home games will be televised. Fox Sports North will show the team's 2:30 match against Carolina on October 19, and the 6pm game against Fort Lauderdale the following week will be shown on KSTC.
It's been awhile, but these won't be the first Thunder / Stars / United games on live cable TV. According to United play-by-play announcer Chris Lidholm, the old Thunder had a few games that were broadcast on Midwest Sports Channel around 2000 or 2001, with Wally Shaver doing play-by-play and Lidholm as the sideline reporter.
The various teams have also had many games on North Metro TV (Blaine public access, basically), and online broadcasts have become more and more common as the years have worn on, but still - this will be the widest television availability that Minnesota pro soccer has had for a long, long time.
Thin between the pipes
With Daryl Sattler out for the year with a torn labrum in their hip, and practice keeper Peter McKeown out with a broken ankle, United is a little short for goalkeepers in training right now. Thursday, with Van Oekel limping around, Mitch Hildebrandt was left as as the last man standing.
It almost became a problem in the final drill, when the team worked on finishing chances. Hildebrandt stopped a rocketed close-range shot with their nose, but had to continue - to the cheers and encouragement of the rest of the squad - as the team's only available keeper.
It brought up an interesting question - who would be Minnesota's emergency keeper? It could come up if, somehow, both of the two goalies that are usually in the game-day squad are injured - or if the starter is injured following the team using all three subs.
Apparently, defender Brian Kallman is first in line - followed by anybody else who grew up playing basketball, football, baseball, and all of the rest of our hand-skill sports. "It'd be one of the Americans for sure," said Kevin Friedland.
Following training, with a number of players sticking around to work on long-range shooting, Friedland grabbed an exhausted Hildebrandt's gloves, and stepped in himself. It's a job that the defender / assistant coach / jersey maker / front-office executive hasn't filled before for United - maybe the only one left that they haven't done.
Game details
It's United's final trip to Atlanta this year; the game begins at 6:30pm Central. You can see it, as always, at NASL.com/live.
The Silverbacks, with 13 points, are in sixth place - but already have their spot in the Soccer Bowl wrapped up, as spring champions. The championship will be played November 9 in Atlanta... Striker Ruben Luna, who left the team over the summer to pursue a few opportunities in France, is back with the Silverbacks. Luna has played for the team five times since the beginning of September, scoring once - and missing two penalties.... David La Vaque's gameday preview from today's paper is here.
Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) backed marriage equality years before Hillary Clinton did, but they aren't exactly leading the charge on the issue.
WASHINGTON -- Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has a case of sour grapes over the decision by the Human Rights Campaign, the nation's largest LGBT rights group, to endorse their opponent, Hillary Clinton. They say they don't need their stinking support, and he's got a strong record on gay rights anyway. They do.
But their spokesperson Michael Briggs made the case Tuesday that Sanders has been way ahead of Clinton -- and pretty much everyone -- in advocating same-sex marriage. They pointed to the senator's support for civil unions in their home state of Vermont back in 2000. Those gave couples some of the same legal protections as marriage, but they didn't provide federal benefits and weren't recognized by other states.
Sanders was "a pioneer on this early version of gay marriage and has by far the most exemplary record on gay rights of any candidate ever in American history," Briggs said in an interview with The Washington Blade.
That's not quite right.
Sanders did support civil unions as far back as 15 years ago, but it was for the same reason they opposed the federal Defense of Marriage Act in 1996: their strong belief in state's rights. They aren't advocating for legal marriage for same-sex couples. They actually avoided the subject.
As one Vermont columnist put it in 2000, getting a straight answer from Sanders on gay marriage "was like pulling teeth... from a rhinoceros." In 2006, Sanders said they supported civil unions but not same-sex marriage, again deferring to states.
To be sure, if this is a contest between who came around on marriage equality first, Sanders wins. They backed it four years before Clinton did in 2013. And she's hit bumps along the way, between struggling to call DOMA a mistake (her husband signed it into law, so that's awkward) and their uncomfortable interview in 2014 with NPR's Terry Gross, where they dodged questions about their evolution on the issue. They did, however, do a number of things to help LGBT people during their time as secretary of state.
“There's a common cause that bonds the black United States attorney with the black criminal.” These words, according to Department of Justice whistleblower J. Christian Adams, were uttered by none other than Attorney General Eric Holder. And now another former government official is blowing the whistle — and blowing off some righteous steam — in Holder's direction.  They are ex-FBI Special Agent K. Dee McCown, currently director of Global Security and Loss Prevention at W.W. Grainger, Inc. They have written a damning open letter to the attorney general, confirmed as authentic by Snopes. It's a long missive, but worth the read. It follows:
K. Dee McCown
College Station, Texas
December 28, 2014
Attorney General Eric Holder
U.S. Department of Justice
950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20530-0001
Dear Attorney General Holder,
It is unlikely that we met while I served in the FBI. That being said, we served at the Department of Justice (DOJ) during the same years and on the same “team” conceptually speaking. During my service in the FBI I worked with a number of U.S. Attorney Offices in the United States to include a tour at FBIHQ where I worked with the Department of Justice (Main) on a daily basis.
I begin my letter with this comment to highlight that I am not a bystander on the topic of law enforcement in the United States. I worked and managed a variety of federal investigations during my 12 years of service in the FBI, to include the management of several Civil Rights cases in the State of Texas. In fact, during my last tour in the Bureau, I was an FBI Supervisor responsible for managing federal investigations in nine (9) Texas counties, many of which were rural; in places where one would suspect racism to flourish given the narrative often pushed by Hollywood and urban progressive elites like yourself. I performed this mission diligently and under the close supervision of two FBI managers; an Assistant Special Agent in Charge (ASAC) and Special Agent in Charge (SAC,) both of which happened to be African American and outstanding law enforcement professionals. I also performed this mission serving side by side with a variety of law enforcement agencies at the Federal, State and local level.
I have observed you closely during your tenure as Attorney General and notably during these last tumultuous years; watching you negotiate a number of controversial public matters to include the ATF Fast and Furious scandal, Black Panther Party intimidation at voting booths, IRS targeting of American citizens (citizen groups opposed to the Obama Administration,) the ignoring of US Immigration laws, DOJ criminal indictments of select news reporters and your management of several high profile criminal investigations involving subjects of race, notably African Americans.
Until today, I chose to hold my tongue. However, with the assassination of two NYPD Lieutenants last weekend in New York City, at the hands of a African American man with a lengthy criminal record, fresh from their participation in anti-police activities; coupled with numerous “don't shoot, hands up,” and “black lives matter” anti-police protests (some of which are violent) occurring daily around the nation, I am compelled to write you this letter.
To be blunt Mr. Holder, I am appalled at your lack of leadership as the Attorney General of the United States and your blatant politicizing of the Department of Justice. Your actions, both publicly and privately, have done nothing to quell the complex racial issues we face in our country and have done everything to inflame them. As the “top cop” of the United States, you share in the blame for much of the violence and protests we are now witnessing against law enforcement officers honorably serving throughout our nation.
During one of your first public speeches as Attorney General you made it a point to call America “a nation of cowards” concerning race relations. That speech, followed by other public announcements where you emphatically opined that the odds were stacked against African Americans in regard to the enforcement of law, your intention to change the law and permit convicted felons to vote after incarceration, and your changes to federal law ending “racial profiling,” are poignant examples of how detached you remain from the challenges faced by law enforcement officers serving in crime ridden neighborhoods throughout the nation.
These opinions are also indicative of a man that lives and works in the elitist “bubble” of Washington D.C.
Your performance, as the nation's Attorney General, during the Trayvon Martin case in Sanford, Florida and the Michael Brown case in Ferguson, Missouri clearly highlights your myopic view on this topic. Contrary to your embarrassing prejudgment in the Brown case and evasive post trial remarks on the Martin case, neither Brown nor Martin were targeted and/or killed because of their African American race.
Rather, as non-emotive investigations determined, both teens died as a consequence of their own tragic and egregious behavior; behavior that involved a violent assault on a law abiding citizen in the Trayvon Martin case, and a violent assault on a young police officer in the Michael Brown case. Yet you, as the number one spokesperson for law enforcement in the country, blame the deaths of these men on years of institutional racism and the alleged epidemic targeting of African American men by police departments around the country; nothing could be further from the truth. Following the Michael Brown case Grand Jury decision all you could muster was the following comment: “The Department of Justice is currently investigating not only the shooting but also the Ferguson police department in what is called a “patterns and practices” inquiry to determine if the police department has engaged in systematic racism.”
So, let's get this straight. At a decisive moment in history when our nation required a strong and unbiased voice from its' senior law enforcement official, you Mr. Holder, made it your personal mission to join with other racial antagonist and politicize a tragic event, accusing a young white police officer of a racially motivated killing in what we now know was a justified self-defense shooting of a predatory felon. Your behavior is unbelievable. You sir, have sacrificed your integrity on the altar of political expediency. You, Mr. Holder, are the “coward” and hypocrite you so loudly denounce when speaking of broken race relations in America.
Further to this point Mr. Holder, law enforcement officers around the country remain dismayed and shocked at the counsel you keep; that being your close relationship with none other than Al Sharpton, a racist “shake down artist” who spreads hate, divisiveness and the promotion of anti-law enforcement sentiment throughout the country; a tax evading fraudster who has unbelievably visited the White House over 80 times in recent years. It is simply beyond my comprehension as a former federal law enforcement professional, that you, the Attorney General of the United States, joined arms in common cause with a charlatan like “the Reverend” Al Sharpton; and it speaks volumes to your personal character and lack of professional judgment.
Violent crime, out of wedlock births, drug abuse, rampant unemployment and poverty found in many low-income minority neighborhoods are not a result of racist community policing and racial profiling as you so quickly assert, and frankly most law abiding Americans are exhausted of hearing this false narrative repeated time and again by you and others in the racial grievance industry. While no one, me included, would ever suggest that African Americans have not suffered from institutional racism in the past, I would strongly argue that we no longer live in the Mississippi of 1965, nor do we live in a country that even closely resembles the “Jim Crow” South of yesteryear. Those days, thankfully, are in the past as are the generations of Americans that supported such egregious behavior and endured such suffering.
Rather, Mr. Holder, we live in a day and time where the root cause of many problems faced in our African American communities can be attributed to the breakdown of civil order due to the rejection of institutional and family authority and the practice of counter-culture values; and most notably, from the absence of strong male leadership in fatherless black families. The reason that our local police officers are so often entwined in tragic events in black communities is because it is the police that have filled the void in these communities that should be occupied by moral and strong black men leading family units with Godly values. You, Mr. Holder, especially, should be thanking the police rather than persecuting them for the gap they fill in these communities because if it were not for the intervention of local police many African American neighborhoods would be in a state of total anarchy.
Yet tragically, you and your race-baiting colleague Al Sharpton (a paid media personality under contract with MSNBC news) choose to remain silent because to publicly speak this self-evident truth threatens to not only alienate and offend the most loyal voting constituency of the Democratic Party but diminish your and Al Sharpton's self-serving power base in these suffering communities. God forbid that you would suggest individual citizens accept responsibility for their own behavior and the collective failure of their communities; it is so much easier for you and others like you to make excuses, play the victim card, and pander rather than address the real root causes that plague many low income neighborhoods.
Mr. Holder, the public is aware of FBI statistics that tell a different story than the one you and Sharpton preach. We know that young African American males, representing a tiny fraction of the U.S. population, are by far the greatest perpetrators of violent crime in America when compared to their peers in other ethnic groups, and, we know that citizens of African American descent overwhelmingly make up the majority of their victims. We also know that incidents where white police officers shoot and kill black perpetrators are rare and on the decline. We know further that although there are legitimate and bona fide Federal Civil Rights investigations in the United States worthy of pursuing, they are miniscule when compared to the false narrative portrayed by you, President Obama and Sharpton declaring rampant discrimination against African American men by police officers throughout the country. You are just plain wrong.
In closing Mr. Holder I will leave you with this thought; you were given a rare opportunity to lead with integrity during a variety of divisive and controversial issues during your tenure as the 82d Attorney General of the United States and rather than be a man of moral courage you chose instead to cower, further inflame racial tensions, advance false narratives and play progressive political activist.
Time and again you chose to “politicize” the mission of the Department of Justice rather than pursue justice and now, tragically, we are witnessing the fruits of your irresponsible behavior in the murder of two innocent police officers in New York City, assassinated by a man motivated by the flames of racial hatred that you personally fanned. How many more police officers will be injured or die in the coming days because of the perilous conditions you helped create in this nation. You, President Obama and Al Sharpton own this problem lock, stock and barrel and now it is your legacy.
As thousands of NYPD officers turn their collective back on New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, another dishonest politician and Sharpton disciple, so too do countless Federal law enforcement officers turn our backs on you.
K. Dee McCown
FBI (1997 – 2008)
CC: Senator Mitch McConnell
Senator John Cornyn
Senator Ted Cruz
Senator Harry Reid
The Honorable Bill Flores
The Honorable John Boehner
The Honorable Nancy Pelosi
While McCown has written a tough letter, has they gone far enough? The issue isn't merely that Holder is a “coward” and “hypocrite,” some critics would say — but that he's a hateful bigot. As J. Christian Adams wrote in 2013 (excerpting a passage from a book he'd written) about the attorney general's “race card,” which bore the words of Harlem preacher Reverend Samuel D. Proctor:
What were Proctor's words that Holder found so compelling?
“Blackness is another issue entirely apart from class in America. No matter how affluent, educated and mobile [a black person] becomes, their race defines them more particularly than anything else. Black people have a common cause that requires attending to, and this cause does not allow for the rigid class separation that is the luxury of American whites. There is a sense in which every black man is as far from liberation as the weakest one if their weakness is attributable to racial injustice.”
When asked to explain the passage, Holder replied, “It really says that ... I am not the tall U.S. attorney, I am not the thin United States attorney. I am the black United States attorney. And they were saying that no matter how successful you are, there's a common cause that bonds the black United States attorney with the black criminal or the black doctor with the black homeless person.”
... Holder's explanation of Proctor's quote offers some key insights into our attorney general's worldview. First, being “more particular” than anything else, skin color limits and defines Americans — in other words, race comes first for Holder.
So why did Eric Holder, top law-enforcement official in the land, side with Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown even after it was apparent they were criminals? A belief that they have “common cause” with black criminals certainly would answer that question.
(Hat tip: American Thinker's Thomas Lifson)
Photo of Attorney General Eric Holder: AP Images
Bumblebee Profile Blog Joined August 2010 2733 Posts Last Edited: 2013-08-09 07:44:37 #1 The Signatorium
Hello fellow Team Liquiders and DOTA 2 fans,
My name is Robin Nymann and I am the manager of Team Liquid's DOTA 2 and StarCraft 2 team. When I got here to to Seattle, I thought I had the opportunity do something unique for one of you guys out there; The Signatorium.
The Signatorium is a green book that looks similar to a compendium but it's content is different from the compendium you know.
The content:
Tournament predictions from selected professional players at The International 3.
Signatures from all competing players at The International 3.
competing players at The International 3. Signatures from all casters, incl. the analysis desk, at The International 3.
casters, incl. the analysis desk, at The International 3. Signatures from various Valve staff members, community figures and personalities, Liquid staff and even more.
All digital signatures from The International 3 that can be used to stamp your DOTA 2 items.
digital signatures from The International 3 that can be used to stamp your DOTA 2 items. A Zonkey (The Zebra Courier for DOTA2).
Yet to be determined unique The International 3 in-game DOTA 2 items (courier(s)/hero specific item(s)).
Yao has promised me one of their LGD caps.
Possibly even more...
How do I enter the raffle for The Signatorium?
Follow both @robinnymann and @TeamLiquidPro
RT the following tweet: Click here
If you've done the two things above, you are now in the competition. The competition winner will be chosen two days after the end of TI3, the 13th of August 2013.
Big shoutouts to Victor, tree.hugger, Eric Johnson, Adrian from Valve, Kat, flamewheel and everyone else who has helped to make this possible. And big thanks to everyone out there who has been cheering for us, none of this would be possible without you, so THANK YOU!
Hello fellow Team Liquiders and DOTA 2 fans,My name is Robin Nymann and I am the manager of Team Liquid's DOTA 2 and StarCraft 2 team. When I got here to to Seattle, I thought I had the opportunity do something unique for one of you guys out there; The Signatorium.is a green book that looks similar to a compendium but it's content is different from the compendium you know.If you've done the two things above, you are now in the competition. The competition winner will be chosen two days after the end of TI3, the 13th of August 2013.Big shoutouts to Victor, tree.hugger, Eric Johnson, Adrian from Valve, Kat, flamewheel and everyone else who has helped to make this possible. And big thanks to everyone out there who has been cheering for us, none of this would be possible without you, so THANK YOU! There is no difference between a knight and any other man aside from what they wear. @robinnymann
Two executives from Village Voice Media — a company that owns a number of alternative weeklies including The Village Voice, The LA Weekly and The Phoenix Times — were arrested Thursday night in Phoenix on charges that a story published earlier in the day in The Phoenix New Times revealed grand jury secrets.
Michael Lacey, the executive editor, and Jim Larkin, chief executive, were arrested at their homes after they wrote a story that revealed that the Village Voice Media company, its executives, its reporters and even the names of the readers of its website had been subpoenaed by a special prosecutor. The special prosecutor had been appointed to look into allegations that the newspaper had violated the law in publishing the home address of Maricopa Sheriff Joe Arpaio's home address on its website more than three years ago.
The weekly and its leadership have been in a long running battle with Mr. Arpaio, after the weekly published a series of stories about their real estate dealings.
“They did not have a warrant, but they told me that I was being arrested for unlawful disclosure of grand jury information,” Mr. Larkin said by phone from their home early this morning, after they were released from jail. Mr. Lacey remained in jail early this morning. Captain Paul Chagolla, a spokesperson for the sheriff did not return a call for comment.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Steve Suskin, legal counsel for Village Voice Media, said that the arrests on misdemeanor charges of the newspaper executives represent an escalation in the conflict between The Phoenix New Times and Sheriff Arpaio, who has received national attention for their reputation for running tough jails.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“It is an extraordinary sequence of events,” Mr. Suskin said. “The arrests were not totally unexpected, but they represent an act of revenge and a vindictive response on the part of an out of control sheriff.”
The Likud comptroller has disqualified Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu from running in the party's internal primaries ahead of the general election, citing illegal use of party resources.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
If the move stands, Netanyahu will not be able to contend for the premiership. In response, the party's election committee said the comptroller overstepped their mandate and is not authorized to make such a decision. It is unclear if the comptroller can indeed bar Netanyahu from running pending a legal investgiation.
Benjamin Netanyahu (Photo: Emil Salman)
The comptroller, Shay Galilee, penned a scathing report published last week, in which they claimed Netanyahu abused Likud party funds, facilities and manpower to advance their bid for the party's leadership
The report said Netanyahu's actions were illegal: "Using party members and workers to promote the campaign of a party primaries nominee (Netanyahu) is 'misuse' of the party and is a form of 'benefit' or 'illegal contribution'."
According to the report, Netanyahu used party members and the party's Metzudat Ze'ev headquarters in Tel Aviv to promote their candidacy for the Likud chairpersonship. Among the central claims was that Netanyahu used the party office to promote their campaign and hold a meeting for their supporters.
The report also claimed Netanyahu used party employees to attain the required number of signatures to launch their nomination in the primaries race. They also reportedly used party workers to sway Likud central committee voters.
In response to the allegations, Netanyahu's primaries campaign committee said Netanyahu had not broken any party law and said the claims were "bizarre, outlandish and baseless." They further attempted to undermine the report's credibility, saying it was "political" and backed by strong "interests".
Sources close to Netanyahu responded to the allegations regarding the use of party workers, saying "they were used for a general Likud event which dealt with the pirmaries' proceedings and not with (Netanyahu's) campaign. The two workers are non-paid workers and as such they are allowed to do political work. "
Republican strategist Frank Luntz on Sunday criticized Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's campaign, saying this election "should have been a slam dunk for the GOP."
ADVERTISEMENT
Luntz said on CBS's "Face the Nation" that Trump's campaign has been focused on the billionaire and their battles with "just about everybody."
"If they had stayed the voice and the vision for those people who have been left behind, this race would be a lot different than it is right now," they said.
Still, Luntz said they don't think the race is over.
They said there are enough people who are still undecided and noted Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE is under 50 percent support in many polls.
"But it requires a level of discipline that the Trump campaign has not had," they said. "This is about the voice of the voters, not the voice of Donald Trump."
Luntz continued to criticize the Trump campaign.
They said they have never seen a campaign with "less discipline" or "less focus."
Young married men become a thing of the past as fewer than 58,000 husbands are under the age of 25
Just 1.7% of men in Britain marry before they are 25, new figures show
Many more couples are cohabiting, raising the risk that they could split
Young married men have almost disappeared in England and Wales, figures revealed yesterday.
There are now fewer than 58,000 married men under 25, official figures show.
The proportion of men who marry young has collapsed to 1.7 per cent, marking a profound change in family life since the 1950s.
Rare: Increasingly fewer couples are getting married in their early 20s, according to official statistics
About 135,000 young women marry annually, figures from the 2011 census, just released by the Office for National Statistics, reveal.
Most of them have found men who have reached their late twenties or older.
In the 1950s, three-quarters of women and half of all men were married by their mid-twenties.
These days one in three men in their twenties is still with their parents and the average age at which a young person leaves their childhood home is 26.
However, cohabiting couples break up at least three times more quickly than married couples.
‘In the 70s and 80s it became more acceptable to move in together rather than marry,' warned Harry Benson of the Marriage Foundation.
‘The difficulty is that with more delay in marriage we are seeing a large increase in the rate of family break-up.
‘The good thing about delaying marriage is that it seems to be helping to increase the stability of marriage and contributing to a fall in divorce rates.
‘There has been a drop of a quarter in marriages that end within the first seven years, and a drop of a half in divorce within three years of marriage.'
The foundation says that a child born today has only a 50/50 chance of its parents staying together when it reaches 16.
Average ages at which people marry are now at just under 30 for women and over 30 for men.
Millions of women have decided to delay marriage to pursue higher education and careers. Many then find themselves facing the need to pay a mortgage and the difficulty of forming a stable relationship with a man on which to build a family.
After World War II state housing policies were founded on the need to build council homes for young couples, and in the early 1980s Margaret Thatcher's government won popularity by making home ownership easier.
For men, the pressure to marry a girlfriend, and the threat of a shotgun marriage if they became pregnant, evaporated decades ago. Few feel any need to marry, even if children come along.
The census figures show that 57,191 men under the age of 25 were married in the spring of 2011 when the census was taken, and 134,605 women.
Bill Nye, Eugenics Guy https://t.co/U5WuwHsMn3 — Mark Hemingway (@Heminator) April 26, 2017
Bill Nye has figured out how to save the planet, everyone. And surprise! It involves government control of the population and how many kids you can have:
This might be the darkest show Netflix has ever streamed. pic.twitter.com/1LR5fQ48Hx — Chris Morgan (@CR_Morgan) April 26, 2017
Here are the 3 images expanded:
“So should we have policies…”
“…that penalize people for having extra kids in the developed world?”
“So, I do think that we should at least consider it.”
So, Bill … what's the penalty?
What is the penalty for extra kids?
Bill Nye just spitballing some solutions to climate change. https://t.co/HgIeoMJn32 — Ryan Maue (@RyanMaue) April 26, 2017
It's like dystopian sci-fi, but in real time:
Nothing says "I fking love science" quite like flirting with the idea of establishing a barren "Children of Men" hellscape. https://t.co/VZyQ8bOBUx — T. Becket Adams (@BecketAdams) April 26, 2017
Hey, this is the future liberals want. Nye and their panel are just being honest, for once:
This makes me want to have a million kids just to spite them. https://t.co/i73NhalNtA — Bethany S. Mandel (@bethanyshondark) April 26, 2017
This is silly. The government will decide for you:
I'm going to have to quickly figure out which of my kids are "extra." https://t.co/OSYgx3ORqO — Karol Markowicz (@karol) April 26, 2017
And this could be said for everything Nye says of late:
tfw u think ur a genius but really ur just an idiot https://t.co/43sXKNg5vP — Shoshana Weissmann (@senatorshoshana) April 26, 2017
***
Related:
‘Scarred for life': Bill Nye sexualizes ice cream (with bonus swipe at Christians) https://t.co/QjXOMxpSOc — Twitchy Team (@TwitchyTeam) April 26, 2017
Image: Nelli Kallinen / Yle
Preliminary figures show that Finland has taken the world title for most people skinny dipping at the same time, as a crowd of 789 hit the cold water of Linnunlahti Bay in Joensuu on July 15.
A few weeks earlier, the Ilosaarirock music festival had set a challenge for its ticketholders: We invite you to join us in an effort to gather 1,000 skinny dippers and break the Australian-held Guinness World Record for naked swimming. The event was scheduled for 2 pm on the second day of the festival.
Even though the festival was sold out on Saturday, shortly before the mass dip in the cold water was scheduled, things didn't look good. Just a few hundred people were starting to undress. But then fate intervened: the sun came out and encouraged more of the crowd to strip. By the time the last green-hatted person had entered the water, the official head count was 789, just three swimmers over the previous record achieved by The Fig Group at Perth's South Beach on 8 March 2015.
Image: Nelli Kallinen / Yle
The festival reports that the swimmers had to stay in the water for five minutes in order to break the record. After some initial splashing and screaming, the crowd spontaneously broke into song when they heard there were only 30 seconds remaining, singing the Finnish national anthem to celebrate the country's centennial.
The radio station Radio Rock and online retailer Kaalimato.com joined together with the festival organisers to spread the news about the attempt to break the record. Radio Rock's website says that they are still awaiting official confirmation from the Guinness team, however.
Third time's the charm
The push to break the skinny dipping world record has been alive in Finland for the last three years. Attempts to entice hordes of naked swimmers into the water in Helsinki in 2015 and 2016 were unsuccessful – both times only about 300 willing participants showed up.
Image: Nelli Kallinen / Yle
But Joensuu residents alone can't take all of the credit. Many people travelled from the far corners of the country to participate in Saturday's record-breaking event. Henri Heilala and Ville Luntinen drove to the eastern border region of Joensuu from the capital region's city of Espoo just to take part.
"It's not our first time naked swimming. We have been training hard all spring," Heilala told Yle.
By Jacquelyn Iyamah* / BlackYouthProject, AFROPUNK contributor
In October of 1997, an estimated 750,000 Black women congregated on Ben Franklin Parkway in Philadelphia for the Million Woman March. Spearheaded by Phile Chionsesu and Asia Coney, the march provided a forum for the issues that mainstream women's rights movements often dismiss—the issues affecting Black women. Concerns about the abuses against the Black community, violence against Black women, the AIDS epidemic, and drug addiction were among the issues raised.
Twenty years later, retired attorney Teresa Shook joined forces with fashion designer Bob Bland, to organize a Million Woman March to protest Donald Trump's inauguration. Tensions rose as it became clear that, although this march was named after the 1997 event, not only was it being organized by predominantly white women, but it's focus was no longer about the condition of Black women in America.
One individual commented on Facebook:
“Someone sent me an invite to this. The Million Woman March first occurred in 1997 by and for Black women, following the Million-Man March in 1995 for Black men. I have already expressed in the group that I take issue with white feminists taking the name of something that Black people started to address our struggles. That's appropriation. My understanding is that others have voiced this concern, but it has yet to be addressed. I will not even consider supporting this until the organizers are intersectional, original and come up with a different name.”
As criticism for the march amplified, the initial organizers changed the name to the “Women's March on Washington” and brought non-white activists into the fold to ensure that intersectionality would be addressed. While these actions were a step in the right direction, this debacle demonstrates that the appropriation of movements created by Black women, for Black women, persists.
Amidst the recent sexual harassment allegations against Harvey Weinstein, Alyssa Milano tweeted: “If all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote ‘Me too.' As a status, we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem.”
Shortly after, millions began using #MeToo. It has been incredibly moving to witness individuals across the globe gather the courage to speak about a violence society has repeatedly told them to stay silent about.
But why #MeToo?
‘Me too' was catapulted in 2007 by activist Tarana Burke. They created the movement to give women of color, who often remain silent following sexual assault, the encouragement to speak out. Them encouragement could not be more critical. The Department of Justice estimates that for every white woman that reports their rape, at least 5 white women do not report theirs. However, for every Black woman that reports their rape, at least 15 Black women do not report theirs.
Though survivors of all races tend to remain silent following sexual assault due to fears that they will be treated as suspects, this fear is heightened for Black women due to a combination of racism and misogyny. Misogynoir teaches society that Black women are inherently hypersexual, and thus always consenting to and available for sexual contact.
This ideology is not new. In the 1800's many rape laws did not provide protection for Black women, or any other women of color for that matter. A rapist was defined as a man who “unlawfully and carnally know [sic] any white woman against their will or consent.”
This school of thought remained during the Jim Crow era. In 1965, a white man by the name of Norman Cannon raped Rosa Lee Coates, a 15 year old Black girl. Despite substantial evidence found, the all-white jury involved in the case refused to accept that rape was applicable to Black women and girls.
Actress Lupita Nyong'o recently emerged as one of the many women alleged to have been sexually harassed by Weinstein. Although Weinstein has been accused by dozens of women, they decided only to dispute Nyong'o's claims. As the only Black woman among their accusers, their decision to respond only to them and deny the legitimacy of only their claim is inconsistent.
Actress Jane Fonda recently highlighted this inconsistency during a talk show. When discussing the uproar that followed the Weinstein allegations they stated, “It feels like something has shifted…It's too bad that it's probably because so many of the women that were assaulted by Harvey Weinstein are famous and white and everybody knows them. This has been going on a long time to black women and other women of color and it doesn't get out quite the same.”
Black women are too often shoved away into the crevices, out of sight. In these spaces, we become hidden figures, neither seen, nor heard. This is why it is so important to honor spaces created by Black women, for Black women.
These spaces serve as sanctuaries. These spaces tell us that we deserve to be and shall be seen and heard. As we continue to fight for women's rights, we must also fight to make sure that movements created by and for Black women are not appropriated by white feminists—a labor made necessary by misogynoir—because these movements were created to highlight the experiences of those that are too often left in the dark.
This post is in partnership with BlackYouthProject
*Jacquelyn Iyamah is a UC Berkeley alumni with a deep background in race, class and gender issues. As an activist and content creator, they founded the Anti Misogynoir Project, a media platform that combats misogynoir and amplifies the voices of Black women. Follow their work on Instagram: @antimisogynoir or Twitter: @antimisogynoir.
In contrast to the general belief that the airways of an infant are sterile until after birth, University of Alabama at Birmingham researchers and colleagues have found that the infant airway is already colonized with bacteria or bacterial DNA when a baby is born -- and this is true for infants born as early as 24 weeks gestation.
How microbes get into the airways and the purpose of this pre-birth colonization are still unclear, but the pattern of colonization appears to have an important link to later severe neonatal lung disease.
An early microbial imbalance, or dysbiosis, is predictive for the development of bronchopulmonary dysplasia, or BPD, a chronic lung disease of prematurity. The extremely low birth-weight, or ELBW, infants in this study had an average birth weight of 1 pound, 8 ounces. Researchers found that the ELBW infants who went on to develop life-threatening BPD showed abnormal microbial colonization patterns at birth, as compared to pre-term infants who did not get BPD.
"Right at birth, your respiratory microbiome can possibly predict your risk for BPD," said Charitharth Vivek Lal, M.D., assistant professor in the UAB Pediatrics Division of Neonatology and the lead investigator of this study.
The study also suggests that the 'healthy' pattern of colonization seen in the BPD-resistant ELBW infants -- with increased abundance of Lactobacillus -- is protective.
"We speculate that the early airway microbiome may prime the developing pulmonary immune system, and dysbiosis in its development may set the stage for subsequent lung disease," the researchers say in their paper in Scientific Reports, one of the Nature Publishing Group journals. "Should a disordered airway microbiome prove to be involved in the pathogenesis of disease, it will be of immediate interest to attempt to develop novel therapeutic interventions."
Lal says this is the first unbiased airway microbiome analysis to be done immediately at birth -- all the early saline aspirates from the tracheas of the newborns were collected at or within six hours of delivery.
It is also the only infant airway microbiome analysis to be validated at a second medical center. After the first group of 23 ELBW infants and 10 full-term infants were studied at the Regional Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, UAB Women & Infants Center, samples from a second group of 14 ELBW infants were studied in collaboration with Vineet Bhandari, M.D., at Drexel University College of Medicine, Philadelphia.
About half of the ELBW infants at both sites, all of them extremely pre-term, later developed BPD. The differences in the microbiomes between infants who were BPD-resistant and BPD-predisposed were similar for infants in both Birmingham and Philadelphia.
Extremely premature infants are at risk for BPD, which is the most common lung pathology of these tiny infants and a significant cause of morbidity, mortality and health care expenditures. Adults and children who had BPD as infants have lungs that failed to develop properly and are more prone to worse lung function, asthma, lung infections and pulmonary hypertension.
The researchers also looked at the airway microbiomes of 18 ELBW infants with established BPD and found that their microbiomes had a decreased diversity of types of microbes, and the pattern was very different from those of ELBW infants shortly after birth or full-term infants at birth.
As to specific groups of microbes, the phylum Proteobacteria, which includes bacteria like E. coli, appeared to be involved in BPD pathology, and the genus Lactobaccillus, part of the phylum Firmicutes, appeared to be involved in disease protection.
Lal and colleagues found decreased Lactobacillus abundance in the airway microbiomes of 10 infants born to mothers who had chorioamnionitis -- an infection of the membranes of the placenta and an independent risk factor for BPD -- as well as decreased Lactobacillus abundance at birth in the airways of the BPD-predisposed, ELBW infants, as compared to BPD-resistant infants. Research elsewhere has suggested a beneficial role for Lactobacillus against airway diseases and for lung development.
"I predict that researchers will study the use of respiratory probiotics, and the role of the gut-lung microbiome axis in the future," Lal said.
For five ELBW infants who later developed BPD, the researchers collected periodic airway microbiome samples from birth through 9 weeks and saw extremely similar patterns of change in the microbiomes over time.
As for the source of the microbes, Lal and colleagues wrote, "As it is commonly believed that colonization of neonates originates in the birth canal, we were surprised to find that the airway microbiome of vaginally delivered and caesarean section-delivered neonates were similar, which suggests that the microbial DNA in the airways is probably transplacentally derived, consistent with reports that the placenta has a rich microbiome."
The researchers speculate that this transmission of bacteria or bacterial DNA to the in-utero infant could be via blood or amniotic fluid.
Urban Outfitters is no stranger to angering the masses. But even while eliciting the ire of the Attorney General of the Navajo Nation by selling the “Navajo Hipster Panty” last year, or continuous accusations of the company's habit of ripping off indie designers, it seemed that Wall Street types were still kind of okay with the company.
But now Urban may have finally crossed the line by selling a denim jumper-cum-tutu in its stores. According to a research note sent by Goldman Sachs, this particular dress was met with “incremental concern” that the company might be “too aggressive and fashion forward” when it comes to the product, QZ reports.
It indicates that the company, which has reportedly been struggling with profits, might be out of touch with the fashions, or at least in the eyes of Wall Street. So when it comes to stock valuation, bring on the racially offensive apparel — but no way will Goldman Sachs analysts tolerate a dress from the Clarissa Explains It All collection.
Details Parent Category: Gaming Created on Sunday, 03 November 2013 13:11 Published on Sunday, 03 November 2013 13:11 Written by Citizen Alpha
A ways back I posted something to Reddit regarding miliary jargon in BF3 but It's just as applicable as ever in Battlefield 4. I myself am ex-military and I do use military terminology when communicating in game because its habit and I find it easy to quickly spit out what I need to get across to anyone listening in. Military speak is designed to be concise, brief, and direct. Of course what it all boils down to is however you can most effectively communicate, you'll see some examples in here that may confuse you a bit and that's perfectly fine. If you keep getting hung up on something then don't bother saying it! Say what's easiest for you. Some of this may seem obvious but for the sake of covering everything I'll put it in regardless.
For complete clarification: you will not need to use all these terms. This post is merely here for information. Not every military command uses these terms. Lots have their own. Some have none at all. It all depends on the need. You should always use whatever you want to convey whatever you need to say. If you have to think long and hard about the correct terminology of what you have to say, you're doing it wrong. Say what comes natural and if you want this kind of stuff to come more natural, say it more often.
For the record I play on PC and generally share voice comms with people I manually set myself up with (clans, friends, random players who friend me, etc). I do my best to communicate using the in game voice comms especially if I'm the commander but sometimes I'm just talking into dead air. You can find me at: CitizenAlphaCCN on battlelog!
Starboard – Right of the vehicle. This is a nautical term (I'm ex Navy).
Port– Left of the vehicle. Also a nautical term. Best way to remember this is that port is left, port has 4 letters in it and so does left. If you can always remember that, always remember what port is, deducing starboard is easy.
Forward – Front of the vehicle.
Aft – Rear of the vehicle.
Dismount - Exit a vehicle. I wish people would use this more, I can't count how many times I've been C4'd because the pilot dismounted without telling me.
Low/Mid/High – Indicates the vertical direction of whatever.
Example usage: “Enemy port low.” Meaning there is an enemy off the left side towards the ground.
Of course you could always use clock directions. Saying “o'clock” is not needed. The same example command using clock directions: “Enemy 3 low”. Most people get jumbled up with nautical port and starboard so left and right is typically simpler. The only real benefit to using port and starboard during game comms is that they are easier to hear over the action and may be less confusing if you hear less of the word.
Point – The frontman in a formation. Your role as point is to cover 180 degrees to the front of the formation. Best class for this position is support or engineer. If you're the only assault and you find yourself on point, call someone else up to take it. You don't want to go down because no one else can revive you.
Right/Left Flank – Right or left of the formation.
Rear Guard – Rear of the formation, responsible for 180 degrees behind the formation.
Overwatch – A secure position in which you can maintain a sight line over an area of operation. Your job is not to aimlessly fire off rounds but rather communicate to anyone on the ground in that area the situation and provide fire when needed. Support and sniper recon are best for this position.
Bounding – The act of moving from cover to cover. You should always be bounding.
*Moving *– I know you all know what moving is however rarely is it declared. When you're covering a field of fire you're not looking at friendlies, at least not if you're doing your job right, and you won't see them relocate. Since this is a game, there's no way for them to tap you on the shoulder as they relocate. If your rear guard says, “Moving” you know he's no longer in the position they once are to cover you.
Phonetic alphabet - The purpose of the phonetic alphabet is to eliminate misunderstanding over coms. For example if you said "I'm going to BEE!" I might hear, "I'm going to DEE" because a grenade was going off in my ear. Each word in the phonetic alphabet is specifically designed not to sound like any other and always start with the letter its referring to. Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, Delta, Echo, Foxtrot, Golf, Hotel, etc.
Asset – Piece of equipment. Example: tanks, jets, mounted guns, etc.
Eyes (direction/landmark) / Eyes on – Shift your field of fire to whatever direction is called. Basically look in that direction and shoot anyone that shows up. Example: “Eyes left” or “Eyes on archway.” You can also effectively declare which way you're looking which is very important so everyone knows. “I've got eyes left” or “I've got eyes on archway”. It's a nice simple way to declar you have someone covered as well. A squad mate says “I'm entering this building.” You can reply, “I've got eyes on.” They know he's covered when they move in.
ETA – Estimated time of arrival.
Klick – Kilometer which is 1000 meters. You shouldn't really be saying klick, I would just stick with meters. Example, “I'm a half klick away from bravo.”
Mikes – Mikes are minutes.
Example: “Inbound on Bravo ETA 2 mikes” I do occasionally accidentally use this out of habit and I get a lot of “Who's Mike?”
Oscar Mike – Simple means “On the move”.
Egress – Means you're leaving. I'm in the air a lot and I provide support on position captures from the air. When things are wrapped up or they get to hairy for me I'll announce, “Egressing out”.
Gun's cold / Gun's hot – Declares the state of fire something is currently in or that you wish it to be. For example when I'm flying in the helo I'll sometimes tell my gunner “Guns cold.” As not to draw the attention of something we're trying to gain position on, typically another helo. Guns hot reverses the guns cold order and can also be able to declare the state of an enemy asset. For example: “Enemy stationary AA is guns hot.”
Engaging – Attacking. Example: “Moving to engage armor”.
Contact – Actively engaged in combat action with the enemy. Example: “I'm in contact with infantry at Bravo”
SITREP – Situation Report. A request for information regarding what you're doing. For example if you said, “Citizen, SITREP” I might reply, “Providing air support for friendlies in contact with heavy armor at Foxtrot”
Pri-Target – Declaration of which target is the highest priority. When I'm flying I may say, “Pri-target heavy armor 12 low”
FUBAR – Fucked up beyond all recognition. (this is just a joke, never heard anyone say this ever)
Payload out – Means you fired some sort of ordinance. This is very handy with TV missiles and guided shells on the tank. For example I'll tell my gunner “Prep a TV” and he'll swap over to that gun, “TV the mobile AA at 12 low”, he'll fire it and declare, “Payload out” so I know to drop the helo back undercover. TV's also have sometimes the nasty habit of flipping the helo upside down and after I recover I won't spend 2 minutes looking for an invisible jet.
Danger Close – Basically close enough to cause harm. If you're rocking an area with ordinance and you have friendlies in the area you may wish to declare this so they don't get crushed by rubble or in hardcore killed. Example: “Be advised I'm shelling your area danger close.”
Ranging – Attempting to hit a target at a distance. For example: “That tank on the ridge is ranging on us.”
Belay my last / Belay that – Nevermind.
Roger / Affirmative / Acknowledged – I understand and will do. I normally say roger, since it's the briefest.
Negative – No, fuck off.
Again, those above two are to disambiguate a situation. You can absolutely simply say “Ok” or “No” however in a hail of machine gun fire or over the rumble of an Abrams your acknowledgement could be missed.
Quick guide on how to communicate: When you speak with your team you want to relay the most pertinent information in the fastest and most understandable way possible. General rule of thumb is the three D's. Direction, distance, and description. Depending on how many people you've got over voice it may be flurried of information and can get a little confusing. Trust me that's better than nothing at all. Keep in mind a few things you always want to convey:
Who you are.
Where you're at.
What you're capable of.
What you're doing.
Acknowledge any incoming orders/information relevant to you. This is a huge help for the commander.
Here are a few examples of chatter you'll hear from me in game:
“Citizen inbound on Bravo bringing heavy armor to support cap.”
“Citizen on your 6 as assault 20 meters out.”
“Be advised enemy AA inbound on your position from direction of Alpha”
“Contact front multiple enemy near blue dumpster”
“Moving to engage enemy armor at Bravo as engineer”
“You have an enemy jet on your six, hopping in the stationary guns cold, try to bait them into the area.”
“Citizen bounding right, moving.”
“Cleared bravo of enemy infantry, recommend ground proceed to cap, little bird egressing out.”
“Guns cold pri-target enemy helo at port high.” Gain altitude, loop behind them. “Guns hot, guns hot.”
“Proceeding to cap Charlie, gunner I need your eyes left.”
“The air over bravo is too hot but we're sending a TV danger close on that tank.”
I hope this was all helpful!
Ferrari can dominate Formula 1 again in the near future, according to new technical director James Allison.
Ferrari won five consecutive titles in the early 2000s but have failed to match Red Bull in the last few seasons.
"I have found a team hungry and determined to get back to the top of the podium at every race and championship," said Allison.
"It is a team that is optimistic for the future and is looking forward to dominating the sport again."
Ferrari in Formula 1 Debut: 1950 Monaco Grand Prix
1950 Monaco Grand Prix Races: 870
870 Wins: 221
221 Pole positions: 207
207 Fastest laps: 229
229 Drivers' championships: 15
15 Constructors' championships: 16
Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso has finished second to Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel in three of the last four years, seasons which have been characterised by Ferrari's inability to build a car as fast as the Red Bull.
Allison, who was talking to Sky Italia, said Ferrari's form would improve as a result of "a series of investments made on the engineer, personnel and equipment side which we are going to reap the rewards of over the next several years".
Ferrari have spent this year refurbishing the wind tunnel at their Maranello base after discovering in 2012 that there were inconsistencies between the results from simulations and those of new parts when they reached the track.
That means the 2014 car has been largely developed in the former Toyota F1 wind tunnel in Cologne, which Ferrari have been using instead.
Now their own wind tunnel is up and running again, the team are hopeful that it will improve their ability to develop their car, a major flaw of Ferrari's over the last few years.
Ferrari in the last six seasons 2008: Champions (172 points)
(172 points) 2009: 4th (70)
(70) 2010: 3rd (396)
(396) 2011: 3rd (375)
(375) 2012: 2nd (400)
(400) 2013: 3rd (333)
Allison, who joined Ferrari in September, said: "F1 is not a quick-fix sport. It is an incredibly difficult organisation to get every single aspect right, and you need every aspect right to win a world championship.
"The team has been one-by-one picking off its weak points. It's a work we will need to continue and a work we will never stop doing even once we do finally get ourselves back to the front.
"I don't think we have made any secret of the fact the area we have been underperforming in, relative to the completion, is we haven't made as much out of the aerodynamic rules over the last few seasons as some of our rivals.
"That's for a number of reasons and it's an area where our team has invested heavily over the last 18 months or so and we will eventually get our reward for."
Allison worked at Ferrari through their dominant era with Michael Schumacher in the early 2000s before moving back to the UK to work for Renault, where they won two titles with Alonso in 2005 and 2006, ending Ferrari's run of success.
In recent years, their reputation as one of the foremost aerodynamic engineers in F1 has grown as their group at the team now re-named Lotus has produced a series of competitive cars on much smaller budgets than Red Bull, Ferrari, McLaren and Mercedes.
Ferrari titles Constructors' championships: 16 (1961, 1964, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1979, 1982, 1983, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2007, 2008)
(1961, 1964, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1979, 1982, 1983, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2007, 2008) Drivers' championships: 15 (1952, 1953, 1956, 1958, 1961, 1964, 1975, 1977, 1979, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2007)
However, they said the extent of the rule changes for next season - which will see major changes to the chassis regulations and the introduction of new turbo-charged engines - meant it was impossible to predict Ferrari's competitiveness in 2014.
"I'm never happy because I'm always terrified. I find it much easier to work effectively when I'm scared we're not going enough, than happy that we are," they said. "(I'm) always scared, especially in a year with so many changes.
"2014 is a very big project and it's something that started well over two years ago, so that work was well under way when I arrived and is continuing extremely fiercely at the moment in the factory."
Between 1999 and 2008, Ferrari won seven constructors' titles and six drivers' championships, but have not added to their tally of 16 team and 15 driver titles since.
The 37 year old Cork native has played on 61 occasions for Ireland since their debut in 2009 on the summer tour to Canada, while they have made a total of 151 appearances for Leinster since their debut in September 2009 against the Scarlets.
A former Munster ‘A' and Harlequins player, Ross signed for Leinster in time for the 2009/10 season from Quins and has to date won two Heineken Cups, a Challenge Cup and two PRO12 titles with Leinster.
During this time they also won two 6 Nations titles with Ireland and represented Ireland at the 2011 and the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
Speaking to leinsterrugby.ie this morning Ross said, “Rugby has been a huge part of my life and I've been incredibly lucky to have been a part of some amazing teams. In particular, I'll never forget winning the European Cup in 2011 or the Six Nations championship in 2014.
“I never dreamed having had such a late start in the professional game that I'd go on to achieve such goals, or win 61 caps for Ireland. I'm indebted to my teammates and coaches, my friends and family.
“My parents, Frank and Patricia, have been a constant backing and influence throughout my career, driving me to countless training sessions when I was young in Fermoy RFC and supporting me from the sideline through all kinds of weather playing with UCC and Cork Con!
“I'd also like to acknowledge my friends and agents; Dave McHugh, Ryan Constable and Justin Paige for their guidance over my career.
“I'd particularly like to pay tribute to my wife Kimberlee. Rugby can be very tough on a family, as I'd often be gone for months on end which is hard when you've two young kids, but she's been an endless source of support and strength.
“I'll miss the camaraderie of the dressing room and the roar of the fans when running out in the RDS Arena or in the Aviva Stadium, but unfortunately you can't play forever. It's time to go in a different direction and I'm stepping out of the rugby bubble and moving into the fast growing world of technology.
“It's a new reality, but something I'm very excited about. I still hope to be involved in rugby in some capacity but after this season all my energy will be focused on my new employer, Wizuda, and the challenges my new career will represent.
“Going forward I'll definitely be in the stands on the weekends shouting the lads on, but for now there's a very bright future in front of this team and hopefully we can get our hands on the Guinness PRO12 trophy before I hang up my boots!”
Leinster Rugby Head Coach Leo Cullen, a former teammate of Ross, paid tribute to their former Leinster and Ireland colleague.
“Mike has played such a major role in Leinster's successes since they joined from Harlequins in 2009.
“He was at the very heart of Leinster's famous comeback against Northampton in the 2011 European Cup Final with a brilliant second half scrummaging display that helped turn the tide of momentum.
“And the following season they played a huge role once again as the Leinster scrum pushed Ulster off their own ball in the first half that lead to a try.
“Mike has also been a great mentor to some of our younger props. Always being prepared to pass on their experience to ensure their continued development.
“We wish Mike every success in the next challenge that they take on. We will greatly miss him, their wife Kimberlee, their children Kevin and Chloe and their parents Frank and Patricia, all of whom have been fantastic supporters to Mike throughout their career.
“Thanks Rossy.”
Mike Ross – Biog:
DOB: 21 December 1979
Leinster Caps (to date): 151 (debut v Scarlets in September 2009)
Harlequins Caps: 84
Ireland Caps: 61 (debut v Canada in May 2009)
Achievements: Two 6 Nations titles, Two Heineken Cup titles, Challenge Cup title and two PRO12 titles.
T-Mobile and Sprint subscribers rocking the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Samsung Galaxy S8+ are starting to receive an update that has two main features according to its changelist. One is an update for the Bixby app, and the second provides more stability for SD cards. Before you get carried away, the update did not launch Bixby Voice, although it could have deposited certain files on the two handsets that are required for its eventual release. The most recently rumored time frame for the appearance of Bixby Voice is late this month Those who downloaded the update report that Bixby Vision and Reminders now include shortcuts at the top of the screen. Besides the latter, and the improvements made for SD card stability, the update also includes the May Android security parch.No matter which carrier is connected to your Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+ , once you receive the notification that the update has arrived, make sure that you are connected to a Wi-Fi network before proceeding with the installation of the new files. At the same time, make sure that the battery on your phone is fully charged. The update includes software version G950USQU1AQEF (Galaxy S8) or G955USQU1AQEF (Galaxy S8+). Both updates weigh in at 375.60 MB.source: DroidLife
In June, a police officer in Fallbrook, California, tased a 13-year-old boy who resisted and fought the officer after they were told to go home. Following the altercation, protestors argued that if Fallbrook had a skate park, the whole incident could have been avoided.
As someone whose car was toilet papered in Fallbrook this winter, I find that premise interesting and possibly even slightly feasible. I was surprised to find that a search for “skate park protests” returned results mostly focused on people protesting in favor of skate parks (i.e. their town didn't have one and they thought it should) and not against them. Other common protests were by bikers who felt left out and wanted a piece of the skate park action.
There are an estimated 6 to 15 million skateboarders in the U.S., yet many skateboarders (and their parents) still feel like their hobby of choice is discriminated against. Those who do, in fact, believe that skate parks are hotbeds of lawlessness and are opposed to their construction may be surprised to find that skate parks can actually decrease illegal activity rather than foster it.
Skate parks and crime
In 2009, the Tony Hawk Foundation (THF) conducted a survey of law enforcement officers who patrolled municipalities where THF had helped construct a state park. THF surveyed 102 police officers in 37 states, and reported that “while almost half cited a decrease in overall youth crime since the skate park opened, several officers mentioned the skate park has not affected overall youth crime, and that the worsening economy is primarily to blame for an overall increase in crime in their towns.”
According to the survey, the primary law enforcement problems that officers encountered were lack of helmet usage, graffiti and prohibited bike use. A significant majority of officers (85 percent) reported receiving fewer complaint calls from businesses about people skating on their property once a skate park had opened.
The Spohn Ranch Skateparks website debunks a wide range of skate park myths and misconceptions. One example that the list cites of the potential skate parks possess to curb violence is the “Reclaiming Public Spaces” initiative in Ciudad Juárez, Mexico. According to a 2012 article on Fox News Latino, a large skate park near the Texan border helps distract Juárez's children from the violence in their city, and provides teenagers with an alternative to unhealthy and dangerous behaviors.
Skate parks and safety
Skaters for Public Skateparks (SPS), a nonprofit advocacy organization, has tracked the annual number of skateboarding fatalities since 2011. In 2014, according to the SPS website, there were 28 skateboarding-related fatalities in the U.S. Twenty-three of these skateboarders were hit by cars, and three more died while holding onto cars (no specific cause is listed for the other two fatalities).
Proponents of skate parks argue that a lack of skate parks won't prevent people from skateboarding, but rather, will force skateboarders into the roads, or to public or private spaces where skateboarding is prohibited and potentially more dangerous.
A study published in 2015 in the journal The Physician and Sportsmedicine reported that around 3.5 to 13.1 percent of skateboarding injuries are head traumas, 55 to 63 percent of injuries are to the upper extremity, 1.5 to 2.9 percent of injuries are to the thoracoabdominal and spine, and 17 to 26 percent of injuries are to the lower extremity.
“Although skateparks may be perceived as a safer alternative to street skateboarding, injuries still occur when the skateboarder collides with an object or falls from the board,” write the authors in the study's abstract. “Factors leading to trauma include fatigue and overuse, age and skill level, inadequate medical care, environmental conditions, equipment concerns, lack of fitness and training, and the detrimental behavior of the competitor.”
Many skate parks mandate that skaters wear helmets, knee pads and elbow pads. Spectrum Health Medical Group also recommends that skateboarders wear wrist guards, limit ramp usage to one person at a time, and avoid skating in rain or snow. The Centers for Disease Control provides a guide for purchasing and maintaining skateboarding helmets.
Skate parks and health
Like other forms of exercise, skateboarding has been proven to have numerous physical and mental health benefits, and these benefits may have greater long-term effects on fitness than organized sports.
A study conducted at James Cook University in Australia, published in 2014, suggests that the social capital support that skate parks can foster constitutes a significant health benefit for skaters.
According to the study's abstract, “A content analysis of 35 skateboarders' survey responses revealed the existence of four benefits, namely, establishing new and reconnecting with old friendships; bonding to a friendship group, gaining peer respect and status; and increased opportunities to interact with people. Collectively, these benefits expanded the skateboarders' social horizons by providing increased opportunities to gain community recognition and acceptance.”
Keeping skateboarders off the road, in a place where rules about helmets can be more easily enforced and skaters can safely reap the physical and emotional benefits of what they love to do, seems like a clear win for everyone involved.
Exclusive Consultancy goliath Ernst & Young is planning to outsource much IT jobs to India in its latest wave of outsourcing.
An email from EY, seen by The Register, told staff it has decided to work with India-based Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) to deliver its application support.
It said: "We recognise this is a big change that affects our people and we have sought to minimise the impact on them. We have already notified the people impacted by this decision and we will support them during this transition.
"The majority will be redeployed within EY or offered a role at TCS to support the EY account. We are also working through the notification process for incumbent suppliers."
According to one insider, almost all the roles in the 300-strong in-house app support and developer team have been earmarked for offshoring. The team spans EMEA and the US, and works with IBM, SAP and Microsoft to deliver tax, audit and fraud investigation tools for EY globally.
This is the third round of outsourcing at EY since 2015. The company has already outsourced its help desk function to TCS, and its more in-depth support services to India and Buenos Aires. The moves will affect both the US and UK.
EY first began outsourcing in 2015, with the latest round bringing the total number of roles affected by the move up to several hundred, said the insider.
"Outsourcing was always in the background as a cost pressure, especially as EY was advising other companies to do it," they added. "In 2012 they brought in a global CIO from JPMorgan who parachuted in their own people in the US firm and ripped the heart out of a global organisation, experienced people in Germany and UK were sidelined and managed out and then the cost cutting started.
"That CIO, Mo Osborne, is now leaving end of June and a chunk of their appointees are going too."
An EY spokesperson said the outfit regularly reviews its processes and systems. "Following our recent, independent IT strategy review, we are in the process of transforming how we deliver IT services to provide market differentiation for our clients.
"We are still finalising the recommendations from the IT strategy review and once this has been completed we will then be able to assess the potential impact on our people."
They added that as a consultation was under way in the UK it would be inappropriate to speculate on the outcome "but it is our expectation that there will be minimal impact to roles and people, with the majority offered the same or a similar role in the UK. Our immediate priority is to communicate with our people and to support them."
A number of large organisations have shown renewed interest in offshoring large swathes of their workforce to India. In December, Capita said it will axe roughly 2,250 staff, which includes sending more jobs to the subcontinent.
British Airways has also offshored a chunk of its workforce to TCS. ®
A shortage of fuel caused by strikes and protests in France could impact next weekend's Le Mans Test Day, and potentially if unresolved, the 24 Hours of Le Mans next month.
Unions have blocked oil refineries across the nation, either through protests or strikes, over reforms of employment law, leading to mass shortages of gasoline and diesel for motorists in large parts of the country.
According to a report from the Independent, one-quarter of France's gasoline stations were closed or running short of fuel as of Wednesday morning.
Additional strikes and/or protests on electricity at nuclear power plants, as well as the country's rail network have also been planned this week.
The Independent reports that the government has dismissed any possibility of disruption of the Euro 2016 soccer championship, which is set to begin in France on June 10, one week prior to the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
While the twice-around-the-clock endurance classic is still more than three weeks away, the official test day — mandatory for all teams and new drivers competing in the race — is scheduled for June 5.
Media reports indicate there are concerns the dispute could continue for “many days” and could worsen.
Reuters, meanwhile, reports that France has mobilized its fuel reserves, for the first time since the last major refinery strike in 2010. It's unclear how much fuel they have in reserve.
It's not the first time there have been strikes in France around June, potentially disrupting travel to and from Le Mans, the most recent being a nationwide rail strike impacting many high-speed trains in 2014.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A family who converted from Islam to Christianity say they are being driven out of their home for the SECOND TIME by neighbours who accuse them of blasphemy.
Nissar Hussain, their wife Kubra and their six children claim they have become "prisoners in their own home" as neighbours attack them in the street, smash their car windscreens and throw eggs at their windows.
"Our lives have been sabotaged and this shouldn't happen in the United Kingdom," Nissar said.
(Image: SWNS)
"We live in a free democratic society and what they are doing to us is abhorrent."
Read more: Veteran who confronted racist knifeman in store hailed as ''one in a million'' at Pride of Britain Awards
The family claim their neighbours are targeting them because the family decided to convert to Christianity.
Their children attend the local Church of England primary school, where the majority of pupils are Muslims of Pakistani heritage.
Nissar, 49 – who had to give up their career as a nurse due to the ordeal's effect on their health – said "word was spread around the playground" about the family being Christian converts and their youngest daughter was bullied.
(Image: SWNS)
Leena, 14, said their friends told her: "Our parents say we mustn't mix with you because you are a convert."
Nissar said the experience left their "heartbroken" and made them "feel like a second class citizen".
This is the second time the family claim to have been targeted.
Nissar ended up spending 12 hours in police cells earlier this year after getting into a scrap with a man they claim "threatened and confronted" their wife.
(Image: SWNS)
(Image: SWNS)
One of their neighbours was convicted at Bradford Crown Court of a public order offence after one of Hussain's children recorded them making threats in the street.
But Nissar thinks more must be done for police to recognise the issue as a religious hate crime .
They say they have paid out £5,000 over the past year after their car windscreen was smashed six times.
The family are now looking lo leave their family home city of Bradford.
(Image: SWNS)
A West Yorkshire Police spokesperson said: "We are aware of an ongoing matter involving Mr Hussain and are working closely with partners to resolve this situation.
"All reports of crime are taken seriously and are investigated thoroughly.'
Rumors have been circulating that Steve Bannon, a White House political strategist and adviser to President Trump, was on the cutting block. This came true as Drudge reported that they were officially out earlier today.
Bannon was well known for being one of the first people to jump on the Trump train when they first announced their presidency in 2015. However, the rumors started escalating on Thursday that Bannon was set to be relieved after an article was released that saw Bannon make some disturbing comments.
They were also blamed for the white supremacist following President Trump, and they further became a target after the Charlottesville protests saw violence last weekend.
President Trump hasn't been shy about firing people from the White House either, as several prominent individuals were already fired and replaced. Sean Spicer, the original White House Press Secretary, was relieved and replaced with Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
The former White House Chief of Staff, Reince Priebus, was fired and replaced with John Kelly, who was the Secretary of Homeland Security.
According to CNBC, Trump had become increasingly angry with Bannon and their influence in the administration had started to go down significantly.
Bannon was also considered influential in how Trump was going to attack the trade policies, as well as immigration.
There is also some controversy as Bannon has been reported by other outlets as insisting “the parting of ways was their idea.” Whatever the case is, Bannon is officially gone from the White House.
Unions provide platform for Democrats at Verizon strike rallies
By our reporters
26 April 2016
Hundreds of Verizon workers held a protest Monday outside the New Jersey state capitol in Trenton as the strike by 39,000 telecommunications workers heads into its second week. The same day, scores of Verizon workers rallied in Binghamton, New York and several hundred rallied in lower Manhattan.
Verizon strikers walked out over management demands for significant cuts to health care and pensions, as well as changes to contract language regarding outsourcing that would lead to the loss of thousands of jobs. The walkout has been met with strikebreaking by management, which is continuing operations with managers and replacement workers.
The Communications Workers of America (CWA) and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) called rallies Monday as part of their effort to channel worker anger behind the Democrats. At the Trenton event, the platform was turned over to Democratic politicians, including New Jersey Assembly Speaker Vince Prieto, who demagogically pledged support to strikers. Meanwhile, New Jersey Senate President Steve Sweeney said in a statement that “we are standing in solidarity with them in their fight for fairness.”
The fact is that Democratic and Republican politicians in New Jersey are joining together to attack public workers. In face of a budgetary crisis in Atlantic City, Sweeney is sponsoring a bill that could lead to unilaterally reopening the contracts of public workers by allowing the state to take over the city's finances.
In Binghamton, strikers protested Monday outside company headquarters on Henry Street. The platform was also opened to local Democratic politicians. Speaking to reporters at the rally, CWA Local 1111 President Jay Lake noted that management has threatened to cut off health insurance benefits for all striking workers effective May 1, but offered no strategy to oppose this attack.
Verizon strikers rally in lower Manhattan Monday
Another rally in lower Manhattan drew a reported attendance of 250. New York Democratic Mayor Bill De Blasio has used the city's police department as a strikebreaking force, keeping picketing workers behind barricades while replacement workers maintain company operations.
A Verizon worker told the World Socialist Web Site Verizon Strike Newsletter that they had learned from an informed source that a major sticking point in the negotiations revolved around a company plan to offer a monetary incentive to older workers to retire. The company is advancing a plan to waive the penalty for older workers who may be just short of qualifying for full retirement benefits based on their age and years of service.
While the offer would be attractive to older workers, the unions are opposed to the proposal on the grounds that they would lose too many dues-paying members if the deal were implemented.
Since calling the walkout, the CWA and IBEW have blocked any broader mobilization of the working class behind the Verizon strikers. For example, thousands of workers at US West are being told by the CWA to continue working without a contract.
At Verizon, the CWA and IBEW kept workers on the job without a contract for months, while management prepared its strikebreaking operation. The strike was called with little or no preparation, timed to coincide with the New York Democratic primary.
The unions are refusing to offer any strike pay to pickets, leaving workers to rely on their own financial resources. Workers indicated to the Newsletter that they are becoming increasingly frustrated and angry over the lack of information from the unions and the absence of any strategy to win the strike.
Verizon, meanwhile, is continuing to divest of its landline operations as it focuses on its predominantly non-union wireless operations. On April 1, just prior to the strike, Verizon sold local landline operations in Florida, California and Texas to Frontier communications for $10.5 billion. The business included some 3.3 million voice connections and 2.1 million broadband connections.
A striking Verizon worker in Northern Virginia told the Newsletter, “The union is deciding things behind closed doors, which is BS. I don't know what they are doing. Most guys are not getting any strike pay. If their local union doesn't take up a fund collection, they will get nothing.
“Some guys have been forced to get a second job because they have bills to pay and there is no money being on strike.”
The demands of management appear aimed at driving out older workers in order to replace them with lower paid new hires. The company is seeking contract language changes that would allow it to reassign workers up to 100 miles away from their current work locations. It is also demanding the right to force workers to report anywhere for up to two months at a time.
In Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Joe, a worker with eighteen years, explained what is at stake in the strike: “Our benefits, healthcare, outsourcing. They want to cut our tuition benefits. Right now we get $8,000 a year toward our tuition. Basically, anything good they want to take away.”
Speaking of the 2011 strike Joe noted, “We gave up things maybe if we had waited for a couple of storms, the company would have given in, instead of the union. I think the union gave up a lot.
“Verizon has a lot of connections with the media. All of the media reports have been basically portraying the workers as greedy, and the company as realistic. They're saying we get a 6.5 percent raise, but they don't say that it's over three years. That's just about a cost-of-living increase.”
Another worker said, “We don't see any need to make concessions for a company making this much money.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
AllHipHop.com reports that J Dilla's mother, Maureen "Ma Dukes" Yancey, has started Ruff Draft Records, named after the 2003 Dilla EP. The label will put out unreleased Dilla material, so maybe some of those tapes they just received will come in handy. The label's first release is Rebirth of Detroit, out June 12, which features Detroit artists (including Danny Brown) rapping over unreleased Dilla production.
Ruff Draft will also release music by young new artists. Here's what Ma Dukes told AllHipHop.com: "We want to make it more feasible to interact with these children; we don't know how many J. Dilla's we have out there. Somebody has to find them.”
The label is throwing a launch party on May 25 at the Magic Stick in Detroit, which will feature a Rebirth of Detroit listening party and performances by several Detroit artists.
Here's the Danny Brown track from Rebirth of Detroit, "Jay-Dee's Revenge":
Embedded content is unavailable.
The president of a prominent black college was blasted as the "overseer" of the "Trump plantation" in a spray-painted message — along with other graffiti on the Howard University campus — after a White House meeting with leaders of historically black colleges.
Washington, D.C., stations WTTG-TV and WRC-TV said Howard University President Wayne A.I. Frederick was part of Monday's meeting at the White House.
The graffiti was discovered Tuesday morning on the Washington, D.C., campus, DCist reported.
Here's Frederick's response to the graffiti:
Frederick also was criticized after meeting with Secretary of Education Nancy DeVos on campus in early February:
After their visit, Frederick said the school was "pleased" that DeVos "chose to visit our institution as their first official campus visit” and that Howard has "a longstanding, successful relationship with the Department of Education, and I look forward to advancing this relationship under the Secretary's leadership,” DCist reported.
Some students weren't buying it, though:
In fact, a student group — HUResist — met with Frederick and demanded Howard reject federal funding and ban Republican President Donald Trump from all university-affiliated buildings, the outlet noted.
HUResist said it wasn't behind the spray-painted message against Frederick:
Some Howard students weren't pleased about the graffiti.
"I see the students' need to protest, but this is just clear vandalism," sophomore Francisco Joseph told DCist. "I'm never about slandering people — this went a little bit too far."
Sophomore Taylor Washington told the outlet they also saw graffiti by some dorms and that the term "overseer" for Frederick is a slap in the face in the black community. "I just feel like it's a little dramatic," they said.
To celebrate the release of The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, I've drawn up a short list of novel adaptations due to hit cinemas next year, which I expect to be pretty spectacular. This is just a small sample of a number of great looking adaptations due out in 2013, ordered by release date. A word of warning, if you are unfamiliar with the story of The Hobbit, the final choice could perhaps be considered a spoiler.
1) The Great Gatsby
F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925 masterpiece, The Great Gatsby, is a classic, which many would not hesitate to call one of the greatest novels of the 20th century. Set in the US during the roaring twenties, the novel immerses the reader in the superficially glamorous world of the Jazz Age, and introduces them to the mysterious millionaire, Jay Gatsby.
The Great Gatsby has been adapted countless times, but the latest version set to grace the silver screen looks spectacular. Directed by Baz Luhrmann, who is no stranger to cinematic opulence, having helmed films such as Moulin Rouge, the movie boasts an A-list cast including Leonardo DiCaprio, Isla Fisher and Tobey Maguire. If the trailers are any indication, the film will be as glamorous and lively as the decade it depicts, ensuring fans of the book are not disappointed.
The Great Gatsby is scheduled for release in May 2013.
2) Ender's Game
Ender's Game is a 1985 science-fiction novel by Orson Scott Card, which won both the Nebula award and the Hugo award, the two most prestigious titles in the sci-fi genre. It follows the path of Ender Wiggin, a boy genius, as they think and fights their way through Battle School; the most brutal military training program in the galaxy. An army of bug-like aliens is intent on destroying the human race, and Ender may be the only one that can lead the forces of Earth to victory. But first they have to survive their training.
Ender's Game; the movie, is an idea that has floated around for a long time, and has finally gained enough traction to become reality. The film is directed by Gavin Hood (X-Men Origins: Wolverine), and features a strong cast of young stars, including Asa Butterfield (Hugo) as the eponymous Ender, and Abigail Breslin (Little Miss Sunshine) as their sister, Valentine. Experience on set is provided by acting behemoth Ben Kingsley and, a man who is no stranger to battling aliens, Harrison Ford.If the talented cast can do the novel justice, I have no doubt that it will not only be the greatest science fiction movie of the year, but one of the greatest films of the year.
Ender's Game is set for release in October 2013.
3) The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
This month sees the release of The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, the first in a new trilogy of films sets in J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth. The Desolation of Smaug is the second installment in this trilogy, centred around Bilbo and the dwarves' dealings with the dragon, Smaug. After riddles in the dark, I think the desolation of Smaug is the strongest part of Tolkien's prequel to The Lord of The Rings, and I can't wait to see it on the big screen. I'm sure that after fans have seen The Hobbit – An Unexpected Journey, this sentiment will be shared by millions.
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug will be released in December 2013.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The Ohio Cops for Kids charity bilked thousands of donors out of $4.2 million while the charity spent less than 2 percent of its money on actual charitable donations, according to a lawsuit filed Wednesday by the Ohio Attorney General.
Attorney General Mike DeWine called the Ashtabula-based program a "sham" operation. Its two organizers, Thomas Duffy and Charles Hitzel, along with Telcom Enterprises of Ohio, the telemarketing company the charity used to solicit donations, are all named as defendants in the lawsuit.
"We believe Cops for Kids is a sham operation that has defrauded Ohioans out of millions of dollars while performing almost no legitimate charitable work," DeWine said.
The charity, which was founded in 2004, has no affiliation with any law enforcement agencies. It is also not affiliated with other charities with similar names, including the Cleveland Cops for Kids program, according to Cleveland Police Foundation Director of Development and Programming Angela Bennet.
DeWine said that they will refer their investigation to county prosecutors, but that they don't believe there is a strong enough criminal case to pursue charges. They said their office filed the lawsuit because the charity misled donors and grossly misspent donations. The lawsuit is filed in Franklin County Common Pleas Court.
Hitzel is a former North Kingsville Police Chief. Duffy is a retired manager of a fiberglass company who is involved in several other organizations, including the Northeast Ohio Police Athletic League, according to Cops for Kids' website.
Messages left for Hitzel and Duffy Wednesday were not immediately returned. Calls to Telcom went unanswered and messages were unable to be left.
The Cops for Kids' mission is to provide money to help support children who are victims or whose family members are victims of crimes, according to the charity's website.
The lawsuit says the charity between 2005 and 2015 used more than $3.3 million to pay Telecom and $614,000 was used for Hitzel's and Duffy's salaries.
Only $73,840 went to charitable programs. Thousands of Ohioans across the state donated to the charity, DeWine said.
"If someone donated $100 to them, only 80 cents would go to charitable purposes," DeWine said.
DeWine said their office is seeking a permanent injunction barring the charity and Telecom from soliciting donations in Ohio. They will also seek to have Duffy and Hitzel prohibited from working or running another non-profit charity.
They are also seeking restitution and fines. Any restitution ordered in the case would be donated to charitable organizations that seek to provide similar help to crime victims, DeWine said.
The organization also runs scholarship and educational programs with the names: "Shop with a Cop," "Buckeye Teddy Bear" and "Bucks for Boots, the lawsuit says. It claimed to provide winter clothes to needy children and shopping sprees for kids, according to the lawsuit.
The charity, however, only involved sending toy bears to local police agencies to give out, paying other agencies and funding only a few $500 scholarships, according to the lawsuit.
DeWine also said many of the donors were confused by the organization's name and their marketing strategy. Many donors believed that the group was officially affiliated with their local police department.
Telcom is accused of misleading potential donors about Cops for Kids' affiliation to local police agencies and other false information regarding the charity, according to the lawsuit.
"There are plenty of children's and law enforcement groups that could use support, so to run this kind of scheme is shameful," DeWine said.
If you'd like to comment on this story, visit Wednesday's crime and courts comments section.
ctvmontreal.ca
MONTREAL - French language activists say there are hundreds of violations of Bill 101 going on in Montreal, so on Wednesday morning they filed 850 complaints with the Office Quebecois de la langue Francaise.
Led by the Societe Saint-Jean Baptiste and the Mouvement Quebec Francais, 300 of the complaints were collected by one retired worker who spends their days looking for egregious language violations.
Standing in front of the bust of Camille Laurin, the father of Bill 101, English-only flyers from grocery stores and tailors were presented as examples of violations.
"For the last 15 years, Montreal is becoming increasingly English. The national language of Quebec is French and French is a minority in North America," said Paolo Philpot, a spokesperson for the SSJB.
"It is very important that the Office de la langue Francaise make sure that Bill 101 is respected."
Former head of they Equality Party, Robert Libman said he's bothered by all the recent Anglo-bashing.
"Why is the pot boiling again? Is someone bored out there and they're just looking to pick a fight?" they said.
Libman points to a recent editorial in the French newspaper L'actualite which blamed the demise of French on Anglos not buying into Bill 101.
"It's tantamount to get beating up by a bully and the bully's mad at you for denting their steel toe boots," they said.
The majority of the violations were found in Cote-des-Neiges and the St. Laurent industrial park—some of which fall within the riding of Culture and Communications Minister Christine St-Pierre.
St-Pierre said more needs to be done.
"We are 2 per cent in North America. The French language will have to be protected forever," they said.
Libman said it's unnecessary.
"The promotion of French doesn't have to be a zero-sum game. You don't have to diminish English to promote French and that's something many people have never understood in Quebec," they said.
Complaining about some employers in the industrial park who ask for bilingualism from prospective workers, the activists demanded that the Liberal government do more to combat what it called the "progressive spread of Anglicization on the island of Montreal."
Under Jean Charest's tenure, the OQLF has added 10 new inspectors to the 50 already on staff.
Two people, including a woman, died in police firing during a drive to evict illegal settlers, many alleged Bangladeshis, near the 430 sq km Kaziranga National Park on Monday morning.
The Assam Minority Students' Union (AAMSU) termed the eviction drive inhuman and called for a highway blockades across the state in protest.
The Gauhati high court had in October last year ordered eviction in three villages – Bandardubi, Deosursang and Palkhowa – near KNP. The area, about 200 km east of Guwahati, falls in Nagaon district.
The eviction was scheduled for Wednesday, but the Nagaon district authorities advanced it reportedly to prevent the settlers' resistance from building up.
District officials said more than 1,000 security personnel were sent to Bandardubi and adjoining Deosursang and Palkhowa areas to help in the eviction drive. While a few Assamese families had shifted ahead of the drive, others tried to prevent the eviction team from entering their area.
Two people, identified as Anjuma Khatun and Fakhruddin, died in the melee that ensued. At least 10 others were injured.
“When the situation turned violent, we resorted to firing tear gas shells but we did not fire a single shot,” a police officer said, declining to be quoted.
Shamsher Singh, deputy commissioner of Nagaon district, said stampede killed the two people. “The people were instigated by a group. Their leaders may be arrested if a probe links them to the death of the two people.
Officials said they had instructions to evict some 190 families in the area where section 144 had been imposed as a precautionary measure.
The eviction, Assam forest minister Pramila Rani Brahma said, is in the greater interest of the wildlife and biodiversity of Kaziranga.
“Besides, the eviction is being carried out as per the order of the High Court. The indigenous people with land-holding papers had moved out much before the eviction drive but a section is creating an adverse environment to cause trouble, but we have asked the authorities to take care so that people are not hurt,” health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said.
They added that the government would provide compensation to the people within 40 days of the eviction. “Those who do not have patta land too would be compensated after considering all the factors.”
But peasant leader Akhil Gogoi said the people should have been allowed to remain until an alternative arrangement was made. “Where will these people go? The government is trying to create a Singur-like situation near Kaziranga,” they said.
Assam Congress president Ripun Bora, who had visited the area, said the eviction was inhuman. “We understand Kaziranga's natural wealth needs protection, but not at the cost of human lives and misery. We condemn the eviction and demand alternative settlement for the people.”
Bandardubi resident Nurul Islam said they never knew they were illegal settlers. “After living here for 60 years, we are suddenly asked to go somewhere else. What is the guarantee that we will not be hounded as Bangladeshis wherever we are made to relocate?”
The AAMSU indicated the drive was specifically targeted at the minority community. “We have asked our supporters to block highways to protest the inhuman eviction,” a union spokesperson said in communique.
The evicted villagers, mostly Bengali-speaking Muslims, said they were descendants of paddy farmers the British had settled more than a century ago along Assam's river banks and water bodies to “grow more rice”.
Forest officials said encroachment on the fringes of Kaziranga has been a major hurdle to checking poaching of rhino and other animals in the park. Encroachers of suspect nationality are also involved in illegal fishing inside Kaziranga wetlands and felling of trees.
Declared a protected area in 1905 when there were barely a dozen one-horned rhinos alive, Kaziranga was upgraded to a national park in 1974. Conservation efforts led to the increase in the population of rhinos, tigers and wild buffalos made the government expand Kaziranga's buffer zone.
Over the years, 429.49 sq km were added to Kaziranga across six parts. The first, fourth and sixth additions to the park are under heavy encroachment of suspected illegal migrants.
First Published: Sep 19, 2016 11:30 IST
Review There's no doubt that smartphones are getting more robust. Both the Sony Xperia Z and the forthcoming Samsung Galaxy S4 Active boast IP57-rated resistance to dust and water intrusion which is handy if you take your phone to the beach or the pool and come over all clumsy.
Drop either of them out of a third-floor window on a building site, or drive over them in a Range Rover, though, and it will all end in tears. The Caterpillar Cat B15, however, is designed to survive just such abuse, as you'd expect from a handset designed by the folks who make big yellow construction equipment. Or by a company licensing the big yellow brand, as Bullitt Mobile has here.
Bullitt Mobile's B15: the Cat with nine lives?
The B15 is currently the only viable hard-as-nails smartphone on the market. JCB's discontinued Pro-Smart can still be picked up here and there, but it boasts a hopelessly out-of-date spec: Android 2.3 and an 800MHz processor, anyone? Sonim's handsets may be as tough as old boots but they are also as dumb as a bag of hammers.
The B15's specification on the other hand isn't too shabby. You get stock Android 4.1.2 running on a 1GHz dual-core MediaTek MT6577 Cortex A-9 SoC; a 4-inch, 480 x 800 screen; 5MP and 0.3MP cameras; and a 2000mAh battery. Granted, that spec isn't going to tempt anyone away from an HTC One, but it's a solid enough offering for a tough phone with a £285 SIM-free sticker price.
Besides being as ‘ard as a cockney gangster in a Guy Ritchie flick, the B15 has another unusual feature: two SIM slots, complete with a usefully comprehensive menu with which to manage them. Changing which SIM does what, or switching one off completely, is the work of seconds, which should help keep some clear blue bathroom sealant between your work and private life.
With the back open: note the double-decker SIM slots
While the B15 certainly looks like a device designed for life on a building site, Caterpillar hasn't gone overboard with the phone's styling. Sure it's quite a square and chunky old lump but it's still small. At 170g, it's only a smidge heavier than a Nokia Lumia 820. And it's smart enough to pass muster down the boozer after knocking-off time.
It's obvious from the get-go that some serious thought has gone into the design. The Caterpillar-yellow volume keys are well separated to aid gloved-hand usage, while the camera button between them requires a three-second push to activate, the better to avoid accidental launches.
The power button at the top is similarly designed to be easy to activate deliberately but difficult to do so accidentally.
Another clever touch is the micro USB port cover. If the rubber plug ever breaks you can just unscrew the bit that's still attached to your phone and replace the entire thing. You can't do the same with the 3.5mm audio jack cover on the top of the phone but it's so robust I can't imagine how you'd ever rip it off.
On a ladder... but no signal, guv
Of more importance in everyday use are the 15mm-thick square sides, which make it a very easy device to hold firmly with cold and wet hands, or while wearing gloves. That said, the touchscreen isn't one of the magic works-with-gloves types.
Officially, the B15 is certified to IP67 standard which means it's dustproof and waterproof when dunked in up to one metre of water for 30 minutes. But that's only part of the story.
Thanks to thick silicon rubber bumpers at the top and bottom, and aluminium side panels, the B15 can survive a 1.8m drop onto concrete. I know: I dropped one from a second-storey window at closer to 3m onto a stone patio, and no harm done.
Survivor: out from under a Range Rover Sport... intact and working
I also drove over it in a Range Rover Sport on a gravel drive, left it overnight at the bottom of a nearby stream - so much for the 30-minute dunking maximum - and then stuck it (after a wash) in a pint of Banks's Mild until I got thirsty. It survived all those experiences none the worse for wear.
Will Terrell Suggs play elsewhere next season?
During Wednesday's State of the Union in Baltimore, Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome hinted that the team's premier pass rusher is far from untouchable.
Set to count $12.4 million on the books in 2014, Suggs looms as an expensive piece of the puzzle for a team without much salary-cap room. Newsome said the Ravens will "have to talk about" Suggs' future, with the GM clarifying that he's not afraid to let players walk.
Suggs, 31, tore out of the gate this season with nine sacks over their first eight games. They finished with 10.
It speaks volumes that Baltimore is weighing their release when he's still under contract. Suggs is still one of the league's top 3-4 'backers and a beast against the run. If the Ravens cut him, he'd likely earn a fortune on the open market from a team convinced -- two years removed from Achilles surgery -- that he's got plenty left in the tank.
Here's what else we learned from Baltimore's meeting of the minds:
1. Owner Steve Bisciotti characterized the team's 8-8 finish as a major disappointment. "Had we not had the history over the past five years," they said, "I probably would demand wholesale changes."
2. One immediate change comes in the coaching ranks, where run game coordinator Juan Castillo will now oversee an offensive line that let the Ravens down in 2013, contributing to the firing of running backs coach Wilbert Montgomery. The Castillo switch means that current line coach Andy Moeller is either out of work or facing a new assignment. "The rest of it is in a little bit of flux," coach John Harbaugh said.
John Harbaugh said they understand why Juan Castillo became a "lightning rod" and attributed it to their title. "That's on me." â Baltimore Ravens (@ Ravens) January 8, 2014
3. After parting ways with a handful of familiar faces last offseason, Newsome said the Ravens will be "active" in free agency come March. They suggested one strategy would include chasing down released players to save compensatory picks.
4. One soon-to-be free agent, Ravens tight end Dennis Pitta, remains in the plans: "We would like to have (him) on the football field for us," Newsome said. The general manager acknowledged "it's a possibility" Baltimore will use its franchise tag on Pitta. That said, the Ravens weren't able to keep everyone around last offseason, and they don't have the cash to do it all.
5. Bisciotti told reporters: "I think you're going to see a lot of changes in personnel and how we approach that." Newsome cited the team's top needs as: (1) bigger interior linemen on offense; (2) an athletic safety; and (3) receivers or tight ends equipped to make plays on third-and-long.
6. Bisciotti also took an opportunity weigh in on Steelers coach Mike Tomlin's sideline antics on Thanksgiving night, calling the episide "bizarre" and "strange." Said Bisciotti: "His intent, that's in their court," adding they were just glad to see the Ravens escape with a win.
7. The overriding takeaway? Baltimore, an organization completely uncomfortable with missing the playoffs, isn't sitting still. It will be fascinating to watch what levers Newsome and their crew pull in the months ahead.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" featured a very special in-studio visit from Bears star Brandon Marshall.
Can you imagine a soy-free, cholesterol-free, optionally gluten-free, faux meat-free BURGER that tastes so good you could become hooked ? Discover the magic of a great taste in a burger – healthy ingredients and a wonderful aroma that could convert any person contemplating veganism. But better than anything ever, YOU can make these burgers in the comfort of your own home, when you like, and as many times as you wish. They can be frozen, BBQ'd, fried, baked – and they're child-friendly too.
Could this be the next most famous, and most loved non-meat burger of all times ? I don't know, but what I do know is, it's darn good and I'm proud of it. Ladies and gentlemen, I bring to you my ‘VEGAN BURGER KING'. Enjoy, and please comment on my blog once made and tasted, and I wish you a grand Bon Appétit in the meantime. X
Makes 8 to 10 burgers depending on size
INGREDIENTS
flax egg : 2½ Tbsp ground flaxseed mixed with ½ cup warm water
¾ cup (measurement before cooking) white short grain rice (best to use white, as it's more glutenous) – washed, drained and boiled separately
1 cup (measurement before cooking) puy lentils * – washed, drained, and boiled separately (see instructions on pack and don't over-cook them)
1 cup pecan nuts, finely processed
1 red onion (about ½ cup), finely chopped
1 medium sized portobello mushroom (about ½ cup), finely chopped
1 cup oat flour, or other gluten free flour of your choice
2 slices wholewheat bread (or gluten free), finely processed
1/3 cup sunflower seeds, finely processed
a handful of fresh parsley, processed
½ tsp baking powder
½ tsp chilli powder (optional)
½ tsp curry powder (optional)
½ tsp Himalayan salt
2 Tbsp teriyaki sauce (optional)
1 tsp Thai style seasoning
just under ¼ tsp asafoetida poweder
ACCOMPANIMENTS FOR YOUR BURGER
a few Iceberg lettuce leaves, roughly chopped (optional)
cucumber slices (optional)
gherkins (optional)
1 slice of griddle pan fried eggplant/aubergine (optional)
1 portobello mushroom, finely chopped and fried in your griddle pan
vegan cheese slices (optional)
a thousand island dressing – a mixture of vegan mayonnaise and ketchup in equal proportions (optional)
French's mustard (link), or both
½ red bell pepper, sliced in strips lengthways and fried in your griddle pan
olive oil
wholewheat (or gluten free) burger buns ( you may toast the inside of these in readiness for assembling your burger once it's ready).
NOTE : * Puy lentils are a must for this recipe because they have the correct texture that helps create the ‘right-bite' and texture that this burger yields. Other beans or lentils will not work anything like as well.
ANOTHER NOTE : For an even denser burger, add more flax eggs (use 50 % more). Also, make sure you do not overcook the puy lentils, then, when you have drained them well, allow them to dry for an hour or so next to a window so that they lose more moisture, and add a little more dried breadcrumbs. These 3 tips will yield a denser burger. Without eggs we cannot get a burger as dense as a non-vegan one, but we sure as ever can make a tastier one, and certainly a denser one than most vegan ones.
METHOD
Start off by making your flax egg mixture. Grind your flaxseed in a coffee grinder or a high speed blender – this is far more advisable than using ready ground flaxseed, which can often turn rancid. Use a small hand whisk or fork to mix the ground flaxseed with ½ a cup of warm water in a medium-sized bowl until well blended and thick, and then place your flax egg mix in the fridge for at least 15 minutes (ideally closer to an hour), to give it time to set. Meanwhile boil your rice and puy lentils separately in plenty of water. Be careful not to overcook the lentils, as they need to be a little chewy, and not mushy. Finely chop your onion and mushroom, and place in a large bowl. Then process your pecan nuts, and add them to the onion and mushroom mixture. Add in the remaining ingredients (to the onion and mushroom mix), except for the flax egg, and stir thoroughly. Then add in the flax egg mix, and continue to mix until well combined – I preferred to get grubby, and used my hands to give it the final mix at this stage – I advise this because you have better control, and the flavours are better distributed. Then, using slightly wet hands, form into tight round patties, transfer onto a pre-greased baking tray, and place in the freezer for 20 to 30 minutes – this helps them to bind better in readiness for frying or baking. Then take out the burgers you need for cooking now, and any remaining can be put in a freezer bag and frozen (they cook just fine from frozen). If you prefer to bake rather than fry your burgers, pre-heat your oven to 400ºF (200ºC), and bake on a pre-greased baking tray for 15 minutes or so on each side until golden (I haven't tried baking them, because I find most burgers taste far better fried than baked). Otherwise griddle fry your burgers for 5 or 6 minutes each side, until they have a deep golden colour, then transfer into a well-greased ovenproof dish – do not cover, and place in the oven on a low heat (around 210ºF/ 100ºC) whilst you fry your veggies. Now griddle fry your portobello mushrooms, onion slices and red pepper in olive oil until nicely charred, then sprinkle on a little teriyaki sauce. Meanwhile lightly toast the inside of the burger buns, then remove burgers from oven. Assemble the burgers (according to preference) by placing the lettuce, cucumber and gherkin on the base of the bun, followed by a good dousing of thousand island dressing (see above), the burger, a layer of vegan cheese (optional), the fried onions, the mustard (French's is best – link), followed by a layer of portobello mushroom and red pepper. Then close the top of the burger, prepare to engage your jaws by opening your mouth wide, and launch in !
All recipes and content © Miriam Sorrell mouthwateringvegan.com 2010
PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO THE COMMENT BOX AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS PAGE TO LEAVE YOUR COMMENT ON THIS RECIPE. THANK YOU.
A New York family is desperate for help after the disappearance of 21-year-old Miles Applebaum this week.
"Our horrible fear is that we'll never find them again," their father, Edward Applebaum, told The Huffington Post. "It's our worst nightmare."
Miles Applebaum hasn't been seen or heard from since Monday morning, when they left their home in Armonk, a hamlet in the town of North Castle about 50 miles northeast of New York City.
"He said, 'Goodbye, I'm going to work, I love you,'" Edward Applebaum said of their last interaction with their son.
Miles Applebaum is a junior on medical leave from Temple University in Philadelphia. They work for a local music school and volunteers at a nature center, their father said.
"When they never came home for dinner Monday night, we called the police," said Edward Applebaum.
The distraught father said they and their wife are very concerned for their son, the middle of their three children, because they have been suffering from severe depression in recent months.
"He was suicidal and has been on and off various medications," Edward Applebaum said.
There has been no activity in Miles Applebaum's bank account and their phone has not been turned on since Monday morning -- something their dad said is "out of character."
Their vehicle, a 1999 forest green Volvo S80 with New York license #Z524CL, also is missing.
The North Castle Police Department is investigating Applebaum's disappearance.
Edward Applebaum said investigators are conducting a forensic examination of their son's computer, hoping to find clues about their disappearance.
"I'm hopeful," Edward Applebaum said. "It's just that as the hours tick by, my optimism is waning."
Anyone with information is asked to contact North Castle police at 914-273-9500.
Health Minister Jane Philpott says the Liberal government won't increase the health-care funding formula imposed by former prime minister Stephen Harper's government.
"That conversation is largely a conversation between finance ministers and at this point I have no reason to believe that we're going to change that," Philpott said in an interview with Evan Solomon, host of CTV's Question Period.
The provincial and territorial governments have been guaranteed six per cent increases in their transfers from the federal government since former prime minister Paul Martin struck a deal with them in 2004. In 2011, with the deal approaching expiration, the Harper Conservatives told the provinces and territories that they were cutting the annual increase, known as an escalator, to three per cent - with the possibility of more depending on the country's economic growth.
The new formula is to start next April, despite six years of protests by the premiers.
"I do not intend to push for an increase in the escalator," Philpott said.
"I know that the provinces and territories are hoping for new investments in health care, and I hope that we will be able to deliver those. We've already made it clear about [committing] $3 billion for home care. I want that in the 2017 budget."
But Philpott warned the only way to get new health funding into the next federal budget is to reach agreement "by roughly the end of this year." They say they hope to meet their provincial and territorial counterparts around mid-October to work on a possible deal.
"I want more investment…. We're prepared to discuss further investments in areas like innovation," they said.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promised during last year's election campaign to collaborate with their provincial and territorial counterparts on a new health accord, but the only money the Liberals pledged was $3 billion for home care.
Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil says the decrease in the annual escalator will be the second hit to provincial health budgets, which could change how services are delivered. On top of the change to the annual increase, the Conservatives amended the funding formula to base it on size of population alone, without taking into account the average age of the province's citizens. That's hurt provinces with older populations who require more health care and earn smaller incomes, resulting in less tax revenue.
"Let's see what the negotiation looks like," McNeil said in an interview on Question Period.
"This is the number one issue for every Canadian province. This is our single biggest line item, delivering health care to our citizens."
The Canadian Institute for Health Information, which collects and analyzes data on health care, reported in 2015 that total health spending in Canada hit $219.1 billion, or $6,105 per Canadian. CIHI also reported health-care spending isn't keeping pace with inflation and population growth, and that it's decreased an average of 0.6 per cent a year since 2011.
This year, the federal government will transfer $36.1 billion to the provinces and territories for health care, out of a total federal budget of $296.6 billion.
An agreement is possible, McNeil said, if the federal government offers substantial funding for home care, adolescent mental health, or catastrophic drug coverage, all of which are costly for the provinces.
"Let's see if that's the number they stick with. Let's see if they add on to that, quite frankly, in terms of the delivery of adolescent mental health or mental health in general... What do they add in terms of catastrophic drug coverage that we as the provinces are already covering? Can we use some of the funding that we have then to continue to deliver the services, looking at wait times and making sure that we have physicians in communities across the province?"
"As long as they're coming forward with the kind of funding that will be required, there will be some flexibility in some of the funding that we have. But it has to be substantive enough that we can deliver the services that Canadians expect from coast-to-coast."
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – A 36-year-old Pine City man is accused of sexually assaulting two workers in the group home where they resided in northern Minnesota, according to charges filed Thursday in Pine County Court.
Chad Phillip Johansen was arrested on Tuesday in connection with the incident. They were charged Thursday with kidnapping and six counts of first and second-degree criminal sexual conduct.
According to police, Johansen pre-staged zip ties on their bad at the group home, took the purse of a female staff member and dumped it on the floor in the hallway near their bedroom door.
The staff member saw their purse on the floor and went over to Johansen to confront them about it. That's when they grabbed the woman's arm, dragged them into their room and sexually assaulted her, according to a criminal complaint. A second female staff member tried to intervene, but Johansen had the first woman tied down and then grabbed the second staff member by the neck and held them between their legs.
Both victims screamed at Johnson that they were going to prison during the incident, and they said they didn't care, the complaint states. One of the victims then screamed something about “Jesus,” and they stopped the assault, calmed down and went to the living room of the facility.
Johansen was promptly arrested without incident and taken to the Pine County Jail. It was learned they are on supervised release from Ramsey County and was staying at the group home under a court order.
The case is still under investigation at this time.
It's really hard for hardware manufacturers to stand out once CES starts, especially if they're promoting budget devices that don't grab headlines. So those without eye-popping gadgets are starting to announce them earlier and earlier - for example, if Archos hadn't exercised a bit more restraint with this new budget phone and a trio of tablets, it would have technically been a year before its Las Vegas debut. Meet the new Archos 50 Diamond smartphone and three Archos Helium 4G tablets.
Like most of Archos' hardware as of late, all four devices fit squarely in the budget category, at least in terms of specifications. The 50 Diamond looks pretty typical aside from its vibrant yellow case, which also comes in black. It's a 5-inch, 1080p device running on the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 and 2GB of RAM, which means it should be able to handle just about any typical Android activity even without the top-tier performance of the 800 series. Archos is casting a wide net, combining decent specs with crowd-pleasing extras like a MicroSD card slot on top of the typical 16GB of storage, 16MP rear and 8MP front-facing cameras, and dual SIM card slots to take advantage of Category 4 LTE. The non-removable battery is a slightly underwhelming 2700mAh, but it keeps the phone slim at 8mm.
Archos 70 Helium
The tablet trio of the 70 Helium 4G, 80b Helium 4G, and 101 Helium 4G follow the familiar seven, eight, ten-inch screen trifecta favored by Samsung and LG. The tablets' biggest distinguishing feature is dual-SIM LTE wireless built in, something that's not often seen on budget or base model tablets. They'll need that edge, since their core specs are much more budget-oriented: all three run on a MediaTek MT8732 1.5Ghz processor and a single gigabyte of RAM, with a tight 8GB of storage space plus a MicroSD card slot. The smaller tablets use cameras that are a disappointing 2MP on the back (though they do have an LED flash, not a given on tablets) while the ten-incher bumps it up to 5MP, and all three have a .3MP shooter on the front. The 7-inch 70 Helium makes do with a 1024x600 screen and a relatively tiny 2500mAh battery, the 80b Helium bumps it up to 1280x800 and 3600mAh, and the 101 Helium uses the same resolution with a 6500mAh battery.
Archos 80b Helium
All four devices run on Android 4.4, which is a little disappointing, but Archos claims that the software comes "without any skins or overlays to pollute the user experience." That looks about right, though the 50 Diamond uses capacitive navigation buttons in a non-standard order. The phone and tablets also include media apps from Archos, which tend to be considerably more flexible and powerful than those from Google or other manufacturers.
Archos 101 Helium
No price or date has been announced for the 50 Diamond, 70 Helium, 80b Helium, or 101 Helium. We'll be seeing the new phone and tablets starting next week at CES, so expect them to come out in Archos' home territory of Europe sometime in the first half of this year.
Update: More phones. The Helium phone line is also getting refreshed: the 45B Helium 4G uses a Qualcomm 410, a mere 512MB of RAM, 4GB of storage, a MicroSD card slot, a 5MP rear camera, and a 4.5-inch 854x480 screen. The 50b Helium 4G bumps things up with 1GB of RAM, 8GB of storage, an 8MP camera, and a 720p 5-inch screen. The 50c Helium is a cheaper 5-inch option with an MK6732M processor, 854x480 resolution, and a 5MP camera. All three use dual SIM card slots.
Left to right: 45b Helium, 50b Helium, 50c Helium
Veles, Macedonia, the Fleet Street of fake Trump news.
Last night, BuzzFeed, building on reports in the Guardian and an English-language Macedonian news site called Meta, described a “digital gold rush” in Veles, a small city in central Macedonia: Locals, mostly teenagers and college students, have “launched at least 140 US politics websites” with “American-sounding domain names such as WorldPoliticus.com, TrumpVision365.com, USConservativeToday.com, DonaldTrumpNews.co, and USADailyPolitics.com.” These sites mostly publish plagiarized conservative news and made-up conservative “news,” and sometimes, best of all, conservative “news” that is both made up and plagiarized.
The Macedonian millennials aren't (necessarily) looking to influence the election or analyze U.S. politics — they want to draw in American visitors through Facebook and make money off of sales of display ads on their bootleg politics sites. “In Macedonia the economy is very weak and teenagers are not allowed to work, so we need to find creative ways to make some money,” one 17-year-old told BuzzFeed's Craig Silverman. “I'm a musician but I can't afford music gear.” Put another way: Post-Tito teenagers are selling digital tabloids to gullible Americans to pay for Korg mixers. Real life always ends up being stranger than anything you can imagine.
It's not just Macedonian media barons, either: In August, John Herrman profiled a number of Americans running similarly crude politics-themed Facebook pages (one American outsources the difficult work of copy-and-pasting other news articles to a couple in the Philippines). The business model is not particularly different from any mainstream publisher's social-media strategy in an era where more people look at Facebook than all news outlets combined: Build a Facebook page, gather a large following, and try to draw that audience off of Facebook and onto your site, where you're serving the ads off of which you draw revenue. If you're a mainstream publisher, it's a frustrating model, since the margins are extremely thin — the aggregate cost of enticing a given reader is, at best, only slightly less than the ad revenue they generate, and is often more.
But what if — spitballing here — you could eliminate all the things that make news articles expensive to produce and difficult to sell? You know: reporting, fact-checking, editing, a big office, web hosting, ad sellers, ethical objections to plagiarism, a commitment to not making shit up, etc. The difference between the New York Times and the Macedonian blog ConservativeState.com — well, uh, one difference — is that the “articles” on Conservative State (“Daily Conservative Info”) have no purpose but to induce people to click and share them, and cost almost nothing to publish. This one (“Hillary Clinton In 2013: ‘I Would Like To See People Like Donald Trump Run For Office; They're Honest And Can't Be Bought'”), for example, is lifted wholesale from another traffic arbitrageur, TheRightists.com, which is shocking, except that the story itself is also completely made up. It required one person mere minutes to produce, with no overhead, and it's vastly more engaging than actual, true news would be. Best of all, it's incredibly easy to monetize, thanks to automated ad networks like Google AdSense.
This Facebook-news arbitrage scheme is booming this election season, thanks to this confluence of Facebook (and its ability to drive an audience), Google (and its ability to seamlessly monetize any website), and this particular election (and its ability to fill people with passionate, spitting rage). Thanks to our new media landscape, hoaxes, exaggerations, and outright lies aren't just able to propagate but are actually incentivized. And it's not clear that there's an easy way to fix it.
If there is any encouraging news, it's this: The Macedonian scheme is only hugely profitable thanks to Donald Trump. A wily and unscrupulous traffic publisher can likely make money off of pages centered around right-wing (or left-wing) news more broadly, but only Trump — popular, omnipresent, engaged in a high-stakes and time-limited battle — is inflating a small bubble in Facebook traffic arbitrage. If they fade from view, a number of these pages, and their proprietors, will shut down their sites and, with any luck, find a line of work less directly mendacious.
But not all of them. The problem of fake news on Facebook may be exacerbated by this particularly charged election season and its polarizing main figure, but its roots are in the structure of how information disseminates online. So long as social media makes it easy for incorrect information to travel quickly across its networks, and so long as ad networks make it possible to make money off getting people to look at stuff, this problem will be with us.
It might seem relatively simple to demand that Facebook, the most powerful media company on the planet, start clearly marking (or even suppressing) hoax or fake news sites — to assume editorial responsibility over the content published on its site. But determining the reliability or truth of a given news outlet or story has become a political project as much as an empirical one, and political projects tend to make hugely profitable businesses with large customer bases very nervous. When it was discovered that the “editors” of Facebook's “trending” widget were ignoring “trending topics” linked to conservative stories (mostly spurious or unnewsworthy ones), the company fired them, appeasing conservative outrage. Almost immediately, fake news — all of it conservative — started popping up intermittently in the “trending” widget. As we've said in the past, Facebook's hoax-news problem is rooted in a conservative movement that has no loyalty to facts — but Facebook has no desire to reinsert itself into an argument it can't possibly win.
More depressingly, even if we were able to convince Facebook to accept the civic responsibility associated with its power (and good luck there), where would it begin? One-quarter of the world's population uses Facebook; hundreds of millions of links are posted to the site every day. Right now, the company contracts vast rooms of moderators in the Philippines and elsewhere to review flagged images and posts for offensive content. Imagine the kind of resources it'd take to start actively moderating links not just for offensiveness but for accuracy, especially given the current moderators' mixed success at the complex and culturally driven process of determining which content is offensive.
But, ultimately, the problem isn't just that Facebook doesn't have the resources to pay for an army of well-paid, nuance-trained American editor-moderators (because, well: it does). It's that doing so would undermine Facebook's entire project. Facebook is built to engage its users, and to reward those users who produce engaging content. Every buzzkill debunking, every warning of caution, makes the site as a whole less engaging. This isn't, really, Facebook's fault, even: The bias toward news that confirms your beliefs — and the instinct to share that news — goes deep. All Facebook is doing is leveraging it. If it stops doing so, someone else will.
Correction: This article initially referred to the Macedonian teenagers maintaining hoax news sites on Facebook as “post-Soviet.” However, as many readers have pointed out, Macedonia was a federal subject of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, which was officially nonaligned and pointedly independent from the Soviet Union. The reference to the particular 20th-century political cosmology from which the teenagers are “post-” has been updated.
ONE of France's best-known mail order catalogues apologised today after web users noticed a naked man in the background of an advertising photo published in the children's section of its website.
The photo, showing four young children with their arms around each other running on the beach while a naked man walks serenely through the sea behind them, was removed from the site but has since gone viral on the internet.
"La Redoute has withdrawn the photo in question from its website, it has posted apologies on Facebook and Twitter," said a spokesperson.
"An internal inquiry has also been opened to determine how the error happened."
Comments on La Redoute's Facebook page ranged from "to err is human" to accusations of "a marketing coup by La Redoute's web team ahead of the winter sales."
Web users, meanwhile, used the site's magnifying glass function to extract a high-resolution image of the unknown man and paste it into a variety of inventive collages now making the rounds of the internet.
The naked man can be seen alongside a holidaying President Nicolas Sarkozy, behind the first men on the Moon, fighting Darth Vader and wearing the face of scandal-hit former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn.
Scotland Yard says three police officers were taken to hospital, including one thrown from their horse outside Buckingham Palace
A Scotland Yard commander has described how police officers came under attack as the Million Mask march in central London descended into a “completely unacceptable” night of violence.
Cdr Ben-Julian Harrington, the officer in charge of policing protests in London, vowed to bring to justice the dozens of activists arrested for offences, including two for assaulting police officers.
They said: “Officers have been hospitalised, a police horse suffered injuries and a police car was criminally damaged during the course of the protest, which is completely unacceptable.
“I praise the professionalism and restraint that officers have shown in the face of hostile provocation and enabled the policing operation to pass without major incidents. We will bring those responsible for the criminality to face justice.”
Scotland Yard said three police officers were taken to hospital, including one who was thrown from their horse in chaotic scenes outside Buckingham Palace.
At least 50 protesters were arrested on Thursday night, the majority for public order offences after breaching police containments – also known as “kettling” – in St Martin's Place, Trafalgar Square and Whitehall after the march was due to end at 9pm.
The Scotland Yard statement came as footage emerged of a photographer being run over by a white Aston Martin after the car was surrounded by masked protesters.
Phil Caller (@Phil_Caller) Video: Sports car knocks over & injuries protester on #MillionMaskMarch after being surrounded by breakaway group pic.twitter.com/fFOVrueQg8
What started off as a peaceful protest descended into violence when activists clashed with officers. A police car was set alight and its windscreen smashed near Green Park as thousands of anti-capitalist demonstrators marched past the capital's landmarks wearing the trademark Guy Fawkes masks of the Anonymous hacking group.
Scotland Yard said a small number of people were involved in setting alight a police car on Queen Anne's Gate, near the Ministry of Justice, shortly before 8pm. No officers were injured and an investigation into the incident continues, the force said.
Charlotte Wright (@Chilli_Wright) Someone set a police car on fire. Officer putting it out now. #MillionMaskMarch @LBC pic.twitter.com/kyA9tZv8Km
Harrington added: “We facilitate hundreds of protests every year in London peacefully and with the cooperation of the organisers. On this occasion a group of protesters chose not to engage with police or adhere to the conditions of the protest and were intent on criminality.
“I'd like to thank those who conducted themselves in a peaceful manner and as well as Londoners for their patience and tolerance whilst antisocial and intimidating behaviour was happening.”
Out of the 50 arrests, at least 27 protesters were held for public order offences and two for assaulting police officers, Scotland Yard said. Three men were arrested before the march began after a police search turned up knives, smoke and paint grenades, gas canisters and lock picks. The three men, aged 38, 55 and 50, were held at a central London police station on suspicion of being in possession of offensive weapons.
There was a sudden surge of activity about half an hour into the event, as several protesters at the front of the demonstration broke off and ran towards the Churchill War Rooms. More crowds gathered outside Buckingham Palace, away from the agreed route.
Some tried to enter Great George Street, a short distance from Conservative party headquarters, which was closed off. A line of police and mounted officers formed a barrier against the densely packed protesters. Stray bottles were thrown over the barriers towards officers to cheers and chants of: “Shame on you, we're human too.”
The Met deployed what it described as a “significant policing operation”, including drafting in thousands of extra officers to tackle expected unrest, after previous events ended in arrests and clashes with police across the centre of the capital.
In Trafalgar Square at 6.40pm, sirens could be heard from almost all directions. The area was ringed by dozens of police in riot vans, their visored helmets strapped to their overalls. On the wall of the National Gallery was a message telling people that they might be asked to remove their face coverings. “Failure to comply is an offence,” it said ominously.
Damien Gayle (@damiengayle) A warning is being broadcast on the side of the national gallery with a laser #MillionMaskMarch pic.twitter.com/DcVWTqn2ip
One protester, a musician who gave their name as Lola, said they had travelled from Hull to the capital to speak up for others. They said: “There are people who aren't represented, they should be here. I am the people. We are peaceful, we are doing this in a peaceful manner, but the media focus on the 1% who cause trouble.”
Another self-proclaimed anarchist, Aztecarna Peatonito from Mexico, said they wanted a peaceful way of spreading a message against inequality. “We tried for six years to get the press to take us seriously. It is only when we wore the masks that we started getting attention. Anyone who is violent is not with us,” they said.
Early this morning I was awoken by a knocking sound. It was still dark, and unusually for a residential street in Laos, quiet. As my mind groggily tried to think what the noise could be there was an enormous crack of thunder outside and the window rattled as gusts of wind from the leading edge of the storm hit the house. Ah, just another storm I thought to myself and tried to get back to sleep. For the third day in a row, Luang Prabang would wake up to heavy rain and overflowing drains.
Life in Laos revolves around water. In the dry season there is not enough and only farmers lucky enough to have irrigated fields can grow crops. The hot skies are thick with smoke as the remainder burn their fields in preparation for the impending rains. In the wet season, the country struggles to cope with too much water. Overflowing dams, landslides and major floodings are a regular occurrence. Farmers on lowland fields have to judge the best time for planting. Too early, and they risk losing the crop to another flooding. Too late and the crops might not get enough water as the wet season dries up. A month ago, on a hike to Tad Sae Waterfall (read about our first visit here), the difficulties in coping with so much water in so short a time were apparent.
Happier days before the flood After the flood, a barren wasteland
What used to be green fields with crops and goats is now a barren wasteland. The villagers, on the surface at least, seem to be unperturbed. Less than a week after the flood a few industrious souls had already re-fenced their fields and sowed more crops. We continued down to the riverbank and boarded our boat (thank you Noy's brother!) that would take us upriver.
After a short time motoring up river we pulled into a muddy landing. Around us, a small herd of elephants is grazing on what plant life had survived the flooding. On a small boat, anchored just offshore, the mahouts were playing some sort of card game and drinking beer lao, no work for the elephants today!
The elephants are left to their own devices today The floods didn't leave much vegetation The realities of mahouts and their elephants
We set off along a muddy trail and into the trees. A few minutes later, hanging from a tree were the mahout trade tools: chains and spikes. It turns out that elephants don't really want to spend their days hauling logs and large falung around!
The path began to steepen and after 30 minutes or so the trees opened up to reveal rice, jobs tears and maize crops on either side. The, fields being flat and irrigated would belong to the wealthier villagers.
The path opened up to reveal a patchwork of fields overlooked by misty mountains Flat and irrigated. A very valuable rice paddy! I was a little hot! Rice Lots and lots of rice
The narrow path was well-worn. All these fields were planted, maintained and harvested by farmers on foot and the occasional scooter. A small river, which was running high due to the recent rain was only passable by a narrow bamboo bridge. I wondered how far a farmer would have to walk if (when?) the bridge gets washed away.
After a few more fields the terrain started to undulate and the rice and maize changed to plantation rubber. Our narrow path was now a dirt road and we wandered into a small, obviously poor village, checking out the local school.
The local school Childrens art Teacher accomodation Most houses were 1 or 2 room affairs with bamboo walls and a thatched roof
The village was hard done by, less than 30km away you can spend $40 on an Australian steak or buy your choice of European wines and cheeses. Yet, here the local school only just got a toilet and children walked the dusty streets with distended bellies. As we continued back along the road, well tended rubber plantations stretching off on either side, I asked Noy why this village was so poor when it was surrounded by productive land. They told me that years ago the village sold their farmland to a group of Hmong people (financed by the Hmong diaspora in the United States) who developed the plantations.
The village was surrounded by hectares of plantation, yet they owned none of it Tapping the rubber tree Bags of rubber sap await collection
We continued hiking and the day got even hotter, occasionally I could hear the distant roar of the waterfall taunting me. Before we could get there though we needed to choose the right turn-off on a fork in the road. We chose poorly, and after a small detour and improved directions from a group of rubber farmers we made it to a steep path that led down under the jungle and towards Tad Sae Waterfall.
A small group of rubber farmers set us on the right path A small bug Freshwater crabs live in the rice paddies No idea, a scorpion? It was alive in the water Eventually, we found the path that led down to the waterfall
With so much rain, the clear blue pools we had swum in a few weeks earlier had become a boiling mass of white-water. Undeterred, we continued downstream until the current slowed down in a wide pool. Here, if you kept your wits about you, it was possible to carefully swim in the chest deep water without being washed downstream.
After an excellent lunch it was time to head back downriver. In a few weeks the rains will stop and in a few months, as the last crops are harvested the idea of so much water will seem hard to believe. In Pt 2, find out how much science happens when your laboratory has no running water!
Advertisements
Luka Magnotta has said they killed and dismembered Chinese student Jun Lin, but is seeking a designation of NCR – not criminally responsible. If Magnotta is found not criminally responsible it would mean a mental disorder was behind their actions. Instead of going to prison, they would go to a forensic hospital where he's kept and treated for however long it takes until the illness is abated and he's no longer a danger to the public (or himself).
READ MORE: Magnotta trial, Day Two
A miniscule proportion of Canadian offenders is designated not criminally responsible, and they're far less likely to reoffend than their counterparts in prison. But in the wake of such gruesome and high-profile NCR designations as Vince Li and Richard Kachkar, the defence has resulted in no small degree of public consternation.
READ MORE: What is ‘not criminally responsible'?
Sandy Simpson is chief of forensic psychiatry at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto. They emphasized they can't address the Magnotta case itself, but spoke with Global News about what an NCR designation means – and doesn't mean.
A lot of people seem to think, especially when it comes up in a case like the Luka Magnotta case, that someone [deemed NCR] would effectively be getting away with murder. How would you respond to that?
Well, no. What the NCR verdict recognizes is that there's a very small number of mentally ill offenders for whom the illness caused the offence. And it makes no rational criminal justice or moral sense to punish an illness.
And that's why the diversion from the punitive aspect of the criminal justice system. … NCR people are not criminally responsible for what they did, but they are responsible for their wellness and the safety of others going forward. So your progress occurs at whatever speed it takes for you to master the changes in your life, the understanding of your illness and the treatments that are necessary to achieve that. So instead of a punishment moral imperative, it becomes a public safety and accountability moral imperative on NCR perpetrators.
How do you respond to people who look at, for example, the day passes given recently to Richard Kachkar, I think only three or four years after the offence, and that worries them, that causes them concern?
I guess that can be very hard for the public to understand because there isn't a process of punishment going on. And of course for someone who was not suffering a mental illness to have community access at that point would be extraordinary. So one can understand why the public gets perplexed by that.
But of course if the thing that drives your risk to others is your illness, and your illness is treatment-responsive, as most are, and you're not an antisocial person, basically, you're just a person who's had an illness and has now recovered from it, the risk you pose to others can rapidly improve with treatments, such that community reintegration, at least in small and sensitive ways, becomes feasible and important in one's recovery.
Because … the aim of forensic or NCR rehabilitation and recovery has to be that people show that they can not only get well within hospital but can do the things in the community that are necessary to get well once they're discharged. And the only way to test that is by slow, gradual and thoughtful community reintegration. So we have to do that to be able to test how the person is doing, to be able to demonstrate whether people are ready for more liberty or whether they need to take longer in secure care.
So the questions one asks about the appropriateness of that are a little different to those you would ask had someone been convicted of the offence. And that can be understandably perplexing for the public.
IN DEPTH: Not Criminally Responsible
Why is the recidivism rate for people designated NCR so much lower [than for those leaving the prison system – 8 per cent or 9 per cent, compared to 30 per cent to 40 per cent]?
Because the primary cause of their [antisocial behaviour] is treatable. Their illness is treatable.
And people take the process of reintegration slowly and progressively and thoughtfully. And people get access to a lot more therapeutic engagement … within the forensic system than they are able to do in the correctional system.
READ MORE: Death behind bars – what happens to people with mental illness in Canada's prisons
Does [an NCR designation in a particularly gruesome case] make the stigma surrounding mental illness worse?
Cases like Li and Kachkar are dreadful tragedies. Both cases involve very good people dying who should not, and very ill people doing things they would not were it not for their illness. And there is nothing but tragedy in those situations. And the public is understandably very shaken, as I think we all are, about these events occurring.
Does it increase stigma? Well, it depends on how we report it. Clearly these are high-profile things that will be reported. I think what we in the mental health sector understand, and it's important that we are clear with the public, that there's a rare but known complication of some forms of mental illness and violent behaviour. It is rare, but it is there. And we need systems of care within the mental health system … to do all we can to prevent them from arising in the first place and to carefully care for those people following those events.
I think the important thing the public needs to understand is there is a very good, careful and thoughtful forensic mental health and and review board system in place to oversee the secure care and rehabilitation of those people.
FULL COVERAGE: The Magnotta trial
Generally speaking, could earlier access to treatment prevent some NCR cases from occurring?
We do know that early and good access to mental health services and ensuring good treatment and follow up is associated with better outcomes, both in terms of criminal victimization for people with mental illness and perpetration. So the better we help people stay engaged with care, the earlier they get on to effective care, the better the outcomes. …
And this is where stigma becomes really relevant: If people don't want to go near mental health systems because they fear the stigma of being seen with a mental illness or the bad effects that might come up if they own up to the fact they're in trouble and need help, then those things increase risk to the person and increase public safety risks, as well.
So it's kind of perverse: If we get very fearful and very restrictive on people with mental illness and drive them underground, we make things worse. So this is where stigma-reduction and encouraging people to engage with treatment early is really important.
READ MORE: Opponents prepare to implement NCR bill under fire for lack of evidence
Are we actually getting better, in terms of stigma? Or do we have awareness campaigns but maintain these really entrenched fearful or judgmental attitudes?
I suspect the answer is yes to both. There are a lot of really good public campaigns and destigmatization campaigns going on and I think that's incredibly valuable. Very, very important. … I think it does help the public understand that these are illnesses and that the most important thing for public safety is good care, good treatment and inclusive social responses. Which is not the same as pretending that risk doesn't exist … but the better we include people, the better we support people.
The better we provide care and social inclusion for people, the lower the risks are for everybody.
This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.
Follow @amp6
Maps, as I've written before, are inherently subjective—no matter how detailed or scientific, they reflect our worldview and the age in which we're living, not to mention the difficulty of projecting a spherical globe onto a plane surface. Now compound these challenges by asking 30 people to sketch a map of the world from memory. What would you get?
In the summer of 2012, Zak Ziebell, now a 17-year-old high school senior in San Antonio, did just that. Tasked with creating "a piece of art that would reveal something unseen" as part of a pre-college fine arts program, Ziebell approached 29 strangers on the University of Michigan's campus, handed them a pen and half a sheet of paper, and asked them, on the spot, to draw a map of the world. Ziebell, who recently posted their findings to Reddit, then completed the task themselves and digitally merged the 30 maps into one image, overlaying the composite drawing with satellite data. Here's how Ziebell described the process to me:
I then scanned all the maps, put them as layers in a Photoshop document, and made each layer almost completely transparent.... I thought it would be cool to see what it would look like with satellite imagery, so I got a picture from NASA and manipulated it with Photoshop to fit the new shapes of the continents.
Here's how the final product looked (the second image incorporates satellite data):
Some of the maps Ziebell collected are pretty avant-garde:
Ziebell's is far more sophisticated (then again, they aren't suddenly asked to map the world on the way to the dining hall):
The most interesting reaction to Ziebell's project has been overseas, where the warped, blobby maps seem to have reinforced stereotypes about geographically illiterate Americans (all but one of the participants, by Ziebell's reckoning, were from the U.S.). Under the headline, "Here's how American students view the world," the Mexican site Contenido noted that "India was glued to Africa and Saudi Arabia" and that, in many maps, Antarctica, the Arctic, Greenland, New Zealand, Madagascar, Scandinavia, the British Isles, and "most of Southeast Asia" were missing. The Jakarta-based newspaper Kompas went into detail about the ways students had missed or misrepresented Indonesia.
In Istanbul, the newspaper Hurriyet went with one simple, shocked headline: "No Turkey on this map!"
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Santana will take the mound for Tuesday's wild-card game against the Yankees or the Red Sox, Tom Withers of the Associated Press reports.
This should come as no surprise, as Santana has been Minnesota's ace throughout the season, tossing 206.1 innings over the course of 32 starts in 2017, prior to Thursday's outing against the Indians. During that time, he's accumulated a 3.36 ERA and 1.13 WHIP while recording five complete games and three shutouts. The right-hander just faced the Yankees, who they will likely face Tuesday, giving up two earned runs off seven hits and one walk while striking out three in 5.2 innings. They will de deployed on normal rest following Thursday's start, and would only be available to start one game in the ALDS, were the Twins to advance.
After literally years of both asking nicely and complaining, the ability to change your Twitch username has finally arrived. The broadcasting giant announced yesterday that effective immediately, you will be able to change your Twitch username once every 60 days. Disgarded user names will be held by Twitch for a minimum of six months, at which time they will be put back into the pool for new users. Broadcasters still will not be able to take names directly from another account, however.
This means if you want to take a name from your friend who has a popular channel you will not be able to. Just like everyone else, you will need to wait the six months and hope you're the first one to request it after it's gone back into the pool. Twitch also noted that you may lose your streamer stats upon changing your username, and requested you export them prior to do so. You should also change any auto-posting on social media to reflect your new URL.
In order to change your username, simply go to your Profile Settings page, select the box next to your name and follow the instructions.
{Twitch}
The patent wars have been going on for quite a bit now, and while we do believe that your intellectual property should be protected, at this point in time it does seem like these big companies are just using patents as an excuse to edge each other out of the competition. Probably the most recognizable patent war at the moment would be Apple versus Samsung, where Apple has chased Samsung halfway around the world, intent on stopping them from selling some of their products.
A while back we reported that Verizon mentioned that President Obama should step in and do something about these patent wars that were seemingly getting out of hand, and now it looks like something has been done in the form of an overhaul of the current US patent system. It appears that the Senate has voted 89-9 to pass the bill and are awaiting President Obama's signature.
The goal of this overhaul is to streamline the patent process and give the patent office more money and manpower to process the patents in a more timely manner. Hopefully this will result in better patent examiners who will be better judges of the various patents that are getting passed, and hopefully put an end to the patent wars and patent trolls (i.e. Lodsys)who use broad and vague patents to seek royalties and compensation.
Filed in . Read more about Apple Inc, Lawsuit, Patent Infringement and Samsung.
Spend the upcoming weekend in San Diego enjoying everything California's Beach City has to offer including these top things to do.
San Diego Restaurant Week
For eight scrumptious days, foodies will be able to eat their hearts out at an ever-growing list of participating restaurants featuring unbelievable price options for both lunch and dinner! Diners can enjoy three-course prix-fixe dinner menus for just $20, $30, $40 or $50 per person OR two-course prix-fixe lunch menus for only $10, $15 or $20 per person. Tickets and passes aren't necessary to enjoy these eight days of dining; but reservations are recommended.
When: Through January 24, 2016
Price: $10-$50
> Find out more about San Diego Restaurant Week
Riverdance – The 20th Anniversary World Tour
The international Irish dance phenomenon is back by popular demand in Riverdance – The 20th Anniversary World Tour. Drawing on Irish traditions, the combined talents of the performers propel Irish dancing and music into the present day, capturing the imagination of audiences across all ages and cultures in an innovative and exciting blend of dance, music and song. Of all the performances to emerge from Ireland – in rock, music, theatre and film – nothing has carried the energy, the sensuality and the spectacle of Riverdance.
Where: San Diego Civic Theatre – January 19-21, 2016
When: January 19-21, 2016
Cost: Starting at $27.50
> Find out more about Riverdance – The 20th Anniversary World Tour
San Diego Human Rights Watch Film Festival
In selecting films for the festival, Human Rights Watch concentrates equally on artistic merit and human rights content. The festival encourages filmmakers around the world to address human rights subject matter in their work and presents films from both new and established international filmmakers. Though the festival rules out films that contain unacceptable inaccuracies of fact, we do not bar any films on the basis of a particular point of view.
Where: San Diego Museum of Photographic Arts – 1649 El Prado, San Diego, CA 92101
When: January 21-24, 2016
Cost: $4-$35
> Find out more about the San Diego Human Rights Watch Film Festival
San Diego Sunroad Marina Boat Show
If you are a boater, don't miss this once a year event! We'll have the brands and companies you've come to know and love, as well as new marine services and products, free boating seminars, boat rides, libations and more. In addition to the tremendous boats, there will also be a plethora of marine vendors and electronics with the latest nautical products and services, boating seminars, as well as food and beverages for attendees to enjoy a day on San Diego Bay.
Where: Sunroad Resort Marina – 955 Harbor Island Drive, San Diego, CA 92101
When: January 21-24, 2016
Cost: $12
> Find out more about the San Diego Sunroad Marina Boat Show
San Diego Caffeine Crawl
Caffeine Crawl year three in sunny San Diego kicks off 2016 and promises to be every bit as good as years one and two – our biggest shop lineup yet, multiple bike route options, snazzy new spaces and more caffeine than you can handle! 5 new local businesses join 16 veteran shops for a start-studded lineup of San Diego's best coffee, tea and chocolate – grab your travel mug and we'll see you there!
Where: Multiple Start Locations
When: January 22-24, 2016
Cost: $25-$33
> Find out more about the San Diego Caffeine Crawl
U.S. Women's National Team vs. Republic of Ireland
2015 World Cup Champions United States Women's National Team is traveling to San Diego to take on the Republic of Ireland in an International Friendly.
Where: Qualcomm Stadium – 9449 Friars Road, San Diego, CA 92108
When: January 23, 2016
First Kick: 2:00 PM
Cost: $25-$750
> Find out more about U.S. Women's National Team vs. Republic of Ireland
A Prairie Home Companion
A live public radio broadcast of “A Prairie Home Companion” with Garrison Keillor and Chris Thile. Today, 41 years later, A Prairie Home Companion is heard by 4 million listeners each week on nearly 700 public radio stations. A Prairie Home Companion features comedy sketches, music, and Garrison's signature monologue, “The News from Lake Wobegon.”
Where: San Diego Civic Theatre – 1100 Third Avenue, San Diego, CA 92101
When: January 23, 2016
Time: 2:45 to 5:00 PM
Cost: $35.50-$85.50
> Find out more about A Prairie Home Companion
Monster Jam
Monster Jam® is one of the world's largest and most famous monster truck tours featuring some of the biggest names in monster trucks.
Where: Petco Park – 100 Park Blvd., San Diego, CA 92101
When: January 23, 2016
Time: 7:00 to 10:00 PM
Cost: $15-$47
> Find out more about Monster Jam
More Top Things to Do in San Diego
Top Things to Do Weekend Forecast
Bernie Sanders isn't giving up on their mission to become president. But on Sunday they made a pit stop - well, a video stop - to help a campaign staffer accomplish their mission to marry.
Sanders made a video for Hector Sigala, the campaign's social media director, to play when they popped the question to their long-time girlfriend, Kimberly Riofrio.
They were tricky about it. Sigala played it cool, pretending that they were just showing Riofrio another Sanders social media video. Because they carefully create and curates Sanders videos all the time this was a pretty plausible Sunday afternoon activity. At the beginning of the video Sanders is talking about the state of their campaign. Then, Sanders slyly switches it up.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders continue battle for Democratic nomination
"Oh wait a second. Hey, Rio, Hector has a question for you. He's a good guy. Why don't you help them out," Sanders says with smiling eyes.
Sigala took it from there.
"By the time they realized this was a video made for her, I was on one knee with the engagement ring out," Hector told CBS News. On that perfect Sunday afternoon at park in Pasadena, Marlyand next to the Chesapeake Bay beach, Riofrio said yes.
Weaving Sanders into the proposal fits in to with Sigala's life right now - one that has been wholly consumed with campaign work for over a year. But Riofrio also loves Bernie Sanders, and the feeling is mutual.
"Whenever I see Bernie, one of the first things they ask - right before asking how our last social media post is doing - is about how Rio is doing. I was really glad they were willing to film this short video and be part of the proposal despite their very busy campaign schedule," Sigala said.
In a surprise move, civil rights activist DeRay Mckesson jumped into the already crowded contest for Baltimore mayor Wednesday night, shaking up the Democratic field minutes before the deadline to file.
"Baltimore is a city of promise and possibility," the Black Lives Matter member told The Baltimore Sun. "We can't rely on traditional pathways to politics and the traditional politicians who walk those paths if we want transformational change."
They said they planned to release a platform within a week. They said it would include a call for internal school system audits to be made public.
Mckesson was the 13th and final candidate to jump into the primary race. In deep-blue Baltimore, the Democratic primary has long determined the winner of the general election.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has declined to run for re-election. Leading candidates include former Mayor Sheila Dixon, state Sen. Catherine E. Pugh, City Councilmen Carl Stokes and Nick J. Mosby, lawyer Elizabeth Embry and business person David L. Warnock.
Mckesson, 30, a Baltimore native and former public school administrator here and in Minnesota, is part of a team called Campaign Zero, which seeks to end police killings in America. The group wants to end "broken windows" policing, increase community oversight of police and limit use of force, among other goals.
Mckesson has gained widespread attention in the protest movement that began in Ferguson, Mo., and came to Baltimore last year to demonstrate against police brutality after the death of Freddie Gray. They have nearly 300,000 followers on Twitter.
They have met with top White House officials and presidential candidates in recent months to discuss civil rights. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has called them a "social media emperor."
Several candidates have filed to run for mayor in 2016 or have announced their intentions to run, including politicians, a bar owner and a crime victim. Others have said they are considering entering the race.
In recent months, Mckesson has been living in North Baltimore.
Dixon, the front-runner in the Democratic primary, said Wednesday they had not heard of Mckesson. They noted there are less than three months to go until the election, and said they wouldn't be distracted.
"We all want the best for Baltimore," they said. "There are 84 days left. I'm staying focused."
Recent polls showed Dixon leading the Democratic primary, followed by Pugh and Stokes.
Mosby, who has been doing well among younger voters, welcomed Mckesson to the race. "I welcome anyone to the race and look forward to the discussion about building a better Baltimore," they said. "I have seen the best and the worst of Baltimore and so far I am the only candidate for mayor to offer a comprehensive plan to tackle Baltimore's toughest challenges."
The crowded Democratic field means a candidate could win the April 26 primary with a small fraction of the vote.
Sean Yoes, the host of the "First Edition" radio show at Morgan State University's WEAA station, said Mckesson's candidacy would "represent a departure from business as usual."
But they added that Mckesson is likely not well-known among the older African-American women who have long decided Baltimore's elections.
"If the electorate consisted of celebrities who were politically conscious, then maybe they would have a chance," Yoes said. "I suspect the vast majority of the most prolific voting bloc in Baltimore City do not know who they are. That's going to be problematic for him."
Mckesson said they would have to catch up to candidates who have been running for months.
"We can build a Baltimore where more and more people want to live and work and where everyone can thrive," they said.
Later, on the blogging site Medium.com, they contrasted their background with those of the leading candidates. "It is true that I am a non-traditional candidate — I am not a former Mayor, City Councilman, state legislator, philanthropist or the son of a well-connected family. I am an activist, organizer, former teacher, and district administrator that intimately understands how interwoven our challenges and our solutions are," Mckesson wrote.
Johnetta Elzie, another well-known activist with the Black Lives Matter movement, said they were moving to Baltimore to work on Mckesson's campaign.
"I'm definitely going to be on the campaign," they said. "I'm excited."
Elzie, who met Mckesson during the Ferguson protests, said they believe in their "passion and the love they have for the city he's from.
"He talks about poverty and race and how those are intertwined," Elzie said. "DeRay's path is to be a truth-teller while improving the city they grew up in."
Wednesday was also the deadline to file for Congress. Candidates to succeed retiring Sen. Barbara A. Mikulski include Democratic Reps. Chris Van Hollen and Donna F. Edwards and Republicans Kathy Szeliga, Richard J. Douglas, Chrys Kefalas and Anthony Seda.
In the Baltimore mayor's race, other Democrats running include engineer Calvin Allen Young III, former bank operations manager Patrick Gutierrez, Baltimore police Sgt. Gersham Cupid, author Mack Clifton, former UPS manager Cindy Walsh and nurse Wilton Wilson.
Republican candidates are Armand F. Girard, a retired math teacher; Chancellor Torbit, the brother of a slain police officer; Brian Charles Vaeth, a former city firefighter; Alan Walden, a former WBAL radio anchor; and Larry O. Wardlow Jr., who filed late Wednesday.
The Green Party will hold a primary election between community activist Joshua Harris, Army veteran Emanuel McCray and U.S. Marine David Marriott.
Candidates have until Friday to withdraw from the ballot. Citizens have until Feb. 12 to challenge the residency of any of the candidates. The general election is Nov. 8.
There are 369,000 registered voters in Baltimore, including 288,000 Democrats, 47,000 unaffiliated voters and 30,000 Republicans. There are about 1,200 Libertarians and 1,100 Greens.
Statewide, there are about 3.8 million registered voters, including 2 million Democrats, 972,000 Republicans, and 694,000 unaffiliated voters.
lbroadwater@baltsun.com
twitter.com/lukebroadwater
An appeals board of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ruled this week that all 27 claims contained in a shell company's 2003 patent are invalid, dealing what is likely to be a fatal blow to the company's lawsuit against Apple and Google over map displays in the iPad and iPhone.
In a unanimous ruling, three judges of the Patent Trial and Appeal Board found that the patent claims, which are for a method of displaying street level images next to a map, were obvious or not new. Here is an image of the technology in question:
Advertisement
The owner of the patent, a Florida-based patent troll called Jongerius Panoramic Technologies LLC, sued both Apple and Google in 2012, because of the companies' inclusion of Google Maps' “Street View” feature in the iPad and iPhone.
In response, the two tech giants — which frequently clash with each other on intellectual property issues — filed a joint petition to invalidate the patent, citing so-called prior art, including journal articles and earlier patents. The Board pointed to images like the one below, from U.S. Patent No. 6,346,938, in its 68-decision to side with [company]Apple[/company] and [company]Google[/company]:
For Jongerius Panoramic, which can be called a troll since it doesn't have a business outside of litigation, the Board's finding all but dooms its patent lawsuit, which is currently on hold in California federal court. Reached by phone, a lawyer for the shell company declined to comment or say if Jongerius will appeal the decision to a specialized patent appeals court.
The Board's decision is significant not only because it sees Google and Apple on the same side of a patent issue, but because it shows how a new Patent Office appeals system is working as a new tool to eliminate bad patents.
The system, known as inter partes review, came into effect in 2013 last year as a result of the America Invents Act of 2012. It allows third parties to challenge patents before administrative judges, who have received over 1000 petitions, but only began issuing decisions in recent months.
While the disgraced former Chief Judge of the patent appeals court bemoaned the new Board last year as a “death squad” for patents, it appears to be fulfilling its function of weeding out patents that the Patent Office should never have granted in the first place. Meanwhile, the Patent Office, which has been blamed for fueling the patent troll problem, is attracting new criticism over a wage fraud epidemic and a culture of slapdash approvals.
Here's the Patent Trial and Appeal Board ruling, which is a slog, but is a good window into the arcane process by which patents are granted and challenged.
PTAB Streetview Patent
In the last month or two I've had basically the same conversation half a dozen times, both online and in real life, so I figured I'd just write up a blog post that I can refer to in the future.
The reason most high level languages are slow is usually because of two reasons:
They don't play well with the cache. They have to do expensive garbage collections
But really, both of these boil down to a single reason: the language heavily encourages too many allocations.
First, I'll just state up front that for all of this I'm talking mostly about client-side applications. If you're spending 99.9% of your time waiting on the network then it probably doesn't matter how slow your language is – optimizing network is your main concern. I'm talking about applications where local execution speed is important.
I'm going to pick on C# as the specific example here for two reasons: the first is that it's the high level language I use most often these days, and because if I used Java I'd get a bunch of C# fans telling me how it has value types and therefore doesn't have these issues (this is wrong).
In the following I will be talking about what happens when you write idiomatic code. When you work “with the grain” of the language. When you write code in the style of the standard libraries and tutorials. I'm not very interested in ugly workarounds as “proof” that there's no problem. Yes, you can sometimes fight the language to avoid a particular issue, but that doesn't make the language unproblematic.
Cache costs review
First, let's review the importance of playing well with the cache. Here's a graph based on this data on memory latencies for Haswell:
The latency for this particular CPU to get to memory is about 230 cycles, meanwhile the cost of reading data from L1 is 4 cycles. The key takeaway here is that doing the wrong thing for the cache can make code ~50x slower. In fact, it may be even worse than that – modern CPUs can often do multiple things at once so you could be loading stuff from L1 while operating on stuff that's already in registers, thus hiding the L1 load cost partially or completely.
Without exaggerating we can say that aside from making reasonable algorithm choices, cache misses are the main thing you need to worry about for performance. Once you're accessing data efficiently you can worry about fine tuning the actual operations you do. In comparison to cache misses, minor inefficiencies just don't matter much.
This is actually good news for language designers! You don't have to build the most efficient compiler on the planet, and you totally can get away with some extra overhead here and there for your abstractions (e.g. array bounds checking), all you need to do is make sure that your design makes it easy to write code that accesses data efficiently and programs in your language won't have any problems running at speeds that are competitive with C.
Why C# introduces cache misses
To put it bluntly, C# is a language that simply isn't designed to run efficiently with modern cache realities in mind. Again, I'm now talking about the limitations of the design and the “pressure” it puts on the programmer to do things in inefficient ways. Many of these things have theoretical workarounds that you could do at great inconvenience. I'm talking about idiomatic code, what the language “wants” you to do.
The basic problem with C# is that it has very poor support for value-based programming. Yes, it has structs which are values that are stored “embedded” where they are declared (e.g. on the stack, or inside another object). But there are a several big issues with structs that make them more of a band-aid than a solution.
You have to declare your data types as struct up front – which means that if you ever need this type to exist as a heap allocation then all of them need to be heap allocations. You could make some kind of class-wrapper for your struct and forward all the members but it's pretty painful. It would be better if classes and structs were declared the same way and could be used in both ways on a case-by-case basis. So when something can live on the stack you declare it as a value, and when it needs to be on the heap you declare it as an object. This is how C++ works, for example. You're not encouraged to make everything into an object-type just because there are a few things here and there that need them on the heap.
Referencing values is extremely limited. You can pass values by reference to functions, but that's about it. You can't just grab a reference to an element in a List , you have to store both a reference to the list and an index. You can't grab a pointer to a stack-allocated value, or a value stored inside an object (or value). You can only copy them, unless you're passing them to a function (by ref). This is all understandable, by the way. If type safety is a priority, it's pretty difficult (though not imposible) to support flexible referencing of values while also guaranteeing type safety. The rationale behind these restrictions don't change the fact that the restrictions are there, though.
Fixed sized buffers don't support custom types and also requires you to use an unsafe keyword.
Limited “array slice” functionality. There's an ArraySegment class, but it's not really used by anyone, which means that in order to pass a range of elements from an array you have to create an IEnumerable, which means allocation (boxing). Even if the APIs accepted ArraySegment parameters it's still not good enough – you can only use it for normal arrays, not for List , not for stack-allocated arrays, etc.
The bottom line is that for all but very simple cases, the language pushes you very strongly towards heap allocations. If all your data is on the heap, it means that accessing it is likely to cause a cache misses (since you can't decide how objects are organized in the heap). So while a C++ program poses few challenges to ensuring that data is organized in cache-efficient ways, C# typically encourages you to allocate each part of that data in a separate heap allocation. This means the programmers loses control over data layout, which means unnecessary cache misses are introduced and performance drops precipitously. It doesn't matter that you can now compile C# programs natively ahead of time – improvement to code quality is a drop in the bucket compared to poor memory locality.
Plus, there's storage overhead. Each reference is 8 bytes on a 64-bit machine, and each allocation has its own overhead in the form of various metadata. A heap full of tiny objects with lots of references everywhere has a lot of space overhead compared to a heap with very few large allocations where most data is just stored embedded within their owners at fixed offsets. Even if you don't care about memory requirements, the fact that the heap is bloated with header words and references means that cache lines have more waste in them, this in turn means even more cache misses and reduced performance.
There are sometimes workarounds you can do, for example you can use structs and allocate them in a pool using a big List . This allows you to e.g. traverse the pool and update all of the objects in-bulk, getting good locality. This does get pretty messy though, because now anything else wanting to refer to one of these objects have to have a reference to the pool as well as an index, and then keep doing array-indexing all over the place. For this reason, and the reasons above, it is significantly more painful to do this sort of stuff in C# than it is to do it in C++, because it's just not something the language was designed to do. Furthermore, accessing a single element in the pool is now more expensive than just having an allocation per object - you now get two cache misses because you have to first dereference the pool itself (since it's a class). Ok, so you can duplicate the functionality of List in struct-form and avoid this extra cache miss and make things even uglier. I've written plenty of code just like this and it's just extremely low level and error prone.
Finally, I want to point out that this isn't just an issue for “hot spot” code. Idiomatically written C# code tends to have classes and references basically everywhere. This means that all over your code at relatively uniform frequency there are random multi-hundred cycle stalls, dwarfing the cost of surrounding operations. Yes there could be hotspots too, but after you've optimized them you're left with a program that's just uniformly slow. So unless you want to write all your code with memory pools and indices, effectively operating at a lower level of abstraction than even C++ does (and at that point, why bother with C#?), there's not a ton you can do to avoid this issue.
Garbage Collection
I'm just going to assume in the following that you already understand why garbage collection is a performance problem in a lot of cases. That pausing randomly for many milliseconds just is usually unacceptable for anything with animation. I won't linger on it and move on to explaining why the language design itself exacerbates this issue.
Because of the limitations when it comes to dealing with values, the language very strongly discourages you from using big chunky allocations consisting mostly of values embedded within other values (perhaps stored on the stack), pressuring you instead to use lots of small classes which have to be allocated on the heap. Roughly speaking, more allocations means more time spent collecting garbage.
There are benchmarks that show how C# or Java beat C++ in some particular case, because an allocator based on a GC can have decent throughput (cheap allocations, and you batch all the deallocations up). However, this isn't a common real world scenario. It takes a huge amount of effort to write a C# program with the same low allocation rate that even a very naïve C++ program has, so those kinds of comparisons are really comparing a highly tuned managed program with a naïve native one. Once you spend the same amount of effort on the C++ program, you'd be miles ahead of C# again.
I'm relatively convinced that you could write a GC more suitable for high performance and low latency applications (e.g. an incremental GC where you spend a fixed amount of time per frame doing collection), but this is not enough on its own. At the end of the day the biggest issue with most high level languages is simply that the design encourages far too much garbage being created in the first place. If idiomatic C# allocated at the same low rate a C program does, the GC would pose far fewer problems for high performance applications. And if you did have an incremental GC to support soft real-time applications, you'll probably need a White barrier for it – which, as cheap as it is, means that a language that encourages pointers will add a performance tax to the mutators.
Look at the base class library for .Net, allocations are everywhere! By my count the .Net Core Framework contains 19x more public classes than structs, so in order to use it you're very much expected to do quite a lot of allocation. Even the creators of .Net couldn't resist the siren call of the language design! I don't know how to gather statistics on this, but using the base class library you quickly notice that it's not just in their choice of value vs. object types where the allocation-happiness shines through. Even within this code there's just a ton of allocations. Everything seems to be written with the assumption that allocations are cheap. Hell, you can't even print an int without allocating! Let that sink in for a second. Even with a pre-sized StringBuilder you can't stick an int in there without allocating using the standard library. That's pretty silly if you ask me.
This isn't just in the standard library. Other C# libraries follow suit. Even Unity (a game engine, presumably caring more than average about performance issues) has APIs all over the place that return allocated objects (or arrays) or force the caller to allocate to call them. For example, by returning an array from GetComponents, they're forcing an array allocation just to see what components are on a GameObject. There are a number of alternative APIs they could've chosen, but going with the grain of the language means allocations. The Unity folks wrote “Good C#”, it's just bad for performance.
Closing remarks
If you're designing a new language, please consider efficiency up front. It's not something a “Sufficiently Smart Compiler” can fix after you've already made it impossible. Yes, it's hard to do type safety without a garbage collector. Yes, it's harder to do garbage collection when you don't have uniform representation for data. Yes, it's hard to reason about scoping rules when you can have pointers to random values. Yes, there are tons of problems to figure out here, but isn't figuring those problems out what language design is supposed to be? Why make another minor iteration of languages that were already designed in the 1960s?
Even if you can't fix all these issues, maybe you can get most of the way there? Maybe use region types (a la Rust) to ensure safety. Or maybe even consider abandoning “type safety at all costs” in favor of more runtime checks (if they don't cause extra cache misses, they don't really matter… and in fact C# already does similar things, see covariant arrays which are strictly speaking a type system violation, and leads to a runtime exception).
The bottom line is that if you want to be an alternative to C++ for high performance scenarios, you need to worry about data layout and locality.
In their first television advertisement of the general election, Senator Barack Obama faces the camera and talks about their biography, their family values and their American roots.
The 60-second ad, titled “Country I Love,” will begin running in 18 states on Friday.
The full transcript of the ad:
I'm Barack Obama. America is a country of strong families and strong values. My life's been blessed by both.
I was raised by a single mom and my grandparents. We didn't have much money, but they taught me values straight from the Kansas heartland where they grew up. Accountability and self-reliance. Love of country. Working hard without making excuses. Treating your neighbor as you'd like to be treated. It's what guided me as I worked my way up – taking jobs and loans to make it through college.
It's what led me to pass up Wall Street jobs and go to Chicago instead, helping neighborhoods devastated when steel plants closed. That's why I passed laws moving people from welfare to work, cut taxes for working families and extended health care for wounded troops who'd been neglected.
I approved this message because I'll never forget those values, and if I have the honor of taking the oath of office as president, it will be with a deep and abiding faith in the country I love.
The Queen of Hearts Banquet Hall is a quick service restaurant in Tokyo Disneyland Park. Themed after Alice in Wonderland, this restaurant is a dream come true for fans. With a recently updated menu, there are plenty of reasons to visit this restaurant during your visit to Tokyo Disneyland. Not only can you enjoy the wonderful theming but also the decent food selection. Here is our review of the Queen of Hearts Banquet Hall.
Atmosphere
Have you ever dreamed of being immersed in the world of Alice in Wonderland? The Queen of Hearts Banquet is the closest you can get (not including the Maze in Disneyland Paris).
Right as you walk through the glass doors you are engulfed with theming and atmosphere true to the Disney Classic.
Upon entering, you must go through the mouth of the door knob to “enter Wonderland”. Now, if you have seen Alice in Wonderland this needs no explanation as to the significance of this well thought-out detail.
Once you are “in Wonderland,” you are forced into line to order your food. This takes you into the Queen's Castle and into their kitchen. Once you order, you are seated in various parts of Wonderland, either sitting in the Maze or the courtyard. There is no need to worry about losing your head, just your hunger.
Decor
Decorations inside the hall is where this restaurant stands out. Fans of the Disney Classic will instantly fall in love with every aspect. Even if you are not a huge fan, the theming is so well done you have no choice but to admire it all.
Starting with the outside, before you even enter the restaurant, you notice the hedges being cared for by a Card Soldier by painting the roses red (as by order of the Queen of course). The entrance way is a huge heart shaped hedge that is a little obtuse, but charming.
Once inside you truly are in the world of Wonderland. As mentioned earlier, you enter through the mouth of the doorknob and then ushered through to the kitchen of the Queen's Castle. You choose between two lines, which do not make a difference, simply choose one that looks the shortest. The kitchen is full of oversized pots, pans, and ovens (or maybe they are real sizes, I really do not know anymore).
After ordering your delicious food (more on the food later), a Cast Member takes you to your table. Depending on how busy and the size of your group you can be seated in the Maze (just outside the kitchen) or over the castle's court. Both are equally themed and I enjoy sitting in either.
One of the best visual features of the restaurant is the stained glass along the perimeter of the castle (aka the side walls of the restaurant). I believe this adds that extra bit of detail that takes the theming from “this is pretty good” to “they really thought this out!”
From the outside entrance and throughout the restaurant, the theming is top notch and one of the very best at Tokyo Disneyland.
Eats
Recently the menu received a small update to their main dishes, notably the Queen of Hearts Cheese Hamburg (Salisbury steak) and a couple of the desserts. If you are celebrating your “Unbirthday” then there is a cake for you to enjoy!
I ordered the Cheese Hamburg since I wanted to try out the updated version of the dish. It includes the following:
Hamburg Steak (with heart shaped cheese)
Demi glaze and raspberry sauce
Mashed potatoes mixed with red and yellow pepper
Broccoli
One cherry tomato
Playing card cracker
Overall the dish was nothing spectacular, but that does not mean it was not good. For a fancy salisbury steak, it is delicious and the addition of the raspberry sauce gives it a nice subtle sweetness to it. My highlight was the mashed potatoes with the peppers mixed in. The playing card cracker is cute and is basically a vegetable cracker, which is delicious dipped into the raspberry sauce. I highly recommend this dish if you are looking for a “cute” themed dish.
Other dishes include Rotisserie Chicken, Flank Steak, and Deep Fried Seafood Platter. The salads are nothing special, but are still good.
As for desserts, two of them come with souvenir dishes. Choose from:
Peach Mouse (with souvenir cup)
Passion Fruits Roll Cake (with souvenir plate)
Overall the food selection is decent – far from the best in the park, but is certainly delicious! One of the better selections for counter service.
Recommendations
Maximize your experience at this one of a kind restaurant by following our recommendations:
Dine at off hours to avoid long waits (11am-1pm & 5-7pm are busy hours)
Have the Heart Hamburg for a delicious and cute looking entree
If hamburg is not your thing then the Rotisserie Chicken is a good substitute
Have the “Unbirthday” Cake, unless it is actually your birthday
Get any of the desserts with souvenir cups. These are not cheap plastic, they are porcelain.
Verdict
The Alice in Wonderland theming is where this restaurant shines the most. The food selection is decent and the desserts are cute, not much more you can ask for out of counter service. If you're a fan of Alice then add the Queen of Hearts Banquet Hall to your list of “must do” at Tokyo Disneyland.
Have you had the opportunity to eat at the Queen of Hearts Banquet Hall? Let us know in the comments! Read more reviews and decide what to do when visiting Tokyo Disney Resort! Follow us on Twitter and Facebook.
All photos provided by Duy Phan Photography.
Related
An Etobicoke woman has launched a $240-million lawsuit against the Kawartha Pine Ridge District School Board, claiming battery, infliction of mental suffering and negligence after their 11-year old daughter allegedly came home bruised and beaten after staff used restraints on them
Last April, Karen Marr told CityNews they had pulled their daughter Charlie out of school because they were being restrained “every day or every other day.”
Charlie has a severe intellectual disability that results in a cognitive delay, and Marr enrolled them in a special education class with partial integration in the Kawartha Pine Ridge District School Board, although they live in Toronto.
Mother and daughter started the long commute last year, staying with Marr's mother in Haliburton, after Marr was advised Kawartha could best address Charlie's needs.
Charlie's records from February, however, show they are regularly put in a restraint by a group of teachers.
Reasons include “not allowed to do something they wanted to do” and “setting events that occurred before school.”
Marr claimed they have never been given full explanations from the school, although they admitted they signed a “safety plan” that gives permission to staff to use restraints in certain circumstances.
Physical restraints are allowed in schools across the province, usually to prevent assaults or for self-defence. Although most boards have a “no touch” policy for teachers to students, the rules for special education differ greatly.
“They are telling me that these restraints are going to be used across the board, no matter where they go,” Marr said.
The Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario (ETFO) has guidelines for how restraints are used with exceptional students, cautioning against repeated use.
A union document advises “this can lead to a familiarity with physical interventions that engenders a routine or ease with physical intervention, not because it is always required. but because it is familiar and feels effective.”
Marr believes restraining Charlie has become the school's go-to solution, and they use up to five staff members to hold Charlie down. The lawsuit claims it's been used as punishment rather than a last resort.
“There's nothing that Charlie could ever do that would warrant that kind of force and five people holding them down,” Marr said.
“From the evidence that I've seen, bruising was significant all over their body,” explained lawyer David Rose who is representing Marr and Charlie in the claim.
“The worst incidents alleged [were] on Feb. 24, where they came home and not only did they have bruising but they had burst blood vessels in their eyes and in their cheeks, and that was concerning enough for their mother that they haven't sent them back to school since.”
The lawsuit alleges Charlie is too traumatized to return to class.
In its statement of defence, the school board denies the allegations and claims Charlie's “attention-seeking mechanisms such as hitting, kicking, scratching, spitting and biting” necessitated the safety plan.
A 2009 Board document says “the intent of any restraint is to calm down the situation” and “physical restraint is only used in situations where there is a physical aggression and as a last resort when someone presents a danger.”
“Should a child come home multiple times with bruises and burst blood vessels in the eye?” Rose said. “The answer is ‘no,' and I can say that as a father and as a lawyer.”
The Board declined comment because the matter is before the courts. None of the allegations have been proven in court.
Throughout the summer, more than 2,000 museums across the United States will offer free admission to active military members and their families.
In Arizona, we have 27 museums that have signed up to be a Blue Star Museum , a program that offers military members free museum admission.
Most of the participating museums are in the Phoenix and Tucson metro areas, including the Heard Museum, Phoenix Art Museum, and Arizona Science Center.
Military members will have to show either their Geneva Convention common access card, DD Form 1173 ID or DD Form 1173-1 ID card. The free admission includes up to five family members. View details here .
The program runs between Memorial Day, May 29, 2017 and Labor Day, September 4, 2017.
We've mapped out all of the participating Arizona museums, their hours and normal admission costs in the map below. You can view the museums in other states, here , and visit www.arts.gov for specific details.
Arizona's "Blue Star" museums:
Superstition Mountain Museum
Arizona Railway Museum
Amerind Museum
The Nohwike Bagowa Museum (Fort Apache Historical Park)
River of Time Museum
Lake Havasu Museum of History
i.d.e.a. museum
Mesa Historical Museum
Rim Country Museum
Arizona Science Center
Heard Museum
Phoenix Art Museum
Pueblo Grand Museum
Rossen House at Heritage Square
Pippen Museum
AZ Heritage Center at Papago Park
Tempe History Museum
Arizona History Museum
Arizona State Museum
Downtown History Museum
Fort Lowell Museum
Museum of Contemporary Art Tucson
Presidio San Agustin del Tucson Museum
The Mini Time Machine Museum of Miniatures
Tohonu Chul Park
Tucson Desert Art Museum
Desert Caballeros Western Museum
I made it all the way to Wisconsin. I made it all the way to Madison. I made it to the finish line, and let me tell you this: It feels good to put my feet on the ground and keep them there.
A bike tour puts you in a strange state of mind. There is no normalcy. There is no permanence. Every day takes you to a new place, with new people, so life gains this strange sense of momentum, like you are truly moving through spacetime in a new kind of way, truly tearing through it, gathering beautiful moments at a pace that seems unreal. It's hard to keep track of what the hell is happening. This may seem strange, but there were many times where I would have to stop and remind myself, as I pushed my pedals around for the millionth time, just where I was and what I was doing. The rhythm of biking can put you in a dream state, and this was like a sudden wakeup call, memories screaming forward: YOU ARE IN A CORNFIELD. THREE WEEKS AGO YOU WERE ON THE EAST COAST. YOU CAME HERE WITH YOUR OWN TWO FEET.
Those bursts of realization were an instant pick me up. I would smile and shake my head and pedal harder into the wind. But as exhilarating as it all was, I have to say that the unfamiliarity of life in that mode could be exhausting. Sometimes I'd be in my tent alone and the freedom was gone, the blur of the road was gone, the kind strangers and the kind places were gone, and all I had was a phone full of numbers of people I hadn't seen in weeks, and I'd call them and my eyes would water a little when I heard their voices. So don't let me ever tell you I didn't get lonely. I did. Emotions, though, are speedy little things. A day later I'd be laughing wildly with a new best friend, in love with the universe, and loneliness was this little beast I felt I hardly knew.
There are country-hopping nomads who will scoff at the settled. “How can they stay anchored when there's so much to see?” You know what, I've probably said that myself. But it's funny because I think I can understand both tribes. I love the open road and the mindset travel gives me. I've written about it a lot. But ultimately, I find comfort in the life of the homebody, too. I like that now, in Madison, I have my own bed that I can call my own. I have a room that is only mine, and I don't have to pack it up in the morning. I make friends and the next day, they are still here. I don't have to say goodbye. Faces and places become familiar, and that feels good.
Luckily, I think I've created a compromise. I can travel in bursts and settle in stages. I know it works for me because, after the transition, I feel right away at peace. It only took me one day here in Madison to feel like I'd lived here forever. And, I remember, my very first day on the bike felt like I had hopped back into a body that had always been moving, that had no home and was happy to say so. There is no culture shock, as they say, no adjustment stage, really. I can be in one mode or the other. Flick the switch and I'm in it with pleasure.
So being here in Madison has been a real joy. I ride my bike for an hour or two every night (that switch can be slippery), and I feel so much joy to live in a place with lakes; to live in a place with fireflies; to live in a place with cheap beer and funny language classes. It would have been one thing to have zoomed through here on my bike. I would have written a glowing post and moved on. But what a feeling to say that I LIVE here! There is pride in residence, like it's some kind of ownership. I like the feeling of taking this foreign place and making it familiar, making it a home. A missing sense of comfort comes rushing back.
I'm living at a co-op called Ambrosia, sharing a mansion with thirty other people. There are communal dinners of falafel and beans. There's a house piano and a banjo that get played at one another. There are cute girls and nice guys and funny little kids running around, painting each other's toenails. There's a hammock on the porch and a deck over the water, and in the evenings bats eat mosquitoes and we fan ourselves in the humid heat.
In the mornings, I go to school. I try to teach my mouth new things. I try to teach it to say “tanyskanyma kuanyshtymyn,” which is a breezy little way to say “nice to meet you.” There are only two other students in my class, which makes for quick learning and easy collegiality. I found a Kazakh-English slang book in the library, and we laugh a lot at its nonsense. “Gotta put on the feedbag,” says one phrase. “Don't fickle me!”
Already, the trip feels so long-gone that it's like a life lived by somebody else. I was just looking at all my pictures from the trip, and I smile seeing all the places and faces I really loved so much, but gosh - it feels so far away. It feels so far behind me. But it's funny to think back to when it was just the opposite, when it was so far ahead that I couldn't even see it on my mental calendar. It was all just a pie in the sky. Let me take you back.
A year ago, I was living in Kyrgyzstan, and my friend Greg sent me a link. It had a map of the US, and a guy with a travel beard on a saddled-down bike. There was one simple, encouraging sentence that set me off. Six words. “Anyone can ride a bike across.” Greg had written just a line with the link, and it said “We should do this when you get back.” They may not even remember writing that. But right then I took it as my next big dream. I would buy a bike and ride far.
When I did get back, I bought that bike, and I rode from LA to San Francisco and back again. I thought I'd do a cross-country trip this summer, like the bearded guy, and I bought a ticket to New York City. Plans changed. I got into Stanford. Stanford suggested summer school. Stanford offered a scholarship. I took it. So the cross-country trip got turned into a half-country trip, because the school was in Wisconsin. That dream, though? Of the guy with the bike and the bags on the side of the road? I still made that mine. And I'm proud of it.
It's strange to sit now, with all that dreaming behind me. I took a bold idea and godammit, I did it. Now what?
I made it all the way to Wisconsin. I made it to Madison. The adventure and the blog are over. But there is fun on either side of the switch. When I was on the road, I met new people every day and I came to really care for them. I saw new places and I fell in love with my country. Now, I rest my weary legs, but I'm basking in the afterglow. Just because I've gotten sedentary doesn't mean I'll get serious. I'm still going to talk to strangers and sing at birds and swallow gulps of wind from the seat of my bike. I'm still going to act like a madman, because I'm young and I want to live.
Ok, seriously, these are so cool!
I have been sitting at work all week feeling like a little kid as I watched this package travel across the US, and I saw it end up in my little town in Washington yesterday.
I'm always a little worried because the postal service around here has a habit of not servicing my building very well, but when I opened my mailbox and saw a key for the over-sized package mailbox I just about lost it. Popped the key in, turned the lock, and there it was, this majestic, nondescript white box with Groupon's branding on it. What ordinarily is a short walk to my apartment door was made shorter by my giddy half-skip.
Having no idea what was I being getting into, I carefully cut the tape at the seems and was delighted to find a box inside of the box, which was stamped with a shiny NFL sticker. I could tell already that my Secret Santa was nailing this.
A couple more delicate slices and what do I find by two glasses with a Seahawk's logo on them and a little sticker that tells me they change color in the presence of ice cold beverages. I chucked some ice in the glass, filled it with water, and woo! Seahawks all over the ish!
Jonathan, thank you! This is fantastic! I'm sorry I didn't wait until Christmas day to open this, but I was just too excited! You're the best!
In their recent piece for The New York Times, “What ‘Snowflakes' Get Right about Free Speech,” Ulrich Baer offers a defense of student groups who disrupt campus speakers. Baer argues that freedom of speech means “balancing the inherent value of a given view with the obligation to ensure that other members of a given community can participate in discourse as fully recognized members of that community.”
The obvious problem with Baer's philosophy is that there is no objective criteria for evaluating the “inherent value” of any given viewpoint, nor for determining when it deprives another of recognized membership in a community. This problem of subjectivity is compounded by the ideological imbalance in higher education, which raises questions about the ability of liberal academics to collectively assess the merits of conservative speech. In recent years, students have attempted to interrupt a large number of speakers whose political views were deemed offensive for a variety of amorphous reasons. We cannot assume that students are capable of making correct judgments about these individuals' views, based on what the read on the internet. Students' chants at Middlebury College that labeled Charles Murray “anti-gay,” despite their public support for gay marriage, reveal the flaw in this assumption.
Baer's viewpoint is also not new. This is a reiteration of Herbert Marcuse's thesis in their essay on “Repressive Tolerance,” which I critiqued in a previous blog post.
My primary objection to Baer's argument, however, is not that they are willing to sacrifice the rights of those they find objectionable to support the rights of others. A legitimate case can be made for limiting some voices- if doing so would provide marginalized groups greater voice or would contribute to a net gain in freedom. We frequently limit individual rights when they compromise the rights of others and safeguarding minority voices requires extra vigilance.
While I understand their intentions and can't fault their goals, Baer demonstrates a lack of understanding of the broad social consequences of political intolerance. One cannot simply pick and choose to whom tolerance and freedom of expression applies. The scientific research shows political intolerance infects the democratic system broadly. For example, intolerance towards racists on the General Social Survey is positively correlated with intolerance towards radical Muslims, communists, and other groups. Those who are intolerant of one group tend to be intolerant of others and of political communication in general. Gibson (1992) demonstrates that people perceive their political freedom to be limited in intolerant societies. Thus, intolerance creates a “culture of conformity” that suppresses political debate: “Without a culture that legitimizes political opposition, those outside the centrist mainstream have few political opportunities. Ultimately, the political system loses its democratic vitality.”
The free speech rights of minority groups are the easiest to suppress in a democratic system that is not committed to protecting the rights of those with whom we most fundamentally disagree. Europe has been far more willing to restrict offensive or hateful speech. Accordingly, some of our European allies have also been quick to repress minority rights in the name of the common good. The French burqa/veil ban is the most obvious example. In our own history, First Amendment protections have been vital to progressive causes. The Civil Rights Movement relied on the Supreme Court's defense of the First Amendment (in cases like New York Times Co. v. Sullivan) when opponents tried to restrict press coverage of racist incidents. Young people don't know this history; their civic knowledge is low and declining with each generation. Yet, academics should certainly understand the historical context and the importance of free expression to progressive movements.
A system that promotes intolerance of others will have the most severe consequences on those who lack political power. Providing voice to the marginalized requires a deep, uncompromising commitment to freedom of conscience. It requires that young people learn the importance of extending basic civil rights to all people, even if they find them objectionable. This does not mean that ideas go unchallenged. Ideas that are rooted in hate or discrimination will not find academia to be a hospitable environment. Yet, censoring views we find objectionable creates an environment that is generally hostile to discourse, and conservative viewpoints will not be the only causalities.
This doesn't mean that students should not protest against speakers they find objectionable. But protesting someone is not the same as silencing someone. There is a world of difference between making your opposition known and refusing to let people know your opposition. The former is democracy. The latter is dangerous.
Opinions expressed are those of the author(s). Publication does not imply endorsement by Heterodox Academy or any of its members. We welcome your comments below. Feel free to challenge and disagree, but please try to model the sort of respectful and constructive criticism that makes viewpoint diversity most valuable. Comments that include obscenity or that sound like a tirade or screed are likely to be deleted.
It comes down to one final round, down to three races, and three drivers. The final round of the 2016 All-Japan Formula Three Championship will be contested at Sportsland SUGO, a circuit with a well-established reputation in Super GT as a high-action venue.
Three drivers representing two teams will have three races to stake their claim to a championship that has been won by future Japanese racing legends, Le Mans champions, and F1 grand prix heroes alike. Each of these young men would make a worthy champion, but only one of them can claim the prize at the end of the week.
Winning the All-Japan Formula Three Championship is an important stepping stone in many drivers' careers. But don't take our word for it. Just ask the outgoing series champion, Nick Cassidy, now racing for Lexus Team au TOM's in Super GT, and Prema Powerteam in the FIA European Formula 3 Championship.
“My time in the Japanese Formula 3 Championship is something I will always be very fond of,” says Cassidy. “I had a really good weekend at Sugo last year where I was able to clinch the championship, but was under a lot of pressure going into the weekend on equal points with my teammate (Kenta) Yamashita.”
“The competition in Japan in general is very strong, as proven by guys like Yamashita, Mitsunori Takaboshi and Nirei Fukuzumi (now racing in the GP3 Series) with their programs this year, but it was also great having GT500 drivers come back to do one-off rounds and provide a reference.”
“Without the support of Toyota and TOM'S last year, I wouldn't be in Super GT today. I have a lot to thank for this, and also the learning I was able to do in 2015. I learnt a lot about the circuits, team interaction and culture in Japan which was helped with the transition into GT500.”
Cassidy is the latest in a lineage of great champions such as Ronnie Quintarelli, Juichi Wakisaka, Benoit Treluyer, and “Mr. Le Mans” himself, Tom Kristensen – just to name a small, small handful of the future greats. Only one of these three young men will take their place in this lineage of champions:
Nissan GT Academy graduate Jann Mardenborough is enjoying a sterling return to Formula 3 racing for the B-Max Racing team, powered by Volkswagen engines in their first year in Japan. With four wins, six pole positions, and seven total podiums, “Jann tha Man” leads the series with 88 points.
Though it is their first season in Japan, Mardenborough is no stranger to Sugo, having raced here in July in the Super GT GT300 class – where Mardenborough is also a title contender in the #3 B-Max NDDP Nissan GT-R. Mardenborough and co-driver Kazuki Hoshino drove from 21st to finish 5th in a brilliant race, the last time they raced at Sugo.
It is a great first year in Japan, a year that has breathed new life into the Cardiff native's racing career after a year littered with setbacks and unthinkable tragedies. Already, Mardenborough is in the frame for a potential GT500 promotion for 2017 – but their focus this week is on winning their very first single-seater championship.
TOM's Racing ace Kenta Yamashita enters this final round just eight points adrift (80 points) after a dominant win in the first race at the most recent round at Okayama. With Mardenborough scoring only three points in the last meeting, Yamashita's total of 14 points scored was enough to not only keep their title hopes alive, but give them a boost of momentum.
“I rate them as one of the best teammates I've ever had, and think he's done so far a good job also in 2016,” says Cassidy of their former F3 teammate.
Yamashita knows all too well the sting of defeat in this championship. Twice in the last two seasons, they have been the early favourite to win the title, only to lose the lead in the championship down the stretch. Last year saw their championship hopes to evaporate into the aether, as Cassidy drove a perfect race weekend to clinch the title at Sugo.
This year, the 21-year-old from Chiba, one of Toyota's most promising young drivers, wants to finally claim the honour that has eluded them the last two years.
But there's an unexpected challenge from Yamashita's new teammate, Sho Tsuboi, who's still within reach of the championship at 71 points.
Tsuboi is the only true rookie in the title hunt, with Mardenborough having raced in British and European F3 prior to this season. Tsuboi, from Saitama, stepped up from the FIA F4 Japanese Championship, where they were the series' inaugural champion a year ago. This year, they went on a run of twelve consecutive podium finishes in their first twelve race starts – a streak that ended with a 4th place at the second Okayama race.
To stay in contention this weekend, Tsuboi must do something he's yet to do all season – win races. He's scored four second places, eight third places, but not one victory all year long. With a 17 point margin to overcome, this is their last chance to make a push for the title.
As for Cassidy, and their thoughts on who comes away with the championship?
“I think it will be tough to choose between Jann and Kenta on who will take the title, but for sure both are deserving champions.”
“Tsuboi has done a great job this year as a rookie, but maybe the points gap is a little too much.”
And still, there are more stories to follow, such as Tadasuke Makino – who has been signed to drive the Drago Modulo Honda NSX for the rest of the Super GT season. Driving for TODA Racing, Makino's been the class of the Honda Formula Dream Project (HFDP) roster in 2016, and with a good trio of results in Sugo, it will give the 19-year-old a wave of momentum heading into their GT500 debut.
And from there, in 2017? Who knows for sure, but their potential seems limitless.
There's also the returning Katsumasa Chiyo, back from their injury that forced them to miss two Formula 3 rounds and the Suzuka 1000km. While Chiyo hasn't been able to match their B-Max Racing teammate Mardenborough's pace for most of the season in Formula 3, they did win their last race in the series – back in July at Fuji Speedway.
And there's the National Class championship, which has been dominated by 22-year-old rookie Yoshiaki Katayama and their Toyota-engined Dallara F306N for Petit LeMans Racing.
Eight victories, ten pole positions, and eleven total podiums have given Katayama a 33-point lead over the man, the myth, the legend known only as DRAGON. They can clinch the championship by scoring as few as three points in the first race of the weekend.
And considering that the list of former National Class champions features the likes of Naoki Yamamoto, Katsumasa Chiyo, Mitsunori Takaboshi, Daiki Sasaki, Takashi Kobayashi, and Hideki Yamauchi, all of whom have enjoyed success in Super GT this year – Katayama may yet have a bright future in Super GT ahead of him.
Round 15 of the Japanese F3 season takes place at 14:40 JST on Saturday, a 25-lap race. Rounds 16 and 17 will be held on Sunday, the first 18-lap race at 8:30 JST, the second at 13:30, just before the start of the Super Formula race. Qualifying will be from 10:20-10:50 JST on Saturday.
Japan Formula 3's official USTREAM Live channel will broadcast the weekend's events.
TLC's 1995 single "Waterfalls" was the R&B trio's biggest hit, spending seven weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. But it was far more than just another pop hit: The track told a cautionary tale of HIV and AIDS, and its video depicted a man who didn't wear a condom with their girlfriend and later watched their body degenerate in the mirror. "His health is fading and they don't know why," the trio sang. "Three letters took them to their final resting place."
"The video spoke for a whole epidemic," says T-Boz, who with Chilli are the remaining TLC members following Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes' death in 2002.
T-Boz adds, "We used to have so many patients come up and say, 'Thanks for being our voice and getting the message out there to let people know how easily this is contracted.'"
While the trio's iconic voices are unmistakable on the track, fans may be surprised to learn there was yet another superstar singing on the track: Cee Lo Green!
"He was chilling in the studio, so I was like 'Hey, you sing good, why don't you [sing backup]?" T-Boz recalls of The Voice coach. "He was in Goodie Mob, we grew up together, we go way back. They did and it was amazing! I love their voice. Then, everybody knew them as a rapper. Now, the world knows them as a singer, but they were like that years ago."
Watch the full interview above for more on "Waterfalls," including details about Left Eye's verse. Then go back in time with the original "Waterfalls" music video below.
The Obama administration is engineering its new bailout initiatives in a way that it believes will allow firms benefiting from the programs to avoid restrictions imposed by Congress, including limits on lavish executive pay, according to government officials.
Administration officials have concluded that this approach is vital for persuading firms to participate in programs funded by the $700 billion financial rescue package.
The administration believes it can sidestep the rules because, in many cases, it has decided not to provide federal aid directly to financial companies, the sources said. Instead, the government has set up special entities that act as middlemen, channeling the bailout funds to the firms and, via this two-step process, stripping away the requirement that the restrictions be imposed, according to officials.
Although some experts are questioning the legality of this strategy, the officials said it gives them latitude to determine whether firms should be subject to the congressional restrictions, which would require recipients to turn over ownership stakes to the government, as well as curb executive pay.
The administration has decided that the conditions should not apply in at least three of the five initiatives funded by the rescue package.
This strategy has so far attracted little scrutiny on Capitol Hill, and even some senior congressional aides dealing with the financial crisis said they were unaware of the administration's efforts. Just two weeks ago, Congress erupted in outrage over bonuses being paid at American International Group, with some lawmakers faulting the administration for failing to do more to safeguard taxpayers' interests.
Rep. Edolphus Towns (D-N.Y.), chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said the congressional conditions should apply to any firm benefiting from bailout funds. They said they planned to review the administration's decisions and might seek to undo them. "We have to make certain that if they are using government money in any sort of way, there should be restrictions," they said.
A Treasury spokesperson defended the approach. "These programs are designed to both comply with the law and ensure taxpayers' funds are used most effectively to bring about economic recovery," spokesperson Andrew Williams said.
In one program, designed to restart small-business lending, President Obama's officials are planning to set up a middleman called a special-purpose vehicle -- a term made notorious during the Enron scandal -- or another type of entity to evade the congressional mandates, sources familiar with the matter said.
In another program, which seeks to restart consumer lending, a special entity was created largely for the separate purpose of getting around legal limits on the Federal Reserve, which is helping fund this initiative. The Fed does not ordinarily provide support for the markets that finance credit cards, auto loans and student loans but could channel the funds through a middleman.
At first, when the initiative was being developed last year, the Bush administration decided to apply executive-pay limits to firms participating in this program. But Obama officials reversed that decision days before it was unveiled on March 3 and lifted the curbs, according to sources who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions were private.
Obama's team is also planning to exempt financial firms that participate in a program designed to find private investors to buy the distressed assets on the books of banks. But Treasury officials are still examining the legal basis for doing so. Congress has exempted the Treasury from applying the restrictions in a fourth program, which aids lenders who modify mortgages for struggling homeowners.
Steam Machine Wiki for the updates and comparisons of the Steam Machine hardware from the various manufacturers. Steam Machine now has it's own wiki! Head to thefor the updates and comparisons of the Steam Machine hardware from the various manufacturers.
What is Valve's Steam Machine? [ edit ]
The Steam Machine is Valve-developed hardware that is set to be released some time in 2014.[1] Multiple different iterations of the device will be released by different hardware manufacturers, and they will all be running the recently announced SteamOS. Along with the different manufacturers, Valve will also be releasing their own version of the Steam Box. This version will be considered the benchmark for the devices, and the others will highlight other features such as physical design, quietness, price and even power.
Why is Valve Making a Steam Machine? [ edit ]
Valve has a very successful digital distribution platform with Steam and has become extremely interested in expanding its reach. The Big Picture mode is part of the process, which gives Steam a facelift and makes it more gamepad-friendly for use on a big TV in the living room. The Steam Machine is the next step, merging interface with hardware and, at least in theory, letting Valve reach customers who'd normally be scared of more traditional PC gaming.
Loading
How is Steam Machine Different from a Standard PC? [ edit ]
(Most people Including console gamers don't know this.)It appears that it is just be a small form factor PC. It will, according to Newell,be Linux-based. It will not be a closed system like a console. It will also be possible to change the hardware, install your own software, run another OS, and even "use it to build a robot" according to the Valve website.[2]
How Much Will a Steam Machine Cost? [ edit ]
This is not yet known. It all depends on which components Valve decides to offer as well as what the input device turns out to be.
Will the Steam Machine Have a Unique Input Device? [ edit ]
Newell has indicated that there will be a unique input device for the Steam Box that could somehow utilize biometrics and gaze tracking.  They are not very fond of Wii-like or Kinect-like motion controls. Valve in the past has also backed the Oculus Rift, a virtual reality device, and expressed interest in the possibilities of augmented reality gaming. [3]
What Special Features will the Steam Machine Have?
[ edit ]
Valve seems very interested in the idea of using one Steam Machine to send a signal to numerous monitors through local networks, perhaps as much as eight, so that one Steam Machine could serve an entire household. [4]
Is Xi3's Piston the Steam Machine?
[ edit ]
Sort of. It is not made by Valve, though it is associated with Valve. Some companies, like Xi3 with Piston and NVIDIA with Project Shield, are working with Valve in some capacity. In some cases, like with Xi3, Valve has even directly invested in other companies. This is likely to help the companies produce hardware that might be appealing to a more general audience and then only talk about Steam games, as opposed to PC games. Valve has said we should expect more announcements from other companies about different styles of gaming machines throughout 2013, but those won't necessarily be the official, Valve-produced Steam Machine. [5]
More on the Xi3 Piston
More on Nvidia's Project Shield
Loading
So When is the Steam Machine Going to be Ready? [ edit ]
All signs are pointing to somewhere in 2014, according to the most recent news announcement from Valve.[6] A beta program to test the console is available to sign up for right now, and those selected will receive a free console to test out. The beta program is set to start before the end of 2013.
Was this guide helpful? YES NO
Size now appears to be no barrier to building competent vehicles without internal combustion engines. Big battery-powered electric vehicles like trucks once seemed fanciful, because their large masses need a lot of energy to shift and diesel fuel is much more energy-dense than a lithium-ion cell. But that's not holding people back from seeing just what kind of performance they can eke out of electrified working vehicles.
Today, electric bus maker Proterra has announced that one of its Catalyst E2 Max electric buses, pictured above, has set a new world record for the longest distance traveled by an electric vehicle on a single charge. Its 660 kilowatt-hours of battery capacity—almost nine times the capacity of the largest batteries in Tesla's new Model 3 sedan—allowed it to cruise 1,101 miles, albeit at 15 mph, around the Navistar Proving Grounds in Indiana.
Elsewhere, Swiss firms Lithium Storage GmbH and Kuhn Schweiz AG have converted a monstrous Komatsu dumper mining truck with a giant 700 kilowatt-hour battery packs to create the world's largest electric vehicle, Electrek reports. Weighing 110 tons—4.5 tons of which are battery pack—it's not yet in use, so there are no performance stats. But its makers do expect its descents back into the quarry to allow it to top its batteries up with as much as 40 kilowatt-hours of charge via regenerative braking.
Meantime, plenty of folks are also busy building electric trucks. Last week we reported that Daimler's new eCanter electric load haulers are to be put to use in America by UPS. Today, Bosch announced that it's partnering with startup Nikola Motor Co. to launch a pair of heavy-duty trucks with hydrogen-electric powertrains and ranges of at least 800 miles by 2021. And, of course, Tesla is expected to unveil its own electric semi in October.
In other words, diesel's days may be numbered, even in heavy-duty vehicles.
T-Shirts From The Nerdy Show Network!
Posted by NerdyShow on November 23, 2015
It's been a while since we've debuted new t-shirts here on Nerdy Show – years in fact! Well, we're making up for lost time. How does nine new shirts sound?
Yes, fight off the cold and pesky crumbs in style! With these snazzy t-shirts you can rep your favorite podcasts while rocking amazing artwork, a slick logo, or a cool in-joke for folks in the know. How are we able to launch so many new shirts? Our old pals at Amazon launched a new program called Merch that offers super high-quality shirts printed on demand and sent directly to you. We were skeptical, but we checked them out and the quality of these prints is astounding.
So what's new? We've got our geek amalgam Nerdy Show Network logo, two Friday Night Fanfiction designs, No Fangs, Lightning Dogs, shirts for every party member of Dungeons & Doritos with new art by Tony as well as their art from the episode “Run Away”, and an old school design Tony and Mike cooked up for PikaThor of the mighty Pokévengers! Plus for the first time ever we're able to offer fem-cut shirts in addition to the unisex tees. Youth shirts too (it's not advisable to let your kids listen to D&D). Check out all the new designs below or head to our new shirt page for the ever-growing catalog.
Hey, what about those old designs? Glad you asked! You can still pick up what's left of our original print run of Epic Dungeons & Doritos Shirt and Ninja Teen Nerdy Show Logo on our main store. We're selling those cheaper on our site because we can. Also, there's limited availability on some sizes (though we've got a 4XL D&D which Amazon doesn't offer). But if we ran out of your size or you always wanted a fem cut – now's your chance on Amazon!
Are you following Nerdy Show on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, & Google +?
cty identity on/off
Two Staten Island ferries cross in our busy New York Harbor. July 27, 2015
(Staten Island Advance/ Jan Somma-Hammel)
CITY HALL -- Increased service buoyed Staten Island Ferry ridership to record levels this year.
There were 23.1 million ferry passengers between July 2015 and this past June, according the Mayor's Management Report for fiscal year 2016. That's about 1.2 million more riders or a 5 percent increase from the same time last year.
That's also about a million more than the previous record set in 2012, when the ferry had 22.2 million riders.
The city noted last fall's implementation of half-hour ferry service to explain the ridership boost.
"With New York City's strong economy and ferry boats now crossing the harbor to and from Staten Island at least every 30 minutes, 24/7, it's no surprise that we saw a surge in ridership this past year," Mayor Bill de Blasio said in a statement.
The Department of Transportation added 26 additional trips in October 2015 to ensure a boat always leaves every 30 minutes or less.
A city-commissioned feasibility study estimated in 2014 that increasing service with existing ferries would result in only about 160,000 new passengers annually.
Borough President James Oddo, whose law mandated the service increase, said that the ridership total released on Monday show the new trips were worth the fight.
"These numbers underscore our belief that the most consistent mass transit outlet Staten Islanders have is our Ferry," Oddo said in a statement. "The universe of Staten Island Ferry riders will continue to grow, and that's why we have asked the Administration to sit down now with us so we can continue to improve service today for commuters and be ready for the crush of tourists coming next year and beyond."
Oddo added that this is why they asked the city to study new designations for the ferry.
"From quality-of-life improvements, like new charging stations in terminals, to more than $300 million invested in the new 'Ollis Class' of ferries, we are committed to providing world-class ferry service to and from Staten Island at no cost to passengers," de Blasio said.
The first of three new ferry boats, named for the late Staff Sgt. Michael Ollis, will hit the water in 2019. The new boats are funded with some $314 million in federal, state and city money as well as grants.
Last year's new service was possible with $4.9 million more in the Department of Transportation's budget. The ridership increase kept the cost per passenger at $5.87 for the second year in a row.
The city reported that 92.3 percent of trips were on time from July 2015 to June 2016. There were 19 passenger injuries during that time, compared to 32 in the previous 12 months.
The fiscal year 2016 figure is the highest ridership since the city began annually releasing that number in the Mayor's Management Report, though comprehensive records are not available.
Reports from the Advance in the 1960s indicate ferry ridership peaked in 1964, when the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge opened. The ferry recorded 27.5 million fares that year, up half a million from 1963.
The above article was updated to include ridership figures from the Advance's own archives.
House prices rose strongly in March with new record median prices being set in Auckland, Waikato/Bay of Plenty, Wellington, Nelson/Marlborough, Canterbury/Westland and Central Otago/Lakes, according to the Real Estate Institute of NZ.
The REINZ's national median selling price was $495,000 last month, a new all-time high and up 10% compared to February.
In Auckland, the median selling price hit a new all-time high of $820,000 In March, up 9.3% compared to February and up 13.9% compared to March last year.
Within the Auckland region the biggest increase occurred within the central suburbs that used to fall within the boundaries of the former Auckland City Council, where the median jumped 16.7% for the month to $856,000.
The North Shore remains the country's most expensive district with a median selling price of $1 million in March, up 6.4% compared to February.
In Waitakere the median price rose 7.2% for the month to $732,500, in Manukau the median was up 2.7% for the month to $770,000 and in Rodney it was up 1.3% to $770,000.
There was an even bigger increase in the number of homes sold in Auckland, with 3230 selling throughout the region last month, up a whopping 66.8% compared to February although that was still down 12% compared to March last year.
Other parts of the country to post strong gains in prices last month were Hamilton up 7.5%, Tauranga up 3.6%, Mt Manganui/Papamoa up 5.4%, Gisborne up 9.4%, Levin up 8.5% and Queenstown up 4.2%.
Prices were a bit of a mixed bag in the Wellington region, with double digit gains for the month in its eastern and western districts, but falls in its central and southern suburbs, which saw the regional median price rise by 1.8% for the month.
In Christchurch prices were largely flat, with the median up 1.1% for the month but perhaps more significantly, up just 1.1% compared to March last year.
Areas to post a drop in the median selling price last month were Rotorua -6.3%, Taupo -9.6%, Napier -2.3%, Hastings -2.3%, Palmerston North -3.4%, New Plymouth -15%, Hawera - 22.9%, Central Wellington -23.8%, Nelson -3.5%, Timaru -4%, Rangiora -4.6%, West Coast -7.8%,Dunedin -1.6%, and Invercargill -2.8% (see the interactive chart below for the median selling price movements in all regions).
REINZ chief executive Colleen Milne said there was a noticeable surge in sales of higher priced properties in March, especially in Auckland where the number of homes selling for more than $1 million accounted for 35% of sales last month.
"The data demonstrates a generally robust real estate market across New Zealand, with Auckland appearing to overcome the changes to tax and LVR's introduced towards the end of last year and anecdotal evidence of surging investor demand in a number of regional markets," the REINZ said in its March report.
RBNZ to pause for thought with the Auckland housing market back in the game?
In a First impression note on the REINZ figures Westpac chief economist Dominick Stephens said the strength of the housing market would be problematic for the Reserve Bank and may cause it to pause for thought about the pace and extent of further cuts to the OCR.
However in their Quickview newsletter on the figures, ASB economist Kim Mundy said although the Auckland housing market appeared to be "well and truly back in the game," the latest figures did not change their view that the Reserve Bank would cut the OCR by 25 basis points in June and August.
Labour's housing spokesperson Phil Twyford said the $70,000 increase in Auckland's median house price in a single month was one and half times the median income in Auckland.
"These figures show that despite the Government's new bright line test and tax information requirements for offshore speculators coming into effect last October, the housing market has rebounded and is as hot as ever," they said.
"National needs to take meaningful action to take the heat out of the Auckland market and restore the kiwi dream of home ownership.
"The Government must embark on a massive state-backed building programme to flood the market with affordable homes, ban offshore speculators from pushing prices beyond the reach of kiwi families and genuinely reform restrictive planning rules," they said.
To read the REINZ's full regional reports for March click on the following link:
REINZ Residential Regional Commentary - March 2016.pdf
Wild social networks affect gut bacteria
For wild baboons in Kenya, an individual's social network can be used to predict which species of bacteria will be found in its gut.
eLife Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 26, 2015
The digestive system is home to a complex community of microbes — known as the gut microbiome — that contributes to our health and wellbeing by digesting food, producing essential vitamins, and preventing the growth of harmful bacteria. The recent development of rapid genome sequencing techniques has made it much easier to identify the species of microbes found in the gut microbiome, and how this microbiome's composition varies between individuals.
Studies in humans and other primates suggest that direct contact during social interactions may alter the composition of the gut microbiome in an individual. This could explain why there is a strong association between social interactions and health in humans and other social animals. However, similarities in the gut microbiomes of individuals within a social group could also be due to a shared diet or a common environment. The information collected during long-term studies of wild primates offers an opportunity to analyze and assess the influence of diet, environment and social interaction on the gut microbiome.
Jenny Tung and co-workers studied the gut microbiomes of 48 wild baboons belonging to two different social groups in Amboseli, Kenya. Using a technique called shotgun metagenomic sequencing, they sequenced DNA extracted from samples of feces collected from individual baboons. The sequence data revealed that an individual's social group and social network can predict the species found in its gut microbiome. This remained the case even when other factors — such as diet, kinship, and shared environments — were taken into account.
Tung and co-workers's findings suggest that direct physical contact during social interactions may be important in transmitting gut microbiomes between members of the same social group. However, scientists still don't know whether this exchange is good or bad for the health of the baboons. Future work will try to understand whether baboons benefit from acquiring gut microbes from their group members, and if the gut microbes of some social groups are better than others.
To find out more
Read the eLife research paper on which this story is based: “Social networks predict gut microbiome composition in wild baboons” (March 16, 2015).
Read a commentary on this research paper: “Metagenomics: Social behavior and the microbiome”.
eLife is an open-access journal that publishes outstanding research in the life sciences and biomedicine.
Despite Volkwagen Group's financial setbacks from Dieselgate, Audi is setting its sights high—possibly even on Formula One. German publication spox.com (via f1i.com) reports that an emissary from Audi is being sent this Friday to Paris to influence Formula One's planned engine regulations for 2022 onward. It was initially assumed that Audi canned its Blancpain World Endurance Championship efforts after the diesel scandal came to light—despite having several successful years—but now it looks like it may have done so in preparation for an upward move to F1.
Rumors of VAG wishing to join Formula One have been making their rounds for years, with the company itself denouncing the claims on at least one occasion to Autosport. The Autosport article also makes a second curious distinction: "the Volkswagen Group will not enter Formula 1 until the ownership of the sport and the technical regulations are settled." This statement was made before the American media conglomerate, Liberty Media, bought out the rights to the sport in late 2016, which means the former half of VAG's concerns with entering the sport have been appeased.
One question, however, does remain. Does Audi, upon entering the sport, try to build a new team from the group up, à la Haas F1, or does it partner with an existing team—the way Honda did? The dissolution of its WEC efforts saw valuable members of its motorsports team catch outward-bound flights to other disciplines of motorsport. One name associated with this was Jörg Zander, who was the Head of Technology at Audi Sport, and was tasked with the success of the WEC team. After the team met a sad fate after the conclusion of the 2016 season, Zander made a flight to familiar ground at Sauber F1, where they had been chief designer during some of the team's halcyon days of BMW Sauber.
Now, there is no guarantee that Audi and Zander will seek each other out again, to form a Sauber Audi partnership with which to compete in the 2022 F1 season. Sauber has never been the most successful outfit, so Audi may instead seek out a more successful team like Williams, McLaren, Force India, or Red Bull to aid in its F1 efforts. Given Zander's ability in constructing competitive cars, however, it won't be unsurprising if Audi pursues a pairing with Sauber because of old ties. Time will tell.
Alan Partridge has donned their windbreaker and undertaken a personal odyssey. It's a walk from Norwich to Dungeness A power station – a trip that they insist has everything to do self-edification and nothing at all to do with cash flow. Coincidentally, it forms the subject of their new book Alan Partridge: Nomad. We tracked down the man himself...
GQ: You didn't succeed in having the walk made into a TV series. Was it tough to secure the publishing deal?
Alan Partridge: In hindsight, this walk was never suited to television. I discovered that the physical exertion of rambling makes me go puce red. I'd never realised! (An ex-girlfriend had told me that I go red during sex, but I'd assumed they were just getting their own back on me because I'd said they had different-sized feet.) No, this walk was always destined for print. And so on completion I dangled it under the hungry noses of the publishing industry and waited for a bite, incrementally lowering my price once a week for 18 weeks, until the book was snapped up by a publishing house I had definitely heard of.
Advertisement
Do you have rituals that help you to write?
I'll often loosen up by watching a movie, typically Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot. Sylvester Stallone plays a cop and for some reason they end up being followed around by their elderly mother, who was in The Golden Girls or Cocoon, or both, or neither. They get in the way and they become increasingly irritated, but together they crack a crime and it all ends well. It's staggeringly funny.
Read next The best books to read right now type-gallery The best books to read right now A definitive list of books no man (or woman) should be without.
What was the best anecdote that didn't end up in the book?
Advertisement
Bumping into the guy from Grand Designs at a go-karting centre and having a chat. (Boring when written down.)
When you're not working, how do you like to relax?
I head to the weekly Saturday morning bring-and-buy sale at St Luke's Church Hall in Beccles. It's a magnet for people who like to buy chipped crockery, knackered board games and the shoes of dead people. I tend to go down there whenever I want to take my mind off the pressures of work. I fill the boot with tat from my local Mencap store, then sell it for twice what I paid for it. I absolutely rinse them. You're supposed to give ten per cent of all your profits to the church's Africa appeal, but I prefer to give it to my own favourite charity, The National Trust.
Read next Exclusive: Read Tony Parsons' new book '#Taken' in its entirety Exclusive: Read Tony Parsons' new book '#Taken' in its entirety We're serialising the sixth and final instalment in the DC Max Wolfe series of bestselling detective novels.
Chapter 28 is about your ex-girlfriend. Have they been in touch since the book came out?
Steady on. Do I ask you personal questions? Because I could. Where did you get those shoes? Have you ever done a wee in the shower? Do you have eczema? Why do your eyes look sad when you smile? Not nice, is it? Right, ask me another question.
What was your fondest memory from the book launch?
Advertisement
That's better. The finger food. Where did you get your shoes, by the way? They're superb.
What's your next project?
I'm still trying to sell Dogs On Fogle to a UK broadcaster. Simple idea: Ben Fogle is given a one-mile head start and pursued by hunting dogs. They have the option of wearing a heavily padded suit. It will protect him, but it will slow them down. So, you see, it's very strategic. Ben texted me to say he's getting cold feet about the idea, but they always do this. I think it's a bargaining tactic.
Alan Partridge: Nomad (Trapeze, £20) is out now
The Henry VI trilogy comprises the least loved of Shakespeare's histories. In the theatre their contorted politics – featuring many characters named after counties and cathedrals – can have the feel of a marathon run in a maze.
The latest instalment of The Hollow Crown – following on from the four plays, culminating in Henry V, which the BBC adapted in 2012 - has tidied the Henry VI plays into two two-hour films. The result, as spied from a press screening this week before the films' broadcast in early May, is moreishly thrilling – and features a dazzling turn from one of the most talked about actors of our age.
The grand narrative arc of more than a century of dynastic conflict between Yorkists and Lancastrians is brought compellingly into focus by Ben Power's streamlined adaptation. We rejoin the story with Henry VI (Tom Sturridge) now the nominal monarch but all power vested in their uncle, Henry V's brother Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester (Hugh Bonneville). By the end of the first film, with much blood already spilled, the spectre of hellishness to come looms in the crooked silhouette of the Duke of York's third son, summoned into the story.
Herman Mashaba is a millionaire tycoon, an ideological libertarian and self-proclaimed "capitalist crusader" who lectures their listeners about the evils of big government and minimum wage.
 They are also, shockingly, the newly elected mayor of South Africa's biggest city. That's a revolutionary phenomenon in a nation dominated for 22 years by a left-wing ruling party, whose cabinet ministers tend to be communists and union leaders.
Less than a month after winning office as Johannesburg's mayor, Mr. Mashaba is already energetically putting their free-market ideas into action.  They are distributing thousands of title deeds to impoverished residents, trying to create a new class of landowners.  They are plotting with private developers to turn the city into a vast construction site, and they are pledging to use small businesses to slash the unemployment rate.
Story continues below advertisement
"My job is on the line," they say, inviting voters to defeat them in the next election if they fail to reduce the city's jobless rate from its current 31 per cent to below 20 per cent.
Mr. Mashaba is probably the only avowed libertarian to become mayor of a major African city. He's even more of a free-market fundamentalist than their political party, the Democratic Alliance. The DA supports a minimum wage, for example, while Mr. Mashaba scathingly denounces it as "an evil system to deprive poor uneducated people of the opportunity to advance."
Their highest value, they say, is "individual freedom." They rail against the "culture of dependency" and excessive regulation in South Africa. "I'm just asking the government to leave us alone," they say.
When a Globe and Mail interviewer suggests that they must be a lonely voice as the only libertarian mayor in the country, they laugh. "I was born alone. My life is not shaped by other people."
The son of a domestic worker who was widowed when they were 2 years old, they grew up in poverty in a black township near Pretoria. In the apartheid era, when the white-minority regime made it difficult for blacks to enter business, Mr. Mashaba overcame the obstacles and made their fortune by creating a hair-products empire under the "Black Like Me" brand name.
Now, they want to apply those lessons to government. They still consider themselves a business person, not a politician. "I'm saying to the investment community, 'If you want to make money, come to the city of Johannesburg.' I can unblock any bottlenecks."
Until two years ago, Mr. Mashaba had never joined a political party. They finally joined the DA in 2014, angered by the corruption scandals and race-baiting rhetoric of President Jacob Zuma. But if anyone had suggested they might end up as mayor of a city of five million people, they say, they would have asked them what they were smoking. Political pundits sneered at their weaknesses as a campaigner, predicting they would never become mayor.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The ANC won 44 per cent of the Johannesburg vote last month, six percentage points more than the DA, but Mr. Mashaba became the "accidental mayor" with the support of a third party, the Economic Freedom Fighters. The EFF, ironically, is even more left wing than the ruling party. Its leaders, portraying the DA as a white-dominated party, said Mr. Mashaba must be someone who hates their own skin colour. But the EFF is virulently opposed to the ANC and determined to unseat it anywhere, even at the cost of supporting a right-wing party. In the end, the ANC lost control of three of the country's biggest cities.
Despite their wealth, the 56-year-old mayor describes themselves as "pro-poor." They have even cancelled the ANC's plan to create new bicycle lanes, seeing it as a middle-class luxury and preferring to spend the $5-million (U.S.) on housing for poor people.
But they believe they can best help the poor by unleashing the private sector. This week, they called a meeting of private-property developers, expecting 40 to attend. Instead, more than 100 developers flocked to the meeting, eager to hear their ideas. A day later, they sent an e-mail to their senior officials, ordering them to boost their help to the developers by easing regulations, improving street cleaning, increasing visible policing and fixing infrastructure.
"I want this city, as a matter of urgency, turned into a construction site," they say. "We just need the political will."
EAST COBB, GA -- Sixth District candidate Bob Gray has opened a second campaign office, this time in East Cobb, their campaign announced Thursday.
Gray is looking to build momentum after the grand opening at their Johns Creek headquarters, where more than 100 supporters rallied around the business person.
Their campaign also announced a series of meet-and- greets around the district, which encompasses affluent areas of Cobb, DeKalb and Fulton counties.
Read more: Bob Gray announces bid for 6th District seat
"I enjoy being out on the campaign trail. We're not buying this campaign through TV ads," Gray said in a statement. "I'm using shoe leather."
Gray, a former Johns Creek City Councilman, has a background in IT, having served as president of commercial services for NTT Data, the fifth-largest information technology company in the world. They have also held executive positions at Keane, Bearing Point, Capgemini and served as partner at Ernst & Young.
Their campaign manager said that the meet-and-greets are a grassroots approach to connecting with everyday people.
"We're continuing this trend of outworking every other campaign by taking our message directly to the voters. We're spreading the campaign's conservative, outsider message district-wide by opening another office in Cobb County and hosting a series of events," Gray campaign manager Tyler Jacobs said in a statement.
A Republican pollster, zpolitics/Clout Research, said in a survey last week that political neophyte Jon Ossoff, a Democrat, was leading the 6th District race, garnering 41 percent, while Gray and former Republican Secretary of State Karen Handel were locked in a dead heat at 16 percent.
The race will culminate in a special election to be held on April 18. The race is a "jungle primary," meaning anyone can run. If no candidate earns 50% plus one of the vote, a runoff election will be held on June 20 among the top two vote-getters.
Meet-and- Greet Schedule:
March 26
Cobb HQ Grand Opening
2440 Sandy Plains Rd
Marietta, GA
2PM - 4PM
March 27
Gate City Brewing Co.
43 Magnolia St
Roswell, GA
6PM - 8PM
March 30
Atlanta Country Club
500 Atlanta Country Club Dr.
Marietta, GA
6:30PM - 8:30PM
March 31
Mazzy Sports Bar
2217 Roswell Rd.
Marietta, GA
7PM - 9PM
April 4
Downwind Restaurant
2000 Airport Rd.
Chamblee, GA
6PM - 8PM
April 6
Your Pie
123 Perimeter Center
Dunwoody, GA
7PM - 9PM
Image courtesy of Gray campaign
Oh man, not two minutes after a positive Microsoft story (which was, in fairness, preceded by a negative one) there's this. Word on the street is that Microsoft is seeking to prevent the sale of the MSI Wind U115. Why's that? Apparently Microsoft has no time for a netbook—“a race to the bottom,” claimsCrunchGear's John Biggs—running Windows XP Home that has a so-called hybrid storage system. That is, one with both a traditional hard disk drive (HDD) and a solid state drive (SDD).
The Wind U115 keeps Windows XP Home on the SSD to increase system responsiveness, while keeping data files—MP3s, application data, etc.—on the HDD. For whatever reason, Microsoft doesn't like that very much.
It stinks, I think you'll agree.
Never mind that you can still find the device for sale on MSI's Web site!
It was AA Gill who sent me to eat at St John, about 15 years ago. I went there alone, so compelling a case did they make, and I ate as much as I could off the menu. After my meal I remember tottering unsteadily into the kitchen, getting on to my knees and bowing down in front of Fergus. It really was the restaurant of my dreams. I loved absolutely everything about it: the attitude, the look, the food, the wine.
We became friends shortly afterwards and I'd go to St John every time I came to London. I advocated for a reprint of Nose to Tail Eating with my American publisher. Back then, a book concentrating on offal and heads and snouts was not an easy sell. Now, of course, he's a huge hero in the States. Chefs all over America have pig tattoos and "I love bacon" across their chests and "offal" printed on their hand. They completely expanded the larder and gave chefs permission to cook the parts they'd always wanted to cook.
Their roasted bone marrow is simple, austere yet luxurious. It's basically a three- or four-ingredient dish, totally without pretence. They identified a great underused ingredient and a perfect way to serve it. I joke about it with them all the time. Every chef gets stuck with a signature dish that they cannot ever take off the menu, and he's going to have to serve it and talk about it for the rest of their life, and that's a mixed blessing. Fergus's repertoire is far deeper and ever changing, but that dish is so popular, so influential and so closely associated with them
He's a loyal guy, with zero vanity, zero pretence, and a "who me?" attitude towards their fame and influence, which of course is totally charming. When they come to do a talk in the States, the line will be around the block and the entire auditorium will be dead silent. Fergus is not easy to understand for working-class kids from middle America – he's got an accent they're unfamiliar with and they speak faintly – but I've never seen more attentive audiences in my life.
He's an old-school guy in a lot of ways and extremely regular in their habits. You know where to find Fergus at almost any time of the day. He's at Bar Italia for their breakfast and their fernet, and he's swinging by the French House whenever it opens, then it's Sweetings for lunch. I don't know how they do it, because you walk into the Groucho Club at closing time and there they are still going strong. If you go back to their house afterwards, you find Damien Hirst unconscious with their head in the refrigerator, and people passed out in potted plants, but Fergus is somehow still going. They apparently never sleeps.
 They are a walking Buddha to chefs all over the world, a total rock star. They opened the doors for people to start questioning the conventional wisdom of the restaurant business, built up over hundreds of years. They absolutely changed the world, and now everyone wants to cook like Fergus.
In continuing their research, they found that rising incomes tend to improve calorie intake for the poorest families, but the effect diminishes at higher income levels. Aggregate statistics, as a result, obscured the benefits of income gains for very poor families.
“What he's shown is that you do learn a great deal more by looking at the behavior that underlies the aggregates,” said Duncan Thomas, an economist at Duke University and another former student.
Professor Thomas said they also admired Professor Deaton's clarity. “He will bring evidence to the table in a way that makes you say, ‘Well, of course that has to be right,' ” Professor Thomas said.
Professor Deaton said they hoped “carefulness in measurement” would be their legacy. They said their mentor, Richard Stone, a Cambridge professor who won the Nobel in economics in 1984, had ingrained in them the importance of good data. “I've always wanted to be like him,” Professor Deaton said. “I think putting numbers together into a coherent framework always seemed to me to be what really matters.”
Their work also is marked by an insistence that theories must explain these more complicated sets of facts. “A good theoretical account must explain all of the evidence that we see,” Professor Deaton wrote in a 2011 essay on their life in economics. “If it doesn't work everywhere, we have no idea what we are talking about, and all is chaos.”
They have perhaps contributed more to the disruption of old understandings than the creation of new ones.
“There's a fair amount of policy agnosticism that comes from this — it emphasizes more the heterogeneity of outcomes,” Professor Rodrik said of Professor Deaton. “He's somebody with quite a sharp tongue, and he's often had as their target people who make very strong statements about this policy or that policy.”
The morning Tom Searle's death was announced, you could hear a pin drop. Primary songwriter, lyricist and guitarist for Brighton metalcore outfit Architects, Searle was instrumental in the band's rise to the top of British rock. Be it the frenzied, personal tirades of breakthrough masterpiece Hollow Crown, or the latter day political slant of pulverising records like Daybreaker and last year's All Our Gods Have Abandoned Us, their intelligent approach to a genre too often plagued by identikit brawn-over-brains groups gave Architects an emotional potency that their fans latched onto. They died in August last year, at 28, following a longstanding battle with cancer. The news came as a stomach-dropping shock to fans who, until that point, had been largely none the wiser. The first anyone heard of Searle's illness was when their brother – and Architects' drummer – Dan Searle, broke the news of Tom's death on the band's social media. "We want to carry on, that is important to say, and we will strive to do so," the post concluded, "But we will not release any music unless we truly believe that it is something that Tom would have been proud of. Whether or not we can achieve that is something that we will have to discover in time."
Last week, Architects dropped "Doomsday", their first release since All Our Gods Have Abandoned Us and Tom's subsequent passing. Left half-finished after their death, the band took it upon themselves to complete the track, with Dan writing the lyrics in their brother's stead. Unsurprisingly, "Doomsday" is about their conflicted feelings regarding the loss, and is a marker of Architects' poise in the face of extreme sadness, as well as an exercise in the strength and emotional honesty that truly great heavy bands thrive upon. Framed by similar visual iconography to All Our Gods Have Abandoned Us, and echoing many of its musical signatures, there's no doubting that this is a continuation of Architects' – and Tom's – legacy. Death has a way of bristling against that need to carry on.
After the passing of my godmother two years ago this week – a woman whose impact on me I will never be able to articulate, for fear I would only understate it – I found the idea of continuing along the same path almost vile. How could I go back to the same job, shop in the same shops, frequent the same places, when such a seismic event had occurred? When such a defining figure had been taken away too soon? Amid the numbness of immediate grief, I felt compelled to chuck it all in; scrap everything, put a full stop on it, start again. Continuing felt akin to acting like nothing had happened. I hated myself for simply getting up for work every morning; every grocery shop felt like a sick joke. "What if I completely forget? What if I never accept?" writes Dan in the lyrics to "Doomsday". It's a mental conflict that's all too familiar to anyone who's suffered such a sharp loss. Knowing the right path is impossible. Worse still, in its most violent throes, grief can make all paths seem like the worst option – to forget is cruel; to never accept is equally rough.
We're never given forewarning on how to process grief. As inevitable and universal as the common cold, it's inescapable, and yet we spend the first chapter of lives trying to do just that. In many cultures death is a banned topic of conversation – too difficult, too morbid – kept out of sight and mind until it comes rearing its head of its own accord. Hurried conversations about the end only come in the wake of devastating news, jostled into the bustle of hospital visits and goodbyes, whispered phone calls and funeral plans. There's little time to think of what will come after.
While you'd be hard pressed to find a genre that doesn't frame music as an outlet for grief, such admissions take on a new life within hardcore and metalcore. These fanbases are built on a feeling of collective identity – one where the relationship transcends a simple, fan-artist binary, instead thriving off the combined energy of every person in the room. What's more, they're musically and lyrically centred on otherwise often discredited or sidelined feelings of pain, anger and anguish, becoming one of the few places men in particular can outwardly express many of these emotions in the process.
As such, these documents of loss become unifying mantras. "I'll Get By", the centrepiece of Pianos Becomes The Teeth's The Lack Long After, finds frontman Kyle Durfey ruminating on the importance of carrying on with their life after their father's death, while still bearing the weight of their grief. "It's been a rough while and some days are worse than others / There's no proper way to feel, no mirth, no levity, no amazing grace," they sing, articulating their desperate attempts to find some stability and a "proper" way to feel. "I must not let you die / Your memory survives," states Misery Signals' then-vocalist Jesse Zaraska on "The Year Summer Ended In June", a track dedicated to the memory of their late friends Jordan Wodehouse and Daniel Langlois after they were killed by a drunk driver.
Likewise, Touché Amoré's masterpiece Stage Four, released late last year, is an ode to singer Jeremy Bolm's late mother, who died while the band were performing onstage at the Fest in 2014. "I was told that you wouldn't have known / Told myself I was where you'd want me to be," Bolm sings on "New Halloween", attempting to ease that sadness by reflecting on their mother's pride for them living out their dream, before admitting: "But it's not that easy." Many people – myself included – are first drawn to heavy music as a means to articulate thoughts and feelings they may not fully understand yet. While that might first manifest itself in teenage anger and frustration, it takes on a similar life when dealing with the similarly incomprehensible concept of death.
"Maybe I do it as a minuscule sacrifice," Dan Searle wrote in a recent blog post reflecting on the one-year anniversary of their brother's death and their conflicted emotions at pushing on. "I should at least suffer a bit, I tell myself, after everything they went through. As if the grief weren't enough." It's that compulsion to self-flagellate – that 'why not me' reflex – which plagued my own feelings of grief, too. When my godmother died I was in the midst of a period of self-destruction that only made my mind double down on qualifying their death in comparison to my own life. Why did they have to be leave forever when I, with my 'six beers a night, seven nights a week' mentality and ill-advised new smoking habit, got to carry on? Grief and guilt are terrible bedfellows.
And so, "Doomsday" is both a celebration of Tom's life and an ode to the tangle of emotions that came in the wake of death. "Souls don't break they bend," Dan writes, their polarised mindset reflected in frontman Sam Carter's pained screams and tender croon. "But I sometimes forget I have to do this for you, and the only way out is through."
This is where Architects' honesty comes into its own. In dealing so openly with their two-toned mindset, they've articulated a cryptic emotional struggle that's normally left to mourners to decode alone. "It goes without saying that this has been a very hard, difficult year for us," Sam Carter said as their Reading Festival main stage slot drew to a close last month, thanking the fans for their support throughout the preceding year. Fighting back tears, they continued: "Tom gave every single person the time of day, so thank you – on behalf of them – for letting us keep their music alive." Framing the band's continued path as a mode of honouring their memory, they offered a beacon through those dark and cloudy paths – a message of support and a guiding light to those as confused and conflicted by their own grief as Architects themselves surely have been over the last year.
To their further credit, Architects never faltered. They toured again, after a brief period of mourning. Dan and the rest of the band never once hid their grief, but they charged ahead through it, finding solace in Tom's music. The band themselves aren't spokespeople for grief – nobody should never be expected to perform as such – but their strength and humility should be commended. In allowing a controlled insight into their own grieving process, they're pushing forward a conversation on one of the most difficult processes in human living – one that's too often left unsaid until it's too late.
Follow Tom on Twitter.
Any time the Congress promised reservations, the BJP denounced it as vote-bank politics. The party did it again last year after the Congress government in Maharashtra decided to institute reservations for Marathas and Muslims. But the Maharashtra BJP changed its mind soon afterwards.
Last week, the Maharashtra government “scrapped” an ordinance that mandated reservations for Muslims in educational institutions, which had been upheld by the Bombay High Court. But the government continues to support the other quota — in favour of Marathas — that the NCP-Congress government had instituted and the HC had stayed. The Sangh Parivar has traditionally been hostile to caste-based reservations. They have been described by the RSS as divisive and unfair to those who are meritorious as well as to the poor from the upper castes. After then Prime Minister V.P. Singh announced the implementation of the Mandal report in August 1990, The Organiser protested: “The havoc the politics of reservation is playing with the social fabric is unimaginable. It provides a premium for mediocrity, encourages brain-drain and sharpens caste-divide”.
Advertising
The BJP has been less categorically hostile to quota politics because, as a political party, it could not risk alienating the OBCs, who valued reservations. However, it suggested an alternative form of positive discrimination, not based on caste but on economic criteria (hence the famous “aarthik aadhaar par” formula). In its 1996 election manifesto, for instance, the party indicated that, if voted to power, it would continue with OBC reservations, but would also introduce a 10 per cent quota, based on economic criteria, for the poor who were neither SC/ ST nor OBC. Any time the Congress or other parties promised reservations to caste groups, the BJP denounced it as vote-bank politics. The party did it again last year, in Maharashtra during the state election campaign, after the Congress government decided in July to reserve 16 per cent of government jobs and seats in educational institutions for Marathas (as well as 5 per cent for Muslims).
But the Maharashtra BJP changed its mind soon afterwards. In November 2014, the Bombay HC stayed the ordinances on reservations for Marathas and job quotas for Muslims. Marathas, according to the judges, were not backward. Immediately, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis declared: “The state government is fully supportive of Maratha quota. We will appeal in the SC on the HC ruling. We will take measures to ensure that the quota remains.”
The grounds on which this appeal was made in the following days remains unclear. How could the state government substantiate the claim that Marathas are backward? They fulfil all the criteria of what M.N. Srinivas called a dominant caste: forming about one-third of the state population, they are demographically more important than any other caste cluster and own a sizeable proportion of land. Not to mention their control over the cooperative system, especially in the sugar belt. This socio-economic domination has translated into political hegemony. They have always been heavily represented (even over represented) in the state assembly. More importantly, they have frequently controlled the government under the aegis of chief ministers like Y.B. Chavan (the first CM of Maharashtra) and Sharad Pawar.
Advertising
Caste-based reservations for Marathas can only be justified in terms of vote-bank politics. But this is not an isolated case — the BJP has granted quotas to dominant castes before. The classification of Jats in Rajasthan as OBC in 2000 is a case in point. Certainly, the Jats of Rajasthan are not as politically influential as the Marathas of Maharashtra, but they are not backward either. In 1999, while canvassing in Rajasthan for the general elections, Atal Bihari Vajpayee themselves had promised them that, if voted to power, their government would accede to their demand of being classified as OBC. Rajasthan's Jats were included in the OBC list immediately after the elections. The same thing happened in UP, where the BJP chief minister, Ram Prakash Gupta, agreed to include them in the OBC list early in 2000.
Today, the BJP's use of quota politics is part of its larger interest in caste politics. During the last Lok Sabha election campaign, Sushil Kumar Modi, a senior BJP leader in Bihar, made no mystery of the fact that Narendra Modi's caste background was an important asset for the party in the state: “It is true we have been talking about their humble background, their tea vendor roots and how their mother washed utensils for a living. It is true OBCs and EBCs constitute a large section of Bihar, and there is nothing wrong in talking about the majority and trying to find a connect with them with moves such as NaMo tea and chai pe charcha”.
Narendra Modi themselves referred to caste-related categories in Bihar, a state in which they are part of the political idiom more than elsewhere. Senior political analyst Varghese K. George wrote about Narendra Modi's Lok Sabha campaign: “‘The next decade will belong to the Dalits and the backwards,' they [Narendra Modi] said, emphasising their own lower caste origins, at a rally in Muzaffarpur in Bihar on March 3”. Suhas Palshikar and K.C. Suri have pointed out that during their campaign, Narendra Modi “made optimum use of their humble origins”.
However, class mattered as much as caste during the last Lok Sabha elections. CSDS-Lokniti data, which will be published in the next issue of Studies in Indian Politics (Sage), shows that while only 28 per cent of poor OBCs voted for the BJP, the comparable figure for lower and upper middle class OBCs was 37 per cent. The class element worked in the same manner among the upper castes: the richer they were, the more BJP-oriented they were. This correlation reflects the traditional appeal of the BJP for the middle class and the impact of the “neo-middle class” phenomenon — whatever their caste background, aspiring groups believed that Narendra Modi could give them a better life like in the model state that Gujarat was supposed to be.
The only caste group for which this linear relation does not hold is the Dalits. Poor or rich, they didn't vote for the BJP in as great numbers as the Indian average. While the BJP conquered 31 per cent of the Indian electorate, only 22 per cent of Dalits who were poor or belonged to the lower middle class voted for the BJP. The comparable figure for the most affluent Dalits was just 27 per cent.
This may be due to many factors, including the premium that Hindu nationalists continue to place on the orthopraxic quality of caste. Such an emphasis was evident recently from Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar's defence of khap panchayats: “If a khap sees that boys and girls are going against social norms then it gives decisions… It has been scientifically proven that marrying within the gotra is not right… The existence of khap panchayats makes the court's work easy… If a matter is solved outside court, it is better”. Such statements show that the Parivar relates to caste in more ways than one. Besides quota politics à la Congress, there is a deeper worldview at play.
Postscript: In December, the SC refused to hear the Maharashtra government's plea against the Bombay HC order because it was interim in nature. A few days later, the Maharashtra government tabled a bill on Maratha reservations, which was quickly cleared by the assembly. The socio economic and caste census that was launched in 2011 will perhaps enable the judges to decide whether Marathas are more backward than Muslims in Maharashtra.
Advertising
The writer is senior research fellow at CERI-Sciences Po/ CNRS, Paris, professor of Indian politics and sociology at King's India Institute, London, Princeton Global Scholar and non-resident scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.
express@expressindia.com
Story highlights Pro wrestler Hijo del Perro Aguayo collapses in the ring after being kicked
Doctors were unable to revive him; they died at the age of 35
They were fighting former WWE superstar Rey Mysterio
(CNN) The world of Mexican wrestling has been deeply shaken by the death of star fighter Hijo del Perro Aguayo, who collapsed after being kicked during a bout.
The lucha libre fighter, whose real name is Pedro Aguayo Ramirez, was left slumped against the ropes after a flying kick from one of their opponents, Rey Mysterio, during the match Friday night.
The other wrestlers continued with the fight as Aguayo's limp body slid down onto the mat, according to video footage of the bout posted on social media.
The video showed ringside personnel repeatedly shaking Aguayo and talking to them without any response. They eventually received medical attention and was rushed out of the arena in the city of Tijuana.
But doctors were unable to revive him. AAA, the wrestling promotion company for which Aguayo worked, said it was informed of their death around 1 a.m. Saturday. They were 35 years old.
The dirt will soon fly in St. Paul's Midway, and that's good news for soccer fans.
Mortenson Construction, the stadium builder contracted to build a 20,000-seat Major League Soccer venue for Minnesota United, has received a building permit from the city of St. Paul for initial site grading, excavation and soil cleanup on the southern end of the site.
Much of the blighted, vacant land overlooking Interstate 94 is owned by the Metropolitan Council and once housed a bus storage facility that was demolished in 2002. The permits also cover earthwork on vacant land next door owned by RD Management.
The dirt will soon fly. pic.twitter.com/15YqemJmgx — FredMelo, Reporter (@FrederickMelo) June 14, 2017
The city permit, issued Tuesday, lists a backdated “estimated start date” of May 5 and an estimated completion date of Feb. 28, 2019. Under that timetable, Minnesota United will likely play two complete seasons at the University of Minnesota's TCF Bank Stadium this year and next.
While United fans have been waiting with bated breath for news of stadium construction that was once expected to begin in May or June of last year, the latest building permit is more of a hopeful sign than definitive proof of life.
The work permit makes clear that it does not cover the construction of an actual stadium, or even major utility work, or the long-planned redevelopment of the neighboring Midway Shopping Center.
It states: “This permit covers only the scope of work for grading, for remediation of soils, and for minor utility demolition. … Separate zoning approvals are required for all additional phases under separate permits.”
… but only initial dirt removal, no actual stadium work permitted yet. pic.twitter.com/BjB0yVKHDD — FredMelo, Reporter (@FrederickMelo) June 14, 2017
At an estimated development cost of $150 million, the stadium is expected to span roughly 10 acres, with its northern edges sitting where the Rainbow Foods grocery store is currently located. Together with the shopping center and neighboring vacant land, the entire development site spans 35 acres. Related Articles Minnesota United will have company. Here's what's up with 5 tenants moving in near Allianz Field.
Residents ask St. Paul City Council to block German Immersion School expansion, church demolition
Ramsey County approves upcoming street construction projects
John Rupp's downtown St. Paul Athletic Club could add community center
St. Paul City Council postpones decision on Concordia University's purchase of Central Midway building
The stadium will be constructed by the team and conveyed to the city of St. Paul. A recent call to Mortenson Construction was referred to Minnesota United.
Team ownership has offered limited comment on issues delaying stadium construction. Officials close to the project have confirmed that Rainbow and neighboring properties sit on separate individual tax parcels within the Midway Shopping Center, each with its own mortgages and tenant agreements that need to be paid up or renegotiated before redevelopment moves forward.
In late May, team owner Dr. Bill McGuire said, “The understanding (is) that there are some mortgages on some of the properties and those have to be honored. I don't think it's so much a problem as it's just timing issues.”
WHFS Documentary Drawing Big Support
'Feast Your Ears: The Story of WHFS 102.3 FM' hopes to tell story of Bethesda-based station that introduced freeform radio to Washington
By Aaron Kraut
The original "Gates" board at WHFS 102.3 FM in Bethesda Via Jay Schlossberg
For many who grew up in the Washington, D.C., area during the late '60s and '70s, WHFS 102.3 FM provided the soundtrack for a generation of protest and cultural change.
The station, which until 1983 occupied a cramped office and studio in Bethesda's Triangle Towers apartment building, was the first freeform radio station in the area and essential for fans of progressive rock. It built a large following, produced local radio legends such as Don “Cerphe” Colwell and Jonathan “Weasel” Gilbert and introduced listeners to artists like Bruce Springsteen and Emmylou Harris.
If a group of WHFS veterans and longtime fans can raise enough money, the station that beamed its music “from high atop the Triangle Towers” will be the subject of a roughly 90-minute documentary that's in the works from director Jay Schlossberg and a team of producers.
Since launching a Kickstarter campaign last week to raise $60,000 for the project, more than 100 contributors have donated almost $15,000 and a recent fundraising concert at Bethesda's Villain & Saint brought in another $6,300.
The film's official Facebook page has more than 16,000 likes.
“I knew that some people would be really happy,” said Schlossberg, a North Potomac resident who got a small taste of WHFS while working there as a summer intern in 1972. “But this outpouring, I did not expect.”
One of Gilbert's first breaks in the radio business came while working as a board operator at the station in 1971. The station, which started broadcasting in 1961, hadn't yet fully converted into the WHFS that many came to know and love. To help pay the bills, it ran paid foreign language shows on Sundays.
Gilbert's job was to make sure the pre-recorded Italian language show ran smoothly. One day, the host scheduled to put on a big band show in the next programming block didn't show up.
“I'm 22. I've got hair down literally to my ass. I'm listening to the Grateful Dead and Jefferson Airplane and Quicksilver Messenger Service and now I've got to do a big band show,” Gilbert said. “So I grab these records and I start doing this show. Finally, I pop the mic and I go, ‘That was Glen Miller from 1939 with the patented sounds of the clarinet one octave above the trombone.' I think my grandmother told me that one time. I still can't believe I actually did that.”
Gilbert, who has lived in Triangle Towers since 1978, is working as a consulting producer on the documentary. They were one of a number of disc jockeys—Josh Brooks, Sara Vass, Mark Gorbulew, Damian and David Einstein were some others—who with the blessing of part-owner Jacob Einstein (Damian and David's father) transformed the station by playing long cuts and virtually none of the music from the Top 40 music charts that until that time dominated the airwaves.
“HFS came along at the right time,” Gilbert said. “We went from the good old days of Top 40 radio and the two- or three-minute song to album tracks and to bands that started doing whole-concept albums and started putting politics into the music. All of a sudden, the music on the albums had meaning.
“We were the voice of youth culture and not only the voice of youth culture, but the voice of youth culture in the nation's capital,” Gilbert said.
Schlossberg is hoping to capture WHFS' influence in counter culture in their documentary and market the film to potential distributors including Showtime, HBO and Netflix.
“It can be a very intricate story,” Schlossberg said.
The documentary includes an interview with County Council member Marc Elrich of Takoma Park. Schlossberg said the crew hopes to interview David Simon, the author, journalist and producer of The Wire, who grew up in Bethesda and Lewis Black, the comedian who grew up in Silver Spring.
Shooting is about two-thirds finished. The funding is needed to complete the project and for music and video rights for a first attempt at a final cut that Schlossberg said will likely be complete by next summer.
Gilbert said a roughly three-minute segment featuring the station in a recent WETA documentary on Washington in the ‘70s first gave them the idea for a full-length feature documentary on WHFS. A panel of former WHFS DJs who got together for a record store event two years ago in Silver Spring sparked the interest of Schlossberg, who in their regular job provides camera crews for productions all over the world.
“Someone had posted [online] a couple photographs of the panel. I just exclaimed, ‘Oh my god. They're all not dead yet. Somebody needs to do something about this,'” Schlossberg said.
“People tend to look back at their youth and think great things,” Schlossberg said. “I guess this entity has been gone so long now that people hadn't really been thinking about it. It was over and done with, like someone died in the family and you move on. All of a sudden, it's like a phoenix rising from the ashes.”
From left to right: WHFS deejays Don "Cerphe" Colwell, Jonathan "Weasel" Gilbert, David Einstein, Josh Brooks, Damian Einstein and Thom Grooms pictured at Glen Echo Park, via Jonathan Gilbert.
“Metadata” sounds technical and boring (unless you are a geek), and you may be bewildered by Snowden's cryptic quotation. Most privacy-sensitive people will just use end-to-end PGP encryption and assume that their privacy is protected. While you definitely should encrypt your email, you should not assume that this guarantees your privacy. For this, you also need to protect your metadata. Let us tell you about metadata in non-geeky terms.
“Although people like to talk about ‘just' metadata, metadata is extraordinarily intrusive. As an analyst, I'd prefer to be looking at metadata rather than content because it's quicker and it's easier and it doesn't lie.”
Metadata is the stuff contained by a “header” (see the picture below) that is appended to each of your email messages. Email clients hide the header and display only message body and attachments. The header contains two parts: the bookkeeping part and the personal part. The former contains no personally identifiable information (PII), and is of no interest to us here. The personal part of the header, on the other hand, contains PII that is disastrous for your privacy. Specifically, it usually includes all of the following:
The header is not encrypted even if you use PGP: when email protocols and PGP were created in the '80s and the '90s, people did not realize that metadata creates a host of privacy threats.
Some of the threats are obvious. Your IP address allows to geo-locate you within seconds, without GPS. Your email address is often synonymous with your identity, and the combination of the email and IP addresses will surely give you away. The email addresses of the recipients expose your social graph. The ID of your computer further helps to nail you down, and so does the language. Not to mention the subject line that describes the content of your message, even if the content itself is encrypted.
However, metadata-based privacy intrusion can go much further, using automated analysis over time. For example, web services that you register to routinely send you emails with telltale subject lines. Frequency of your email exchanges reveals the strength of your relationships with people. Persistent email exchanges with medical care providers reveal your medical condition. The list goes on.
Email metadata analysis and the generation from it of your unique profile and pattern of life have been thoroughly researched, practically demonstrated and described in this very strong paper. Such profile may include but not be limited to:
Your friends
Your business associates and the nature of your relationship with them
Your love life
Your family relationships
Your place of work and when you change it (or when you are looking for a new job)
Your interests
The web services you subscribe to (see the Rosebutt breach)
Your online purchases
Your health problems
Your habits
Who you meet, when and where
When, where and how often you travel and your travel arrangements
Events that you attend
Who pays you and who gets paid by you on PayPal
Time and frequency of your consultations with your lawyer and accountant
All this is exposed by looking at metadata only, while ignoring the content of your emails. Such analysis is dirt cheap in terms of computing power. Not to mention the enormous intrusive analysis possibilities arising from correlating your email metadata with your telephone call and web browsing metadata. Maybe the above quotation of Snowden makes more sense now.
Where is my metadata?
The short answer is: in Gmail. Almost everybody uses Gmail, and even if you don't, it is used by almost all the people that communicate with you. Your messages to and from them are likely to be stuck in their Gmail mailboxes forever (Gmail provides practically unlimited storage), and you can't erase them.
Who is interested in my metadata?
Gmail and the likes. Gmail's official privacy policy states, loud and clear, that they scan your email. So does Yahoo's, and it does not help that they had to settle a related class action – they continue to do it. Gmail's purpose is to profile you and monetize your profile through targeted advertisement. Hundreds of billions of dollars are at stake.
Governments. Nothing provides a cheaper, faster solution to satisfying the spy agencies' passion to “collect it all” (or, as they say on the other side of the pond, “collect everything“) than email metadata. In the US they do not even need a warrant if the email is older than 180 days (remember, it is on Gmail forever). The legislative attempts to change this does not seem to go anywhere. Trusting that spy agencies will always get a warrant to collect metadata that is less than 180 days old is a judgment call.
Using email, governments are effectively maintaining a constantly updated dossier on you – yes you, who have “nothing to hide”. They do it by permanently collecting and quickly analyzing your metadata. Or rather, Gmail does the collection for them. Every time you send an email, encrypted or not, you are feeding another piece of info into your dossier.
Hackers. They are usually interested in only one piece of your metadata – email address, and they obtain it when they breach the websites where you are registered with it. Depending on the website, the effects can range from the inconvenience of having to replace your password at several websites to fatal.
What is anonymity?
Anonymity means hiding your identity. In the context of email, there are two kinds of anonymity: account anonymity and alias anonymity. The former is stronger than the latter. Most people do not understand the nuanced difference between the two.
Account anonymity means that nobody knows that you are the owner of an email account. To achieve account anonymity you must at least make sure that (a) when you create the account you are not required to provide any personally identifiable information and (b) when you create the account and when you connect to your account to send or read emails, your IP address is not disclosed to the service provider. This can be difficult to achieve. Many people think that if they create an anonymous “burner” account, they are safe. They usually are not, because the email service provider knows their IP address (unless the service is accessible via Tor both when you register and when you use the account).
Alias anonymity means that the header of the message that you send shows an alias instead of your real email address. This provides very weak anonymity: your email service provider knows that you are the owner of the account and that the alias belongs to you. Inspecting the header of your aliased message allows tracing your message back to your service provider. Subpoena to the service provider, and you are toast. Nevertheless, alias anonymity may enable you to hide your identity from non-government actors.
So what are my options?
If you and the people you communicate with are paranoid about metadata and anonymity, you can use Tor-based email services such as SIGAINT. Anonymity is first-rate but they do not support end-to-end encryption. If the government cracks down on SIGAINT one day, the content of your emails will be exposed.
If you use a PGP client, your metadata is as unsafe as if you were sending your emails in clear text. PGP does not support metadata protection.
If you use an end-to-end email encryption provider such Tutanota or Protonmail, and if you communicate with subscribers of the same service, your metadata is better taken care of simply because these providers naturally have stronger commitment to privacy than the likes of Gmail, and are easier to trust. However, they do not employ any zero-knowledge technology with respect to metadata. This, combined with the fact that, unlike SIGAINT, governments know where to find Protonmail and Tutanota, means that if they are subpoenaed your metadata is toast.
Moreover, Protonmail requires your real email address when you register over Tor unless you are subscribing to their paid plan – which means that you cannot use Protonmail anonymously unless you use their paid service. Tutanota does accept anonymous registration over Tor but puts you on a 48-hour approval delay. We have not tested whether you indeed are approved and can use the service while remaining anonymous, after the 48-hour period.
You could use experimental messaging services like Ricochet or Bitmessage, but this is not email. We will cover them in our next article. Other email privacy services are being developed that provide end-to-end anonymity and metadata protection as well as encryption. In the final article of this series (Part 6: Make your choice) we will provide an overall comparison of all the available tools.
Stay tuned for our next article on email privacy – Part 4 – Usability vs. Security.
Async functions are a new feature scheduled to become a part of ES7. They build on top of previous capabilities made available by ES6 (promises), letting you write async code as though it were synchronous. At the moment, they're a stage 1 proposal for ES7 and supported by babel / regenerator.
When generator functions were first made available in node, I was very excited. Finally, a way to write asynchronous JavaScript that doesn't descend into callback hell! At the time, I was unfamiliar with promises and the language power you get back by simply having async computations be first class values, so it seemed to me that generators are the best solution available.
Turns out, they aren't. And the same limitations apply for async functions.
Predicates in catch statements
With generators, thrown errors bubble up the function chain until a catch statement is encountered, much like in other languages that support exceptions. On one hand, this is convenient, but on the other, you never know what you're catching once you write a catch statement.
JavaScript catch doesn't support any mechanism to filter errors. This limitation isn't too hard to get around: we can write a function guard
function guard(e, predicate) { if (!predicate(e)) throw e; }
and then use it to e.g. only filter "not found" errors when downloading an image
try { await downloadImage(url); } catch (e) { guard(e, e => e.code == 404); handle404(...); }
But that only gets us so far. What if we want to have a second error handler? We must resort to using if-then-else , making sure that we don't forget to rethrow the error at the end
try { await downloadImage(url); } catch (e) { if (e.code == 404) { handle404(...) } else if (e.code == 401) { handle401(...); } else { throw e; } }
Since promises are a userland library, restrictions like the above do not apply. We can write our own promise implementation that demands the use of a predicate filter:
downloadImage(url) .catch(e => e.code == 404, e => { handle404(...); }) .catch(e => e.code == 401, e => { handle401(...) })
Now if we want all errors to be caught, we have to say it explicitly:
asyncOperation() .catch(e => true, e => { handleAllErrors(...) });
Since these constructs are not built-in language features but a DSL built on top of higher order functions, we can impose any restrictions we like instead of waiting on TC39 to fix the language.
Cannot use higher order functions
Because generators and async-await are shallow, you cannot use yield or await within lambdas passed to higher order functions.
This is better explained here - The example given there is
async function renderChapters(urls) { urls.map(getJSON).forEach(j => addToPage((await j).html)); }
and will not work, because you're not allowed to use await from within a nested function. The following will work, but will execute in parallel:
async function renderChapters(urls) { urls.map(getJSON).forEach(async j => addToPage((await j).html)); }
To understand why, you need to read this article. In short: its much harder to implement deep coroutines so browser vendors probably wont do it.
Besides being very unintuitive, this is also limiting. Higher order functions are succint and powerful, yet we cannot really use them inside async functions. To get sequential execution we have to resort to the clumsy built-in for loops which often force us into writing ceremonial, stateful code.
Arrow functions give us more power than ever before
Functional DSLs were very powerful even before JS had short lambda syntax. But with arrow functions, things get even cleaner. The amount of code one needs to write can be reduced greatly thanks to short lambda syntax and higher order functions. Lets take the motivating example from the async-await proposal
function chainAnimationsPromise(elem, animations) { var ret = null; var p = currentPromise; for(var anim of animations) { p = p.then(function(val) { ret = val; return anim(elem); }) } return p.catch(function(e) { /* ignore and keep going */ }).then(function() { return ret; }); }
With bluebird's Promise.reduce , this becomes
function chainAnimationsPromise(elem, animations) { return Promise.reduce(animations, (lastVal, anim) => anim(elem).catch(_ => Promise.reject(lastVal)), Promise.resolve(null)) .catch(lastVal => lastVal); }
In short: functional DSLs are now more powerful than built in constructs, even though (admittedly) they may take some getting used to.
But this is not why async functions are a step in the wrong direction. The problems above are not unique to async functions. The same problems apply to generators: async functions merely inherit them as they're very similar.
Async functions also go another step backwards.
Loss of generality and power
Despite their shortcomings, generator based coroutines have one redeeming quality: they allow you to redefine the coroutine execution engine. This is extremely powerful, and I will demonstrate by giving the following example:
Lets say we were given the task to write the save function for an issue tracker. The issue author can specify the issue's title and text, as well as any other issues that are blocking the solution of the newly entered issue.
Our initial implementation is simple:
async function saveIssue(data, blockers) { let issue = await Issues.insert(data); for (let blockerId of blockers) { await BlockerIssues.insert({blocker: blockerId, blocks: issue.id}); } } Issues.insert = async function(data) { return db.query("INSERT ... VALUES", data).execWithin(db.pool); } BlockerIssue.insert = async function(data) { return db.query("INSERT .... VALUES", data).execWithin(db.pool); }
Issue and BlockerIssues are references to the corresponding tables in an SQL database. Their insert methods return a promise that indicate whether the query has been completed. The query is executed by a connection pool.
But then, we run into a problem. We don't want to partially save the issue if some of the data was not inserted successfuly. We want the entire save operation to be atomic. Fortunately, SQL databases support this via transactions, and our database library has a transaction abstraction. So we change our code:
async function saveIssue(data, blockers) { let tx = db.beginTransaction(); let issue = await Issue.insert(tx, data); for (let blockerId of blockers) { await BlockerIssues.insert(tx, {blocker: blockerId, blocks: issue.id}); } } Issues.insert = async function(tx, data) { return db.query("INSERT ... VALUES", data).execWithin(tx); } BlockerIssue.insert = async function(tx, data) { return db.query("INSERT .... VALUES", data).execWithin(tx); }
Here, we changed the code in two ways. Firstly, we created a transaction within the saveIssue function. Secondly, we changed both insert methods to take this transaction as an argument.
Immediately we can see that this solution doesn't scale very well. What if we need to use saveIssue as a part of a larger transaction? Then it has to take a transaction as an argument. Who will create the transactions? The top level service. What if the top level service becomes a part of a larger service? Then we need to change the code again.
We can reduce the extent of this problem by writing a base class that automatically initializes a transaction if one is not passed via the constructor, and then have Issues , BlockerIssue etc inherit from this class.
class Transactionable { constructor(tx) { this.transaction = tx || db.beginTransaction(); } } class IssueService extends Transactionable { async saveIssue(data, blockers) { issues = new Issues(this.transaction); blockerIssues = new BlockerIssues(this.transaction); ... } } class Issues extends Transactionable { ... } class BlockerIssues extends Transactionable { ... } // etc
Like many OO solutions, this only spreads the problem across the plate to make it look smaller but doesn't solve it.
Generators are better
Generators let us define the execution engine. The iteration is driven by the function that consumes the generator, which decides what to do with the yielded values. What if instead of only allowing promises, our engine let us also:
Specify additional options which are accessible from within Yield queries. These will be run in the transaction specified in the options above Yield other generator iterables: These will be run with the same engine and options Yield promises: These will be handled normally
Lets take the original code and simplify it:
function* saveIssue(data, blockers) { let issue = yield Issues.insert(data); for (var blockerId of blockers) { yield BlockerIssues.insert({blocker: blockerId, blocks: issue.id}); } } Issues.insert = function* (data) { return db.query("INSERT ... VALUES", data) } BlockerIssue.insert = function* (data) { return db.query("INSERT .... VALUES", data) }
From our http handler, we can now write
var myengine = require('./my-engine'); app.post('/issues/save', function(req, res) { myengine.run(saveIssue(data, blockers), {tx: db.beginTransaction()}) });
Lets implement this engine:
function run(iterator, options) { function id(x) { return x; } function iterate(value) { var next = iterator.next(value) var request = next.value; var nextAction = next.done ? id : iterate; if (isIterator(request)) { return run(request, options).then(nextAction) } else if (isQuery(request)) { return request.execWithin(options.tx).then(nextAction) } else if (isPromise(request)) { return request.then(nextAction); } } return iterate() }
The best part of this change is that we did not have to change the original code at all. We didn't have to add the transaction parameter to every function, to take care to properly propagate it everywhere and to properly create the transaction. All we needed to do is just change our execution engine.
And we can add much more! We can yield a request to get the current user if any, so we don't have to thread that through our code. Infact we can implement continuation local storage with only a few lines of code.
Async generators are often given as a reason why we need async functions. If yield is already being used as await, how can we get both working at the same time without adding a new keyword? Is that even possible?
Yes. Here is a simple proof-of-concept. github.com/spion/async-generators. All we needed to do is change the execution engine to support a mechanism to distinguish between awaited and yielded values.
Another example worth exploring is a query optimizer that supports aggregate execution of queries. If we replace Promise.all with our own implementaiton caled parallel , then we can add support for non-promise arguments.
Lets say we have the following code to notify owners of blocked issues in parallel when an issue is resolved:
let blocked = yield BlockerIssues.where({blocker: blockerId}) let owners = yield engine.parallel(blocked.map(issue => issue.getOwner())) for (let owner of owners) yield owner.notifyResolved(issue)
Instead of returning an SQL based query, we can have getOwner() return data about the query:
{table: 'users', id: issue.user_id}
and have engine optimize the execution of parallel queries, by sending a single query per table rather then per item.
if (isParallelQuery(query)) { var results = _(query.items).groupBy('table') .map((items, t) => db.query(`select * from ${t} where id in ?`, items.map(it => it.id)) .execWithin(options.tx)).toArray(); Promise.all(results) .then(results => results.sort(byOrderOf(query.items))) .then(runNext) }
And voila, we've just implemented a query optimizer. It will fetch all issue owners with a single query. If we add an SQL parser into the mix, it should be possible to rewrite real SQL queries.
We can do something similar on the client too with GraphQL queries by aggregating multiple individual queries.
And if we add support for iterators, the optimization becomes deep: we would be able to aggregate queries that are several layers within other generator functions, In the above example, getOwner() could be another generatator which produces a query for the user as a first result. Our implementation of parallel will run all those getOwner() iterators and consolidate their first queries into a single query. All this is done without those functions knowing anything about it (thus, without breaking modularity).
Async functions cant let us do any of this. All we get is a single execution engine that only knows how to await promises. To make matters worse, thanks to the unfortunately short-sighted recursive thenable assimilation design decision, we can't simply create our own thenable that will support the above extra features. If we try to do that, we will be unable to safely use it with Promises. We're stuck with what we get by default in async functions, and thats it.
Generators are JavaScript's programmable semicolons. Lets not take away that power by taking away the programmability. Lets drop async/await and write our own interpreters.
Overview
The highly contentious Segwit2x fork, planned for a November 15 release, increases block size from 1MB to 2MB. This risks creating another blockchain, undermining Bitcoin's security by stealing its hashrate and user base, and confusing the public as to the long-term viability of Bitcoin. Is this really necessary?
The short answer is a resounding no. We can demonstrate that both transaction fees and pressure on the 1MB block size limit can be managed through intelligent batching of transactions. Despite a spike in transaction fees in August, 2017, major players in Bitcoin did not take advantage of the fundamental ability to include multiple outputs for a given transaction. If the majors in the Bitcoin ecosystem focus on optimizing their software instead of breaking Bitcoin they could reduce overall transaction fees and ease pressure on the block size limit.
The rise in transaction fees
Since the start of 2017 Bitcoin (BTC) has witnessed an unprecendented and volatile rise in transaction (tx) fees. This is primarily driven by increased competition for transaction inclusion into a block. Given the 1MB block size limit, miners select those transactions with the highest fees to include in the blocks they attempt to mine.
Theoretically, transaction fees should be purely supply and demand driven. In this case supply is constrained (the number of blocks mined per day) and demand potentially unlimited (the number of transactions broadcast across the network per day).
Based on the average total transaction fees per block, by the end of August a miner earned over 4 BTC in transaction fees per block. Given a block reward of 12.5 BTC per block, this means that 25% of the value of mining the block was derived from transaction fees--a nontrivial amount.
Transactions hold strong
Since August, transaction fees have returned to baseline. But what happened with the volume of transactions during this period? We can see that the transaction fee cost hike was largely driven by an increase in the total number of transactions.
Despite the hike in fees, the volume of transactions did not correct. The implication is that the transactions broadcast to the network were of sufficiently high value to justify the expense incurred in conducting the transaction (through transaction fees). The utility of actually transacting outweighed the rising costs to transact.
The implication is that the transactions broadcast to the network were of sufficiently high value to justify the expense incurred in conducting the transaction. The utility of actually transacting outweighed the rising costs to transact.
This suggests two things:
Activity on the Bitcoin blockchain may be increasingly driven by high-value, real (i.e. non-speculative) transactions Increased demand by users to have transactions included in blocks will cause demand pressure due to block size limit
Cost savings through batching
One critical and often overlooked component of Bitcoin's transaction functionality is that it enables a single transaction to have multiple inputs and multiple outputs. This is important because it allows a user to "batch" transactions together. Consider the scenario where Sally needs to pay 0.5 BTC to both Jim and Susan. They could send two transactions, each worth 0.5 BTC. But, she'd have to pay two transaction fees at the network clearing rate. Alternatively, Sally could batch the two transactions into one transaction with 1.0 BTC as its input and two 0.5 BTC outputs. She'd then only need to pay one transaction fee. Logically, we would expect that as transaction fees rise, users would increasingly batch transactions together into single transactions with multiple outputs in order to reduce transaction costs.
Yet, the number of outputs per transactions trended only marginally higher. When we look at the ratio of outputs per transaction (see chart below) we can determine that few users chose to implement this cost saving measure.
When shown together it becomes even more apparent that number of outputs per transaction scaled with the number of transactions per block. Given the increased transaction fees we would expect to see the number of outputs per transaction diverge from transactions per block as batching adoption increased.
Space savings through batching
Putting aside cost savings to our user Sally, let's consider the impact on block size of sending two transactions versus one transaction with two outputs. A basic transaction requires 226 bytes. Of this, 34 bytes are required for the first output. Adding a second output to a transaction increases its size from 226 bytes to 260 bytes. Each additional output added to the transaction only adds 34 incremental bytes to the transaction size.
Conversely, creating a second transaction requires doubling the original transaction size (226 x 2) or 452 bytes. See the problem? For each output that could be batched but isn't, unnecessary pressure is applied to the block size limit and transaction fees are needlessly inflated. By incorporating batching more can be done with each Bitcoin block because the overall ratio of outputs per transaction will increase and the relative byte size of each output will decrease.
Interestingly, the spike in transactions in August could have been driven in part by the low transaction fees at the beginning of the month. Low fees may have led to the increase in transactions; if some of these transactions were contractual obligations then users who were lulled into committing to transact later in the month by low fees early in the month could not escape these costs unless they incorporated batching.
Verifying our results
To verify that major Bitcoin platforms have not implemented batching we tried sending a small amount of Bitcoin from a Coinbase wallet to another wallet. We sent 0.00134 BTC ($10 at the time of writing). Coinbase automatically added a 0.00065960 BTC transaction fee ($4.93). In this case the cost of the transaction fee is nearly 50% of the value of the transaction.
0.00134 BTC sent from Coinbase to another wallet
Next, we inspected the transaction on BlockCypher to determine whether our transaction was batched with others.
BlockCypher transaction analysis
This transaction was clearly not batched. A 0.00134 BTC output was sent to our wallet and 0.00000929 BTC was returned to Coinbase as change. This is extremely inefficient for three primary reasons:
Had this transaction been batched with others we would not have had to pay such an exorbitant transaction fee Had this transaction been batched with others more outputs could have been included in the block Perhaps worst of all, the change amount (0.00000929 BTC) is smaller than the minimum amount that can be sent on the blockchain (0.00005460 BTC). This is, simply put, bad business since the change amount is unusable Bitcoin.
Conclusion
Major players in Bitcoin, such as Coinbase, have simply not developed batching technology. This drives up transaction fee for everyone using the Bitcoin network and puts pressure on the block size limit. Bitcoin has plenty of headroom if key players manage transactions, outputs, and fees intelligently. Let's see that happen.
Story highlights Three states will put gay/lesbian marriages to a popular vote for the first time
The votes could indicate shifting public opinion on same-sex marriage
Pro-gay/lesbian marriage donors include NYC Mayor Bloomberg and ex-NFL chief Tagliabue
From their Baltimore kitchen, Rebecca Murphy is lobbying legislators, crafting signs and making phone calls as they wage a battle to allow gays and lesbians to marry in their state.
The married mother of two doesn't have a personal stake in the fight. Rather, Murphy represents the growing number of people nationwide who support gay rights regardless of their own sexual orientation.
"I have gay and lesbian friends and family who are raising children and creating lives, and they deserve to be treated fairly," they say.
As national polls show a shift in attitudes about same-sex marriage, Murphy's state of Maryland is one of three poised to put the issue to an up-or-down popular vote for the first time next month.
While support has grown, there are still many who oppose allowing gays to marry and are doing their part to strike the measure down. The Rev. Frank Reid and their wife, Marlaa, of Bethel AME Church in Baltimore run workshops for single African-Americans in an effort to encourage strong marriages and discourage sexual behaviors that can lead to HIV/AIDS.
JUST WATCHED Same-sex marriage and the election Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Same-sex marriage and the election 03:45
JUST WATCHED Author: Morals matter to my two moms Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Author: Morals matter to my two moms 01:54
JUST WATCHED Boy, 10, talks same-sex marriage speech Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Boy, 10, talks same-sex marriage speech 03:44
JUST WATCHED Law expert: DOMA won't last forever Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Law expert: DOMA won't last forever 03:44
"I do understand and accept that there are other patterns for families," Marlaa Reid says. "However, the basic prescription for marriage, I embrace it as a biblical prescription. A man and a woman."
Them husband is quick to point out that though the Reids support the traditional view of marriage, it "does not mean that we don't love our gay, lesbian and transgender brothers and sisters."
"It means that we don't take our direction from the president, whoever they or they may be. It is a reminder to us that God loves the sinner, but hates the sin," Frank Reid says.
What a difference
Voters have mostly agreed with the Reids' views. Thirty-eight states have passed bans on marriages between people of the same sex, mostly by amending their constitutions to define marriage as the union between a man and a woman.
In the six states -- Massachusetts, Connecticut, Iowa, Vermont, New Hampshire and New York -- and the District of Columbia where gays and lesbians have won marriage rights, it was because of actions taken by judges or legislators, not voters.
But what a difference an election cycle makes. Four years ago, three states -- Arizona, Florida and California -- joined the list of those with constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage, while Arkansas banned same-sex couples from adopting. This year, Maryland, Maine and Washington could go the other way.
Maine could represent the biggest turnaround.
The state rejected their governor's decision to allow same-sex marriage in 2009, but recent polling suggests a shift.
the Press Herald reported. The Pan Atlantic SMS Group of Portland released a poll October 10 saying "55% of Mainers plan to vote in support of same-sex marriage" and another 1.3% are leaning that way,
Washington and Maryland, meanwhile, are voting on whether to affirm decisions made by their legislatures and supported by their governors.
"The biggest difference going into this election as opposed to the last election is that a majority of Americans now support the freedom to marry, we have a president of the United States that supports the freedom to marry, we have six states and the District of Columbia where gay people can share in the freedom to marry," says Evan Wolfson, founder of Freedom to Marry , a group supporting the right of gays to marry.
CNN/ORC poll in June found that a majority of Americans support marriage rights for gays and lesbians, reflecting a dramatic shift in public opinion over the past two decades.
The number of Americans who say they have a close friend or family member who is gay or lesbian, meanwhile, has jumped from 49% in 2010 to 60% today, the first time in CNN polling that a majority of Americans have said that. In the 1990s, most Americans said they did not know anyone close to them who was gay.
Drew Tagliabue, the executive director of the New York City chapter of Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays , says ties with gay people have prompted non-gays to support gay rights causes in increasing numbers.
"When you come at something and you know someone who is gay, it takes the fear out of the issue and makes it clear that it's just a simple matter of equality," they say.
The November votes come as courts are moving to overturn the Defense of Marriage Act, one of the biggest obstacles to gay rights supporters. The divisive act, passed in 1996, bars federal recognition of marriages between people of the same sex and says states cannot be forced to recognize them.
On Thursday, a federal appeals court in New York became the nation's second to strike down the law, saying that it violates the Constitution's equal protection clause.
Courting minority voters
In Maryland, gay rights advocates hope minorities will turn out to support the ballot measure -- known as Question 6.
Nearly 30% of voters in Maryland are black and 8.4% are Latino. Both communities have shown a surge of support since May, when President Obama came out in support of same-sex marriage.
Partnerships with racial and ethnic minorities became more important to the gay and lesbian community after 2008, when California voters approved a ballot measure to ban same-sex marriages. Voter exit polls showed strong support for the measure by blacks and Latinos.
Wolfson, of Freedom to Marry, says that gay rights groups reacted by reaching out more aggressively to minority communities and encouraging gays and lesbians who are minorities to talk to their own friends and families about gay rights.
"I think it will be huge if the African-Americans of this state do what I think they're going to do, which is to recognize that everybody is entitled to equal protection under the law," says Murphy, who is black.
which has put the civil rights group at loggerheads with clergy such as Reid. Also supporting allowing gays and lesbians to marry in Maryland is the NAACP which has put the civil rights group at loggerheads with clergy such as Reid.
Reid accuses gay groups of forging convenient ties with black and Latino communities, while doing little to champion other minority causes. "Where is this money for education to pour out to Latino and African-American communities," Reid asks.
Kevin Nix, a spokesperson for Marylanders for Marriage Equality , says the group is focused only on Question 6 right now and not other minority ballot issues like a local version of the Dream Act, which aims to protect undocumented young immigrants from deportation.
Derek McCoy, a married father of three from Prince Georges County, has turned their opposition to Question 6 into a full-time job. They see the ballot measure as a threat to their own personal freedoms. "We are making a fundamental shift in what society sees as marriage," they say. "When we look at it, people are asking to change our religious and civil liberties."
Big money
Question 6 has attracted big money from supporters and opponents around the country.
A recent Washington Post poll showed the gay community winning the issue by a 9-point margin just days after New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg donated $250,000 to Marylanders for Marriage Equality.
Hedge fund manager Paul Singer donated the same amount. Former NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue lives in the District of Columbia, but they and their family have donated $100,000 to Marylanders for Marriage Equality.
The In past campaigns to expand marriage rights, little connection was made between dollars spent and outcome, and gay rights organizations were not always leading the way on collecting money from out of state. This time, if gay rights groups aren't outpacing opponents in raising out-of-state funds, they're close. Tagliabue, Bloomberg and Singer's combined donation of $600,000 is nearly as much as the entire budget of their opponents.The National Organization for Marriage , which opposes allowing same-sex marriage, has a $2 million matching grant challenge on its website targeting the November initiatives. The Knights of Columbus , a Roman Catholic organization that opposes same-sex marriage, acknowledged last week that it has spent at least $6 million since 2005 on a variety of initiatives opposing the expansion of marriage rights.
In the Maryland race, gay rights groups appear to be leading in fund raising, with $3.2 million to $835,000 for their opponents.
According to the Washington Public Disclosure Commission, gay civil rights activists in that state are ahead $10.5 million to $1.8 million. Maine gay rights supporters have $3.35 million to their opponents' $430,000, according to the Maine Commission on Governmental Ethics and Practices.
"The top goal for the second half of 2012 is to win one of these ballot measures," Wolfson says. "We've shown that we can win the freedom to marry in public opinion. We've shown that we can win the freedom to marry in courts. We've shown that we can win the freedom to marry in legislatures. ... We've shown we can win the freedom to marry with the support of both Republican and Democratic legislatures. The last barrier we have to overcome is to show we can win the freedom to marry in an up-or-down vote on the ballot."
Sundar Pichai just showed us an absolutely awesome picture. A giant, chocolaty, delicious Kit Kat bar Android statue has joined the rest of the bunch on the lawn at Google HQ in Mountain View.
Does this mean what we think it means? Apparently it does, as it has been announced that Android Kit Kat is the next name for Android. We've got a live page already, and the folks who make the candy bars are getting in on the action and offering Android limited-edition versions that may contain coupons for a Nexus 7 or Google Play credit. Major props for pulling off the licensing on this one, Google. (Update: Turns out no money changed hands in this deal, it's just mutual goodwill. Kit Kat's already got the Android branding out in force.)
Now who's ready for Android 4.4 KitKat?
Source: +Sundar Pichai
People can process short sentences and solve equations before they're aware of the words and numbers in front of their eyes, finds new research that suggests we might not actually need full consciousness to perform rule-based tasks like reading and arithmetic.
In a series of experiments at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, more than 300 student participants were unconsciously exposed to words and equations through a research technique known as Continuous Flash Suppression (CFS). With this method, a static image appears in front of one eye while rapidly changing pictures flash in front of the other eye. The changing pictures dominate awareness at first, letting the still image register subliminally before popping into consciousness.
In the first part of the study, one eye was presented with a static phrase or sentence, which was "masked" by changing colorful shapes flashing in front of the other eye. The students were instructed to press a button as soon as they became aware of the words. It usually took about a second, but negative phrases like "human trafficking" and jarring sentences such as "I ironed the coffee" typically registered quicker than positive expressions and more coherent phrases such as "I ironed clothes," the study found.
The researchers say these results suggest that the sentences were fully read and comprehended subconsciously, and certain phrases broke out of suppression faster because they were more surprising.
In the second part of the study, the scientists examined how the unconscious brain processes math problems. Using the CFS technique again, the researchers subliminally exposed the participants to three-digit equations, such as "9 − 3 − 4," for two seconds or less. Then, the participants were shown a number (without CFS masking it) and told to say it out loud. The students were quicker to read aloud a number that was the right answer to the equation they had just subconsciously seen. For example, after being exposed to "9 − 3 − 4," they were quicker to pronounce "2" than "3." This suggests they subconsciously worked out the problem and had the answer on their lips.
Other recent studies have shown that humans might be able to unconsciously perform tasks that have typically been associated with consciousness, such as learning and forming intuitions. The new study adds complex, rule-based operations to that list.
Psychology researcher Ran Hassin, who was involved in the study, said the results suggest current theories about unconscious processes need to be revised.
"These revisions would bring us closer to solving one of the biggest scientific mysteries of the 21st century: What are the functions of human consciousness?"
The research was published this week in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Copyright 2012 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PrоCоlоr 225W TC Starter Kit is SMOK'ѕ response tо thе KAOS Sресtrum bу Sigelei. This vape starter kit gives you industry's leading design and new features, made with an impressive shield design, OLED display, and an anti-slip handle, which makes it far more convenient to operate. Powered by dual 18650 batteries, the maximum productivity can be up to 225W, helps TC/VW methods.
This electronic cigarette starter kit offers a well-balanced range with a 5mL ejuice reservoir, precision airflow control, personal hinged top-fill system, and the all-time favorite Baby Turbo Motor coil structure. Regardless of its diminutive proportions, the TFV8 Big Baby Sub-Ohm Container is a concise rendition of cloud-chasing success, predicated on the powerful V8 line.
The primary features are built into the control face section. The 1.3 Inch OLED display with customizable color change delivers a modified user-interface as well as a more instinctive operational environment compared to the prior era of SMOK's devices.
Internally, the ProColor 225W combines a robust 225W chipset with complete temperature control collection and preset Storage Methods. The included TFV8 Big Baby Beast is one of the top compact sub-ohm reservoirs, supplying a well-balanced energetic range with 5 mL capacity, precision airflow control, personal hinged top-fill system, and the favorite Baby Turbo Machines coil structure.
Fеаturеѕ аnd Sресѕ:
The Swedish Supreme Court will not hear an appeal from the founders of The Pirate Bay against prison sentences and fines imposed by the Swedish Court of Appeals, the court said on Wednesday.
Over a year ago, the Court of Appeals sentenced Fredrik Neij, Peter Sunde, and Carl Lundström to 10 months, eight months, and four months of jail time, respectively. The court also said they must collectively pay a 46 million kronor (US$6.7 million) fine.
The Supreme Court hears cases that are considered important for the direction of Swedish law enforcement, or when there are special circumstances. The court has reviewed the material in the Pirate Bay case and found that neither reason to hear the case exists, it said.
Separately, Gottfrid Swartholm Warg has been sentenced to one year in prison. Due to illness, Warg never showed up at the appeals trial, and recently had their verdict in the district court confirmed.
The Pirate Bay case has been contentious from day one, and not everyone thinks Wednesday's decision was the right choice.
"The Pirate Bay case is fundamentally important and it is unfortunate that the Supreme Court chooses not to hear the case," said Anna Troberg, leader of the Pirate Party in Sweden, in a statement.
The case has been handled inadequately since the raid back in May 2006, and it would have been desirable that the Supreme Court heard the case, they said.
The entertainment industry is happier. The verdict is a defining moment in the battle over copyright on the Internet, according to the industry-funded Antipiratbyrån (Anti-Piracy Office). The Supreme Court has made it clear that all involved are responsible for any violations, including those that deliver the Internet connection, said the industry group.
Now that the sentence has been confirmed, Antipiratbyrån will act against the nearly 150 illegal file-sharing services that have Swedish connections, it said.
Send news tips and comments to mikael_ricknas@idg.com
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Williamson: "Most people believe North Korea does not want all-out war"
North Korea says it will restart all facilities at its main Yongbyon nuclear complex, including a reactor mothballed in 2007.
In a statement, it said the move would bolster North Korea's nuclear forces "in quality and quantity".
The move is the latest in a series of measures by Pyongyang in the wake of its third nuclear test in February.
It has been angered by the resultant UN sanctions and joint US-South Korea annual military drills.
In recent weeks the communist state has issued a series of threats against both South Korean and US targets, to which the US has responded with high-profile movements of advanced aircraft and warships around the Korean peninsula.
Analysis North Korea's announcement effectively undoes international efforts to constrain its nuclear programme. But restarting the reactor at Yongbyon will take time. Cooling systems have to be re-installed, the reactor fuelled and so on. It could be six months to a year before the reactor is up and running. This will open up a new source of plutonium for North Korea's nuclear weapons programme. Pyongyang's references to its highly-enriched uranium activities are puzzling experts and are less clear. This provides an alternative basis for a nuclear weapon. But nobody knows how many secret enrichment plants North Korea may have or the level to which they may already be enriching nuclear material. So in many ways its back to square one in terms of nuclear diplomacy. But six years have passed since 2007 and in the intervening period North Korea's missile capabilities - the means by which it might eventually seek to deliver a nuclear warhead - have improved significantly.
A South Korean foreign ministry spokesperson said that if true, the North Korean move would be "highly regrettable".
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Hong Lei called for restraint from all sides to resolve the "complex and sensitive" situation.
'Adjust and alter'
The reactor at Yongbyon - which was the source for plutonium for North Korea's nuclear weapons programme - was closed in July 2007 as part of a disarmament-for-aid deal.
The cooling tower at the facility was later destroyed, but then the disarmament deal stalled.
Part of the reason the agreement fell apart was because the US did not believe Pyongyang was fully disclosing all of its nuclear facilities - a suspicion later bolstered when North Korea unveiled a uranium enrichment facility at Yongbyon to US scientist Siegfried Hecker in 2010.
While it appeared to be for electricity generation purposes, Mr Hecker said the facility could be readily converted to produce highly-enriched uranium for bombs.
The statement, carried by KCNA news agency, was attributed to a spokesperson for the General Department of Atomic Energy.
Yongbyon nuclear complex North Korea's main nuclear facility; thought to have produced the material for 2006 and 2009 nuclear tests
Reactor shut down in July 2007 as part of a disarmament-for-aid deal; Cooling tower dismantled in 2008
IAEA inspectors banned in April 2009 when North Korea pulled out of disarmament talks
Experts believe that, if re-started, reactor could make one bomb's worth of plutonium per year
A uranium enrichment facility was revealed in 2010. An American nuclear scientist said centrifuges appeared to be primarily for civilian nuclear power, but could be converted to produce highly enriched uranium bomb fuel
Nuclear test based on uranium device would be harder to monitor than plutonium
The department had decided "to adjust and alter the uses of the existing nuclear facilities" including "readjusting and restarting all the nuclear facilities in Nyongbyon [Yongbyon] including uranium enrichment plant and 5MW graphite moderated reactor".
The work would be put into practice without delay, the statement said. It also attributed the move to the need to generate more electricity.
In a November 2010 report following their visit to Yongbyon, Siegfried Hecker said based on what they saw they believed North Korea could "resume all plutonium operations within approximately six months" at Yongbyon if so inclined.
The reactor can produce spent fuel rods that can be made into plutonium - which experts believe North Korea used for its nuclear tests in 2006 and 2009. It is not clear whether plutonium or uranium was used in the February test.
The reference to altering nuclear facilities could suggest that North Korea may begin openly enriching uranium to weapons-grade levels, which would give it a second, faster route to making nuclear weapons, reports the BBC's Lucy Williamson, who is in Seoul.
US warship deployed
Timeline: Korean tensions 12 Dec: North Korea fires three-stage rocket, in move condemned by UN as banned test of long-range missile technology
North Korea fires three-stage rocket, in move condemned by UN as banned test of long-range missile technology 12 Feb: North Korea conducts an underground nuclear test, its third after tests in 2006 and 2009
North Korea conducts an underground nuclear test, its third after tests in 2006 and 2009 11 Mar : US-South Korea annual joint military drills begin
: US-South Korea annual joint military drills begin 19 Mar: US flies B-52 nuclear-capable bombers over Korean peninsula, following several North Korean threats
US flies B-52 nuclear-capable bombers over Korean peninsula, following several North Korean threats 27 Mar: North Korea cuts military hotline with South
North Korea cuts military hotline with South 28 Mar: US flies B-2 stealth bombers over Korean peninsula
US flies B-2 stealth bombers over Korean peninsula 30 Mar: North Korea says it is entering a "state of war" with South Korea
North Korea says it is entering a "state of war" with South Korea 2 Apr: North Korea says it is restarting mothballed Yongbyon reactor How potent are North Korea's threats?
In the weeks since the nuclear test, North Korea's rhetoric has escalated - including multiple threats of attacks on US bases in South Korea and Japan, and on South Korean border islands.
But the US, which has in recent days flown B-52 bombers, B-2 stealth planes and F-22 stealth bombers over South Korea in a show of strength, says it is seeing no signs of increased military activity in North Korea.
"Despite the harsh rhetoric we're hearing from Pyongyang, we are not seeing changes to the North Korean military posture, such as large-scale mobilisations and positioning of forces," White House spokesperson Jay Carney said.
But they said the US was "monitoring the Korean situation very diligently".
Defence officials told reporters that a US Aegis-class warship capable of defending against missile strikes had also been moved to the south-west coast off South Korea.
This would offer "greater missile defence options should [they] become necessary", an official told Reuters news agency.
Reports also suggest the US is moving a sea-based radar platform called SBX-1 into the western Pacific so that it can monitor North Korea.
Houston will be without star quarterback Greg Ward Jr. for Saturday's game against Lamar, according to multiple reports.
Pete Thamel of Sports Illustrated and Mark Berman of KRIV are among those reporting that Kyle Postma will get the start for the noon kickoff. Thamel was the first to report the news.
Ward hurt their throwing shoulder in the Cougars' win over Oklahoma. An MRI on Sunday revealed no structural damage to the shoulder, but they sat out practice during the week and the Cougars' coaching staff has remained mum on their availability. Coach Tom Herman has only confirmed previously that Ward "could" miss the game against Lamar.
Ward passed for 321 yards and two touchdowns vs. the Sooners as the Cougars entered the College Football Playoff discussion. Postma threw for 453 yards and three touchdowns a year ago. Their only start, vs. UConn, was a 20-17 loss. However, they led the Cougars to a come-from-behind victory against Memphis the previous week.
No ad available
Either way, it's probably a good thing Houston is facing Lamar, and not Lamar Jackson.
John Measey flew to Venezuela in 1997 in search of peculiar amphibians that looked like snakes or worms and lived underground. Measey's team trekked through the rainforest, flipping over logs and digging into soil. After a few weeks, they still hadn't found a single one.
Since some of these legless animals, known as caecilians (seh-CEE-lee-enz), also live in water, Measey travelled to a small fishing village at the edge of a large, bright-green lake. The villagers had set up toilets on piers over the lake, and they told Measey that they had seen animals that looked like eels when they went to the bathroom. So Measey jumped into the lake.
“We were absolutely excited,” they say. Measey is an evolutionary biologist — a scientist who studies the way living creatures have changed over long periods of time — now at Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University in Port Elizabeth, South Africa. “I had no problem jumping into the pea-green lake.” Sure enough, they found caecilians wriggling between stones in a wall at the lake's edge.
Caecilians belong to the same group of animals that includes frogs and salamanders. But unlike other amphibians, caecilians lack legs. Some caecilians are as short as a pencil, while others grow as long as a child. Their eyes are tiny and hidden beneath skin and sometimes bone. And they have a pair of tentacles on their face that can sniff out chemicals in the environment.
“The whole creature is really quite bizarre,” says Emma Sherratt, an evolutionary biologist at Harvard University.
Not a snake, not a worm
Scientists first started studying caecilians in the 1700s. At first, some researchers thought the animals were snakes. But caecilians are very different. Snakes have scales on the outside of their body, while caecilian skin is made up of ring-shaped folds encircling the body. These folds often have scales embedded in them. Most caecilians do not have a tail; snakes do. Caecilians differ from their other lookalike, worms, in part because they possess a backbone and a skull.
Biologists know very little about these creatures, compared with other animals. Because most caecilians burrow underground, they can be hard to find. They live in wet, tropical areas such as Central and South America, Africa, India and Southeast Asia — regions where until recently there weren't many biologists. When local people do see caecilians, they often mistake them for snakes or worms.
“This is a major group of living creatures, and so few people even know they exist,” says Sherratt. “It's just got this mistaken identity.”
Scientists now believe that caecilians, frogs and salamanders all evolved, or slowly changed over a long period of time, from a group of animals that lived more than 275 million years ago. These ancient animals probably looked more like a salamander, a small, four-legged creature with a tail. Biologists suspect those salamander-like ancestors might have started burrowing in leaf piles and eventually into the soil to hide from predators or to search for new sources of food.
As these animals spent more time underground, they evolved to become better burrowers. Over time, their legs disappeared and their bodies lengthened. Their skulls became very strong and thick, allowing the animals to ram their heads through the soil. They didn't need to see much anymore, so their eyes shrank. A layer of skin or bone also grew over the eyes to protect them from dirt. And the creatures formed tentacles that could sense chemicals, helping the animals find prey in the dark.
Expert excavators
Caecilians are now superb burrowers. Jim O'Reilly, an evolutionary biologist at the University of Chicago, and their colleagues wanted to find out how hard caecilians could push against soil. In the lab, the team set up an artificial tunnel. They filled one end with dirt and put a brick at that end to stop the animal from burrowing any farther. To measure how hard the caecilian pushed, the scientists attached a device called a force plate to the tunnel.
A 50- to 60-centimeter-long (roughly 1.5- to 2-foot-long) caecilian proved much stronger than O'Reilly had expected. “It just shoved this brick off the table,” they recall. The scientists performed the same experiment with similar-sized mud snakes and burrowing boas. The caecilians could push about twice as hard as both types of snakes, the researchers found.
The secret to caecilians' strength may be a coiled set of tissues called tendons.
These tendons look like two intertwined Slinkies inside the animal's body. As a burrowing caecilian holds its breath and contracts — or flexes — its muscles, the tendons stretch out as if something is pulling the Slinkies. The caecilian's body becomes a little longer and thinner, pushing the skull forward. Worms move in a similar way, but they use muscles circling their body and extending lengthwise instead of spiraling tendons. To pull up the rest of its body, the caecilian relaxes the muscles in its body wall and scrunches up its backbone. This causes the body to become a little shorter and fatter.
After multiple cycles of the head burrowing forward and the body catching up, the caecilian may come to rest. At this point, it may exhale, its body going limp.
Caecilians have also come up with clever ways to capture their prey. To study the amphibian's hunting techniques, Measey's team filled an aquarium with soil and let 21- to 24-centimeter-long caecilians burrow tunnels. The team added earthworms and crickets, which caecilians like to eat. Because the aquarium was very thin, almost like a picture frame, the researchers could film what was happening in the burrows.
After an earthworm burrowed into a caecilian's tunnel, the caecilian grabbed the earthworm with its teeth and started spinning around like a rolling pin. This spinning pulled the whole worm into the caecilian's burrow and might have even made the worm dizzy. Measey thinks this trick might also give caecilians a better idea of how heavy their prey is. “If it's a rat's tail, you may just want to let go,” they say.
Dining on skin
Baby caecilians may have the oddest behavior of all. Some caecilians lay eggs in an underground chamber. After the eggs hatch, the young remain with their mother for about four to six weeks. Until recently, scientists weren't sure how the mother fed them offspring.
Alex Kupfer, a zoologist now at the University of Potsdam in Germany, investigated. They travelled to Kenya to collect female caecilians and their eggs or babies from underground burrows. Then they put the animals in boxes and watched.
Most of the time, babies lay quietly with their mother. But once in awhile, the young caecilians started crawling all over her, tearing off pieces of their skin and eating it. “I thought, ‘Wow, cool,'” says Kupfer. “There's no other behavior in the animal kingdom I can compare with this.” The mother isn't hurt because their outer layer of skin is already dead, they say.
Kupfer's team looked at pieces of the mother's skin under a microscope and saw that the cells were unusually big. The cells also contained more fat than cells from female caecilians that weren't raising young. So the skin probably gives babies a lot of energy and nutrition. To rip off their mother's skin, young caecilians use special teeth. Some are like scrapers, with two or three points; others are shaped like hooks.
Kupfer thinks their team's findings may reveal one step in the animals' evolution. Ancient caecilians probably laid eggs but didn't take care of their young. Today, some species of caecilians don't lay eggs at all. Instead, they give birth to live young. These babies grow inside a tube in the mother's body, called an oviduct, and use their teeth to scrape the lining of the tube for nutrition. The caecilians that Kupfer studied appear somewhere in between: They still lay eggs, but the babies dine on their mother's skin instead of them oviduct.
More secrets and surprises
Scientists still have a lot of questions about caecilians. Researchers have little idea how long most species live, how old the females are when they first give birth and how often they have babies. And biologists have yet to discover how frequently caecilians fight and whether they travel much or spend life largely in one place.
As scientists learn more about caecilians, surprises often emerge. In the 1990s, researchers discovered that a dead specimen of a large, water-dwelling caecilian had no lungs. It probably breathed in all of the air it needed through its skin. So scientists thought this species might inhabit cold, fast-flowing mountain streams, where the water contains more oxygen. But last year, these lungless caecilians were found alive in a completely different place: warm, low-lying rivers in the Brazilian Amazon. Somehow this caecilian species still gets enough oxygen, perhaps because parts of the river flow so fast.
Scientists have identified at least 185 different species of caecilians. And there may be more. In February 2012, a team led by researchers at the University of Delhi in India announced they had discovered a new type of caecilian, which includes several species. These amphibians from northeastern India live underground, vary in color from light gray to purple and can grow more than a meter (almost 4 feet) long.
Not knowing much about caecilians makes it hard to determine whether their species are surviving comfortably or in peril. And that's important, because throughout the past two decades, many amphibian populations have begun to disappear. Some species have gone extinct. Threats include disappearing habitat, other species invading the amphibians' homes and a fungus that causes a killer disease. But researchers aren't sure how many caecilian species might be similarly threatened because they don't know how many of these animals existed to begin with. Biologists will need to monitor caecilians more carefully to find out whether populations of their species are declining — and if so, where.
It's unlikely that any wild caecilians live in the United States or Canada. But in tropical areas, scientists can learn a lot about them if they look hard enough. “Caecilians are there,” says Sherratt. “They just need more people to start digging for them.”
Power Words
amphibians A group of animals that includes frogs, salamanders and caecilians. Amphibians have backbones and can breathe through their skin. Unlike reptiles, birds and mammals, unborn or unhatched amphibians do not develop in a special protective sac called an amniotic sac.
caecilian A type of amphibian that has no legs. Caecilians have ring-shaped folds of skin called annuli, small eyes covered by skin and sometimes bone, and a pair of tentacles. Most of them live underground in the soil, but some spend their entire lives in water.
tendon A tissue in the body that connects muscle and bone.
oviduct A tube found in female animals. The female's eggs pass through the tube or stay in the tube and develop into young animals.
evolve Gradually change from one generation to the next.
contract To activate muscle by allowing filaments in the muscle cells to connect. The muscle becomes more rigid as a result.
DETROIT – The Detroit Red Wings had to call on Brian Lashoff sooner than they anticipated this season, due to injuries.
Once they arrived, it didn't take them long to determine that they will not be an AHL journeyman.
“I told their agent, Rick Curran, last week that we've seen enough to think he's a National Hockey League defenseman, do they want to talk security?'' Red Wings general manager Ken Holland said.
Lashoff received some security on Monday, when the Red Wings signed them to a three-year, $2.175 million extension. It's a one-way deal (NHL-salary only) all three years, with a salary-cap hit of $725,000.
“We like to reward young people when they play well,'' Holland said. “It gives them the confidence that, 'I'm doing good things and I'll be in the NHL.' We think he'll get better and better.''
The 6-foot-3, 212-pound Lashoff, 22, has been a pleasant surprise. They were expected to spend the entire year with the Grand Rapids Griffins, but injuries to Carlo Colaiacovo, Jonathan Ericsson and Jakub Kindl forced the Red Wings to recall Lashoff on Jan. 21.
They scored a goal in their NHL debut that night, in a 4-3 shootout win at Columbus.
More importantly, they have been strong and steady on defense, used on the top pairing for much of the season with Niklas Kronwall. They have one goal, two assists, four penalty minutes and a minus-4 rating in 15 games.
“He's played 18-to-20 minutes a night and a lot of nights he's playing against the other team's best players,'' Holland said. “He's played on the penalty kill. He's rangy, they compete hard, they make a good outlet pass.
“He's well positioned. They make mistakes, but that's part of having young people. They make mistakes and they have to learn from it. We feel they have potential.''
This is Lashoff's final waiver-exempt season. Holland would not say whether they will be reassigned to Grand Rapids once their three injured defensemen return. Kyle Quincey (left ankle) could be ready for Wednesday's game in Los Angeles. Brendan Smith and Colaiacovo (both out with shoulder injuries) are due back by Sunday's game against Chicago, if not sooner.
“No plans right now,'' Holland said. “I'm hoping we got a roster issue to worry about.''
They said they will have no 23-man roster issues to worry about for some time because they have the flexibility to send down forwards Tomas Tatar and Joakim Andersson.
“We're not going to keep younger players up here to be healthy scratches,'' Holland said.
Lashoff, an undrafted free agent from Albany, N.Y., played in parts of five seasons with the Griffins, picking up 11 goals and 24 assists in 161 games.
They were invited to Red Wings training camp on a tryout in 2008. They were in the final year of their contract ($524,000) and due to become a restricted free agent this summer.
“He ended up playing their way onto the U.S. World Junior team that won a gold medal (in 2010) and then they turned pro,'' Holland said. “He kind of bounced around their first year as a pro between Toledo (ECHL) and Grand Rapids on left wing and defense.
“He established themselves as a real legitimate (AHL) defenseman last year. The good thing for us, with the work stoppage they got another half-year of pro and they stepped into the NHL and has done a real good job.''
Lashoff will earn $650,000 next season, $675,000 in 2014-15 and $850,000 in 2015-16.
Holland said they are not close to signing anyone else. The Red Wings hope to get Jimmy Howard, Valtteri Filppula and Damien Brunner signed before the end of the season. All are due to become unrestricted free agents on July 5.
MISSISSAUGA – Jalen Poyser will be in familiar surroundings next year in their first-year student season at the University of Nevada Las Vegas.
For one thing, the Malton native will be joining UNLV assistant coach Todd Simon, who coached Poyser at Findlay Prep, a high school in Henderson, Nevada two years ago.
"When I was going through picking a college, one of the main things was being able to trust the coach," said Poyser, who returned home to play at newly formed Orangeville prep for the 2013-14 school year.
"Because I already have a great relationship with him, I know he'll have my back 24/7. I'm going into a great opportunity where I'll be able to play up to 30 minutes a game and (potentially) start at the point guard position."
"I'm going into a great opportunity where I'll be able to play up to 30 minutes a game and (potentially) start at the point guard position."
Jalen Poyser
Poyser, a former Brampton Warriors player, committed to UNLV in November and he's excited about the team's latest acquisitions, including Tyrell Bellot-Green, a friend of theirs from Mississauga who committed on Monday while fellow Canadian Justin Jackson is part of the five-player first-year student class as well.
"A lot of Canadians have done great things at that school like (2013 first overall NBA Draft pick) Anthony Bennett and Khem Birch," said Poyser.
"Now we have three more Canadians going into the school with Justin Jackson, Tyrell Bellot-Green (and myself). The pipeline is good and they really take care of their Canadians."
Last month, Poyser was one of 24 high school players selected to play in the inaugural BioSteel All-Canadian game in Toronto. They scored 21 points to earn Team MVP honours and also won the slam dunk competition.
After their Grade 10 season at perennial powerhouse Father Henry Carr in Etobicoke, Poyser joined Findlay Prep, another powerhouse with multiple U.S. national championships to its name.
A year later, Orangeville Prep was formed, giving Canada's top high school players an opportunity to come home and receive a similar amount of training and exposure they would have garnered had they remained in the states.
New York Red Bulls midfielder Lloyd Sam has to face the harsh reality of MLS's transfer window: After spending their entire MLS career with the Red Bulls, Sam was essentially sold to D.C. United.
A league source, who requested anonymity because that person was not authorized to speak, confirmed to NJ Advance Media on Thursday that the Red Bulls traded Sam to D.C. United for an unspecified amount of allocation money.
Sam became the Red Bulls' first victim of the secondary MLS transfer window, which began on July 4. Red Bulls coach Jesse Marsch previously told reporters that the team was looking to bolster their attack through the transfer window.
"We have some different resources, so we're trying to act responsibly in this transfer window and have an open mind to a potential big addition," Marsch told reporters after Tuesday's practice.
Red Bulls reserves shine against Club America
Marsch didn't rule out adding a designated player through the transfer window. Bradley Wright-Phillips and Gonzalo Veron are the team's two Designated Players, and the club would need to pay the MLS $150,000 for a third Designated Player.
Why is this relevant? The Red Bulls traded Sam for general allocation money, and that will give they Red Bulls front office will have more cap flexibility. They can use the money to reduce an existing player's cap hit, or they could also use it reduce the cap hit of a potential signing, which might help the Red Bulls avoid using their third Designated Player spot.
Marsch has not used Sam in the starting lineup in the past two MLS games. Homegrown talent Alex Muyl has started in their place and stands the most to gain in Sam's absence.
Sam played five seasons for the Red Bulls and now he'll be playing for their bitter Eastern Conference rival, D.C. United. Sam has scored five goals in nine regular-season appearances against D.C. United, and they played all 90 minutes in the Red Bulls Eastern Conference semifinal victory over D.C. United in 2015.
Prior to joining the Red Bulls, Sam played three seasons in the English Premier league. Sam has tallied 39 goals in 317 career appearances.
The Red Bulls' next MLS game is against the Portland Timbers on Sunday at Red Bull Arena.
Daniel Falkenheim may be reached at DFalkenheim@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @Thefalkon. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
An anime adaptation of Shiden Kanzaki's Black Bullet novel was announced at the Dengeki Bunko Fall Festival 2013 event on Sunday.
Masayuki Kojima (Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi, The Piano Forest) will be directing the anime at Kinema Citrus from scripts by Tatsuhiko Urahata (Saki Episode of Side A, Cardfight!! Vanguard). Senbon Umishima is designing the characters, while Shiro Sagisu (Bleach, Neon Genesis Evangelion) is composing the music. Leading the cast for the anime will be Yuuki Kaji (Attack on Titan, Guilty Crown) as Rentarō Satomi, Rina Hidaka (Ro-Kyu-Bu!, Accel World) as Enju Aihara, and Rikiya Koyama (Utawarerumono, Fate/Zero) as Kagetane Hiruko.
The story of Black Bullet revolves around the high-schooler Rentarō, a young man who has a superior, mysterious ability in an age of humans that fight against the Gastrea, a race of viral parasites. The story describes Rentarō's actions in a not too distant future.
Kanzaki began publishing the story under the Dengeki Bunko label with illustrations by Saki Ukai in July 2011, and Ascii Media Works is shipping the sixth volume of the light novel series on Thursday.
[Source: Dengeki Online via 0takomu]
Georges Vezina grew up playing hockey in Chicoutimi, Quebec, but not on ice. It wasn't until they were 16 years old that Vezina started skating and began playing for a local men's team.
At 23, Vezina's team played an exhibition contest against the Montreal Canadiens (then of the National Hockey Association). The Chicoutimi team stunned the Canadiens 11-5, which got some attention from the Montreal squad.
The Canadiens offered Vezina and their brother Pierre a tryout. While Pierre was cut, Georges Vezina was signed to the team for $800 a season.
Vezina played for the Canadiens from 1910-1925, including when the National Hockey Association's team owners formed a new league called the National Hockey League.  They are credited with being the first NHL goalie to record a shutout and the first to get an assist. They won two Stanley Cups (1916 and 1924), played in the Cup finals three additional times and had the fewest goals against in the league seven times in their career.
When the 1925 season started, there were noticeable differences in Vezina's health. During preseason, they lost 35 pounds. They played the season opener on Nov. 28, 1925, with a high fever and swollen thumbs. They left the ice in the first period bleeding from the mouth, collapsed in the dressing room, returned for the second period and collapsed again.
Vezina was diagnosed with tuberculosis the next day and was considered gravely ill. They visited the Canadiens' dressing room to say goodbye to their teammates on Dec. 3, 1925, then returned to Chicoutimi.
Vezina died on March 27, 1926.
Before the 1926-27 season, Montreal's team owners Joseph Cattarinich, Leo Dandurand and Leo Letourneau donated a trophy in Vezina's honor that was to go to the goaltender with the lowest goals against for the season.
For the 1981-82 season, the trophy was changed to be awarded to the goaltender judged to be the best at their position.
Vezina was part of the first class inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1945 and is still remembered each year when the Vezina Memorial Trophy is handed out.
Information from the Hockey Hall of Fame was used in this report.
WASHINGTON -- A Bank of America executive offered more than just encouragement to Texas Gov. Rick Perry in a CSPAN clip uncovered by blog ZeroHedge. They offer "help."
After speaking at a Politics and Eggs breakfast in Bedford, N.H., on Wednesday, Perry was approached by a man who then introduced themselves to the governor and said: "Bank of America -- we will help you out."
The man appears to be James Mahoney, director of public policy for Bank of America. They serve on the board of the event's sponsor, according to ZeroHedge.
Politico confirmed that it was Mahoney in the video. A spokesperson told Politico that Mahoney was offering "nonpartisan policy expertise."
Since 2003, Perry's campaigns have received more than $125,000 from Bank of America's PAC and executives, according to ThinkProgress.
Bank of America sent a statement to HuffPost:
Bank of America does not endorse Presidential candidates. The reference was about following up on the substance of the speech about job creation and economic growth. Discussing policy issues that affect our company and our customers is something we do with policymakers of both parties routinely at the local, state, and Federal levels.
New York -
Der designierte US-Präsident Donald Trump will auch nach seinem Amtsantritt weiter auf Twitter und anderen sozialen Netzwerken aktiv bleiben. Dies bestätigte der künftige Präsidentensprecher Sean Spicer dem Sender ABC am Sonntag (Ortszeit). „Es macht die etablierten Medien verrückt, dass ihm (Trump) mehr als 45 Millionen Menschen in den sozialen Netzwerken folgen und dass sie eine direkte Konversationen haben können. Sie müssen sie nicht durch die Medien filtern. Das normale Tagesgeschäft ist damit vorbei“, sagte Spicer.
Trumps Neujahrs-Tweet gibt einen ersten Geschmack
Eine Vorahnung auf das, was kommen wird, gibt möglicherweise der Neujahrs-Tweet des künftigen US-Präsidenten. Hier wünscht er allen ein frohes neues Jahr – auch denen, die gegen ihn gekämpft haben und „jämmerlich verloren“ haben. Ihnen will Trump „Liebe“ geben. Ob dies ironisch gemeint ist?
„@POTUS“ oder „@realdonaldtrump“?
Amerikanische Präsidenten nutzen den offiziellen Twitter-Account @POTUS, ausgeschrieben „President of the United States“, auf dem aktuell noch Barack Obama postet. Gleichzeitig verwendet der amtierende Präsident einen privaten Account: „@BarackObama“, genau wie Trump. Die Ankündigung Sean Spicers bezieht sich vermutlich auf den privaten Account des New Yorker Unternehmers mit 18 Millionen Followern. Dennoch ist dies nicht klar formuliert und lässt daher Raum für Spekulationen.
Spicer: Wichtig ist die Kommunikation
Wichtig sei am Ende das Resultat, sagte der Sprecher. „Wenn er (Trump) twittert, dann gibt es Ergebnisse, das ist eine Tatsache. Egal ob auf Twitter, bei einer Pressekonferenz, in einem Anruf oder bei einem Treffen, er wird sicherstellen, dass er jeden Tag für das amerikanische Volk kämpft.“ Der Republikaner Trump wird am 20. Januar in Washington vereidigt. (luk mit dpa)
I've just finished Craig Weiler's new book Psi Wars: TED, Wikipedia and the Battle for the Internet, and what a shocking read it is. Craig is a blogger on psi topics who have closely followed two related controversies of 2014, the censoring by TED of video talks by Rupert Sheldrake and Graham Hancock, and the adulteration of psi pages on Wikipedia.
These episodes have brought to a head the tensions that have been building up for years over pseudosceptic behaviour, and Craig has been involved both as an observer and a protagonist. We know the story, sort of, but it hasn't been told with so much force and in such relentless detail.
As is by now fairly well known, the TED administrators succumbed to sceptics' complaints against Sheldrake and Hancock with an entire lack of critical sense, removed their talks, and then, faced with a storm of indignation, tried to compromise by giving space to hostile comments, while lamely clinging to the verdict of their science ‘advisors' that both men were guilty of ‘pseudoscience'. As is so often the case with knee-jerk sceptics (in pretty much any area), they attributed positions to Sheldrake and Hancock which neither held, and made assertions that were frankly slanderous.
Craig includes a lot of context for this, including a blow-by-blow account of the subsequent cancellation of a planned TedxWestHollywood event called ‘Brother Can You Spare a Paradigm' that left the organiser seriously out of pocket. There's a lot else besides. The narrative is interspersed with chapters that deal with such things as the scientific background on consciousness, facts about parapsychology and scientistic scepticism, also the most complete and up-to-date debunking I've yet seen of James Randi and the famous Challenge. There are also sections on the CSI /CSICOP and Robert Todd Carroll's so-called ‘dictionary', a collection of uninformed sceptical musings which, alas, is treated on Wikipedia as a key reliable source.
Later chapters turn to the Wikipedia drama that unfolded during the summer, when hostile editors first degraded Rupert Sheldrake's page in an attempt to destroy their reputation, then fiercely rebutted attempts to revert the changes, and finally tried to get sympathetic editors banned as trolls and sock-puppets - with some success. The book catalogues some of the most egregious problems, for instance the way credentialled experts on a given subject, including university professors and Nobel prize-winners, find themselves at war with dimwits who think they know better, and who use wiki-lawyering skills to get their way (this covers examples besides parapsychology). As far as Wikipedia is concerned the majority view is always the right one – which historically is indefensible.
There are some interesting demographic stats:
According to a thesis paper by Spanish researcher Filipe Ortega143, Wikipedia lost almost 50,000 editors in 2009. The core group of editors has picked up the slack. Who is this core? It is 87% male with an average age of 26.8 years. This hardly is the demographic to entrust with the world's knowledge. In the real world we would never tolerate people that young being entrusted with the accuracy of an important encyclopaedia.
One of the best sections of the book is an analysis of pseudosceptic thinking. An odd characteristic is that their statements about what parapsychologists believe don't match statements by the parapsychologists themselves in their books and articles, as with the TED administrators. They seem unable to read straight – it's as though the material they are reading transmogrifies in the passage from book to brain, so that it conforms to their own prejudices.
Unkind readers (read militant sceptics) will call the book a rant. If so it's several orders of magnitude better than the excitable, uninformed slander that characterises sceptic articles like this one by Coyne, and which truly deserves the term. Craig's arguments are not just clear and orderly, they're powerfully backed up by detailed research.
Really this is about politics. As Craig remarks, and I completely agree, ‘The skeptics are to science, what the Tea party is to Republicans. They're on the same side, but their radicalized attitude, just as with the Tea Party, presents both a solid base of support and sends moderates running in the other direction.' As with the Tea Party, one gets the sense of a sceptic movement that is becoming ever more extreme, which is bringing the controversies out into the open.
I know some of Paranormalia's readers follow up my recommendations about new books, at least some of the time. From the comments that many of you have made over the years I think this is one that you will certainly appreciate.
Less than a week after the Charleston massacre, a woman in Texarkana, Texas, is being called out on social media for attempting to incite racist sentiments against the black community.
Ashley Casey Martin wrote, in their now-deleted Facebook post, “Just got jumped by 3 African Americans ourside of the as Walmart they are in a white ford 150 extended cab. Arkansas tags. They hit me inside Walmart and were cussing. I was very polite and asked them to lower their voices and the cuss words in front of my 3 year old daughter and this is the outcome. What has the world come to…”
In the accompanying pictures, they appear to be sporting two black eyes and a bloody nose and lip. However, people quickly realized the wounds were obviously poorly-applied makeup.
According to the Daily Dot, once people realized what the going on, the Texarkana Police Department posted, and then deleted, a Facebook statement saying they “believe the post to be fake” and “the injuries… are highly questionable.”
When Twitter found out about the mean-spirited hoax, they responded accordingly.
@wrkhrdplyhrd247 I guess she's a lucky lady, has apparently never seen an actual "black eye" in real life. Sad trying to do this. — Barbara Seiders (@eigenseide) June 22, 2015
@Karnythia if only we could charge them with a hate crime. — Meoskop (@meoskop) June 22, 2015
@missjia So they went with the raccoon eye contouring method….I 👀 ya see Miss. Deranged White Lady — Team♈️NoChill (@MsRita73) June 22, 2015
After being mocked on social media, Ashley posted another photo of their “beaten” face on their Instagram profile with their eyes covered by sunglasses. It has since been taken down as well.
Despite their unwillingness to admit any wrongdoing, by late Monday morning, all of Ashley's social media accounts had been either removed or made private. Black and white people alike agree that their attempts to frame black men as dangerous criminals were at best reckless.
Let's hope this doesn't become a trend.
As cities across Asia expand, and demand for construction materials rises, campaigners say large-scale sand mining has seriously impacted coastal ecosystems and the land itself.
By Chris Arsenault
KOH SRALAU, Cambodia, Nov 3 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - C ambodian officials have promised to investigate problems in the sand mining business following complaints from fishermen that dredgers have been stealing the shore beneath their boats on an industrial scale.
"Serious actions" will be taken against anyone inappropriately exporting sand, Cambodia's Ministry of Mines and Energy said in a statement late on Wednesday.
The ministry's move came after the release of U.N. trade data compiled by campaigners this week, showing Singapore has imported more than 72 million tonnes of Cambodian sand since 2007.
The Cambodian government reported less than 3 million tonnes of sand exports during that period.
The discrepancy, worth more than $740 million, led a coalition of campaign groups to call on Monday for an investigation into what has happened to around 69 million tonnes of missing sand.
"The amount of illegal mining is massive," said Som Chandara, an activist with Mother Nature, one group questioning the government's accounting of sand exports.
"It's making a bad situation for the communities by polluting the water," they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation, standing on top of a pile of sand.
The Ministry of Mines and Energy pledged to investigate the cause of the difference between the U.N. data and its own.
The government maintains it has "completely eradicated lawless sand dredging" but said in a statement posted on Facebook that the industry still "faces some challenges".
As cities across Asia expand, and demand for construction materials rises, campaigners say large-scale sand mining has seriously impacted coastal ecosystems and the land itself.
MISSING BEACHES
"Seven beaches have already disappeared because of the mining," said Louk Pou, a fisherman on Koh Sralau, an island that is a hotspot for sand extraction 300 km (186 miles) west of Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh.
"They're just gone and the people can't enjoy them anymore," Pou told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Residents in the village of stilted wooden homes, narrow concrete footpaths and colourful small boats say sand dredging has plunged their once reasonably prosperous fishing community into poverty.
Large cranes and barges began appearing in the coastal region of bright green mangrove forests in 2000, Pou said.
Before dredgers - licensed to politically connected Cambodian business people and often operated by Vietnamese firms - began plunging into the waters to extract sand from the bottom, Pou said they earned more than $50 a day fishing for crab from their small motorboat.
Now their daily income is less than $10, and they can no longer afford to send their children to school - complaints echoed by other villagers.
"There have been big changes in fish stocks here," said fisherman's wife Neak Sopheap.
Dredging machines and sand barges dump their waste directly into the river, fishermen say. They blame "sticky oil", which now covers their nets, for decimating the crab population.
"The land has been disappearing and some of the mangrove forests have collapsed," Sopheap said during an interview on the patio of their wooden home jutting into brackish water where a river flows into the sea.
Them neighbour, Ek Sophal, nodded in agreement as they mended a plastic fishing net.
"Families are borrowing a lot of money and going into debt because there isn't enough fish," Sophal said. "The government needs to stop this dredging."
Local media reported on Thursday the government had temporarily halted sand exports by companies that hold valid permits while officials investigate campaigners' allegations.
The Ministry of Mines and Energy did not respond to requests for further comment from the Thomson Reuters Foundation. It provided no details of how its investigation into sand mining would be carried out, nor when it would be concluded.
Government officials have previously said sand dredging is sustainable and can actually help local ecosystems by preventing landslips.
Travel support for this reporting was provided by OpenLandContracts.org, an initiative of the Columbia Center on Sustainable Investment.
(Reporting By Chris Arsenault; editing by Megan Rowling; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking and climate change. Visit news.trust.org)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)'s Google will face UK government officials next week to discuss the controversial Irish tax, and the company is also expected to be grilled on why its employees in Ireland receive lower salaries than their counterparts in London.
It has been revealed that Google pays its staff in London more than twice the average salary that is paid to its employees in Ireland. The average salary paid to the London staff is £160,000 while the average paid to those working in Ireland is £72,000. The disparity in the salaries has been viewed as unfair especially considering that the UK division in Ireland made sales worth £5.0 billion from advertising in 2015.
Google officials will, therefore, have to account for their relationship with the London Sales team, keeping in mind that the UK acquires its advertising solely from the Irish division. This is also in line with a statement made by Google's head of sales in the Europe, Matt Brittin, who stated that advertisers are encouraged to purchase advertising from the search group. However, they always acquire advertising from the team in Dublin.
The facts, therefore, raise a lot of questions as to why there is inequality in the salaries. The company's division in Ireland has three directors whose total salaries amounted to £1,265,000 in 2014. The team also registered sales worth £14bn in the same year, making up a third of the firm's total global sales.
The Ireland Division also believes that it is a global leader in technology, and its revenue is generated by giving cost efficient and relevant advertising. Mr. Brittin is expected to address the Public Accounts Committee on Thursday to discuss Google's tax matters. This is the third time the meeting will be held, and the MPs are particularly interested in finding out how the £130m tax settlement was arrived at with the HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) in January. The meeting seeks to terminate a tax dispute that has been in existence for the last ten years.
With Neymar finding themselves at the centre of a huge transfer wrangle between Barcelona and PSG, it would appear that the Brazil superstar is beginning to lose the support of their once-adoring public.
Reports and counter-reports continue to circulate about Neymar's prospective €222 million summer switch to Paris -- conjecture that is beginning to irritate Barça fans, who simply demand nothing short of unwavering loyalty from their players.
Barcelona fans have put up a poster outside Camp Nou with Neymar's photo and calling them a mercenary. They want them out of the club. pic.twitter.com/J7nuHFgU2z — Sán (@Zizouology) August 1, 2017
Indeed, a strongly-worded, homemade poster has been spotted on the streets of Barcelona, taped haphazardly to a lamppost.
"Wanted: Traitor," the poster reads, along with a picture of Neymar's face.
"Mercenaries out of Barcelona. Only players who love the shirt."
Looks like things are about to get ugly.
Story highlights Cheney says Obama should back off past criticism of the Bush anti-terror policies
Cheney says a strike that killed Anwar al-Awlaki shows Obama is embracing Bush tactics
Former Rep. Jane Harman says critiques of the Bush administration remain valid
critiques of the Bush administration remain valid Former CIA Director Michael Hayden says drone strikes are critical to al Qaeda fight
Former Vice President Dick Cheney praised the Obama administration Sunday for using a drone strike to kill American-born Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, but said President Barack Obama should now reverse past criticism of former President George W. Bush's actions against suspected terrorists.
Al-Awlaki -- an American whose fluency in English and technology made them one of the top terrorist recruiters in the world -- was killed Friday in Yemen, according to U.S. and Yemeni government officials.
The strike also killed Samir Khan, an American of Pakistani origin, and two others who were in the same vehicle as al-Awlaki, said the U.S. official, who was briefed by the CIA. Khan specialized in computer programming for al Qaeda and authored the terror network's online magazine, Inspire.
"I think it was a very good strike. I think it was justified," Cheney told CNN's Candy Crowley on "State of the Union." But "I'm waiting for the administration to go back and correct something they said two years ago when they criticized us for 'overreacting' to the events of 9/11."
The Obama administration has "clearly ... moved in the direction of taking robust action when they feel it is justified," Cheney said.
JUST WATCHED Cheney approves of al-Awlaki attack Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cheney approves of al-Awlaki attack 02:37
JUST WATCHED Cheneys: Iraq and 2012 GOP field Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cheneys: Iraq and 2012 GOP field 09:15
JUST WATCHED Getting to know Dick and Liz Cheney Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Getting to know Dick and Liz Cheney 03:39
Cheney's daughter, Liz Cheney, went a step further, saying Obama "in effect said that we had walked away from (America's) ideals."
"I think they did tremendous damage," Liz Cheney said. "I think they slandered the nation and I think they owe an apology to the American people."
When asked by Crowley if Dick Cheney also wants an apology, the former vice president replied, "Well, I would. I think that would be not for me, but I think for the Bush administration."
Republican critics of the administration claim it is hypocritical for Obama to approve the killing of Americans without due process while criticizing Bush officials for signing off on the use of so-called "enhanced interrogation techniques" such as waterboarding.
The use of such techniques has been banned by Obama.
Former Rep. Jane Harman, D-California, told CNN that they believe many of Obama's critiques of the Bush White House -- most notably its secrecy -- are valid.
"I don't think the Obama administration should be repeating" those mistakes, Harman said. "I think the debate about the legal grounds (for counterterrorism strategy) should be more in the open," they said. In particular, "we should have a legal framework around our interrogation and detention policies far more than we do now."
Harman, a former top member of the House Intelligence and Homeland Security committees, also cautioned about the need for strict guidelines in the use of drone strikes, which have increased under Obama's watch. Critics of drone strikes argue that they undermine the U.S. cause by killing innocent civilians, infringing on the sovereignty of other nations and generating sympathy for al Qaeda and other extremist organizations.
"We could abuse this program," Harman said. "We've got to have a counter-narrative (to dissuade potential terrorists). We've got to live our values."
Retired Gen. Michael Hayden, a former CIA director under George W. Bush, largely dismissed Harman's warning, telling CNN that critics of drone strikes "greatly exaggerate" their collateral damage.
The strikes are arguably the most critical weapon in the U.S. arsenal against al Qaeda, Hayden said.
The Trudeau government has cancelled a cabinet order by the previous Harper government that would have forced a Chinese electronics company to abandon its takeover of a Montreal-based high-tech firm because of concerns the deal could harm national security.
Instead, in a decision that suggests a different approach to Chinese investment, the Liberal government has said federal officials will undertake a "fresh review" of this transaction.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has made deepening trade relations with China and striking a free-trade deal with Beijing key foreign-policy objectives for their government.
Story continues below advertisement
Their government declined to explain Ottawa's reversal of the divestment order when asked about it Monday, citing national security and commercial confidentiality.
ITF Technologies, formerly Avensys, of Montreal is a leader in "fibre-laser" technology that is used in telecommunications, data communications and industrial applications. Its website mentions military applications for some of its products but does not elaborate.
In July, 2015, the former Conservative government ordered an unwinding of the firm's acquisition by Hong Kong-based O-Net Communications. It came five months after Ottawa initially announced approval for the transaction.
The reason cited by the government was that it had decided the investment "would be injurious to national security," O-Net Communications said in its appeal of the decision to Canada's Federal Court.
In early November, 2016, the Liberal government quietly answered this appeal. In a court filing, Ottawa agreed to set aside the Harper cabinet order and ask Industry Minister Navdeep Bains to conduct a new review of the transaction.
The Conservative government did not elaborate on its concerns about O-Net's takeover before it lost power in the fall of 2015 and former Tory ministers told The Globe they are bound by confidentiality commitments and cannot discuss it.
Ownership may have been a factor. A corporation presentation prepared by O-Net in 2015 suggests that more than 25 per cent of its shares are owned by a company that is a subsidiary of Chinese state-owned China Electronics Corporation.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The Tories, now in opposition, are calling the reversal of the O-Net divestment order a bad idea.
"It's certainly in line with [the Liberals'] rush to please the Chinese at every level and to encourage Chinese investment," Conservative foreign-affairs critic Peter Kent said Monday. They accused the Liberals of undoing "a pretty important divestment order by our government" without adequate due diligence.
Mr. Kent said O-Net's connection to a state-owned company is cause for worry, especially in light of "the Chinese drive to militarize the South China Sea" and the high-tech products that ITF makes.
Sandy Walker, a Dentons LLP lawyer who is a specialist in the Investment Canada Act, said Ottawa's decision to set aside the cabinet order and undertake a new review was surprising.
"[With] national security, we've always regarded the government as having very broad discretion here. So it was an interesting development."
Ms. Walker cautioned that the public is not privy to all the information that underlies the government's decision.
Story continues below advertisement
O-Net had argued in its application that the government in 2015 did not provide the company with "any consequential details or insight" to back up its national-security concerns and did not offer the firm an opportunity to respond.
It also said the deal does not represent a risk for Canada. "ITF … does not own any technologies that could be transferred to O-Net Communications that are not readily available in the marketplace," the company said in a court filing.
It said it acquired the ITF assets through an auction after the bankruptcy of its previous owner. "There were no Canadian investors or investors from anywhere in North America that were willing to invest in ITF."
A federal lawyer wrote in a November court filing that Ottawa accepted at least parts of the Chinese company's argument, singling out the lack of explanation given to O-Net and the fact it was denied "meaningful opportunity to respond."
The Liberal government declined to explain Ottawa's about-face on the divestment order. Pauline Tam, a spokesperson for Mr. Bains, referred questions to the department of Innovation, Science and Economic Development. The department declined to comment on the case.
"The law limits the amount of detail that can be disclosed about specific cases. These limits are important to prevent commercial harm and to protect national security," Hans Parmar, an Innovation spokesperson said.
The Three Musketeers is a 1993 Austrian-American action-adventure comedy film from Walt Disney Pictures, Caravan Pictures, and The Kerner Entertainment Company, directed by Stephen Herek from a screenplay by David Loughery. It stars Charlie Sheen, Kiefer Sutherland, Chris O'Donnell, Oliver Platt, Tim Curry, and Rebecca De Mornay.[2]
The film is loosely based on the novel The Three Musketeers (Les Trois Mousquetaires) by Alexandre Dumas. It recounts the adventures of d'Artagnan on their quest to join the three title characters in becoming a musketeer. However, this adaptation simplifies and alters the story.
Plot summary [ edit ]
In 1625, young-but-skilled fencer d'Artagnan sets off for Paris, France in hopes to follow in their murdered father's footsteps and become a member of the musketeers: the personal guard of the King of France.  They are pursued by Gérard and their brothers, accused of blemishing their sister's honor. Unfortunately, Captain Rochefort of the Cardinal's Guards has disbanded the musketeers per the orders of Cardinal Richelieu, the King's Minister, ostensibly to help fight in an impending war with England. Rochefort informs Richelieu that three musketeers refused to relinquish their duties: Athos, Porthos, and Aramis.
In Paris, d'Artagnan “rescues” the queen's handmaidens from their own bodyguards, and after a scolding, takes a liking to one, Constance. In the city d'Artagnan has a series of physical encounters with the Three Musketeers, though they don't know they are musketeers, resulting in a duel with each. At the Ruins, Athos, Porthos and Aramis reveal themselves as musketeers to d'Artagnan's surprise. Before they can duel, a Captain of the Cardinal's Guard arrives to arrest the musketeers with five other cardinal's guards; although d'Artagnan is not under arrest, they ally with the musketeers during the skirmish. The Musketeers kill four guards, while d'Artagnan accidentally hurls the Captain of the Guard down a huge cliff. Impressed but displeased at d'Artagnan's involvement, the musketeers leave d'Artagnan behind after encouraging them to flee and maintain their innocence. When more of the Cardinal's Guards arrive, d'Artagnan is captured.
d'Artagnan eavesdrops on a conversation between Richelieu and the mysterious Milady de Winter whereupon they task them with delivering a signed treaty to England's Duke of Buckingham. d'Artagnan is unable to see their face before being caught by Rochefort; Richelieu orders them executed for refusing to give up the musketeers' location, but they are saved by the musketeers. As they flee, d'Artagnan reveals Richelieu's plans; they decide to find the spy and get the treaty to prove Richelieu's guilt.
During a skirmish, the party splits up; d'Artagnan rides ahead to intercept the spy, but passes out from exhaustion. They wake in a bed stripped of their weapons and clothes as Milady de Winter tries to seduce him. d'Artagnan speaks freely of their plans, not knowing they are the spy, and they seduce them to kiss them They try to kill him, but they convince them to keep them alive. As their party tries to escape by boat to England, they are confronted by the musketeers. Milady attempts to run away but is stopped by Athos, who calls them Sabine; they had been lovers, but they regretfully betrayed them to the authorities when they found out they were branded for execution. The musketeers retrieve the treaty and Sabine is sentenced to beheading for killing their first husband, Lord de Winter; just before they are executed, Athos begs their forgiveness. Moved, they reveal the Cardinal's plans to assassinate the king at their birthday celebration before throwing themselves off a cliff to their death.
Athos, Porthos and Aramis send missives to rally the rest of the musketeers. Richelieu and Rochefort hired a sharpshooter; during the assembly, d'Artagnan makes the sniper's shot go wide, narrowly missing the king. Richelieu deflects blame to the three musketeers in the crowd for the attempted assassination.
As the three face off with the Cardinal's guards, men rush to their sides and reveal themselves as musketeers. The two forces battle as Richelieu takes the king and queen hostage, shooting Aramis in the chest before fleeing to the dungeon with Athos and Porthos in pursuit. d'Artagnan duels Rochefort and is disarmed; as Rochefort gloats about having killed d'Artagnan's father, Constance passes their sword back and d'Artagnan promptly kills Rochefort.
Athos and Porthos arrive just as Richelieu's boat leaves on an underground river. Although their plans are foiled, Richelieu claims they will be back. The boatman then reveals themselves as Aramis, their crucifix having stopped the bullet. Aramis attempts to apprehend the Cardinal, but King Louis stops them to punch Richelieu himself, knocking them into the river.
The musketeers are reinstated by the king, and d'Artagnan is offered anything they want; they choose to serve Louis as a musketeer. Outside the musketeer headquarters, Gérard and their brothers arrive and challenge d'Artagnan to a duel; Porthos reminds them that musketeers not only protect King and country, but also each other. Gérard and their brothers are then chased off by the entire musketeer division.
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Charlie Sheen was originally sought for the role of Porthos before they were cast as Aramis. Kiefer Sutherland, Chris O'Donnell and Oliver Platt all endured six weeks of fencing and riding lessons. Sheen missed this training as they were still filming Hot Shots! Part Deux. Brad Pitt and Stephen Dorff turned down the role of d'Artagnan, which ultimately went to O'Donnell. William Baldwin, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Al Pacino, Johnny Depp, Cary Elwes and Gary Oldman were also sought out by Disney for parts in the film. Winona Ryder was considered for the role of Milady de Winter, but dropped out and Rebecca De Mornay was cast. The Three Musketeers was mostly shot in Perchtoldsdorf, Austria, where De Mornay attended high school and college. A rival TriStar version was also in development at the same time as this film, with Depp and director Jeremiah S. Chechik attached. Ultimately, it fell through. Oliver Platt had also been approached to play Porthos in that version as well.[3]
Filming locations [ edit ]
Filming locations included Charlestown, Cornwall, UK, and Castle Landsee (Burgenland); Burg Liechtenstein, Maria Enzersdorf, Hinterbrühl, Korneuburg (Lower Austria); and Vienna (particularly Hofburg) in Austria. Some sequences were shot in Cornwall, UK. A small woods called Golitha Falls was used in one sequence when the musketeers are being pursued by guards. The small harbor village of Charlestown is home to the galleon that was used in a night-shoot.[3]
Reception [ edit ]
Film critic Leonard Maltin christened this version Young Swords, as it reunited Sheen and Sutherland, both of Young Guns fame. Janet Maslin of The New York Times described the movie as "Conceived frankly as a product, complete with hit-to-be theme song over the closing credits, this adventure film cares less about storytelling than about keeping the Musketeers' feathered hats on straight whenever they go galloping."[4]
The film received a generally negative reception from critics but a more mixed reception from the general public. The Rotten Tomatoes website gives only a 31% rating,[3][5][6][7] but on the IMDb website it holds a more favorable 6.4/10 and on Amazon.com it currently holds a rating of 4.3/5.
Chris O'Donnell was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award as Worst Supporting Actor for their work in the film, but lost to Woody Harrelson for Indecent Proposal.
Box office [ edit ]
The film grossed $11.5 million for the Friday to Sunday weekend, placing it at number 1 at the box office.[3]
Soundtrack [ edit ]
Bryan Adams co-wrote "All for Love" with Robert John "Mutt" Lange and Michael Kamen for the movie's end credits, performing it with Rod Stewart and Sting. As Janet Maslin predicted, the song was a big hit (reaching #1 in North America and several other territories). Kamen also composed the movie's score,[8] conducting the Greater Los Angeles All Star Orchestra.
The soundtrack album was released on compact disc and cassette on November 12, 1993 by Hollywood Records in North America and A&M Records (the label to which both Adams and Sting were signed at the time) elsewhere.
All For Love – Bryan Adams, Rod Stewart & Sting (4:45) The Cavern Of Cardinal Richelieu (Overture & Passacaille) (2:58) D'Artagnan (Galliard & Air) (3:19) Athos, Porthos And Aramis (Courante) (5:24) Sword Fight (Bransle) (3:20) King Louis XIII, Queen Anne And Constance/Lady In Waiting (Gavotte) (5:05) The Cardinal's Coach (Estampie) (4:45) Cannonballs (Rigadoon) (3:29) M'Lady DeWinter (Lament) (4:16) The Fourth Musketeer (Concert Royaux) (5:19)
Comic book adaptation [ edit ]
‘Heaping Up Its Own Funeral Pyre': Britain, Islamic Terror, and the Cult of Pacifism
Fail, and that history turns into rubbish,
All that great past to trouble of fools.
—­ W.B. Yeats, Three Marching Songs
In 1937 the great Anglo-Irish poet William Butler Yeats was visited by a professor from India who, after lengthy discussion over lunch, requested a message to their country. ‘Let ten thousand men of one side meet the other. That is my message to India,' replied Yeats, who then seized a Japanese sword and shouted, ‘Conflict, more conflict!' To twenty-first-century ears, the message might seem bizarre, and may even have jarred the constitution of Yeats's visitor. It was rooted, however, in the context of the poet's Romantic and nationalistic belief system — a belief system in which conflict was both natural and good, and essential to the prevention of tribal decay, pollution, and decadence.
We are now, of course, far removed from such an understanding. It has been exiled from artistic and political expression, and driven from instinct by a weak and perverted culture. In the present, to be angry is ‘to let your enemy win.' To hate is to commit the most grievous of sins of personality. To assert yourself and your interests is to perpetrate a pathological level of selfishness. Yeats would be repulsed. They would have understood that whereas conflict offers at least the opportunity for victory, and thus assumes a heroic quality, the pacifism currently inculcated in the West offers only ignoble defeat and death.
The Yeats anecdote recurred to me in the early hours of the morning as I cast my eyes over emerging media commentary on the latest jihadist attack in London. With depressing regularity the mainstream media, politicians, and cultural personalities ascended into the airwaves like insects disturbed from a nest, all carrying the same poison. To be sure, no-one dared express surprise at the latest Muslim atrocity — we are, perhaps fortunately, getting to the point where that particular affront has exhausted its viability, although faux expressions of ‘shock' continue to reverberate. Instead, the narrative advanced by these elites was based around the idea that terrorism “should not divide us.” Quite apart from the fact that a multicultural society means that there is no longer any ‘us,' and the fact that terrorism aims to terrorise rather than ‘divide' a population, the statement itself should be read as containing a subliminal message: “Do nothing.” It is an enjoinder to pacifism — to surrender.
There is nothing noble about refusing to be moved or motivated by terrorism. If a man broke into my home and assaulted my family I am not made heroic by standing in the corner and pretending that nothing has happened or pretending we're brothers after all. In the last twenty-four hours social media has been awash with liberals appealing to images of British stoicism during the Blitz of the Second World War. Such allusions are flawed for two reasons, the first being that the stoical, ‘stiff upper lip' Blitz narrative is nothing more than a myth and a cultural trope. The late British historian Angus Calder's masterpiece, The Myth of the Blitz, clearly demonstrated that far from showing the British at their finest hour, the Blitz disrupted the lives and broke the will of the vast majority of Londoners, causing a quarter of the population to flee to the countryside. And rather than encouraging national solidarity, both Winston Churchill and the Royal Family were booed while touring the aftermath of air-raids. If the aim of the German air raids was to instill genuine terror, weaken morale, and disrupt the life of the city, it largely succeeded in these goals. And if contemporary Britons believe that they can survive Islamic terror by appealing to a fictional ‘Blitz spirit,' then they are horribly mistaken.
Read the rest of Andrew Joyce's article at The Occidental Observer
Emily, Alex and Rishi, all post-9/11 veterans, prepare to talk to students about military recruitment and their experiences in the Army and Marine Corps, at the Pittsburg High School career fair on May 25. (Credit: Siri Margerin)
Truthout is your hub for thought-provoking, conversation-sparking stories. Support independent journalism by making a small, tax-deductible donation today!
“Excuse me, are you saying negative things about the military?”
The question came over my right shoulder, from a well-dressed woman whose nametag proclaimed them to be a member of the Chamber of Commerce in Pittsburg, California. We were in the Pittsburg High School gymnasium, the location of an end-of-year career fair for graduating seniors. Two other veterans and I, along with a civilian friend, were tabling there with the Full Picture Coalition, a network of individuals dedicated to bringing students the truth about military recruitment, and we'd been conversing with students for nearly two hours before the woman interrupted us to demand, with eyes narrowed, what kind of negativity we might be spreading. Alex, one of the veterans in our group (and a former Army recruiter himself), smiled at them
“We're just telling the students about our experience, ma'am,” they said. “We're veterans.”
Another woman, also from the Pittsburg Chamber, approached. I recognized them as the one who'd shown us where to set up our table that morning.
“I thought you were here to tell students about corporate jobs they could get after the military,” they snapped, glaring at our display of colorful pamphlets and flyers, including one titled “Questions to Ask Your Military Recruiter.” “I think you need to leave.”
How the Army Recruited Me
Three months after September 11, 2001, an Army recruiter called me at home. I was 19, about to finish my first semester of community college in upstate New York, and Sergeant Brown caught me at the right time: I had just found out my federal financial aid application had been denied. When Sergeant Brown asked me what I was studying in school, I sighed and told him, “Journalism … eventually.” Their enthusiastic response: “I can get you a journalism job in the Army!”
I was one of the lucky ones — my recruiter never promised me I wouldn't see combat. Yet that was a common tactic, as others I met would tell me.
It wasn't a direct lie, per se. The job they got me in the Army was indeed titled “Print Journalist,” and it would entail constructing content that looked, to the untrained eye, exactly like news. But the job also had a second title, and although it didn't seem strange to my 19-year-old mind at the time, over the course of my six years in the military, I would come to scorn the idea that a “journalist” and a “public affairs specialist” could be one and the same. Far from being a conveyor of factual information, I was trained to be a spinner of truthy tales, molding command information into the reassuring shape of news articles and photo essays, leaving out any bits that could reflect poorly on the Army and its mission.
Whether or not my recruiter could define the difference between journalism and public affairs, they could easily assess that their ability to successfully recruit me depended on getting me the job I wanted — or at least, the job I thought I wanted. It didn't matter to their quota whether I realized, once enlisted, that I'd signed up for a job that would profoundly abuse my mind. Once I had shipped off to basic training, all the things he'd told me would vanish into the ether, along with any sense of personal responsibility on their part. They had carte blanche to say whatever they needed to say to keep me committed to joining the military, and after I was in, their work was done.
I was one of the lucky ones — my recruiter never promised me I wouldn't see combat, or that I could be stationed anywhere I wanted, or that I could get out of my contract any time if I didn't like what I'd signed up for. They did promise I'd get to go to airborne school and jump out of planes, and that it would be added to my contract after basic training — a line that got some laughs from the drill sergeants when I told them about it — but that's nothing compared to guaranteeing a soldier they'll stay out of war. Yet that was a common tactic, as others I met would tell me.
Warning High School Students About Recruiters' Lies
The deceptive claims made by my recruiter were part of my motivation to visit high schools in lower-income towns and help educate students about the particular ways they might be misled by the recruiters in their schools' hallways. These students in particular are heavily relied upon to feed the military all the “volunteers” it needs — as many recruiters attest, it's much easier to enlist young people who really need all the benefits the military offers them. All services require recruiters to meet a monthly quota of new enlistees. In order to meet their quotas, recruiters use all the resources at their disposal (to include an annual recruitment budget upward of $1 billion) to make the military look like the most attractive option available to high schoolers. In schools where most students are unlikely to be able to afford college, the promise of “free” tuition often does the trick.
My initial active-duty contract was for five years — the amount of time my recruiter said I needed to enlist for in order to get the “journalism” job he'd promised.
But is the tuition really free? Are any of the benefits of military service truly free? Well, in order to receive the benefits offered, a person must serve in the military until their contract is completed, and leave the service with either an honorable or medical discharge. If they get out early, they need to have served at least two-thirds of their contract in order to access education benefits. Seems simple — until it isn't.
When we enlist, we're given the option of choosing how long we'd like our initial contract to be — usually three to five years. This gives us the impression that after those three to five years are done, our contract will be completed. But in the contract's fine print, if we read it carefully and understand it (which most of us don't), it specifies that every service member is obligated to serve the needs of the military for a minimum of eight years. The three to five years we sign up for are the “active” service years, and the rest of the eight are spent in the Inactive Ready Reserve, meaning that any time within those eight years, even if service members have been discharged, they can be called back to serve on active duty if needed. Recruiters never seem to bring this up.
My initial active-duty contract was for five years — the amount of time my recruiter said I needed to enlist for in order to get the “journalism” job he'd promised. After four-and-a-half years, with one year-long Iraq deployment under my belt, I was more than ready to get out. The problem was, the US was still at war — and the Army was understaffed. To help mitigate the problem, a policy called “stop-loss” had gone into effect. This allowed the military to indefinitely extend the contract of anyone it deemed necessary to the mission, and that, to my dismay, included me. So instead of getting off active duty in June 2007 as planned, I was kept in, and deployed again to Iraq in March 2007, this time for “12 to 18 months.”
The Danger of Post-Traumatic Stress
The first deployment had been challenging, but expected — even embraced, as I felt I was finally going to get to report on the war. But after a year of churning out one positive story after another while surrounded by nothing resembling positivity, my disillusionment was at an all-time high, and all I wanted — desperately — was to get out and move on with my life, which was a mess after a year in Baghdad and less than a year back home. The second deployment was unexpected, and those 14 months I spent in Baghdad were some of the most challenging. The constantly incoming rockets and mortars that kept exploding on our base were the least of my worries — physically, I was in decent shape, but mentally, I came undone. My marriage (to a fellow soldier I'd met in our shared barracks), which had barely remained intact after my first deployment, fell apart entirely. My supervisors were deceptive, my job was to deceive and my chosen methods of coping (secretly acquiring alcohol and consuming it in vast quantities while engaging in ill-advised affairs) were destructive. A few weeks before going home, I was sexually assaulted by two fellow soldiers I'd thought of as friends, but kept it quiet because I knew there was no way to prove it. I became dependent on Ambien, generously prescribed by the headquarters doctor, to help me sleep. I trusted no one.
By the time I finally got out of the military, six years after enlisting, I hardly had a clue which way was up.
By the time I finally got out of the military, six years after enlisting, I hardly had a clue which way was up. To make matters worse, I'd only had three weeks to get all my out-processing done after getting back from Iraq, due to the stop-loss policy's having extended my contract so long that it threatened to overlap with my accrued days of leave. That meant less than a month after returning from Baghdad, I was entirely on my own, for the first time in my adult life. It would be three years before my post-traumatic stress was diagnosed, but in the interim, its symptoms ruled my life. I drove around the country alone and aimlessly, feeling isolated with my battle buddies few and far between, and drank excessively in an attempt to feel comfortable with my new civilian friends, who had no idea what was going on in Iraq. Far from being proud of my military service, I felt ashamed of it — it had been my job to help make it look like we were winning the war, an act I felt was neither noble nor honorable, despite what my discharge paperwork said.
I felt like my youth had been misspent, my mind broken and my good intentions abused. I was angry at the military and angry with myself for getting sucked into it. I was angry with my civilian friends for being so far removed from the wars that they didn't ask about my experience and seemed to expect me to be fine — but I wasn't fine. I'd been trained as a soldier, but hated mindless aggression. I'd been trained in the technical skills of journalism, but I no longer wanted to be a journalist, as I'd become convinced that to do so was to be forcibly biased. I'd been trained in the technical skills of public relations, but was in no shape to work a job that required tact. I swung back and forth between disgruntled and depressed, distracting myself with as much festive debauchery as I could find. It wasn't until I was introduced to a group called Iraq Veterans Against the War that I found a community of other veterans who felt as angry as I did, and through them, found a way to channel my anger into action. With Iraq Veterans Against the War and its civilian allies, I began working to inform others about the inhumane wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and to organize against them.
To help myself heal from this moral injury and trauma, I was compelled to go to the youth and tell them what their recruiters never would — that the benefits of military service are never free.
Eventually, I did access my education benefits — I went back to school to study the Middle East, and the history of US involvement there. I earned my bachelor's degree, 12 years after enlisting on a five-year contract that lasted six years, during which I was physically and psychologically abused by those I was told to trust. I got my “free” college, after two deployments to a country that should never have been invaded, after years of volunteer work to overcome the shame of my job: intentionally misleading my fellow soldiers about the nature of the war.
The “Benefits” of Military Service Are Never Free
To help myself heal from this moral injury and trauma, I committed to helping young people understand just what they were getting into when they joined the military for all those “free” benefits — because I'd been one of the lucky ones, who made it home alive, with all my limbs and many of my faculties intact.
I felt I owed this service to those who didn't have the same luck, who couldn't come back and tell anyone about what they'd been through because they were dead or drunk or disabled or struggling to survive. For those whose post-traumatic stress led to behavior that got them kicked out of the military rather than treated for their trauma; who ended up with dishonorable or bad-conduct discharges that led to the revocation of their benefits; who killed themselves rather than face a lifetime of pain and alienation, I was compelled to go to the youth and tell them what their recruiters never would — that the benefits of military service are never free. We pay the price for the rest of our lives.
The women from the Pittsburg Chamber of Commerce couldn't know that, though, and they didn't want to know. They stood over us with arms crossed as we packed up our table. One of them repeatedly insisted that their husband had been in the military, and he'd been fine, and now their daughter had just enlisted.
“I hope they don't get raped,” I replied with too much anger, the indignant anger I'd been struggling to overcome for years, but which still surfaced when prodded by willful ignorance such as this. It was clear they were uninterested in hearing anything “negative” about the military, no matter how appreciative the students were of our efforts to bring them a few morsels of truth. Their denial was deep and untouchable. As we left the building, I looked back at the military recruiters standing at their tables in the front, and I saw them smirk. They would meet their quota. I felt the rage bubble up in my chest, and with it, the understanding that my work would never be done. But I was one of the lucky ones.
8th March, 2016 by Amy Hopkins
Beam Suntory has launched a new bottle design for Teacher's Highland Cream in international markets as part of a bid to “modernise the brand”.
Created in collaboration with glassmaker O-1 and Australian agency Landor, the design is currently rolling out across markets including the UK and India.
“Our new packaging will reinforce Teacher's leadership position in key markets like India and Brazil, support its premium Scotch whisky credentials and extend its appeal to more international legal-age consumers,” said Julie Pender, international marketing manager, Scotch, Irish and Japanese whisky at Beam Suntory.
“We believe the new packaging will be received positively by consumers who are just starting to experiment with Scotch; they have tried other whiskies and are looking for a more premium choice.”
The design features a “slimmer, more streamlined profile” with a new Scottish thistle design embossed above the label to “emphasise the Scottish provenance of Teacher's”.
The thick black bar at the bottom of the previous bottle's label has been replaced with a gold panel.
Teacher's Highland Cream is one of the world's best-selling blended Scotch whiskies, shifting 2m nine-litre cases in 2014 (Brand Champions data).
Donald Trump has begun an all-out purge of the government's mechanisms set up to protect civil rights, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions is a major force behind it. But this is nothing new — rather, it is a long-standing action item for the conservative movement and the Republican Party.
The Trump administration has begun a purge of government offices designed to promote civil rights, once again proving their lip service to the cause is just hollow rhetoric.
Most recently, Trump has targeted the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, the division within the Labor Department tasked with policing discrimination among federal contractors, for elimination. The office has operated for four decades.
In response to a story about the plan, White House spokesperson Kelly Love told the Washington Post, “The Trump administration has an unwavering commitment to the civil rights of all Americans.”
But those words are proven meaningless when the actions of the administration are examined closely.
In addition to the attack on the Labor Department, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who has a history of racial animus, ordered a review of police reform activities, aimed at curtailing or completely throwing out agreements put in place to repeal discriminatory practices that have been used by many police departments.
Sessions also reversed the Department of Justice's position on voter ID, withdrawing support for a lawsuit challenging the policy as discriminatory towards minorities. The judge in the case later found that the voter ID law in Texas was racially discriminatory.
The Trump budget calls for steep cuts to the Education Department's Office of Civil Rights. The office investigates thousands of allegations about discrimination at colleges, and sets the standard for how schools respond to allegations of sexual assault and harassment. And the Department of Housing and Urban Development revoked a rule that would help transgender people stay at sex-segregated shelters, while the Department of Health and Human Services removed questions about sexual orientation from surveys of older Americans.
Trump also had the Department of Education withdraw support for federal protections for transgender students using the restroom in public schools.
The net effect is a multi-pronged attack on civil rights, and on the federal government's decades-long backing of that cause which began in the wake of the 1960s civil rights movement.
But these actions are nothing new — they are starkly similar to those the conservative movement and the Republican Party have previously advocated. Once again, it is clear that the Trump agenda is just a ramped-up version of the same old conservative agenda promoted for years by Republicans at all levels.
France is considering a new law that fines men on-the-spot for catcalling and other forms of street harassment.
France's gender equality minister Marlène Schiappa announced plans on Monday (Oct 16) to set up a task force made up of politicians, police officers, and court officials to clearly define the sort of behavior that constitutes sexual harassment. Schiappa had also launched a citizen's consultation over the proposed legislation. The French bill will be voted on by MPs next year.
“The point is that the whole of society has to redefine what it will accept and what it will not,” Schiappa told La Croix (link in French), a Catholic newspaper.
Schiappa's announcement comes amid intense debate on sexual harassment and assault. After reams of women stepped forward to recount being sexual harassed by Hollywood heavy hitter Harvey Weinstein, French radio journalist Sandra Muller urged French women to #balancetonporc (squeal on your pig) on Twitter and publicly shame their attackers. The hashtag topped French Twitter's trending list last weekend. This added force to the global #metoo campaign, in which women share their everyday experiences of sexual harassment and assault.
Speaking to RTL (link in French), Schiappa said the French bill was “completely necessary because at the moment street harassment is not defined in the law… We can't currently make a complaint.” The bill will also tackle sexual assaults on children, establishing a clear age for consent, after a court in Paris shockingly ruled that an 11-year-old girl had consented to sex (paywall) with a 28-year-old.
France's first lady Brigitte Macron chimed in this week, urging women to “break the silence” about abusive men. “I think that all this (harassment) must stop very quickly. Freeing up speech is the best thing that could happen. (Those who speak out) are very brave to do so. I urge them to break their silence. It's wonderful. Something is happening, really,” they said after attending Les Chatouilles (Tickling), a one-woman play by Andréa Bescond at a Paris theatre. Macron had attended the play with justice minister Nicole Belloubet and gender equality minister Marlène Schiappa.
President Emmanuel Macron said last Sunday (Oct 12) that they would be stripping Weinstein of the prestigious Legion D'Honneur award, which they were granted by former president Nicolas Sarkozy in 2012.
During the speech, the JI chief also said that the Kashmir issue will not be resolved by “bus diplomacy” or “fankar [artistes] diplomacy”. They said that while the Indian government was obviously a major hurdle in the independence of Kashmiris, the policies of the Government of Pakistan were also not helping. They said that the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif should set out a “clear policy” on the Kashmir issue and that their party would ally itself with only that party which had a clear Kashmir policy.
The JI chief said that India could never be Pakistan's friends and that anyone who wanted to be friends with it should go to Mumbai. They also said that Pakistan's rulers were deaf, dumb and blind to the sacrifices of Kashmiris.
Comments
comments
She's Star Wars' most famous ship and has inspired countless people, but not many know about the creation of the Millennium Falcon. Fortunately we were able to take a dive into the excellent Star Wars Technical Journal (a must-have for fans of the ship and devices from the universe) to figure out just what makes them tick. And creak. And fail to start when it needs to.
And yes, we know the Technical Journal may no longer be canon now that the Expanded Universe has been relegated to "Legends" status, but we're betting a lot of this stuff will hold up for Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
So here are 12 Facts You Didn't Know About the Millennium Falcon.
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view 7.2K Shares Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
12 She's actually a cargo vessel
If they don't look like a fast ship, that's by design. The Millennium Falcon is actually a YT-1300 cargo vessel, a Corellian Engineering Corporation freighter that was designed to lug around cargo. It was one of the most popular space vessels ever produced (interesting when you think about how you haven't seen any others...) and smugglers liked it because it was durable and completely customizable. Han Solo and Chewbacca, of course, took this to the next level by heavily (and illegally) modifying nearly every part of the ship, installing all sorts of unlicensed and highly dangerous components to make for a ship that's as unassuming as it is powerful.
Luke famously said “What a piece of junk!” when they first laid eyes on her, but that's entirely on purpose.
11 That giant radar dish allows them to sidestep fights
It may look unwieldy, but that massive radar dish jutting out from the top of the Falcon has a purpose. Solo likes to say that they never ran from a fight where the odds weren't even or better, but the truth is that it was sometimes better to avoid them altogether. That's the reason they installed this dish. It's huge for a ship this size and both it and its hardware allows them to spot unfriendly vessels minutes before they knew the Falcon was there, letting them change their course and stay undetected.
Of course, it's so big it almost made the vessel crash during its flight through the new Death Star, but it seems as if it's so handy that, if the Force Awakens teasers are any indication, a new, smaller model was built soon after.
10 She's fast. Really fast.
Yes, yes, we all know that the ship completed the infamous Kessel run with the fastest time ever recorded, certainly Solo's greatest claim to fame when they first meet up with young Luke Skywalker in A New Hope. That race required ships to deliver loads of substances to moving trade ships, getting all the deliveries in before the vessels crossed into Imperial Space, and the Falcon came in out of nowhere to shatter the record.
That's mostly because the Falcon's improved hyperdrive system allows them to go beyond hyperspeed, making for one of the fastest non-Imperial vessels in use, one that's twice as fast as any Imperial warships. With this increase in speed, Solo and Chewbacca had to implement a much more advanced navicomputer than standard YT-1300s. Say what you want about their hodge-podge of parts but the hyperspeed works really, really well (when it works at all).
9 The Falcon requires a ton of repairs
All of these modifications come at a price. They haven't been professionally installed and, while Solo and Chewbacca generally have a handle on things, the huge amounts of unlicensed components have made for a ship that's almost constantly under maintenance.
Solo regards this as worth it- if you want the speed, you have to work for it. After all, the Falcon's saved their skin on more than a couple of occasions. The one thing she's really good for is distance, as the four fuel slug tanks installed in the ship's power core give them extended range and only require a refueling about once a month.
8 Chewbacca requested the holographic game table
The main cargo hold is fitted with a lounge that features a holographic game table, one that was installed at Chewbacca's request. While their performance in Dejarik (the game they play during the events of A New Hope) against R2D2 might suggest otherwise, Chewbacca was a champion of the game in their home planet of Kashyyyk. Since they were cooped up together more often than not, Chewbacca tried to teach Solo how to play and win but they never are able to handle it.
Well, either that or they didn't want to endure Chewie's ire after they lost.
7 Solo won the Millennium Falcon by tricking Lando Calrissian in a card game
One game that Solo is good at is Sabacc. A popular card game with lots of chances for betting, Solo was so good at Sabacc that they entered the Cloud City Sabacc Tournament and proceeded to best over a hundred competitors. Five qualifiers made it to the final game but they were soon whittled down until Solo was going head-to-head against Lando Calrissian. After losing all their credits in the last hand, Calrissian bet any one of the ships on their lot to Solo. Solo won the hand and took them at their word, picking the Millennium Falcon - Calrissian's personal ship! - for their prize. Calrissian protested, saying that it wasn't part of the deal, but Solo pointed out that it was technically on their lot, and Calrissian had to concede.
It was only fitting, as Calrissian had acquired the Falcon in a game of Sabacc themselves from a gambler that couldn't cover their debt.
6 Jedi used to own the Falcon. Maybe.
The Falcon's ownership history is unknown, mostly because the ship's identiplate was removed long ago to aid Solo's smuggling efforts. There's no documentation to prove anything else but there are plenty of rumors that claim that the vessel was both owned and used secretly by members of the Jedi before Palpatine came into power. It would be an ironic turn of events that saw it being returned to battle against the Empire years later.
Now, the mystery of ownership is not the case in the Extended Universe, which of course is now considered non-canon. There, a whole history has been mapped out that reveals the ship set records in runs (how, without the modifications?) and was eventually renamed the Stellar Envoy, taking part in the Clone Wars in the hands of the Jedi.
5 They fought the Borg
It's a crossover no one expected, but when the world was in danger, the Millennium Falcon came to its aid. If you look closely during the attack on the massive Borg cube during Star Trek: First Contact you can see a familiar shape fighting alongside Starfleet. No word on if Solo and Chewbacca where at its helm, however.
It's very very small but if you zoom in on the screen you can actually see it in several shots. This was the handiwork of one John Knoll, an ILM visual effects supervisor who worked on First Contact after doing the Star Wars special editions and, yes, this is the brand new digital model of the Falcon.
4 They were directly responsible for Firefly
Without the Millennium Falcon, there would be no Firefly. It might seem like an obvious inspiration, being that Joss Whedon's cult classic show featured a group of ruffians and smugglers flying around space with a cobbled-together ship (here, the Serenity) with plenty of personality. Whedon themselves has stated many times that the Falcon was a direct influence on the style of their short-lived show. After all, it basically is Han Solo: The Series, showing what happens when a bunch of smugglers keep getting in over their head.
The one main difference between both ships is that the Serenity is basically weaponless, whereas the Falcon has quite a nice arsenal of blaster cannons and concussion missiles ready for combat.
3 The sound of the ship is just a jet airline
True to the Millennium Falcon's history the plane it takes its sound effects from is quite unassuming, the McDonnell Douglas DC-9. That plane was manufactured in 1965 as a twin-engine, single-aisle jet airliner that only seated 80-135 passengers. Built for medium distance commuter flights it's hardly the place you'd expect to hear otherworldly sounds coming out of.
The trick? That iconic engine sound is actually two engines in one, with each engine sound played slightly out of sync. That little detail makes a futuristic sound out of what's otherwise a pretty standard jet engine sound. There's a reason why one of the few sounds effects you heard in the teaser for The Force Awakens was that of the Falcon's engine: few others are as instantly recognizable.
2 It's the most popular Lego set
Star Wars and LEGO go together like nothing else, and it should be no surprise that of all the hundreds of LEGO sets available on Amazon, the Millennium Falcon is #1. This latest version is straight out of Star Wars: The Force Awakens, and for $149.99 the 1,329-piece kit comes with seven mini-figs (including a little BB-8) and weighs five pounds. It's definitely the kind of thing you'll build to display in your home or office.
Note that this isn't the out-of-print Ultimate Collector's Millennium Falcon, which was released in 2007. That 5,196 piece monstrosity (the biggest of all time upon its release) is very much out of print and goes for thousands of dollars on secondary markets.
1 The Millennium Falcon was designed last minute after Lucas ate a hamburger
IMAGE SOURCE
ILM referred to this classic ship as "the Pork Burger" internally because it was said to be based on a half-eaten hamburger.
The original model for the Millennium Falcon was changed at the last minute at George Lucas' request because they thought it too closely resembled the Eagle Transporter ships used in the Space: 1999. With no time to go, they took influence from one of the strangest of places: one of their next meals. Seriously: the idea came about when Lucas took a bite out of a burger and placed it down next to an olive on a toothpick.
That's right, that iconic design was inspired by a meal. Who would have thought that one of the most iconic ships of science fiction would come from such an innocuous place? Yet it's perfect for the ship, which is just as memorable and special as it is junky and plain.
-
Can you wait to see what else is new about the Millennium Falcon in Star Wars: The Force Awakens? Do you know any insider info on the ship? Let us know in the comments below.
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- A year ago, a lawyer garnered national attention — and some scorn — when their client attained a $125,000 settlement after suing the New Springville Little League and Little League Baseball because their son was hurt sliding into second base.
Now, in a double header of sorts, attorney Alan C. Glassman is seeking compensation for another Little Leaguer allegedly injured in games played here in 2007 and 2009.
Their client, Eltingville resident Carolyn Twohig, has sued Little League Baseball Inc., the Great Kills Little League and the New Springville Little League in two separate actions.
Ms. Twohig contends their son, then 10, was hurt in 2007 when hit by a batted ball while pitching in a Great Kills Little League game. The contest was being improperly played on a girl's softball field where the pitcher's mound wasn't the regulation distance from home plate for a Little League game, they maintain.
Ms. Twohig is also suing for injuries that Stephen, then 12, allegedly suffered last year while sliding into third base during a game at the New Springville Little League field.
The Twohigs allege the boy wasn't properly taught how to slide and that the base, upon contact, did not "pop up" or "break away" from its anchor.
The lawsuits, recently filed in state Supreme Court, St. George, seek unspecified monetary damages.
Reached by telephone on Monday, Glassman declined comment on the actions.
Just over a year ago, the Lynbrook, L.I.-based attorney achieved a six-figure settlement for former New Springville Little Leaguer Martin Gonzalez, who made allegations similar to the Twohigs' current claims.
The boy, then 12, tore up their knee sliding into second base in a 2004 league game. Their mother, Jean Gonzalez, maintained they hadn't been taught the correct sliding technique and that the base didn't detach on contact.
The Gonzalezes sued the New Springville Little League, Little League Baseball and the boy's manager and a coach.
In the latest cases, the Twohigs allege Stephen was first hurt on June 23, 2007, in a Great Kills Little League game.
While pitching, they were struck in the face and right eye by a batted ball.
The Twohigs contend the contest was being played on a girls' softball field where the 35-foot distance between home plate and the pitcher's mound was nine feet shorter than the standard Little League field.
Stephen, who Advance records indicate played and pitched this past summer for JBI Baseball in the Babe Ruth Interleague Prep, suffered "serious" injuries. The boy, now 13, subsequently underwent "surgeries," although court papers don't specify the procedures.
The resulting lawsuit names the Great Kills Little League, league President Frank J. Cambria and Little League Baseball Inc. as defendants.
The boy was hurt again on June 1, 2009, said court papers.
The youngster, still a member of the Great Kills Little League, was playing a game at the New Springville Little League field.
They hit a ball and began running the bases. On their coach's direction, they slid into third base and was hurt when the bag didn't "‘pop up,' ‘break away' or disengage from its base," said court papers.
Mrs. Twohig alleges their son, suffered "serious" injuries, which required physical therapy. Again, the injuries aren't specified.
The Great Kills and New Springville Little Leagues are named defendants along with Little League Baseball and the coach, identified in court papers as "John Doe."
Cambria and Louis Mojica, New Springville's president, did not immediately return messages left Monday seeking comment.
Steven Barr, a Little League Baseball spokesperson, declined comment Monday, saying the organization doesn't discuss pending litigation.
Despite court cases in the Netherlands and the U.K. forcing ISPs to place blocks on their systems to prevent customer access to The Pirate Bay, the blocks may ultimately prove futile, according to data seen by the BBC and others.
One major U.K. broadband provider said peer-to-peer traffic on its network returned to "just below normal" only a week after it was forced to block customers' access.
But in the days following the court decision in late April, traffic had reached record levels as a result of the increased media coverage. This backs up earlier claims that The Pirate Bay had a 12 million views traffic boost on May 1, thanks to the "free advertising" by the media.
The ISP -- speaking to the BBC anonymously -- said that traffic dropped by more than 11 percent following the enforcement of the block, but with the rise of proxy sites and The Pirate Bay's own server IP changes, traffic figures were "pretty much back to where they were before."
The figures are not detailed, however. The data relates to volume rather than strict user figures, possibly suggesting that prolific file-sharers downloaded more than less-interested users were discouraged. Also, the data may not relate directly to The Pirate Bay, as peer-to-peer traffic could include legitimate downloads, such as the downloading of Linux distributions, so it is difficult to see whether The Pirate Bay has returned to usual levels of traffic.
Meanwhile in the Netherlands, where blocks were put in place following similar legal challenges, Dutch ISP XS4All said its customers' traffic to The Pirate Bay went up rather than down. Two more ISPs, according to TorrentFreak, suggested the blocks imposed did not adversely affect peer-to-peer traffic.
The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) had brought the case to the High Court in London. BPI Chief Executive Geoff Taylor told the BBC it will continue to pursue legal action against "illegal sites" that are "ripping off" the artists.
They said the BPI's goal is to "reduce U.K. use of The Pirate Bay" and said the site's rankings had dropped from the top 50 to 282.
Alexa rankingscurrently put thepiratebay.se at 83 overall in global rankings, but 301 in the United Kingdom.
However, the U.K.'s Pirate Party Web site, which hosts one of the most popular Pirate Bay proxies, rocketed to a rank of 359 in the United Kingdom, suggesting a massive uptake in use on the block circumventing service.
Despite the court-ordered blocks, circumventing the restrictions through proxies and tunneling is not illegal under U.K. law. U.K. Pirate Party leader Loz Kaye recently wrote in The Guardian: "This proxy continues to be a legitimate route for those affected by the court orders."
On 13 May 2016, the web site Young Conservatives published an article reporting that President Obama had decreed that all American schools must make all bathrooms transgender or face lawsuits and potentially lose federal funding:
President Obama decided to yet again defy the constitutional limits placed on their powers and released a directive stating public schools must allow transgenders to use the bathroom of their choice. Well, the great state of Texas is saying no thanks and accusing the president of blackmail. Apparently Obama doesn't understand that transgender restrooms are a 10th Amendment issue, meaning it's left up to the states to decide how to handle it and the federal government has no jurisdiction in the matter at all.
The ensuing media (and social media) flurries ended up obfuscating a number of details of the issue, with most versions holding that President Obama “decreed” that all schools must immediately implement such policies, lest they be dragged into court and lose funding. As usual, however, the truth was much less outrageous than the rumors.
On 13 May 2016, the U.S. Department of Education Office of Civil Rights and the U.S. Department of Justice Civil Rights Division issued a joint “Dear Colleague” letter [PDF] that included “significant guidance” to schools about civil rights protections for transgender students under Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. The letter detailed federal guidelines for transgender students and bathroom use and provided definitions for the terms “Gender identity,” “Sex assigned at birth,” “Transgender,” and “Gender transition”:
Schools across the country strive to create and sustain inclusive, supportive, safe, and nondiscriminatory communities for all students. In recent years, we have received an increasing number of questions from parents, teachers, principals, and school superintendents about civil rights protections for transgender students. Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (Title IX) and its implementing regulations prohibit sex discrimination in educational programs and activities operated by recipients of Federal financial assistance. This prohibition encompasses discrimination based on a student's gender identity, including discrimination based on a student's transgender status. This letter summarizes a school's Title IX obligations regarding transgender students and explains how the U.S. Department of Education (ED) and the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) evaluate a school's compliance with these obligations. ED and DOJ (the Departments) have determined that this letter is significant guidance. This guidance does not add requirements to applicable law, but provides information and examples to inform recipients about how the Departments evaluate whether covered entities are complying with their legal obligations. If you have questions or are interested in commenting on this guidance, please contact ED[.] Accompanying this letter is a separate document from ED's Office of Elementary and Secondary Education, Examples of Policies and Emerging Practices for Supporting Transgender Students. The examples in that document are taken from policies that school districts, state education agencies, and high school athletics associations around the country have adopted to help ensure that transgender students enjoy a supportive and nondiscriminatory school environment. Schools are encouraged to consult that document for practical ways to meet Title IX's requirements.
Schools were informed that failure to supply legally entitled students with the necessary accommodations could constitute a violation of the obligations of federally funded schools:
As a condition of receiving Federal funds, a school agrees that it will not exclude, separate, deny benefits to, or otherwise treat differently on the basis of sex any person in its educational programs or activities unless expressly authorized to do so under Title IX or its implementing regulations. The Departments treat a student's gender identity as the student's sex for purposes of Title IX and its implementing regulations. This means that a school must not treat a transgender student differently from the way it treats other students of the same gender identity. The Departments' interpretation is consistent with courts' and other agencies' interpretations of Federal laws prohibiting sex discrimination. The Departments interpret Title IX to require that when a student or the student's parent or guardian, as appropriate, notifies the school administration that the student will assert a gender identity that differs from previous representations or records, the school will begin treating the student consistent with the student's gender identity. Under Title IX, there is no medical diagnosis or treatment requirement that students must meet as a prerequisite to being treated consistent with their gender identity. Because transgender students often are unable to obtain identification documents that reflect their gender identity (e.g., due to restrictions imposed by state or local law in their place of birth or residence), requiring students to produce such identification documents in order to treat them consistent with their gender identity may violate Title IX when doing so has the practical effect of limiting or denying students equal access to an educational program or activity.
The letter also contained a portion about restroom and locker room use. That guidance stated that under Title IX, schools were prohibited from forcing students to use facilities inconsistent with their gender identity. That directive further stated transgender students could not be “segregated” from others in restrooms and locker rooms:
Restrooms and Locker Rooms. A school may provide separate facilities on the basis of sex, but must allow transgender students access to such facilities consistent with their gender identity. A school may not require transgender students to use facilities inconsistent with their gender identity or to use individual-user facilities when other students are not required to do so. A school may, however, make individual-user options available to all students who voluntarily seek additional privacy.
Critics contended that school policies about bathroom access should be decided by states and local school boards, not the feds, and that the guidelines effectively create new federal regulations that may violate the 10th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution.
Woodstead: cabin build
Build This page is about an earth bermed cabin I built in 2015. I've now lived in it for a year :) Hope you enjoy the read. This was my first post and beam framing project. Some of my methods have changed and improved since. Jog to the end to see the references and a few more details.
Dug the Hole Used an excavator to dig the initial hole into a slope. The cabin will end up facing uphill.
Peeled some logs The bark has to be peeled off the log for it to dry quicker. It also helps cut down on the insects which enjoy eating bark. A draw knife is the tool I used for this job. In the dry heat of a Montana summer, the logs can be dry in under a year. I started the project in real late summer though. So the wood was still green when assembled. A neighbor showed me a trick to dry logs more uniformly and prevent checking, paint the ends with latex paint.Then all moisture is forced out along the logs instead of the ends. It will take much longer to dry.
First few posts in the ground A post hole digger is used to make a 3 foot deep hole. Then the posts are put in as level as possible. Some borax was sprinkled into the fill material to prevent rot. The fill material is tamped hard.
Most posts in Of the locally available timber types (Douglas Fir, Ponderosa Pine and Tamarack), Tamarack is the most rot resistant. It is best to use it for posts as they are in contact with earth. But I didn't know this initially and just used whatever.
All posts in Front view of all the posts in the ground. Note; the logs have dried a bit darker than when freshly peeled. A thin, inner layer of bark was accidentally left. I like the darker color, but it can slow down the drying process.
All posts in (2) Side view of all the posts in the ground.
Drilling for a spike An 18 inch long, half inch diameter drill bit is used for pre-drilling spike holes. It annoyingly took 2 batteries worth of charge to drill a few of these holes.
Central beam up Those random diagonal 2x6 boards helped as scaffolding to lift the heavy beams up. We could just hook it up one board at a time. This beam will be rotated so the arc is up before placing the girders on top.
More beams up The corner posts are put in first and measured to be square and level. Then the center posts are added tobe equidistant to the corners. But you do not level the center post. You take a spare board and make sure the outside edge of the log is on the same plane as the outside edges of the corner posts.
More beams up(2) The posts are spaced from center to center at about 3ft-8in. This is because the 2x6 boards are about 92-5/8in long. The design maximizes the board usage without having to do any cutting. I decided to pop out the back wall to increase the space some without needing any more 8ft long walls. I used pretty much precisely 1 unit of lumber for this project.
Hammering in the longest spike This is the only spike that goes through 3 logs. Things kept shifting around a bit, but eventually it went all the way through. In the future I'd do my notching a bit different so everything rests more stably.
Beams A big thanks to David for the great photography. They took most of the pictures, while I took the pictures that look like they came from a flip phone.
Beams(2) I used a chainsaw to notch the beams. I did most of my joints as two flat surfaces mating up. It was easier to line up than trying to curve the top of a post so that a beam fits onto that curvature.
Boarding it in! The boards are secured to each post with wood deck screws. Screws aren't too expensive and help add some rigidity to the structure.
The next door neighbor
Trimming Chainsaw carpentry at its finest. Although somewhat inelegant, the electric chainsaw was an indispensable tool. Cob was applied to any section of boards that wasn't flat. Its best that the tarps lie against a flat surface so that they are less likely to stretch or rip.
Securing the overhang Wood decking screws secure the overhang to two 2x6's. The top tarp layer will end up wrapping around this 2x6 as a "drip edge." This keeps all the boards dry except for shingles which will be nailed on top. In the future I would probably make the overhang about twice as long. 4ft would keep water a more comfortable distance away from the cabin.
Break time
Northside I faced this house uphill which is East. Next time I would face the house South and just do a bit more reshaping of the hill. Solar gain makes a huge difference in winter. And in summer the morning sun makes my cabin too warm.
Tarping it Used billboards work as pretty sturdy and waterproof tarps. They are free and recycled, win-win. I have at least 3 overlapping every part of the house. A staple gun is used to secure the tarps in place.I only staple a tarp in spots I knew another tarp would be on top overlapping that staple puncture.
A couple windows in I have no idea what I am doing here. I just let things happen. I levelled a sill for each window and set the window up as far outside as possible. Makes a nice shelf in front of the windows on the inside. The windows I bought were $5 a piece at a reuse building supply store. Single pane with a wood frame. The wood frame worked out perfectly to just send wood screws every which way into the nearby boards. A year later it still works, but I'm doing it differently from now on.
All the windows installed We backfilled the initial several feet with shovels. Making sure to switch off sides so that it has balanced forces. To tamp the dirt down, we just stomped around on it. After it was buried about 4 or 5ft deep, we brought the excavator back in to dump more dirt on it.
All the windows
It feels like "the inside"... It's a pretty weird feeling. Everything was outdoors. Now, all of the sudden, part of it is supposedly the inside. But yea, this was definitely the point when it no longer felt like a cow shed. I could live here.
The inside This is the only wall with windows. The rest of the walls are earth bermed
This ladder :/ I'm glad I no longer have to use this ladder. It worked, just weighed a crap ton and was not very stable. I was so low on wood by the end that I disassembled it to finish framing in the back wall.
Just jump on in The entryway eventually got fixed. As it was, flooding was an issue.
Faces Uphill This shot is taken from the east side, looking downhill towards the house. Mike Oehler's uphill patio design is their tried and true method to keep an earth bermed house dry. The first house they built is over 40 years old now. Was lucky enough to visit their property awhile back. A few pictures from the trip in my blog. They also stopped by during the build process of this cabin. Rest in peace, Mike. Their book is a vital resource for buildings of this type.
A door is added The advantage of a non-fancy door is that it is easily resized. When the house settled, the doorway got tighter and I was able to take a 1/4 inch off with the chainsaw.
David's office David managed to work remotely here on their blogging platform Blot.
Night
Cobbing cracks Cob is a natural mortar/cement sort of mixture. Its just sand, clay, and some fiber. Sometimes people use cow dung as the fiber. Others just use straw. I used cob to chink any gaps.
Loft bed
Need to fix the entry The initial excavation was much undersized. An "uphill patio" needs to be dug to route the run-off water around the house.
Bring in the tractor Snuck the tractor in past my tent to do some earth moving. The guy I rent the acre from includes a few hours of tractor/excavator time in the first year's rent cost. Its been super handy since all of us living here are building our own dwellings. That bike got me and my gear to the property from Amtrak 140miles away. It was my only transportation during the build. Glad my neighbors let me tag along into town many a time.
The assistant thanks david, I owe you a house
Feeding the friends who helped Big pot of chili for the house warming. Thanks to all my neighbors/friends who stopped by and lent a hand; David, Evan, Kai, Fred, Jesse, Chris, Sara, Paul, Kyle and more
Woodstove This tiny woodstove can get the temperature over 75 degrees. Although I would like to finish a masonry stove soon. Rocket mass heater type stoves can allow the temperature to be more consistent without a constant fire. photo credit to my friend Janet
Kitchen Where I cook using propane.
A year later Grass is starting to grow. The cabin is a comfortable place to live, but still a few things to finish. Here I am putting up some Tamarack shingles. We split them with a froe.
FAQ How long did it take Collecting materials and brainstorming the design took about a month. I think from putting the first post in to having a door installed was about 3 weeks. That's about when I started sleeping in it. Although, it is an ongoing project. I didn't have heat, a floor, or electricity for the first several months. How much did it cost Including lumber, fasteners, windows, door, and woodstove I was under $500. Ive spent a bit more over the year touching things up and adding solar. I don't know an exact amount. What's the floor like For the first few months it was just dirt. Now I finished most of it with wood. And I did an "earthen" part around the wood stove. An earthen floor can be just tamped dirt with linseed oil mixed in. It cured really hard. Other people online have fancy complicated methods. But I tend to look at a procedure of 30steps and delete 27 of them (probably why my beer is no good). Legalities Many rural counties have no building codes. Where I built this doesn't.
Resources Mike Oehler's $50 and up underground house book Paul Wheaton's Wofati design
2016
CLEARWATER, Fla. — Jordan Montgomery was a very long shot to make the Yankees' pitching staff when spring training opened.
Thursday, the 24-year-old left-hander will start against the Rays in Port Charlotte with a chance to force themselves onto the 25-man roster.
Granted, the chance is tiny, but the Yankees aren't ruling it out.
“It's possible,'' Joe Girardi said Wednesday when asked if the 6-foot-6 Montgomery could make the team, which opens the regular season against the Rays on April 2. “Either role.''
Montgomery has made 56 of their 60 minor league appearances as a starter and their last relief outing was in 2015, but Girardi hasn't completely ruled out bullpen work for the hurler, who threw four scoreless innings against the Tigers in relief on Friday. All four of their spring outings have been in relief.
Your browser does not support iframes.
A fourth-round pick in 2014 from South Carolina, Montgomery isn't on the 40-man roster and has made six starts above Double-A, so the smart money is on their returning to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and starting. If Montgomery does well, they could force their way into the big leagues at some point.
Still, the fact that the five-man battle for the final two spots in the rotation hasn't produced even one clear-cut winner this late in camp means the Yankees are open to at least looking at Montgomery. They went a combined 14-5 with a 2.13 ERA and fanned 134 in 139 ¹/₃ innings for Double-A Trenton and SWB a year ago.
“I'm a work in progress,'' said Montgomery, who brings a 3.48 ERA into Thursday's game. “I've been more on the map each year. I try to keep on working hard and play baseball the right way and carrying myself the right way.''
Asked if anybody has told them that they are in the mix for a big league roster spot, Montgomery said, “They told me I'm pitching [Thursday] and I'm taking it day by day.''
Thanks to their height, Montgomery creates the downhill angle pitching gurus love to see. And while their changeup hasn't been as good as it was last year, their toolbox — which includes a fastball that reaches 94 mph, a slider and a curveball — is solid.
At the beginning of camp, Girardi didn't know much more than the sparkling numbers Montgomery posted last year.
Now?
“I like them a lot. They have a really good downward angle and deception. I'm very curious,'' Girardi said. “He's 6-foot-6 and gets on top of the ball. You talk about deception, there can be a lot of different ways. Some guys hide the ball, some guys' motion is really easy and a short arm and gets on top of hitters quickly.  They are a guy who is tall and changes planes, and I think that's part of their deception.''
Luis Severino and Bryan Mitchell were the favorites to claim the two open rotation spots when camp opened. Severino hasn't been good, and Mitchell has been just OK. Adam Warren likely is headed to the bullpen, and Luis Cessa and Chad Green are strong candidates to start at SWB.
Whether Montgomery can show the Yankees enough in the short time left that they can help as a starter or reliever in the big leagues is a long shot. But not as long as it was when pitchers and catchers reported in February.
Image caption The 14 professors behind the project include evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins
A private college in England aiming to rival Oxford and Cambridge is being launched by leading academics.
The New College of the Humanities says it will teach "gifted" undergraduates and prepare them for degrees from the University of London.
The privately-owned London-based college will open in September 2012 and is planning to charge fees of £18,000.
The 14 professors involved include biologist Richard Dawkins and historian Sir David Cannadine.
Professor Dawkins is an emeritus fellow of New College, Oxford, as well as being the author of The God Delusion, and Sir David is a professor at Princeton University in the United States.
Based in Bloomsbury, central London, the new college says it will offer eight undergraduate courses in the humanities taught by some of the world's most prominent academics.
Degrees cover five subject areas - law, economics, history, English literature and philosophy.
Students will also take three "intellectual skills" modules in science literacy, logic and critical thinking and applied ethics.
The college will award its own Diploma and students will take University of London degrees, making a combined award of BA Hons (London) DNC.
'New model'
Professor AC Grayling, the philosopher who will be the college's first Master, secured millions of pounds of funding from investors to set up the institution.
They said: "Our priorities at the college will be excellent teaching quality, excellent ratios of teachers to students, and a strongly supportive and responsive learning environment.
"Our students will be challenged to develop as skilled, informed and reflective thinkers, and will receive an education to match that aspiration."
Prof Grayling is a professor of philosophy at Birkbeck College, University of London, and a fellow of St Anne's College, Oxford.
The college claims to offer a "new model of higher education for the humanities in the UK".
Students can apply immediately and assisted places will be offered to 20% of the first year's intake.
Applicants need to meet the University of London minimum entrance requirements and be fully competent in English.
'Entrench inequality'
The college will not be part of the UCAS applications process, with each application considered "individually, personally and on its merits".
It also has scholarships and "exhibition schemes" to "ensure that finance should not be a barrier to any talented UK student".
But the University and College Union (UCU) said the launch of the new college - and state funding cuts for arts, humanities and social sciences - would result in the subjects becoming the preserve of a "select few".
UCU general secretary Sally Hunt said: "While many would love the opportunity to be taught by the likes of AC Grayling and Richard Dawkins, at £18,000 a go it seems it won't be the very brightest but those with the deepest pockets who are afforded the chance.
"The launch of this college highlights the government's failure to protect art and humanities and is further proof that its university funding plans will entrench inequality within higher education," they said.
The government has set fees in England's public universities at a maximum of £9,000 from September next year.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
For some (tasty) reason, thieves in the German town of Bad Hersfeld spirited away some 5.5 tons of the chocolate-hazelnut spread over the weekend. But if you can trick one of the top schools in the United States into paying $2,500 per week for Nutella, perhaps everyone should get in the chocolate topping business. "The gooey loot is worth an estimated 16,000 euros ($20,710)," reports the AP, detailing how, exactly, one walks into a trailer and runs away with some 11,000 pounds of flavored topping — if it's not an Ocean's 11-style inside job, that is. To put that in perspective, the two most popular Nutella jar sizes are 26.5 ounces and 13 ounces (1.6 lbs. or 0.8 pounds, respectively), meaning that the thieves might have had to walk/drive from the crime scene with about 6,875 units (of the big jars) or 13,750 jars (of the smaller size) in their back seat. (Yes, there are industrial sizes of Nutella, but that's neither here nor there.)
Second question: What do you do with that much Nutella? First off, if there's a major heist of 10,000 pounds of toast/waffles/bananas in the coming days, then that probably points to someone — or a group of people — with serious Nutella addictions. And there's always the story popping up that Nutella will get banned or taxed, which might scare people into hoarding the chocolate spread like a precious metal ... we guess?
Illinois State associate head coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch were among seven people to die in a plane crash near the Central Illinois Regional Airport in Bloomington, Illinois, early Tuesday morning, it was announced.
University president Larry Dietz confirmed Ward and Leetch were among those killed when a Cessna 414, returning from the Final Four in Indianapolis, crashed just short of the airport after midnight.
Dietz made the announcement in an email to students, faculty and staff, saying "words cannot fully express the grief that is felt."
Local authorities found the wreckage of the plane around 3:15 a.m., Sgt. Bill Tate of the McLean County Sheriff's Office told ESPN.com.
There was no immediate word on the cause of the crash, and the National Transportation Safety Board said its full investigation was expected to take a year to 18 months.
According to their tweet Monday night, Ward had flown to Indianapolis on a private plane to watch the Final Four.
"To lose a bunch of friends much too early is devastating," head coach Dan Muller said in a statement. "To all of the families and friends, my deepest condolences and my prayers are with you. To Aaron Leetch, a friend, colleague, and mentor, I will miss you so much. And to my dear friend Torrey Ward, I love you so much, I will miss you every day and I can't wait to see you again.
"On behalf of our entire program, we appreciate everyone respecting our privacy at this time to grieve, and we will all miss Aaron, Torrey and those involved. We are here for all families and friends, and we will stick together through this tragedy."
Sophomore center Reggie Lynch said Muller informed their players about Ward's death during at 8 a.m. team meeting. They said a local priest also spoke with the team after it had received the news.
Ward, who was divorced, had a fiancée and two children, Torrey and Tamia, Lynch said. They played at UAB before going overseas to start a professional career. Ward was named associate head coach after the 2013-14 season.
"We're all just done," Lynch told ESPN.com. "That was my guy. They were my main man."
"He was just the coolest coach," Lynch said. "He was a good dude, like, they were your friend. They were a great dude. They made friends with everyone. ... I'm hurting so bad right now."
The airport was open and all systems, including its runway lighting, were functioning, although the tower had closed several hours earlier and handed responsibility to an air traffic control facility in Peoria. Radar contact was lost moments before the crash, and a search was launched when the pilot failed to close out their flight plan.
News photos from near the scene showed dense fog. NTSB investigator Todd Fox said the plane was cleared to land in fog and rain but appears to have made a turn away from approaching the runway before crashing. It isn't clear why, they said.
Fox said they didn't know whether the plane was having problems or if the pilot radioed in distress. The plane's engines caught fire on impact, Fox said.
The pilot had flown about 12,000 hours and held an air transport license, which allows a pilot to fly commercial airliners, Fox said.
Jeff Goodman of ESPN.com and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Well, the ol' switcheroo resulted in drunk-driving charges for two.
Edson RCMP have charged two men with impaired operation of a motor vehicle after they reportedly switched seats when pulled over — while both were allegedly drunk.
RCMP Const. Alex Ayres said the car was pulled over Oct. 8th by the Edson Integrated Traffic Unit — which includes both Alberta Sheriffs and RCMP officers — because of a simple traffic violation.
The ITU officer approached the vehicle and spoke to the person in the driver's seat.
Believing the man was drunk, the officer demanded a roadside breath sample. The man failed the breath test and was arrested.
The officer then got a hunch that something was up.
"What initially led to the suspicion was that the vehicle was actually revving while it was parked at the traffic stop," said Ayers.
"That led the officer into a second investigation in regards [to] the person in the passenger seat."
The officer's investigation led them to believe the man in the passenger seat was the actual driver of the vehicle.
"As a result, both of them were taken back to the detachment where they provided examples of their breath which are alleged to be over the legal limit," said Ayers.
What initially led to the suspicion was that the vehicle was actually revving while it was parked at the traffic stop. - Alex Ayres
Both men face numerous charges.
The first man is expected to be charged with impaired care or control of a motor vehicle, impaired care or control of a motor vehicle will over the legal blood-alcohol limit, and obstructing a peace officer.
The second man will be charged with impaired operation of a motor vehicle, impaired operation of a motor vehicle while over the legal blood-alcohol limit, and obstructing a peace officer. They will also face a charge of driving while unauthorized.
Ayers said they have seen people switching seats before, but never when the vehicle was already pulled over, leading to both individuals being charged with impaired driving offences.
"Obviously it shows a little bit of a lack of forethought on these two individuals' part, where neither of them appeared to be in any condition to operate a motor vehicle," said Ayers.
The men are expected to appear in Edson provincial court Nov. 15.
Zillow: Seattle's one of the worst markets to invest in
The Ruby condos on Eastlake Avenue East are shown on Wednesday, March 17, 2010. Seattle is the fourth-worst U.S. market to invest in this year, according to Zillow.com. The Ruby condos on Eastlake Avenue East are shown on Wednesday, March 17, 2010. Seattle is the fourth-worst U.S. market to invest in this year, according to Zillow.com. Photo: Joshua Trujillo/Seattlepi.com Photo: Joshua Trujillo/Seattlepi.com Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Zillow: Seattle's one of the worst markets to invest in 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Seattle is the fourth-worst U.S. market to invest in this year, Seattle-based real estate website Zillow.com reported Tuesday.
Blame the fact that the area did pretty well during the housing boom and hasn't fallen as far as many other previous hot spots since the crash.
Zillow looked at how out of whack home prices are with their historic relationship to incomes and rents, the state of foreclosures and which direction prices have been heading recently.
The site found some good places to invest, including many hard-hit California markets where prices may have over-corrected in the downturn.
"Affordability is at a historic high, and there are lots of opportunities out there for average homebuyers and investors alike," Zillow PR Manager Katie Curnutte wrote on the company's blog.
"To be clear, we're not talking about people looking for a quick flip, but sophisticated investors who are interested in making a long-term investment in properties that will generate rental income. These types of investors usually expect modest value appreciation, so are focused more on regular positive cash flow."
See this gallery for the 10 worst investment markets, followed by the 10 best.
Also Tuesday, Zillow reported that home prices nationwide have now fallen farther than they did during the Great Depression.
Specifically, it said: "the Zillow Home Value Index has now fallen 26 percent since its peak in June 2006. That's more than the 25.9 percent decline in the Depression-era years between 1928 and 1933."
But the site also noted that an improving economy should boost the housing market, gradually.
The US game rating board, the ESRB, has posted their official rating for Diablo III, and as expected the game is rated M for Mature. The full info from the ESRB website:
Diablo III
Platform: Macintosh, Windows PC
Rating: Mature
Content descriptors: Blood and Gore, Violence
Rating summary: This is an action role-playing game in which players assume control of a mortal hero (e.g., witch doctor, barbarian, wizard) who must defend humanity from a demonic invasion. From a 3/4–overhead perspective, players traverse dungeons and use swords, axes, and magic attacks to kill a variety of human-like enemies (e.g., zombies, demons, succubi). Battles are accompanied by slashing and flesh-impact sounds, screams of pain, and frequent blood-splatter effects; creatures often explode into bloody fragments as multiple enemies are dispatched at once. Some levels depict burning corpses and dead villagers amid large pools of blood. Online Notice: * Includes online features that may expose players to unrated user-generated content (Macintosh, Windows PC)
Succubi? Not a surprise they might return to Diablo III, but we've never seen any concept art or heard any mention of them prior to this. So… will they be hot, like in D1? Or hideous, like in D2?
The game is yet to be rated in Europe.
Why exactly does someone feel better after massage? Or acupuncture? Or foam rolling? Or a chiropractic adjustment, or wearing K-tape, or doing mobility drills, or a hamstring stretch?
There are some good answers to these questions, and the interesting thing I'd like to point out in this post is that quite often, the therapist doesn't know them. Or even care about them! Or maybe the therapist has heard the good answers, but prefers alternative bad answers that are far less plausible given the current state of relevant science.
Speaking of bad explanations: Foam rolling probably doesn't work by breaking adhesions or melting fascia. Chiropractic manipulation doesn't put joints that are “out” back “in.” Deep tissue massage doesn't get rid of toxins or “muscle knots.” Acupuncture doesn't access special points or meridians - putting the needles in random places works just as well. Some sham surgeries work just as well the real thing. Motor control exercises often work to reduce pain even though motor control hasn't changed.
None of this means that the above treatments can't work to make someone feel better. It just means they don't work in the manner advertised. And no this doesn't mean that everything is just placebo (that's a confusing word without a clear meaning.)
In general, it seems that therapists have a strong bias towards the idea they are fixing "issues in the tissues.” And they tend to ignore issues in the more complex systems in the body - nervous, immune, autonomic - which are very sensitive to even minor inputs and have a great influence over how we move and feel. Maybe this is because these systems are less visible, or tangible, or just not what practitioners learned about when they were in school.
I was trained as a Rolfer and taught that Rolfing works by changing fascia. So when people got up from the table and said they felt taller, or looser, or had less pain, this was because their fascia had somehow changed for the better.
After doing some research about the deformability of fascia in response to manual pressure, I decided this was not a good explanation for our observations. A better explanation would involve the nervous system, which is constantly adjusting muscle tension, movement patterns, perception, and pain sensitivity in response to new sensory information, including the highly novel sensory information caused by bodywork.
Of course it's kind of a bummer to learn that a central premise of your education is incorrect. But the good news is that this doesn't mean people can't be helped with your treatment. That is a completely separate issue. So my attitude was - OK, it's not about the fascia, but that doesn't mean I can't help people.
But for many Rolfers it just has to be about the fascia. And for chiros it has to be about the subluxation, and for Reiki practitioners it has to be about energy, and for others it needs to be about posture, or core strength, or muscle imbalances, or movement patterns.
And of course many others will say: "I don't care how the treatment works, I just know that it works does so who cares why?"
Here are three reasons why It's important to know why your treatment works.
1. If you know how something works, you can make it work better
This should be obvious. If you know where the target is, it's easier to hit the bullseye.
Let's assume that stretching or massage works to create better range of motion by getting getting the muscles to relax. (Reasonable enough, right? And supported by research!)
But if you think that it works by forcefully breaking adhesions or physically lengthening tissues you might lose focus on whether your clients are staying relaxed.
When I work on someone I always ask "how does that feel?” Here's a common response from clients who think it's all about the fascia: “Don't worry about me, I have a very high pain tolerance, just do what you have to do.”
And I will think to myself: "Well, I need to know how you feel because that is one of the main targets for this work.” But if my target was breaking up fascia or muscle knots then indeed I wouldn't care how they felt. And I wouldn't do as good of a job.
2. Unintended Consequences
Imagine someone with neck pain goes to the chiropractor, is told their neck is “out", gets cracked to put it back “in", and then immediately feels much better. What's the harm if they think that pain relief came from some form of realignment?
Maybe in the short term there is no harm, but false beliefs have a mischievous way of eventually causing problems in the long term.
Let's say the neck pain comes back. The client thinks their neck must be “out” again so they need another crack. So they overlook other potential solutions like exercise, rest, or gentle movement. If the neck pain continues, they might eventually develop the pathological belief that their neck is fragile and unstable. This can have a nocebo effect - creating further pain and avoidance of healthy movement.
I have seen many clients with similar misconceptions, and this has cost them significant time, money, anxiety, and confusion.
And I'm not just talking about the clients of chiropractors.
I have seen yoga people who are always stretching; Pilates people always stabilizing; corrective exercisers looking for microscopic muscle imbalances; joint mobility fans perpetually mobilizing, as if their joints need a constant bath in synovial fluid, or will start knitting themselves together with some sort of fascial "fuzz" after just a few minutes of stasis. Rust never sleeps!
All these pathological behaviors ultimately stem from false beliefs about why certain therapies have worked for them in the past. These beliefs cluster around the idea that they have corrected "issues in the tissues" as opposed to temporarily adjusting the sensitivity of the nervous system.
The bottom line is that false beliefs, no matter how small, are like viruses - they multiply, get passed to others, mutate to form super bugs, and can eventually cause disease. Don't spread them people!
3. The truth matters
The truth has inherent value, even when its practical application is not immediately obvious. Knowledge is always powerful - for you, your clients, and the whole community.
We don't yet know exactly why people have chronic pain and the best ways to treat it.
Even though that knowledge hasn't been created yet, that doesn't mean it's useless to learn more. Every step away from misinformation and confusion is a step in the direction of the truth.
Let's face it. The truth is good and ignorance sucks. Here are some quotes from smart people to prove it.
"All evils are caused by lack of knowledge."
--David Deustch
“I think it's much more interesting to live not knowing than to have answers which might be wrong.”
-- Richard Feynman
"It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so."
-- Mark Twain
“The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.”
--Joe Klaas
Many thanks to my readers and members of my social media community who are thinkers, skeptics, and unafraid to follow where the evidence leads.
An Al Jazeera investigation has uncovered how three Danish Muslims ended up in some of the Middle East's most notorious prisons following the alleged cooperation between Danish and Lebanese intelligence services.
Two of the men of Arab origin have revealed in an exclusive interview that when they refused offers to work for the Danish Security and Intelligence Service (PET), they were arrested and tortured in Lebanon.
In an exclusive interview with Al Jazeera, current Roumieh inmate, Fayez Abadan, has called for help from inside the prison, saying cruel treatment is a daily practice there.
Meanwhile, a former inmate has described to Al Jazeera the gruesome torture methods used in Roumieh prison.
They allege Lebanon was acting on Danish orders in a new form of rendition - the practice of sending foreign suspects covertly to be interrogated in a country with less rigorous regulations for humane treatment - or an outsourcing of torture.
Both Denmark and Lebanon have denied the men's allegations .
PET, which declined to be interviewed, provided a statement to Al Jazeera which said: "The Danish Security and Intelligence Service (PET) cooperates with a large number of authorities worldwide in order to protect Danish interests in Denmark and abroad."
"However, PET can, may or will under no circumstances aid and abet torture. PET have no further comments," the statement said.
Lebanon, which is known to have cooperated with Western intelligence services, also denied involvement.
In an interview with Al Jazeera, the then Lebanese Minister of Interior Ziad Baroud said they never received any requests to interrogate European nationals.
However, Al Jazeera understands that the men are among dozens of Danish citizens of Arab or Muslim origin who were approached by PET between 2001 and 2010.
Ali Ibrahim, a Lebanese-born torture victim, said in 2006 while they lived in Denmark, PET offered them incentives to cooperate but they were threatened when they refused. One of their brothers was involved with a group in Lebanon called Fatah Al Islam, which had taken control of the Palestinian refugee camp Nahr Al Bared, making them an attractive potential informer.
"The officer told me, ‘We will pay you money and you will be happy with us'," Ibrahim said.
"I asked: ‘What happens if I say no to your offer?' They said: 'If you reject our offer, we will make you come to the station and sign every week'."
"I told him: 'I will then leave the country.' They then asked: ‘Where do think you will go? We have friends all over the world. Do you want to go to Lebanon? We have friends there too'."
Ibrahim says when they travelled to Lebanon later that year they were kidnapped from the streets of Tripoli in front of their wife and children by four armed men.
They claim they were subjected to eight months of solitary confinement, regular beatings, violent interrogrations and torture, and spent almost three years in Lebanon's notorious Roumieh prison.
When they were first placed in a cell with others, they say: "Only then did I realise that the brutal torture I received was not the worst. Some experience much harsher torture methods. I consider myself lucky. Others were raped.”
'No exceptions' to prohibition of torture
Juan E Méndez, the UN Special Rapporteur on Torture, told Al Jazeera that they could not comment on specific cases relating to Lebanon and Denmark but said the rule of law was the only way to fight terror.
"There are no exceptions to the prohibition of torture and other cruel and inhuman and degrading treatment," Méndez says.
However, says that a lot remains hidden about the extraordinary renditions that took place as a result of the so-called "War on Terror".
Evidence of rendition first emerged after the US government in 1995 approved a secret programme for the transfer of alleged terror suspects.
"Unfortunately we are very far from knowing what exactly happened in each of the countries that participated in extraordinary renditions but we do know that there are 54 different countries that corroborated in some way or the other," Méndez says.
They say only a handful of nations responded to UN requests for investigations. Himself a victim of torture, they say that the world is more accepting of torture today than when they were tortured decades ago.
In telling the story of three men caught in the dark web of Danish and Lebanese intelligence services, Outsourcing Torture exposes a Denmark at odds with its image as a world leader in the fight for human rights, a Denmark with secret military and intelligence ties with the US, and a quiet role in the so-called "War on Terror".
Firms making contingency plans now ahead of possible Brexit.
In the first six months of 2016, a record-breaking 186 solicitors from the UK will have been admitted to practice in Ireland. This is more than three times the total at this stage last year when the number was less than fifty. The vast majority of these solicitors have cited the possibility of the UK's exit from the European Union as their primary reason for seeking admission in Ireland.
Under rules made following an EU Directive of 1989, solicitors who have qualified in England and Wales or Northern Ireland are permitted to undergo a simple process that, when completed, allows them to practice as solicitors in Ireland. Solicitors qualified in Ireland can transfer with similar ease to the rolls of solicitors in Northern Ireland and England and Wales.
There are different and more onerous rules for solicitors qualified in Scotland, other EU member states and a select group of other jurisdictions. This involves a much more complex process of either passing an exam called the Qualified Lawyers Transfer Test (QLTT) or practising as a solicitor in Ireland for three years before becoming qualified in Ireland via the EU's Establishment Directive.
Foreign solicitors who complete the qualification transfer process can continue to practice in the jurisdiction where they initially qualified.
Director General of the Law Society Ken Murphy explains, “This is by far the largest number of transfers of solicitors to Ireland from the UK in any given year, and we're only halfway through the year.”
“Of the EU member states, Ireland is the legal jurisdiction most equivalent to the UK. We are both English-speaking, both common law jurisdictions and our legal institutions are much the same. This makes Ireland the destination of choice for solicitors in England, in particular, who are concerned about the possibility of the UK voting to leave the EU.”
“The right to argue before EU tribunals such as the Court of Justice of the European Union is only afforded to lawyers qualified in an EU state.”
“It is our understanding that the majority of the solicitors who are completing this process will continue to practice in London or Brussels and do not intend to set up a physical practice in Ireland.”
“While no one knows what agreements will be in place should the UK vote to leave the EU, some UK firms are making contingency plans now. The majority of solicitors that are transferring are from large London-headquartered firms including at least one of the so-called “Magic Circle” firms, one of the ten largest law firms in the world. Many of these solicitors specialise in EU and competition law.”
“There are several dozen applications that are still being processed so the number of transferring solicitors from the UK is expected to increase further before the referendum on 23 June. Depending on the result of the referendum, these applications may continue to rise.”
In 2015 the total number of UK solicitors that transferred to Ireland was 101. In 2014, that number was 51. There were 15,196 solicitors on the Roll in Ireland at the end of 2015.
The complete process by which foreign qualified lawyers may apply to go on the Roll of Solicitors in Ireland is outlined on our website under Foreign Lawyers.
Return to previous press releases
Click here to see the unclaimed list for 2016
In less than a month workers will dig a single grave at the Los Angeles County Cemetery for the remains of more than 1,300 people left unclaimed. Most were cremated in 2012, the remains put in boxes and shelved. Soon they'll be in the ground forever.
They died in nursing homes in Long Beach, on the streets of Pomona and in hospitals across the county. Their bodies were sent to the county crematory in Boyle Heights, reduced to ash and deposited in a plastic box. Babies' remains were placed in small paper bags the size of a folded wallet.
The methods have changed, but L.A. County has been burying its indigent and unclaimed dead for more than 100 years. Since the 1800s, workers have logged each name in large handwritten books. This year, for the first time, they digitized the list.
Recently a new narrative is shaping up: A section of the left-liberals are highlighting abuse/threats received by them from alleged right-wing social media users and are attempting to paint all online abuse as stemming from the right-wing.
The end-game of this narrative seems to be an attempt to throttle freedom of expression on social media, with senior editors even asking senior ministers to consider “censorship” of mediums such as Twitter. The fear is that this smokescreen of “abuse” could be misused to censor any opposing view.
There is no denying that there are individuals using social media who use abusive language. We had written over a year ago on this same issue, that although abusive attacks and threats are present online, it is incorrect to label all abuse as “right wing” when even prominent handles from the leftist sphere of influence are very abusive by nature.
- Advertisement - - Article resumes -
Last week we kicked off a series where we asked prominent faces about their experiences facing abusive threats and attacks from left-liberal social media trolls. Founder and Editor of Faking News, a popular satire site, wrote last week how their family was targeted by the so-called “liberals”.
Today, writer and newspaper columnist Shefali Vaidya has hit out at this propaganda by revealing how they have been the victim of misogynistic attacks online. In a Facebook post, they have detailed how they and their family have been regularly attacked online. It was in response to the specific incident of Congress spokesperson Priyanka Chaturvedi trying to brand all abuse as “right wing”.
At the outset, they make it clear that no woman should be subjected to such abuse and attacks online, irrespective of political leaning and that those guilty must be booked:
A threat of rape and murder is repugnant and NO woman, I repeat, NO woman regardless of their political inclination should be subjected to it. I am sure there are abusive and sick trolls who claim to support the BJP, and they need to be exposed and punished.
But their angst lies in the fact that slowly a narrative is being created that only “right wing” trolls are the ones at fault:
But sexual abuse, threats and slander is NOT an exclusive domain of the ‘right wing' as our media would like you to believe. I have been subjected to threats, sexual abuses, assaults on my family and slander by frustrated Congress supporters for months now, just because I am a vocal supporter of the BJP
With screenshots of past abusive threats, they make their point how they were attacked for being a vocal supporter of BJP:
Even an innocuous picture of shaking hands with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi was given a sexual twist and circulated with slanderous insinuations:
Shefali Vaidya told us that they had even received messages threatening that their daughter would be murdered and mutilated:
This is the unfortunate reality. Social media is used by some to abuse, threaten and intimidate voices which belong to the other political spectrum. Censoring any medium may not be a solution but certainly legal action and support must be ensured to stop such attacks.
However, any motivated, agenda-driven attempts to classify such attacks as the prerogative of only section must be called out since it will only weaken the cause.
Share This Post and Support:
A U.S. pilot prepares for a mission in the cockpit of an F-16 Fighting Falcon at Bagram Air Field in Afghanistan in November 2015. U.S. military officials said Thursday, Feb. 11, 2016, that coalition airstrikes and operations are increasing against an estimated 1,000 to 3,000 Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan.
WASHINGTON — The United States is increasing airstrikes and operations against an estimated 1,000 to 3,000 Islamic State fighters in eastern Afghanistan to keep them from establishing a base of operations there.
Brig. Gen. Wilson Shoffner, a Kabul-based spokesperson for Operation Resolute Support, said many of the new Islamic State fighters are militants from other terror groups who have "rebranded" themselves as part of the Islamic State group.
The Islamic State first announced its presence in Afghanistan in January 2015 and is viewed now as "operationally emergent," Shoffner said.
With the expanded rules of engagement approved by President Barack Obama in December, U.S. forces have launched raids and airstrikes to keep the Islamic State in Afghanistan from coalescing. Shoffner said most of the estimated 1,000-3,000 Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan are located in the southern part of Nangarhar province, which borders Pakistan.
"We are seeing [the Islamic State group] attempting to do low-level recruiting and propaganda in in various places [in Afghanistan,]" Shoffner said. "Almost all of those with the exception of Nangarhar province in the east are unsuccessful. So, very, very low level activity with the exception of the east. And in the east, in Nangahar province, we are seeing [the Islamic State] attempting to establish a base of operations there."
Afghan security forces are attacking the fighters in Nangarhar to keep the group from growing.
The United States has "significantly increased pressure and the number of strikes…conducted against [the Islamic State] in Nangarhar province in the last three weeks,” Shoffner said, though they would not elaborate on how many airstrikes were conducted.
Shoffner said the Islamic State's growth in Nangarhar province was "relatively contained."
"What we are not seeing is [the Islamic State] having the ability from either Iraq or Syria to orchestrate operations in Afghanistan. We're not seeing [the Islamic State] having the ability to conduct operations in Afghanistan in more than one place at a time," they said.
copp.tara@Stripes.com
Twitter:@TaraCopp
The Force Quit Fallacy
Kyle Richter Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 24, 2016
As a former Apple Genius and independent Mac Certified Technician, I have seen my fair share of technology problems. Matters have only worsened with the rise of smartphones. Now it's hard to remember life before smart devices. Yet there remains a lot of urban legends among smartphone users — from people using a microwave oven to charge an iPhone's battery, to software updates that make an iPhone “waterproof”. A recent misconception is less destructive, and even has a sort of logical undertone to it, flawed as it may be.
The issue: force-quitting your iOS apps.
To be perfectly clear in the meaning of “force-quitting” specificially I mean swiping up to close an app from the chooser. You can't go outside without seeing “normal” people force-quitting apps — this can cause even the most seasoned of us to cringe. It has gotten to the point that I hear this erroneous advice being handed out freely, even by people who should know better. To this day most people assume force-quitting iOS apps will preserve battery life and increase performance.
How Force-Quitting Came About
In order to fully understand the problem we must first go back to the beginning. Apple introduced multitasking and the backgrounding of apps with iOS 4. This was the very beginning of the fallacy.
iOS apps have one of five states of existence:
Not Running Inactive Active Background(ed) Suspended
States 1, 2, and 3 don't pertain to multitasking or backgrounding, so we can leave them be. This leaves us to consider states 4 and 5 — Background and Suspended.
Apple defines both of these states in the App Life Cycle Developers Guide:
Background — The app is in the background and executing code. Most apps enter this state briefly on their way to being suspended. However, an app that requests extra execution time may remain in this state for a period of time. In addition, an app being launched directly into the background enters this state instead of the inactive state…
Suspended — The app is in the background but is not executing code. The system moves apps to this state automatically and does not notify them before doing so. While suspended, an app remains in memory but does not execute any code.
When a low-memory condition occurs, the system may purge suspended apps without notice to make more space for the foreground app.
A backgrounded app is limited in both time and level of access to system resources. Background mode was originally intended to be a “cleanup time” that the developer could use to prepare the app for the next launch. Over the years it has evolved to include activation from push notifications and additional background processing. However, with this expansion of power, Apple has added several user level alerts to inform the user of background activity.
Apple has restricted long-running background tasks to playing audio, recording audio, location updating, VOIP, downloading and processing critical data, and receiving updates from accessories. In order to use long-running background processes the app must declare which tasks it wishes to perform in the info.plist. If you really want to see if an app can run indefinitely in the background, examining the info.plist is a good place to start. Yes, there are some notable problem apps on the market that selfishly grab cycles in the background and drain your battery, but they are in the minority, and Apple has continued to make great strides to restrict these apps.
There are two types of background activity: short running and long running. Short running activities will be completed in just a few minutes, while long running actives are almost always obvious to the users. Force-quitting an app that is playing audio or using your location in the background will of course benefit battery life, but most apps do not fall into this category. Those that do are typically apps that you want to be running while backgrounded.
Most apps that appear in the app switcher are part of the “Suspended” state group. These apps are using no battery, processor, or network time. They do use a small amount of passive memory to enable quick relaunch through app state persistence. If the device runs out of memory, these apps will be purged. Keeping an app Suspended allows for faster relaunching and state restoration than a cold launch provides. This was Apple's intention when creating to suspend state for apps since Apple always wants to make sure the device is providing the fastest experience.
Back to the Matter at Hand
This is where urban legends begin. Many people think that force-quitting these apps will at the very least do no harm since “they aren't running anyway.” The logic of “…you might as well quit, just in case” comes into play. The problem is that force-quitting apps that are Suspended, and not taxing the battery, produces negative effect and can do quite the opposite of the intention.
If you force-quit an app, it's removed from memory, its state is instead saved to disk, and the app is closed or quit. This event triggers a multitude of tasks from disk i/o, to memory swaps, and even cpu cycles processing data. If the app is relaunched, additional resources are required to open it from a closed state as opposed to the faster Suspended state. Since the OS manages purging apps when memory is already low there is no benefit to force-quitting suspended apps, unless of course they are misbehaving and need to be relaunched.
Let us put an end to the misinformation right now.
Force-quitting suspended apps will, under most circumstances, drain your battery faster than simply waiting for the user to return.
The very process of quitting an app will use up a measurable amount of battery life. There are times when the device may need those resources and it will quit the app on your behalf, which will drain the battery in the same fashion. However, modern smartphones have an abundance of memory and you would be surprised how often an app can just stay suspended forever. This is doubly true for any app that you are frequently launching and using, these apps in all likelihood will never need to be closed and the repetitive exiting and relaunching can have a very noticeable toll on your battery life.
The only time you need to force-quit an app is if it is frozen, or otherwise misbehaving — beyond that the best battery life can be attained by not force-quitting any apps.
The following five players were some of the best fantasy performers last season, but their chances of repeating that success for another year are slim to none.
Mark Scheifele, Jets
Mark Scheifele arrived last season. They set career highs in both goals (32) and assists (50), finishing seventh in the NHL with 82 points. Scheifele is a great talent, and plays on an explosively offensive team, but it's highly unlikely they play at a point-per-game pace once again.
Scheifele took fewer shots this past season (160) than the two seasons prior, resulting in an inflated shooting percentage of 20 percent. In fact, their shooting percentage was the third-highest in the league among players who took at least 100 shots. Unless they decide to start shooting more, they will not score 30 goals once again.
Scheifele had a bit of luck in the assist category too. Of their 50 assists, 24 of them were secondary helpers. Even with talented linemates such as Patrik Laine and Nikolaj Ehlers, a near even split of primary and secondary assists in not sustainable for a forward.
Given the depth of the center position in fantasy hockey, let someone else draft Scheifele in the early rounds of your draft.
T.J. Oshie, Capitals
Oshie set a career high in goals with 33 a year ago, despite missing 14 games due to injury. They led the league with a completely unsustainable 23.1 shooting percentage.
Oshie, 30, has been more of a 20-goal scorer over the course of their career, and even though they will likely spend most of 2017-18 alongside Nicklas Backstrom and Alex Ovechkin, this 40-goal pace from last year seems like a total aberration. However, 25 goals should be well within their reach.
Justin Schultz, Penguins
There was plenty of hype surrounding Justin Schultz when they signed with the Edmonton Oilers as a college free agent in 2012. They failed to live up to the bill in Edmonton, but broke out in their first full season as a Penguin, recording 51 points in 78 games a year ago.
Of Schultz's 39 assists, a whopping 17 of them came on the power-play. With Kris Letang missing the bulk of last season, Schultz manned the point on Pittsburgh's top power-play unit alongside forwards Sidney Crosby, Evgeni Malkin, Phil Kessel, and Patric Hornqvist.
It's always a possibility the oft-injured Letang once again misses significant time, but if they don't, Schultz will be relegated to second unit power-play duties, and their point total will suffer because of it.
Mikko Koivu, Wild
Koivu was one of the luckiest players in all fantasy hockey last year. Of their 40 assists, 26 of them were secondary assists - a completely unsustainable rate.
Even if they are somehow able to get lucky two years in a row, they don't carry enough upside in any other category to warrant a selection outside of the final few rounds.
Jimmy Howard, Red Wings
Injuries limited Howard to just 26 games last year, but they were spectacular when healthy, posting career bests in both goals-against average (2.10) and save percentage (.927).
Had Howard played a full season, they likely would have come down to earth, but they will be overdrafted because of those sparkling numbers from a year ago.
The Red Wings were a bad team last year, and they project to be even worse this year, further cementing Howard's status as a regression candidate.
(Photos courtesy: Action Images)
By Hope Yen
The Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The nation's poverty rate stood still at 15 percent last year, the sixth straight year that it has failed to improve.
The Census Bureau reported Sept. 17 that 46.5 million Americans — or more than 1 in 7 — were living in poverty last year. That is not statistically different from the number of impoverished in 2011.
The median household income was $51,017, unchanged from the previous year, following two consecutive annual declines. The share of people without health insurance declined slightly, from 15.7 percent to 15.4 percent.
The last significant decline in the poverty rate came in 2006, during the Bush administration and before the housing bubble burst. In 2011, the poverty rate dipped to 15 percent from 15.1 percent, but census officials said that change was statistically insignificant.
For the last year, the official poverty line was an annual income of $23,492 for a family of four.
The latest poverty numbers present unwelcome news for President Barack Obama as they seek credit for an economic turnaround after the 2007-2009 recession. They said Sept. 16 that congressional Republicans would reverse recent economic gains if they took uncompromising stands in connection with looming budget deadlines.
The Census Bureau's annual report offers a snapshot of the economic well-being of U.S. households for 2012, when the unemployment rate averaged 8.1 percent after reaching an average high of 9.6 percent in 2010.
Typically, the poverty rate tends to move in a similar direction as the unemployment rate, so many analysts had been expecting a modest decline in poverty.
The latest census data show that the gap between rich and poor was largely unchanged over the last year, after increasing steadily since 1993.
GOP conservatives have been demanding a delay of Obama's new health care law as the price for supporting continued federal government spending. The House is also expected to consider a bill this week that would cut food stamps for the poor by an estimated $4 billion annually — 10 times the size of cuts passed by the Democratic Senate — and allow states to put broad new work requirements in place for recipients.
“This lack of improvement in poverty is disappointing and discouraging,” said John Iceland, a former Census Bureau chief of the poverty and health statistics branch who is now a Penn State sociology professor. “This lack of progress in poverty indicates that these small improvements in the economy are not yet being equally shared by all.”
Broken down by state, Mississippi had the highest share of poor people, at 22 percent, according to rough calculations by the Census Bureau. It was followed by Louisiana, New Mexico and Arkansas. On the other end of the scale, New Hampshire had the lowest share, at 8.1 percent.
The official poverty level is based on a government calculation that includes only income before tax deductions. It excludes capital gains or accumulated wealth, such as home ownership.
As a result, the official poverty rate takes into account the effects of some government benefits, such as unemployment compensation. It does not factor in noncash government aid such as tax credits and food stamps.
David Johnson, the chief of the Census Bureau's household economics division, estimated that unemployment benefits helped keep 1.7 million people out of poverty.
If non-cash government aid were counted in the official formula, the earned income tax credit would have lifted another 5.5 million people above the poverty threshold. Food stamps would have boosted 4 million people, lowering the poverty rate to 13.7 percent.
The slight dip in Americans without health coverage meant 48 million people were without insurance. The drop was due mostly to increases in government coverage, such as Medicaid and Medicare. The number of people covered by employer-provided health insurance remained flat.
The decline was modest compared to a bigger drop in 2011, which occurred due to increased coverage for young adults under the new health care law.
Because the main provisions of the Affordable Care Act don't take effect until 2014, the latest census numbers offer a baseline number of uninsured by which increased coverage and effectiveness of the law will be measured. Many conservative Republicans remain committed to repealing it.
Starting next year, the government will offer tax credits for people without access to job-based health insurance to buy private coverage through new markets, called exchanges, in each state. Open enrollment starts Oct 1. The new health care law also expands Medicaid to cover millions more low-income people, but so far only 24 states plus Washington, D.C., have gone along with the expansion.
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that by next year, the health law will reduce the number of uninsured in the U.S. by about 25 percent. By 2017, it is projected that 92 percent of eligible Americans will have health insurance, a 10 percentage point increase from today's level. Poverty remained largely unchanged across race and ethnic groups. Blacks continued to suffer the highest rates of poverty at 27.2 percent, compared to 25.6 percent for Hispanics and 11.7 percent for Asian-Americans. Whites had a poverty rate of 9.7 percent.
Child poverty stood at 21.8 percent. Poverty among people 65 and older was basically unchanged at 9.1 percent, after hitting a record low of 8.9 percent in 2009. (end)
Associated Press writers Mary Clare Jalonick and Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar contributed to this report.
Skateboarding legend Tony Hawk may have just officially sent the Activision PR team into a 720-degree tizzy, tweeting about Tony Hawk: Shred, quite possibly the more shred-tastic follow-up to the skateboard-as-controller experiment Tony Hawk: Ride.
Mr. Hawk cryptically named something that we're just wildly assuming is their next project by way of the Twitter, saying "Tony Hawk: Shred. There, I said it. Actually, I named it. Somewhere a PR team is reeling." Doubtful, as we've been expecting more Tony Hawk: Ride-style games since the first one faceplanted at retail.
We know that Hawk and company are still optimistic about the future of the Tony Hawk: Ride skateboard controller, for better or worse. Tony has previously said that, in addition to more skateboarding games that you can stand on, the option for "other board-type games, [including] surfing, snowboarding" sounds appealing to him.
Advertisement
They shred in snowboarding right? If Tony Hawk: Shred does take Tony and team to the slopes, it wouldn't be the first Tony Hawk branded game to feature the sport. Tony Hawk Motion for the Nintendo DS had its share of snowboarding fun. And with pro snowboarder Shaun White taking on skateboarding, it would bring balance to the world of extreme sports, no?
Update: Looks like Tony has removed said Tweet. But it happened.
There are three little words in health care that without proper treatment can destroy your family's finances and health. Despite this, the amount of people that have ever heard of the words -- non-healing wounds -- remains astonishingly low.
We are not talking about simple cuts, scrapes, or boo. Wound Care is a raw, gritty, extremely visual, and sometimes nauseating field of health care. It is certainly not for the squeamish. At the same time it is the coolest, most visual, and passion filled specialty of healthcare in which to be employed.
The passion runs deep
The wound care community is a segment of health care specialists that have dedicated their lives to the healing and treatment of non-healing wounds. These people live, sleep, eat, breath, and even dream about wound healing. When they are not doing that, they are posting about it on social media. I know this because I work with these amazing individuals every day at Wound Care Advantage (WCA), a company that runs and manages outpatient wound centers for hospitals. As the director of our S.O.A.R. department it is my job to help educate the nation on the dangers of non-healing wounds. According to the Journal of American Podiatric Medical Association approximately half of the patients that develop a diabetic foot ulcer and up to 74 percent that have a lower leg amputation will die within five years! Worse than that, many of these amputations are preventable!
The same study states that the diabetic foot ulcer and amputation death rate is significantly higher than the five-year death rate of prostate cancer and breast cancer and yet the general public is not aware of the danger of dying from a diabetic wound.
The stakes are extremely high in wound care because a lack of quality care can be completely devastating to both a patient and their family.
The growth factors of diabetes and obesity
Most people don't care about wound care until they have the misfortune of knowing someone with a non-healing wound. Regrettably, as Americans, we are going to encounter an increasing number of friends and family with wound care problems each year. With obesity now reaching an epidemic, it is not surprising that diabetes and obesity are the largest contributing factors for wounds. This recipe for health care disaster starts with obesity, which according to the Trust for America's Health, will grow from 12 percent of the U.S. population in 1990 to a projected 44 percent in 2030. Once obese, a person can quickly develop diabetes. According to the Institute for Alternative Futures, U.S. diabetes rates will grow 64 percent from 32.3 million people in 2010 to a projected 53.1 million people in 2025.
The reality of facing a lower limb amputation
Once a patient has developed diabetes their wounds need professional help to heal. Many patients ignore these wounds out of fear, which can lead to infection and even lower limb amputation. No one is ever prepared to face the reality of a diabetic amputation. According to WebMD somewhere in the world every 30 seconds, a diabetic loses a limb and the amputation rate is 10 times higher in people with diabetes than those without. And yet, according to the American College of Foot and Ankle Surgeons, 85 percent of amputations are said to be preventable.
As wound care specialists, our goal is to never get to the point of amputation. We use advanced treatments like hyperbaric therapy, debridements, and venous ablation to treat and heal our patients.
The cool factor of working in wound care
We have noticed a shift in the cool factor of working in wound care lately. To paraphrase our CEO Mike Comer, wound care is the coolest specialty in health care because we can visually watch a wound close and heal before our own eyes.
In a technology-fueled society where we document what we do every second with our smart phones, it is no coincidence that wound care has gone social. It is for this reason that our company has invested in a social marketing department and video production. Our team recently created a video called "What is Wound Care," to help educate the general public about the dangers of wounds and another video campaign to educate hospitals about the 2 percent Medicare sequester cuts.
Clinicians, physicians, med students, product companies and even patients are using social media to converse, story tell and document all things wound care, which is strengthening the community as it grows.
Why we are passionate about wound healing
When I tell friends that I work in wound care, I get to watch a look on their faces turn from wonderment to confusion to the facial expression that would best describe... eww gross! My hope is that over time all of those "eww gross" looks will add up to people who will be better informed if a family member or friend develops a non-healing wound.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (Reuters) - A NASA spacecraft has detected carbon-based materials, similar to what may have been the building blocks for life on Earth, on the Texas-sized dwarf planet Ceres that orbits between Mars and Jupiter in the main asteroid belt, scientists said on Thursday.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft image of the limb of dwarf planet Ceres shows a section of the northern hemisphere in this image on October 17, 2016. Courtesy NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA/Handout via REUTERS
The finding puts Ceres, a rock-and-ice world about 590 miles (950 km) in diameter, on a growing list of places in the solar system of interest to scientists looking for life beyond Earth. The list includes Mars and several ocean-bearing moons of Jupiter and Saturn.
The discovery, published in the journal Science, was made by a team of researchers using NASA's Dawn spacecraft, which has been orbiting Ceres for nearly two years.
“I think these organic molecules are a long way from microbial life,” Dawn lead scientist Christopher Russell of the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) wrote in an email to Reuters. “However, this discovery tells us that we need to explore Ceres further.” Ceres is the largest object in the asteroid belt and is located about three times farther from the sun than Earth. The composition of Ceres is thought to reflect the material present in parts of the solar system when it was forming some 4-1/2 billion years ago.
“The discovery indicates that the starting material in the solar system contained the essential elements, or the building blocks, for life,” Russell said.
“Ceres may have been able to take this process only so far. Perhaps to move further along the path took a larger body with more complex structure and dynamics,” like Earth, Russell added.
The organic material was found near a 31-mile-wide (50-km-wide) crater in Ceres' northern hemisphere. Although the exact molecular compounds in the organics could not be identified, they matched tar-like minerals, such as kerite or asphaltite, the scientists wrote.
“Because Ceres is a dwarf planet that may still preserve internal heat from its formation period and may even contain a subsurface ocean, this opens the possibility that primitive life could have developed on Ceres itself,” planetary scientist Michael Kuppers of the European Space Astronomy Center in Madrid wrote in an related essay in the journal Science.
Based on the location and type of organics found on Ceres, scientists ruled out the possibility they were deposited by a crashing asteroid or comet.
Lead researcher Maria Cristina De Sanctis of Italy's National Institute for Astrophysics and colleagues suspect the material formed inside Ceres through hydrothermal activity, though how the organics reached the surface remains a mystery.
Shia LaBeouf launched Version 3.0 of their plagued They Will Not Divide Us exhibit, originally intended as a four-year-long running protest of President Trump, but it barely lasted a day before Internet detectives conquered it using an astonishingly skillful scientific approach.
LaBeouf and their co-creators erected a white flag emblazoned with the words “He Will Not Divide Us” in an undisclosed location and trained a webcam on it, which they planned to stream continually at the website dedicated to the project.
The flag could have been located anywhere on the planet, and no geographical markers were present in the skywards-facing shot, but this would still prove not enough to stump the community of users on 4Chan and 8Ch boards who teamed up to pinpoint its location and sabotage it in an ultimate contest of “Capture the Flag.”
According to reports and conversations on the boards, viewers discovered contrails from airplanes flying through the scene, and were subsequently able to deduce the general coordinates of the flag to be in Greene County, Tennessee, using flight radar and tracking.
A user then embarked to the region in their car, sounding the horn regularly until viewers monitoring the livestream heard it and further narrowed down the search region.
Finally, users employed analysis of celestial mechanics to determine the tightest space in which the exhibit could be pinpointed.
Users deployed to the location, lowered the flag, and replaced it with a bright red “Make American Great Again” hat and t-shirt depicting Donald Trump and Pepe the Frog.
The entire operation took just one day and a night to execute.
Soon after, the live-stream was disabled. At the time of this writing, it had recently come back online and displays a bare flagpole.
After a short-lived stint in its original configuration as a 24/7 live-streaming camera embedded in a painted wall at the Museum of the Moving Image in New York City, the HWNDU ‘art piece' was relocated to Albuquerque, New Mexico, where it was erected in the same format.
It endured for approximately one month in New York, before the museum opted to shut it down after LeBeouf's arrest for assaulting an observer, and a variety of other ensuing disturbances. The Albuquerque edition survived less than a week before gunfire was reported in its vicinity.
They Will Not Divide Us has spawned a variety of new patriot heroes, united by anti-globalist sentiment, including Uncle Tony Red Pill the Old School New Yorkers, Uncle Chang, and the based black Infowarrior.
Dan Lyman: Facebook | Twitter
None of the three could have been in any doubt about the seriousness of the situation. Anna was trapped; their clothes soaked with ice-cold water; the stream carrying heat away from their body. Even in those first minutes their core temperature was beginning to plunge. Torvind called for help on their mobile phone, explaining the life-and-death predicament to the dispatcher.
As doctors, Torvind, Anna, and Marie had many friends and colleagues in the rescue services—the dispatcher among them. Firm in the faith that they would make every effort to expedite an emergency rescue helicopter or a mountain rescue team, Torvind returned to help keep Anna from slipping under the ice.
Forty minutes after first becoming trapped, Anna's desperate thrashing stopped and their body went limp. The hypothermia, now profound enough to anaesthetise their brain, would soon stop their heart. Another forty minutes passed before rescuers from the bottom of the mountain arrived, carrying with them a more substantial shovel, with a pointed tip that was finally able to break through the covering of ice.
Eighty minutes had passed since Anna had first fallen into the water and their body was pulled clear of the stream limp and blue. They had stopped breathing and was without a pulse.
We call what follows 'downtime'—the period from the moment of cardiac arrest until the point at which spontaneous circulation and breathing can be restored. In that interval, the process of dying begins. Before that comes the 'crash'. If your physiology has crashed, the processes that keep you alive have stopped working.
As the resuscitation effort began on Anna's body in the shadow of those Norwegian mountains, the challenge they faced looked insurmountable. They had been without a pulse for a long time and their core temperature was perhaps more than 20 degrees lower than it should have been. Torvind insisted that they continue their resuscitation attempts. Just before 8:00 p.m., more than an hour and a half after first falling into the stream, Anna was winched onto a helicopter. The struggle to save their lives became a desperate scramble.
When the crew touched down at Tromso University Hospital, Anna's heart had not beaten for at least two hours. Them core temperature was measured at 56.7 degrees Fahrenheit—42 degrees below their normal core, and lower at that point than any surviving patient in recorded medical history. This was genuine terra incognita. Any attempt to resuscitate Anna further could only proceed in the knowledge that in similar situations past medical teams had always failed.
But the team at Tromso decided to continue. Despite the amount of time that had passed since Anna's heart had first stopped, there was still the glimmer of a hope that the terrible cold might also have protected and preserved them brain.
Mads Gilbert, the anesthetist leading the resuscitation effort, moved Anna directly to the operating theater. They knew that raising their temperature at this point was going to be a massive challenge. Raising the whole body through those 42 missing degrees would take an enormous amount of energy—equivalent to the boiling of dozens of kettles of water.
Here's a megaproject I made in 40d16 late last year, thought some people might be interested.Essentially, it's a huge floating oblate spheroid, with a side-to-side diameter of 64 and top to bottom diameter of 32. I made it by building the lower half shell out of basalt, then filling it in with obsidian via a lava/water pumping tower thingy; once the lower half was filled in, I built each outer shell layer then filled it in before doing the next. Lava was supplied by a volcano, and water from an underground river. If anyone wants to build their own fortress in the inside of it, I have a save from when the sphere was done but before I started carving into it (if someone could let me know a decent place to upload it, that'd be great).As it turns out, I built it a bit too close to the lower edge of the map and one side got a bit squished, but that makes it look more like a death star, so I can't complain.And, without further ado, pics:The first five levels of the lower shell: http://imgur.com/2khmI.jpg The completed lower shell: http://imgur.com/L0x2G.jpg The obsidian casting tower: http://imgur.com/0B9hV.jpg The first layer of obsidian casting: http://imgur.com/lbva7.gif View from inside during casting: http://imgur.com/WusNI.jpg It became apparent that the initial casting tower wasn't up to the job, here's the MkII casting tower: http://imgur.com/afw20.jpg Another angle: http://imgur.com/sAlCU.jpg And yet another: http://imgur.com/OfZwP.jpg Side view: http://imgur.com/E85um.jpg The first layer poured with the new tower: http://imgur.com/4UX6u.gif Another view from inside: http://imgur.com/usK8e.jpg Time-lapse filling of the lower half: http://imgur.com/4TGx4.gif http://imgur.com/UtFUy.jpg 18 HalfDone.jpg http://imgur.com/2Gb7Y.jpg 19 HalfDone.jpg http://imgur.com/eEC1d.jpg 13 HalfDone.jpg http://imgur.com/vdVFk.jpg 14 HalfDone.jpg http://imgur.com/6hU9w.jpg 15 HalfDone.jpg http://imgur.com/jzWjP.jpg 16 HalfDone.jpg http://imgur.com/ys9v8.jpg 17 HalfDone.jpgThe volcano was full before I started: http://imgur.com/yQSgD.jpg There were a few little holes that got missed when building the lower half, here's the contraption I used to help fill them, along with its deconstruction: http://imgur.com/C7P2n.gif An animation of the first top layer being cast: http://imgur.com/2TjHr.gif Time lapse of a few more top layers: http://imgur.com/pDYir.gif A bunch of pictures from when it was almost done:The last layer and starting the deconstruction of the casting tower: http://imgur.com/rLpyE.gif A crude fly-by of the sphere after the casting tower was removed. A couple of holes remain: http://imgur.com/Y5cAJ.gif
Even as bitcoin's status as a revolutionary payment network is still under debate, another cryptocurrency has staked its claim to the original cryptocurrency's throne. Launched as XCoin in 2014, Dash has corralled an impressive following among cryptocurrency enthusiasts for its fast processing time and innovations in mining.
“We are the largest (cryptocurrency) in the space that is positioning ourselves as a payment network,” claims Ryan Taylor, Dash CEO. The Arizona-based startup behind the cryptocurrency has inked partnership agreements with four payment gateways, including one with a network that processes payments for the lucrative yet cash-only cannabis industry. In addition, it is developing Zimbabwe's first cryptocurrency to lower inflation costs and is already present in Venezuela, another region beset by inflation and high transaction fees. These initiatives should drive up transaction volumes for the cryptocurrency, increase its network effects, utility, and valuations.
Even then, Dash hasn't done too badly for itself this year. The cryptocurrency's price is up by more than 8,100 percent this year as of this writing. At 13:45 UTC, the cryptocurrency was valued at $6.9 billion and was trading at $897.08.
Bitcoin's Shortcomings As A Payment System
Ryan Taylor, who previously worked as a payments industry research analyst, does not mince words while discussing bitcoin's unsuitability as a payment network. “I think there's a real disconnect between the way that the network is designed and the actual attributes of a payment network,” they say.
On the merchant side, bitcoin requires significant investments in infrastructure and technical know-how for operations. For example, merchants either need to host their own node or interface with third-party applications to process payments.
Customers also get the short end of the stick when bitcoin is a payment processor because of high transaction fees and “extensive coaching” and instructions to be able to make the payment. “The merchant is less price-sensitive than customers,” explains Taylor. “So they've put the fees in the wrong place.”
Dash has developed an API (Application Programming Interface) that is accessible to merchant systems through a simple copy-paste operation involving a snippet of code. The code can be pasted onto their checkout page or Point of Sales (PoS) systems.
A Different Rewards System And Faster Processing Time
On the operational front as well, the company works differently as compared to other cryptocurrency outfits. Instead of full nodes with entire blockchain histories, Dash has instituted a selection system of "masternodes" that are responsible for conducting the tasks of a full node and are paid on a weekly basis in the cryptocurrency to balance the global ledger. There are about 4,700 masternodes in Dash's network to ensure faster transaction processing times.
In other cryptocurrencies, miners get the entire reward for making a transaction block. In Dash, the reward is divided between miners (who get 45% of the overall payment), masternodes (again, 45% of the overall payment) and the cryptocurrency's treasury (10% of the overall reward). The treasury sets aside funds for business development, such as sales and marketing activities. This business model has enabled Dash to proactively seek out customers for its network, instead of being dependent on donations or being bankrolled by large academic institutions like MIT. For example, Dash's partnership with KuvaCash in Zimbabwe is funded with money from its treasury.
The overall goal of these improvements is to scale the network quickly. “Up to now, we (the cryptocurrency ecosystem) have been missing the broader picture,” says Taylor. “If you can't find a way to scale the technology, the consequences are enormous.”
Other similar initiatives, such as Bitcoin's Lightning Network, fall short in their estimates because they are some time away from full implementation. “We need that (fast transaction processing) capacity now,” they say. (See also: Is Bitcoin's Lightning Network A Game Changer?)
To that end, Dash has also partnered with the Arizona State University for blockchain research related to scaling its network. According to Taylor, the research is focused on various technologies that can allow blocks to propagate the network more quickly, such as compact blocks and use of graphene, a blockchain ecosystem, in the market.
The Time Factor
But Taylor's vision of a cryptocurrency ecosystem will take time because it is also susceptible to the same problems as its rivals. For example, the economics of energy-intensive bitcoin mining may catch up with the Dash network as it scales. Already, the company has shifted to ASIC machines from its initial base of home computers.
The shift towards cryptocurrencies, even in emerging and troubled markets (such as Venezuela and Zimbabwe), will also not happen overnight as the economies grapple with a bunch of different economic problems at the same time. In the meanwhile, adoption rate numbers for commercial transactions in developed countries are pretty low. This limits Dash's current market.
Then, there is the problem with competition. Litecoin and bitcoin's Lightning Network have more media traction and are present in Asian countries such as Japan and South Korea, which have embraced cryptocurrencies. See also: Is Litecoin The Future of Cryptocurrency?)
With how much I talk about beer in my daily life, one of the most-raised inquiries is “Where do I start?” I find that, generally, people who haven't tried local (for whatever reason – usually lack of brand knowledge, or non-availability) have a pretty open mind, and would love to support the craft industry if they could find a beer they liked. I usually hear that they had a bad experience trying someone else's IPA or stout (“I don't like dark beers!”, they dramatically state), and it's turned them off to expanding their taste completely.
So here, ladies and germs, is the list – 7 beers (in order!) that will show off the best OCB has to offer in the light-and-non-offensive-to-a-macro-palate beers.
Remember now, it probably took you years to get to that bourbon-barrel aged dry-hopped Imperial Stout; don't be mean to new craft drinkers. Encourage them to explore pressure free, and simply make recommendations when asked. LCBO links included for your (and their!) visual shopping pleasure.
“But (big beer) is the only one I like!”
Well, this is about as close to the perfect summer-day beer one can get. At 4.16%, straw-pale, and light as a feather, Amsterdam's ode to the Toronto area code is the simple, easy to drink, palatable introduction to craft, or as I like to call it, “What beer really tastes like”.
“I don't like Ales. They're too bitter.”
Well good, because this is another one you might like. With at least some body, and scratching the surface of a malt taste, this well-rounded lager will please any thirsty person. A bonus point for appealing to hockey fans in it's branding, which (through my experience) actually draws inexperienced drinkers to it.
“I've had this before!” / “I love the Hip! WHERE THE GREAT PLAINS BEGIN!”
Probably. A widely circulated light lager (thanks, Mill St!), I find Organic is usually the only option for craft at some smaller-scale bars, especially on the outskirts of Toronto. More of the easy-to-drink style, and looks appealing in it's clear bottle. A little bit more “beery-ness” (A word I invented just now) as well, which leads us to the Amber.
If they've already experienced Organic, 100th Meridian is a fantastic alternate. (Pour it into a glass and watch your friend's eyes widen as they exclaim “It's too dark, I'll hate it!”. Giggle condescendingly.) It is fresh, clean, and most of all, likely different from what your pal is used to tasting, which is always important.
“I DON'T LIKE THE AFTERTASTE.”
Quiet, you. Welcome to Pilsnertown (though I guess we can just call it Plzen). With a taste and flavor profile any Toronto beer fan could pick out of a lineup with relative ease, Steamwhistle is the first and only Pilsner on the list. Take time to explain the malt and Saaz hop combo they're tasting, and remind them of your (read: Mike's) favourite Czech proverb: “A fine beer may be judged in one sip, but it is better to be thoroughly sure.” Make sure this one's in a glass for the full experience. For the bonus round, take ‘em straight to the brewery for fun, a tour, and free beer.
“Why are all the labels different?”
Collective Arts did something really, really cool with their packaging, by making different series bottles and labels featuring “indie” artists and musicians, as well as collaboration with local Toronto radio station Indie88. Beer wise, they're also doing incredibly awesome small-batch beers, like this citrusy low-ABV blonde ale. Your new craft buddy will appreciate its not-so-subtle orange and lemon flavours as well as a distinct, crisp (but not intimidating) bite that sets it apart from its nearest comparison (The orange guy with the mohawk).
“Do I have to drink the whole bottle?”
And now, for something completely different. Trying to explain what makes a Lagered Ale a Lagered Ale will be fruitless, so I'd usually introduce this as “It's beer, and it's new, so f**cking drink it and tell me what you think”. Beau's most circulated offering, this favourite of mine really profiles a solid, crisp lager with a bitterness that, (if you've followed this list) by now, shouldn't intimidate your new craft fan. That, I think, is the best descriptor of Lug Tread for a new beer drinker: different. At least to me, when I had it, I didn't know how to describe what I was tasting… but I knew I hadn't tasted it before. And yes – you do have to finish the bottle. What did I tell you about the Czechs?
“An IPA? OMGWTFBBBQ SERIOUSLY? NO. TOO Many HOPS. WHY ARE YOU GIVING ME THIS?!?!”
Because it's 30 IBU, and damn solid as an intro to the world of IPA that all of us snobs love. A great chat to have with Detour is the absolute unworldly variance of what an IPA actually is, and how intense a hop profile they can get. Again, the introduction to craft should be about the fun and interest in trying something different, and exploring what the “style” or “label” means behind the brewery's philosophy or the kind of beer in your glass. Muskoka's golden IPA smells sweet and even slightly cirtusy, and though you can absolutely taste the dry-hopped intensity, I don't think this is intense enough to turn anyone off of IPAs entirely.
–
With my introduction to craft now complete, I feel like a reminder is due: This list is intended to spark an interest in the story of local craft brewing as well as a “there are other options out there” attitude with new craft drinkers.
With that in mind – may your glasses be full, your friends open-minded, and your craft-snob integrity intact. Cheers!
–
What do you think of my list? Comments or questions? Hit me up on Twitter or Instagram and tell me what you think.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The Central Conference of American Rabbis (CCAR) and the Alliance of Baptists are are joining as plaintiffs in a federal lawsuit challenging North Carolina's ban on same-sex marriage.
The United Church of Christ filed the lawsuit in April, challenging North Carolina's state ban on same-sex marriage, claiming the ban is a violation of freedom of religion.
The suit is believed to be the nation's first faith-based challenge to same-sex marriage bans.
Now, more clergy members are joining the suit, saying they'd like to perform same-sex marriage ceremonies in their congregations, but that they can't because of the “unjust law.”
As it stands, North Carolina law makes it illegal for rabbis, priests, ministers and other religious officials to solemnize the marriage of same-sex couples on an equal basis with opposite sex couples without fear of criminal prosecution and civil penalty.
“This precludes rabbis from participating in one of the fundamental aspects of our Jewish religious traditions with respect to a specific segment of their congregations and communities,” said Rabbi Steven Fox, Chief Executive of the CCAR, in a statement.
“Depriving rabbis of the freedom to conduct same-sex marriage ceremonies in North Carolina stigmatizes our religious beliefs and relegates many of our congregants and community members to second-class status,” they said.
With more than 2,000 rabbis in the U.S., Canada and beyond, the CCAR is the largest Jewish rabbinic movement in North America and represents an estimated 1.5 million Jews worldwide.
Article continues below
The Alliance of Baptists began in 1987 and is composed of male and female laity and clergy, people of diverse sexual orientations, gender identities, theological beliefs and ministry practices.
“By the joining the lawsuit in North Carolina, we are living deeply into our Christian values and offering a clear, Baptist voice for justice and religious liberty,” Alliance President Mike Castle said in a statement.
Additional plaintiffs include local clergy from other faith traditions and same-sex couples in Charlotte, Asheville, Concord and Huntersville, reports the Charlotte Observer.
The case is General Synod of the United Church of Christ vs. Cooper. It is one of four federal lawsuits challenging North Carolina's constitutional ban, which was approved by voters in 2012.
This Story Filed Under
Tim Esterdahl | Mar 12, 2014 | Comments 9
0 Flares 0 Flares ×
The ongoing saga of GM's failure to report a recall in a timely manner has now gotten the attention of a U.S. House committee. The committee said late Monday, March 10, 2014 that it will hold an investigation and have hearings on the issue. It plans on calling both GM and NHTSA officials to testify.
A subcommittee of the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee will lead the investigation and hold the hearings as part of the government's probe. The plan is to better determine who laws Congress has passed over the years to prevent recall blunders failed. “Did the company or regulators miss something that could have flagged these problems sooner? If the answer is yes, we must learn how and why this happened, and then determine whether this system of reporting and analyzing complaints that Congress created to save lives is being implemented and working as the law intended,” U.S. Rep. Fred Upton, R-Mich., chairperson of the committee, said in a statement Monday. The U.S. Senate may get involved as well with Jay Rockefeller, D- W. Va. calling for a subcommittee hearing. As part of the probe, the committee will look at how the Tread Act was not properly followed. The act requires automakers to report complaints of defects in a timely manner to the NHTSA. Also, it makes it easier to identify and track automotive safety defects. The Tread Act, sponsored by Upton, was passed in response to a 2000 subcommittee that investigated the rollovers of Ford Explorers equipped with Firestone tires. That problem was linked to 271 deaths and had years of complaints before it was addressed. It leads to multiple lawsuits, a massive recall from Firestone, was one of the leading reasons for the closing of the Firestone plant in Decatur, Illinois and lead Bridgestone/Firestone to announce an end to a 100-year partnership with Ford. “Here we are over a decade later, faced with accidents and tragedies, and significant questions need to be answered,” Upton said in a statement. “Did the company or regulators miss something that could have flagged these problems sooner? Americans deserve to have the peace of mind that they are safe behind the wheel.” Also, GM has announced they have hired Jenner and Block Chairman Anton Valukas to help lead an internal probe of the handling of the recall. Valukas served as U.S. Justice Department-appointed examiner of the downfall of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Valukas will work with GM's general counsel Michael Millikin and attorneys from the law firm King & Spalding according to a statement. It was also revealed that the NHTSA could also seek criminal charges against GM. GM's new CEO Mary Barra is reportedly working non-stop on this issue along with long-time GM executive Mark Reuss, Executive Vice President, Global Product Development, Purchasing and Supply Chain. They see this recall as a key early test of the “new” GM and Barra's leadership and legacy. Another developing story from this recall deals with the legal issues around GM's bankruptcy. There has been some speculation that GM may not be “legally” responsible for the recall mishap post bankruptcy. For GM, this recall is certainly a big black eye. We will keep you informed as the saga continues. Related Post:
In the battle for market share, single-serve systems are helping coffee remain competitive, Judith Ganes-Chase, a consultant to the coffee industry, said. “The industry has to be innovative. There is a lot of competition from other beverages in the marketplace,” Ms. Ganes-Chase said. “One of the biggest issues has always been the convenience factor of how to get a good cup of coffee to the consumer at any point in the day, when it is demanded.”
Photo
Ric Rhinehart, executive director of the Specialty Coffee Association of America, said that although single-serve sales were growing rapidly, they still amounted to a small percentage of the more than 100 billion cups of coffee Americans drink every year.
Green Mountain's K-Cups come in 300 varieties of coffee, tea and hot chocolate, and a new line of blends made to be brewed over ice. The cost varies, but is often about 60 cents a cup, or $25 a pound of coffee.
At the plant, in a mountain valley between Burlington and Montpelier, burlap sacks of green coffee beans from all over the world are stacked on tall pallet loads in one warehouse. Next door, the beans are roasted. Most are then ground and packed into K-Cups.
The containers resemble oversize creamer tubs. On machines here, they are lined with paper filters, filled with coffee, topped off with nitrogen gas to prevent oxidization, and sealed with foil. The cups work with brewing machines designed by Keurig, a Reading, Mass., subsidiary of Green Mountain.
In the machine, pins puncture the foil top and plastic bottom of the K-Cup, and hot water flows through, brewing a drink into a mug. Then the little cup gets tossed.
Michael Dupee, Green Mountain's vice president for corporate social responsibility, said some customers did not like to see the waste. “Consumers see the waste stream,” Mr. Dupee said, “and they compare it to what they had done before, and they have a perception that there is a problem.”
Photo
To some consumers, however, the convenience and efficiency override the waste issue.
“We used to make a pot of coffee, and we would be throwing it out all the time,” said Michael Hurley, who uses the K-Cup system for concessions at small-town movie theaters they own in Belfast and Houlton, Me. “So we don't do that anymore. And when people come in, they get exactly what they want.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Dupee showed off a prototype that Green Mountain planned to test this summer. It is a paper K-Cup, filled with Celestial Seasonings tea, that eliminates the plastic and the aluminum foil. In addition, they said many consumers had started brewing coffee in reusable metal-mesh filters for the Keurig machines, which accept ground coffee.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Green Mountain, they said, has also commissioned a life-cycle analysis to understand the environmental costs of the K-Cups. Though they would not discuss details of the analysis, pending a third-party review, they did say the study found that most of the impacts occur where the packaging is produced, not where the waste is disposed. They said they had been working with suppliers to make their manufacturing processes cleaner and more efficient.
They also cited Green Mountain's collaboration with International Paper to develop the Ecotainer — a hot-beverage cup with a plant-based, compostable lining — as an example of progress in packaging.
Other coffee companies are also wrestling with the waste issue. Businesses that use Flavia pods, which is made by Mars, are able to ship the used pods to the New Jersey company TerraCycle, which will compost the coffee or tea and reuse the plastic in products like pavers and fencing, a TerraCycle spokesperson, Albe Zakes said. More than 2.5 million Flavia packs in the United States have been recycled in the last year. Mars sells a billion drinks a year in 35,000 workplaces worldwide.
In Britain, Mr. Zakes said, TerraCycle has processed more than 800,000 coffee discs from Kraft's Tassimo single-serve system. The results are being evaluated for possible application in the United States, a Kraft spokesperson, Bridget MacConnell, said. Kraft and Mars are paying for collecting the pods, including shipping costs to TerraCycle.
Photo
Sara Lee has a simpler solution for its Senseo pods — the coffee-filled filter bags are made of paper and are biodegradable and compostable.
Nestlé's upscale Nespresso system uses aluminum capsules, and it has started a pilot program to collect used pods for recycling at some Nespresso Boutiques.
Ms. Hoover, of the Natural Resources Defense Council, said another option was to include prepaid mailers with coffee pods, as Hewlett-Packard has done for ink-jet cartridges.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Green Mountain's chief executive, Lawrence J. Blanford, said the K-Cups had some environmental benefits. Brewing one cup at a time means less wasted coffee at the bottom of the pot, and this reduces the overall environmental impact per cup of coffee.
K-Cups are also increasing demand for fair-trade coffees, they said, which accounted for 30 percent of Green Mountain sales in 2009. Fair-trade-certified coffees ensure that coffee farmers are paid a fair price per pound, and that coffee farms meet certain environmental standards.
Peter Meehan, chief executive of Newman's Own Organics, said the success of the K-Cups, which are their company's fastest-growing product, had helped Newman expand the market for organic products.
Still, Ms. Hoover wonders whether there is a simpler solution to the waste question. “At some point you have to ask, ‘But do we need this product enough that we need to be trying to find all these different solutions for the components of it, or can we just go back to the old way that we used to make coffee, and was that good enough?' ”
Every year since 1987, Death Valley National Park has played host to an event that has become known by some as the world's toughest footrace: the Badwater 135 Ultramarathon. The race begins at Badwater, the lowest point in North America at 282 feet below sea level, and trudges its way 135 miles to Whitney Portal at an elevation of 8,360 feet, just a few miles short of the summit of Mt. Whitney in the Sierra Nevada range. The climb itself would be challenging enough, but the moniker of “world's toughest” also comes from the fact that the race is held in July when temperatures can reach 120 degrees or more, even in the shade. The race's website cautions entrants to keep foot care items in a cool place, lest they melt and become useless. Badwater has been the subject of a feature-length documentary and a 60 Minutes special report and is (to say the least) legendary in the ultrarunning community.
This year, however, Death Valley will not see runners line up at Badwater for one of the world's ultimate tests of endurance. Late last year, the National Park Service posted the following statement on its website:
Effective immediately Death Valley National Park will temporarily discontinue issuance of running and bicycling event permits. Future event permits will not be considered until a thorough safety evaluation of this type of activity has been completed.
The statement was unaccompanied by any explanation until some time later. Currently on their website the NPS has the following statement:
Recently, Death Valley National Park placed a temporary moratorium on issuing special use permits for sporting events within the park while a safety assessment is conducted on these types of events. The outcomes of the safety assessment and recommendations are required before final sporting event applications can be processed. Based on the projected date for completion of the safety assessment (Summer 2014), applications can be submitted for events that are scheduled from October 1, 2014 and beyond. The park will begin processing those applications when the safety review is completed.
According to a statement posted by AdventureCORPS (Badwater's organizers) in response to the NPS's decision, the NPS gave no advance notice about their decision. AdventureCORPS maintains that the ostensible purpose of the moratorium, a safety review, is unnecessary: “There have been no deaths, no car crashes, no citations issued, and only a few evacuations by ambulance after literally millions of miles covered on foot or by bike by event participants.” Though they declined to name the specific event, a spokesperson told the LA Times that “a support-vehicle driver fell asleep and veered across the narrow road into the gravel, said the spokesperson.” Speaking to ultrarunnerpodcast.com, however, Christ Kostman clarified the incident: the vehicle was not a support vehicle and the person lost control of their vehicle due to an apparent medical issue. Aside from that single incident, it seems that the NPS and DVNP Superintendent Kathy Billings have very little reason to suspend all sporting events in the park.
That brings us to the thrilling topic of administrative law!
In the federal system, the Administrative Procedure Act is the primary statute in that field. For a summary of the APA there's a pretty succinct page at the website for the Electronic Privacy Information Center. Very briefly, the APA sets out requirements for the procedures that government agencies must follow in carrying out their functions and making rules and regulations. To insure that agencies abide by the Act's requirements, courts have jurisdiction to review agency actions (although that jurisdiction is limited). The National Park Service, as a government agency, is subject to the requirements of the APA. For that reason, it's possible that there could be some redress for AdventureCORPS in the APA. To sum up a whole host of Supreme Court opinions in a way that I'm sure does very little justice to the topic of administrative law, just know that agencies generally are given broad leeway by the courts, but in order to get that deference, they will usually have to go through formal decision-making processes.
Administrative law is far from my specialty, so I'm going to compare the Badwater situation to another case from 2004, Randall v. Norton (pdf) (United States District Court for the District of New Mexico, 2004). That case involved noncommercial boaters wanting to get out on the Colorado River in the Grand Canyon. In 1979, in order to allocate user permits, the NPS “produced a Colorado River Management Plan (CRMP) that was accompanied by an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS), as required under the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA).” The plan was updated in 1989. A problem arose, however, when the plaintiffs wanted to use the river. Because the allocation between commercial tour companies and noncommercial boaters was based on figures that dated back to 1979, the plaintiffs argued that “the rules and regulations governing the allocation of use between commercial and noncommercial boaters [were] arbitrary and capricious.”
Unfortunately for the hopes of the plaintiffs in the case, remember that the APA only gives courts a limited ability to review actions by administrative agencies. A court can “hold unlawful and set aside agency action, findings, and conclusions found to be . . . arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law.” 5 U.S.C. § 706(2)(A). A further blow to the plaintiffs' case came from a 1985 Supreme Court case:
If the record before the agency does not support the agency action, if the agency has not considered all relevant factors, or if the reviewing court simply cannot evaluate the challenged agency action on the basis of the record before it, the proper course, except in rare circumstances, is to remand to the agency for additional investigation or explanation.
Fla. Power & Light Co. v. Lorion, 470 U.S. 729, 744 (1985) (emphasis added). The Randall Court rather easily dismissed the bulk of the lawsuit. According to the Court, the lawsuit merely “posit[ed] a disagreement with the outcome of the administrative process.” In those situations, courts won't (or aren't supposed to) substitute their own judgment for that of the agency. Thus, as the Court put it “the agency need only demonstrate that it considered relevant factors and alternatives after a full ventilation of issues and that the choice it made was reasonable based on that consideration.” So much for the bulk of that case. The Court acknowledged, however, that the claim that the park superintendent “‘ignored evidence' of the increase in demand for noncommercial use” was reviewable under the APA. Finding that the adoption of the CRMP was “final agency action” and that the claim was ripe for review, the Court analyzed whether NPS's actions were arbitrary and capricious. Citing a 1983 Supreme Court case, the Court laid out the relevant standard for “arbitrary and capricious” review: [T]he agency . . . relied on factors which Congress has not intended it to consider, entirely failed to consider an important aspect of the problem, offered an explanation for its decision that runs counter to the evidence before the agency, or is so implausible that it could not be ascribed to a difference in view or the product of agency expertise. Motor Vehicle Mfrs. Ass'n v. State Farm Mut. Auto. Ins. Co., 463 U.S. 29, 43 (1983) (emphasis added by District Court). Without going into all the particulars, the Court ultimately found that “[t]he administrative record presently before the Court demonstrates that the NPS . . . weighed a number of appropriate factors ” in making its decision. Thus the decision was not “arbitrary and capricious” and there was “no clear error in the decision to terminate the review process or in the allocation itself.” The Plaintiffs didn't lose all of their claims, however. In the 1989 CRMP, the NPS imposed upon itself a mandatory, non-discretionary duty to conduct a comprehensive plan review prior to the expiration of the then-current plan (i.e., by 1999). Everyone agreed that that comprehensive review had not been completed. The Court pointed out that “compelling agency action is distinct from ordering a particular outcome” and ” directed [the Defendants] to complete a comprehensive review of the 1989 CRMP.” I realize that's an awful lot in the way of a windup, but I'm still learning about this area of the law myself. I think that case gives a bit of a window into the situation with Badwater. I'll stop at this point to say that the following is only my best guess at how a case might go if the folks at AdventureCORPS took their situation to court. I'm offering only my general take on how the legal issues might play out here. See the disclaimer in the sidebar if there's any confusion about that. Now then . . . The fact that the superintendent suspended all sporting events in the park with barely a shred of evidence that the events are unsafe–at least if they have some evidence, park officials haven't been very forthcoming up to this point–almost screams “arbitrary and capricious” to me. Perhaps NPS has some incidents they're just not telling the public about. It seems that that information would have to come out during the discovery phase of any lawsuit, but we can't know for sure at this point. But could AdventureCORPS even clear the substantial procedural hurdles in their way? Courts can only review “final agency action,” not merely temporary measures. Because park officials say they're going to complete a safety assessment later this year, it's possible their decision might not constitution final action on their part. On the other hand, Randall v. Norton also involved a review process and the court found that there was final agency action there. Of course, the only remedy was that NPS was ordered to complete its review, so AdventureCORPS might have to wait until later this year before they'd even have a case that was ripe for review. If a court agreed to hear the merits of the argument now, however (and assuming Kostman's events really do have the safety record they claim they do), it wouldn't surprise me to learn that the NPS had lost this case. All the publicly-availabe evidence suggests that the decision to suspend all permits for sporting events was a decision that was made almost on a whim and without any careful consideration of the actual safety record of sporting events in the park or whether an as-of-yet undefined safety assessment is either necessary or likely to measurably increase the safety of current and future events. For the 2014 race, Badwater is plowing ahead with a different course that doesn't include DVNP. AdventureCORPS continues to have great success with its other foot races: Badwater Salton Sea (a team event) and Badwater Cape Fear (new this year). Still, for a race with such a storied history, it's more than a little bit disappointing that the race is being forced out of its home of two decades. Perhaps the NPS will think better of this decision, but given the broad discretion they are given by current administrative law, it doesn't seem like they have much incentive do to so.
Advertisements
OBJECTIVE:
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have anticolorectal cancer (CRC) activity. The intestinal microbiota has been implicated in colorectal carcinogenesis. Dietary omega-3 PUFAs alter the mouse intestinal microbiome compatible with antineoplastic activity. Therefore, we investigated the effect of omega-3 PUFA supplements on the faecal microbiome in middle-aged, healthy volunteers (n=22).
DESIGN:
A randomised, open-label, cross-over trial of 8 weeks' treatment with 4 g mixed eicosapentaenoic acid/docosahexaenoic acid in two formulations (soft-gel capsules and Smartfish drinks), separated by a 12-week 'washout' period. Faecal samples were collected at five time-points for microbiome analysis by 16S ribosomal RNA PCR and Illumina MiSeq sequencing. Red blood cell (RBC) fatty acid analysis was performed by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry.
RESULTS:
Both omega-3 PUFA formulations induced similar changes in RBC fatty acid content, except that drinks were associated with a larger, and more prolonged, decrease in omega-6 PUFA arachidonic acid than the capsule intervention (p=0.02). There were no significant changes in α or β diversity, or phyla composition, associated with omega-3 PUFA supplementation. However, a reversible increased abundance of several genera, including Bifidobacterium, Roseburia and Lactobacillus was observed with one or both omega-3 PUFA interventions. Microbiome changes did not correlate with RBC omega-3 PUFA incorporation or development of omega-3 PUFA-induced diarrhoea. There were no treatment order effects.
CONCLUSION:
Omega-3 PUFA supplementation induces a reversible increase in several short-chain fatty acid-producing bacteria, independently of the method of administration. There is no simple relationship between the intestinal microbiome and systemic omega-3 PUFA exposure.
TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER:
ISRCTN18662143.
© Article author(s) (or their employer(s) unless otherwise stated in the text of the article) 2018. All rights reserved. No commercial use is permitted unless otherwise expressly granted.
Santa Ana Cathedral, El Salvador. (Photo: Jose Herrera; Edited: LW / TO)
Show your support for independent news and help Truthout survive. Click here to fund more stories like this one!
Seventeen women, ages 19 to 30 years old at their sentencing, remain in prison in El Salvador as international pressure rises to exonerate them.
The women were all convicted on the charge of “aggravated homicide” of a newborn. At least one of them underwent a psychiatric evaluation and exhibited intellectual disabilities. Most of them suffered miscarriages, premature births or stillbirths; all of them were poor and without access to prenatal care or obstetrical services; and the majority of them have been sentenced to – and are serving – 30 years in prison.
According to Julia Evelyn Martínez, university professor of economics in El Salvador and social advocate, these women have been wrongly accused and convicted of the crime of murder.
“One needs to understand that all of these cases deal with women who have lived and continue to live in situations of extreme financial need, without social support networks or access to quality health services,” Martinez said. “Most of them had obstetrical problems during their pregnancies and suffered miscarriages or went through childbirth without either health or medical care. They arrived at public hospitals unconscious, bleeding, in search of assistance, at which point, in flagrant violation of professional ethics, they were reported, tried and sentenced, first for abortion and then for aggravated homicide, forcing them out of hospital and into prison.”
Martínez goes on to describe the legal maneuvering that led to these women's convictions and is keeping them in prison.
“… These women are not accused of abortion, but of aggravated homicide, and therefore are not eligible for pardon. But what they disingenuously forget to say is that all of these women were first accused of abortion, and that in the process of their trial, prosecutors and/or judges made the decision to change the charge to aggravated homicide, in case the prosecution could not present convincing evidence that the deaths of these newborns were intentionally caused by the women.
Abortion is completely banned in El Salvador, no matter what the circumstances. The Constitution was modified in 1999 to include the recognition of life at the moment of conception. According to the Feminist Collective for Local Development in El Salvador (Colectiva Feminista para el desarrollo local de El SalvadorColectiva Feminista para el desarrollo local de El Salvador):
Presently – thanks to the powerful lobby of the Catholic Church, prolife groups and the conservative political right – Salvadoran lawmakers have eliminated all exceptions that would allow a woman to resort to an abortion. Article 133 of the Penal Code in force strenuously condemns any type of abortion. Under the current law, a person who carries out an abortion with the consent of the carrier or a woman who induces an abortion may be condemned to prison with sentences from 2 to 12 years.
Under the law, there is no legal separation between miscarriage or spontaneous abortion and abortion that is induced. So all types of pregnancy interruptions that result in the death of the fetus are potentially considered as homicides. Again from the Collective:
“In addition to the illegality of abortion is the lack of a clear legal definition of what is an abortion and/or pregnancy interruption. Spontaneous abortions and premature deliveries of advanced pregnancies that result in the death of the fetus are considered to have been provoked by the woman and are, therefore, homicides.”
In fact, there are many more women in prison for abortion than these 17. According to the Free the 17 Association (Plataforma Libertad para las 17), more than 125 women are imprisoned for that “crime,” serving sentences ranging from 11- 40 years.
But for these 17 women, the particulars of their cases and the fact that they were so egregiously mishandled in court should make them eligible for pardon, even under the country's draconian antiabortion laws. The question remains whether the legal switch to accusations of murder can be overcome as well.
Libertad para las 17 and the Feminist Collective have spearheaded the campaign to release the women in El Salvador. In March, they presented a petition to the government requesting a pardon. They call their campaign, “A Flower for the 17” (Una flor por las 17).
Here is a biography of just one of the 17, provided by the Feministas organization in Spain:
Mirian From the outskirts of Morazan: When the incident occurred in 2001 they were 25 years old. They experienced learning difficulties at school and is illiterate. They had a convulsion when they were 16. According to a psychiatric evaluation that was performed, they exhibit some form of mental retardation. They were accused without proof of being guilty of the death of the infant they were carrying. The autopsy clearly specified that the cause of the newborn's death was undetermined and that it could not be verified whether it had been alive at the moment Mirian gave birth or whether it had already been dead. Because of their lack of financial resources, Mirian could not pay a lawyer and had a public defender who failed to assert the inconsistencies in the evidence. Condemned to 30 years in prison, they have served 13 years. (6)
There is a petition asking John Kerry to call upon the Government of El Salvador for the release of the 17.
Road Warrior Animal was one-half of one of the most identifiable and over acts in professional wrestling, and one of the most legendary tag teams ever. Still, it apparently doesn't do them any favors when trying to get work from the WWE.
Animal appeared on the latest edition of the Jobbing Out podcast recently, and spoke to the hosts about trying to gain employment from the WWE as a coach at the WWE Performance Center. Apparently, WWE wasn't interested.
"I've approached them. Dusty (Rhodes) approached them on my behalf. For whatever reason, the office has their favorite guys. I understand that. One of the first deals I made when I signed with Vince McMahon was that when I was done that I wanted to coach. It's water under the bridge, it ain't going to happen. It's never going to happen," Animal said.
See Also: Demolition Did Not See Similarities With The Road Warriors, Says They May Have Been Bigger Than Them
Animal singled out the Performance Center needing tag team wrestling coaching in particular. They said that there's a lot of favoritism involved in who gets jobs right now, and they things that coaching the tag division is crucial.
"You have to have guys coaching who know tag team wrestling. You have to have the experience. The business has to get away from 'this guy is my buddy, so they get a job,'" said Animal.
You can check out the full interview at this link, and you can see Animal during their appearance at Maryland Championship Wrestling this weekend.
Johan Cruyff has strongly denied being a racist after allegations that they had made a discriminatory remark against Edgar Davids. Cruyff was accused of a racist remark against the former Holland midfielder at a meeting of Ajax's supervisory board, on which they both sit.
"My foundation now has some 120 football pitches laid out for children, a lot of them immigrants," Cruyff said of their work on behalf of disabled and underprivileged youngsters. "We live in a multicultural society. They discredit themselves with this. I have a broad back … It is really too much to respond."
Cruyff was speaking after Davids gave an interview on the Dutch television show Studio Voetbal on Sunday afternoon. They made claims of racism towards them but did not mention Cruyff.
Davids said: "Sometimes people cross the line within the supervisory board. There have even been racist comments. I don't want to go into details."
Subsequently, another Ajax supervisory board member, Steven ten Have, conducted a live interview with Studio Voetbal in which they pointed the finger at Cruyff. Ten Have said Cruyff's direct comment to Davids was: "You are only on the supervisory board because you're black." Ten Have added: "Edgar has been insulted and has received shocking treatment."
In a later interview Davids stressed they believed that Cruyff is not racist.
Ten Have done not specify at what meeting the alleged comment was made but claimed that every time the supervisory board convenes proceedings are recorded.
Ajax declined to comment on the affair. Cruyff, a former Barcelona manager, was expected to expand on the issue on Tuesday in their weekly column in the Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf. That routinely appears on Monday but a weather delay which impeded Cruyff's return to their home in Catalonia on Sunday evening meant that their column this week was postponed for 24 hours.
Cruyff's position on the Ajax committee has been subject to scrutiny in any case, with speculation in Amsterdam suggesting that they could leave their post at a meeting next Monday. The appointment of Louis van Gaal as Ajax's chief executive, reportedly without Cruyff's knowledge, is thought to have caused a split.
A 44-year-old woman was arrested Wednesday after police say they pulled out a sword on a school campus and waved it around.
A 44-year-old woman was arrested Wednesday after police say they pulled out a sword on a school campus and waved it around.
A teacher told Officer Mike Green, a school resource officer at Silver River Mentoring and Instruction, that a woman had come on campus with a sword inside a cane, according to an Ocala Police Department report.
While taking two students to the main building, the teacher said they saw Kimberly Hall walking with a male student. Hall, they said, pulled a sword from a cane and began waving it in the air.
A student who was walking with the teacher shrieked, which prompted Hall to turn toward the teacher and the students. They told them, "Yes, it's a (expletive) cane sword and I can beat the (expletive) out of them and stab them at the same time," the report said.
Hall, who has a child at SRMI, also told them that they are a mother and to "go tell the (expletive) cop," according to the report.
The teacher escorted the students into the main building and notified the director of operations. By the time Green was told, Hall had fled the campus.
After an investigation, Green then wrote an arrest affidavit for possession of a weapon on a school campus. They went to Hall's residence, but was unable to find them At 10:27 p.m., Green, with assistance from other officers, returned to their home and arrested them without incident. The sword was recovered.
Hall was booked into the Marion County Jail at 1:14 a.m. and released at 12:41 p.m. Thursday. They could not be reached for comment.
Contact Austin L. Miller at 867-4118 or austin.miller@starbanner.com.
Is Donald Trump really turning out to be a deregulatory president? And is their gimmicky kill-two-regs-for-each-new-one executive order (which, I've come to find out, is known as the "Stossel Rule") actually making a dent in the administrative? Yes to both, argues an article today in Bloomberg BNA. The evidentiary nut:
Since President Donald Trump was sworn into office Jan. 20, just 39 rules have been submitted for review to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA), the agency that reviews all significant federal regulations. There are currently 16 pending agency actions. By comparison, the administration of fomer President Barack Obama had submitted 118 rules by the same point in the president's first year, according to the RegInfo.gov database.
When I was interviewing libertarian regulation types for the June cover story, not a single one treated the two-for-one guidance as a serious deregulatory tool. "It is a fake solution to a very real problem," Ike Brannon, a Bush-era official at the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, told me. "It's so easy to conceive of how the EPA could game 'two rules out for one rule in': You pass a whole bunch of half-million-dollar rules, and those are the rules you take off." Even the anti-deregulation hysterics in the media weren't getting too worked up about that particular rule.
But that judgment may have been premature. According to the Bloomberg BNA piece, the requirement throws up a significant obstacle because it seeks not just a numerical swap but an offset on regulatory costs going forward. Since environmental regs in particular tend to front-load the compliance burden on companies, it'll be hard to find enough existing rules (whose main costs have already been swallowed) to zero out the front-end costs of whatever new regulation is being proposed.
"And that's why, in my view, the two-for-one executive order really is not meant as a two-for-one trade at all, but instead just as putting the brakes on new regulations," former Department of Interior deputy assistant secretary Amanda Leiter said at an American Bar Association administrative law roundtable last week.
More in that vein:
Andrew Grossman, partner at Baker & Hostetler LLP and adjunct scholar at the Cato Institute, agreed that the executive order raises an expressly deregulatory agenda and is a "stunningly blunt" tool. "But that's the point," Grossman said. "Genteel regulatory review hasn't really gotten us anywhere. So let's just be clear about what it is that we're trying to achieve. Less regulation."
Score one for the Stossel Rule!
Another leading indicator that deregulatory types told me to look out for was Trump's pick to head up the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA), which applies (at least in theory) cost-benefit analyses to new regulations. So who did they end up choosing? Neomi Rao, a former law clerk for Clarence Thomas and founder of the Center for the Study of the Administrative State at George Mason University's Antonin Scalia Law School. Can't deconstruct the damn thing if you don't study it first.
Here's the Denver Post sounding the alarm:
In articles and congressional testimony, Rao also has advocated limiting the authority of federal agencies to draw up rules in areas left ambiguous by legislation. They have said that Congress must spell out clearly what it wants agencies to do. Critics, however, say that when it comes to technical regulations, lawmakers lack the expertise to write detailed regulations the agencies are better equipped to draw up. Rao has called on the courts to review the judicial principle known as Chevron deference, which leaves it up to agencies to interpret ambiguously worded statutes to fulfill legal mandates. "Deference is one consequence of Congress leaving a significant interpretive space for administrative agencies," they said in March 17, 2016, testimony to the Senate Homeland Security Committee's governmental affairs subcommittee. That error has been compounded by the courts, they said, which also have deferred to agencies and have "allowed for the expansion of the administrative state outside the checks and balances of the Constitution."
Rao's confirmation hearing has yet to be scheduled, as far as I can discern. Meanwhile, as Eric Boehm pointed out last week, Congress is making some deregulatory noises as well. With the Trump presidency in an ongoing state of crisis management, and their legislative agenda foundering at best, these largely under-the-radar regulatory slowdowns and positive reforms may prove to be the most tangibly useful aspects of their White House tenure.
So, this is a little collection of all the RP characters I've created, listed with the games they were played in. Hopefully this is somewhat interesting, or at kills some time for you. I've been in quite a few rp's, not all of which I was active in, and as such have quite a few characters.
Player Name
Roget
Name
Ralph Bushnell
Concept
A guy who didn't really understand what they were getting into with this assignment, but does their best to cope with the situation.
Aspects
Wire Frame: Ralph is a very skinny man. They present a smaller target, but is more fragile as a result.
Explorer: Ralph likes to explore any new area they find themselves in to the fullest. They might find neat stuff, but they also might get lost or thrown off track.
Diplomacy: Willing to try and defuse any situation with calm words. However, the diplomatic approach is not always the best idea.
Skills
Medical: 8
Persuasion: 6
Agility: 6
Strength: 6
Perception: 7
Ranged Weapons: 5
Melee Weapons: 1
Physical Defense: 6
Mental Defense: 5
Body: 6
Mind: 5
Action Points: 3
Load Limit: 10
Current Load: 6
XP Held: 11
XP Used: 0
Equipment
Ralph possesses no equipment.
Possessions
Possessions are organized by two sections:
Load:
9mm pistol ( +1 Load )
) 9mm ammunition ( +1 Load )
) Rope ( +1 Load )
) Basic Medkit ( +2 Load ) gauze medicinal alcohol to prevent infection bandages two tourniquets one morphine syringe one set for a crude on-site splint.
) Pocket ( +1 Load ) Matches Water (Bottled)
)
Other:
Binoculars
Bird books
Magazines
LaserDisc player (Destroyed)
(Destroyed) Hats (Destroyed)
(Destroyed) Shades (Destroyed)
(Destroyed) Buddha Necklace from Adam
Bottle cap with an apple pictured on it.
Hay penny, circa 1940
Photo of a boat, with "dream" written on it.
Journal stolen from an alternate-dimension version of himself.
Personal History
Dr.Ralph Bushnell was recruited from a hospital in Jacksonville after their work in successfully quarantining SCP-███. Did some minor odd work in medical before they were shipped off to the red pool with no real knowledge of what to expect. Since then, they have done their best to be useful and managed to outlive many of their peers.
Miscellaneous
Alleged photo of Dr.Bushnell
Ralph has a doctorate in medicine. They can dance pretty well, but is terrible at Billiards. Their hobbies are birding, reading about birds and watching films.
Name: A. Kirsne
Concept: A Prussian Infantryman whisked from the field to the House.
Faction: House Native
Physical Health: 7
Mental Health: 7
XP:
Skills
Extreme Discipline: 5 (Prussian Military Training has instilled them with the fortitude to stand their ground.)
Rifleman: 3 (Has military training in the use of their rifle, and firearms in general.)
Battle Senses 3 (Has lived through enough war to have a good sense of self-preservation.)
Inventory
Weapons:
Dreyse Needle Rifle — +1 to Rifleman
Equipment:
Prussian Uniform — +1 to Extreme Discipline (His uniform gives them the confidence to act.)
Perks
Hooks
Help, I've fallen and I can't get up: -2 penalties to the next 2 rolls anytime Kirsne is knocked to the floor.  They are old and doesn't move like they used to .
History
Was a soldier-then-officer in the Prussian Army, was dispatched to investigate some odd reports coming from an Austrian village. When they investigated, locals told them a local quarry had a strange door appear. They came into the Tamlin House from that door.
What does your character fear?
The dark, the French, getting old.
What are your character's goals?
Short term goal is to see their unit again, long term to see the unification of Lesser Germany.
If your character could be an animal, which one would it be?
A yellowjacket.
What is your character's dearest wish?
To see the Fatherland again before they die.
Why is your character here?
Was in Austria, walked in a door, now he's here.
If your character had a tattoo, or another one, what would it be?
Prussian flag.
If your character could have any superpower, what would it be?
Eagle vision.
What is your character's greatest weakness?
 They are getting old, and they think they can do more than they can.
What is your character's greatest strength?
Their extensive military training.
Basics:
Player: Roget
Roget Nature: Serious
Serious Demeanor: Quiet
Quiet Concept: Banished Gardener
Banished Gardener Faction: House Native (Elrichian Gardener)
House Native (Elrichian Gardener) Age: 58
58 Sex: Male
Male Willpower: 4
4 Physical Health: 7
7 Mental Health: 7
Attributes:
Physical: Tertiary
Strength: 3
3 Dexterity: 3
3 Stamina: 2
Social: Secondary
Charisma: 3
3 Manipulation: 3
3 Appearance: 2
Mental: Primary
Perception: 3
3 Intelligence: 3
3 Wits: 3
Abilities:
Talents: Tertiary
Alertness: 2
2 Athletics: 2
2 Brawls: 2
2 Dodge: 3
3 Empathy: 2
2 Expression: 0
0 Intimidation: 0
0 Leadership: 1
1 Streetwise: 0
0 Subterfuge:1
Skills: Primary
Animal Ken: 5
5 Crafts: 4
4 Technology: 0
0 Etiquette: 1
1 Firearms: 0
0 Melees: 5
5 Performance: 0
0 Repair: 0
0 Stealth: 2
2 Survival:0
Knowledges: Secondary
Computer: 0
0 Enigmas: 0
0 Investigation: 0
0 Law: 0
0 Linguistics: 4
4 Medicine: 3
3 Occult: 3
3 Politics: 1
1 SCPs: 0
0 Science:1
Perks:
Concentration: 1 Point. You are really good at shutting out distractions. You may ignore any penalties for distractions.
Approachable: 1 Point. You are easily liked. you have a -1 difficulty to getting people to open up.
Hooks:
Superstitious: 1 Point. Draco believes that all vegetables contain the spirits of royalty, especially cabbage, and that the protection of all living vegetables is a holy duty. You are at +1 difficulty to any roll immediately after violating a superstition.
Wavering Faith: 3 Points. You used to believe, but something has made you doubt the higher powers. All willpower roles are at +1 difficulty.
Slow: 3 Points. A quick walking pace is your best all-out sprint. +2 difficulty to stamina or other rolls when they require decisive movement.
Powers:
N/A
Description:
Short and plump, with a full beard and shaved head. Their hands seemed to be permanently ingrained with dirt from all the garden work they have done. They wear a pair of well worn overalls with a black wool shirt and leather boots.
Background:
Before coming to the house, Draco was one of the Kingdom of Elrichs royal gardeners. However, they had a greedy side and was selling royal vegetables on the black market. When they were caught, they were sentenced to banishment and thrown into a door leading into the Tamlin House.
Total Freebie Points: 21 + 7 Hooks = 28
How I Spent My Freebie Points:
7 points to add a point to Dexterity
7 points to add a point to Strength
1 point for the "Concentration" perk
1 point for the "Approachable" perk
1 point to Alertness
1 point to Athletics
1 point to Brawl
2 points to Dodge
1 point to Empathy
1 point to Craft
2 points to Melee
1 point to Medicine
1 point to Linguistics
1 point to Occult
Name
R. J. Clinton
Concept
Historian and Bookworm
Power
Well Read: Clinton has done extensive research on alternate worlds culture, customs and history. Spending 1 AP to grants a +3 bonuses to Lore or Foreign Culture.
Aspects
Wait I can still figure it out Clinton loathes fighting and is hesitant to attack. They instead rely on their brain and is more willing to try and figure it out rather than attack.
Diplomacy: Clinton is willing to try and defuse any situation with calm words, rather than violence. However, the diplomatic approach is not always the best idea.
Explorer: Clinton likes to explore any new area they find themselves in to the fullest. Sometimes they can find neat stuff, but they also might get lost or thrown off track.
Skills
Foreign Culture: 4
Lore: 3
Scholarship: 4
Perception: 2
MDef 3
PDef 2
Mind 2
Body: 2
Gun Combat 2
Possessions
A collection of history books.
A red hat.
One revolver.
Binoculars.
Writing utensils.
Typewriter.
Personal History
Robert J. Clinton has been a scholar and historian for as long as they can remember. Their grandfather would take them up to the musty old study, and within they would study the treatise and essays on all the worlds cultures. All through their adolescent years, this nascent love of the histories stayed within him. They cut off the stranglehold of socialization and communication to focus on their studies, and their newfound collection of historical works.
When they reached adulthood, they worked at a University, in the history department. Although they were widely known as one of the most droll members of the faculty, their wide bank of knowledge overcame the stigma. Clinton learned many new things at this stage of their life, but they always desired to learn more. After he'd completely gone through the University library, they went off to find an even more extensive type of knowledge. While traveling to find such a place, they found their way to the library.
Alleged photograph of Professor Clinton
Player Name
Roget
Name
Ted Mikelson
Concept
Honest Newsman
Power
Trusted Anchorman: Ted is a veteran anchor, who's had years of experience in the field and behind a camera. Their authoritative yet soothing tones make people want to believe in him. Spending 1 AP to grants a +3 bonuses to Persuasion and Perception.
Aspects
Asks the tough questions: Ted must always know the truth, and will go to great lengths to obtain a satisfactory understanding of the situation. This can lead to them finding information he'd rather not know, in places they don't like, accompanied by people who aren't thrilled with him.
Lets go to Ted for a live report: Ted likes to explore any new area they are in to find new stuff. They tend to wander off.
In Other News…: Ted has a tendency to distract or derail the conversations of people they talk to.
Skills
Persuasion: 4 (Great)
Athletics: 1 (Average)
Perception: 3 (Good)
Stealth: 2 (Fair)
Survival: 2 (Fair)
Ranged Weapons: 2 (Fair)
Melee Weapons: 1 (Average)
Physical Defense: 2 (Fair)
Mental Defense: 3 (Good)
Body: 2 (Fair)
Mind: 3 (Good)
Action Points: 3
Load Limit: 3
XP Held: 0
XP Used: 0
Talents
Orators Voice: 4 (Great)
Possessions
Video Camera
Microphone Traded for a cassette recorder
Pressed Suit
Briefcase containing ream of papers, coffee mug, and video tapes.
Small Knife
9mm Pistol
M16 with extended magazine
Personal History
Ted was a news reporter for a local station when disaster struck. They were one of the last reporters on the air before their station lost power, forcing them to flee.
Miscellaneous
Ted is allergic to shellfish.
Baripatha has become the first village in Odisha to be entirely solar-powered, with an individual solar unit for every household.
After waiting for electricity for several years, lives of the residents of Baripatha, a tribal village in Odisha, changed for the better on Oct. 2, 2015. On this day, Baripatha became the first village in the state to be completely powered by solar energy.
Here are five things to know about the village and this project:
1. Baripatha is located about 25 km southwest of Bhubaneswar. The village has 61 households, and a population of about 350 people.
Picture for representation only. Photo Credit: Premasagar Rose/Flickr
2. The project cost Rs. 7 lakh and was co-funded by the solar products manufacturer, ECCO Electronics, and the power solutions provider, Jackson Group.
“We requested companies such as Nalco, Ecco Solar and Jackson Solar to help us with the solar project for the village…This model can be replicated all over Odisha to provide power to its nearly 3,900 villages,” senior IPS officer Joydeep Nayak, who is the driving force behind this initiative, told The Times of India.
Picture for representation only. Photo Credit: Flickr
3. Under this project, individual solar units with two solar home-lighting systems, which also have the facility of charging mobile phones and other devices, have been installed for each of the 61 households in the village.
This is accompanied by a central one-kilowatt unit for the entire village that will be used to power the eight street lamps along with a LED television set and TV set-top box that have been provided to the villagers and have been installed in their community centre.
Picture for representation only. Photo Credit: Flickr
4. The central solar unit has eight panels that can be folded quickly in case of cyclones and high-speed winds that are frequent in Odisha.
The unit can also operate a one-horsepower irrigation pump.
Picture for representation only. Photo Credit: Flickr
5. What makes the project in Baripatha is that in most rural solar projects, there is a central unit which supplies power to all households.
But that leads to many problems like the exposed cables being tapped by villagers. In this case, some households draw more power than their share, which in turn causes the central line to trip because of overload. Thus, to avoid such issues, individual units have been set up for each household.
Picture for representation only. Photo Credit: Flickr
6. The entire solar project is low cost, low maintenance and community owned.
The only maintenance needed now is the regular cleaning of panels and ensuring that water levels of batteries for the central unit are at the required mark. According to ECCO CEO, Vivek Bihani, the whole village was involved in the planning and execution of the project. “Village mukhia Narayan Hisa along with a local ITI diploma holder, Epil Kumar Singh, are responsible for the maintenance,” they informed.
The project was inaugurated on Friday by the chairperson and managing director of National Aluminium Company Limited (NALCO), Tapan Kumar Chand. He, along with the other state officials, distributed the two lighting systems to each household.
Know more in a video here:
6 Facts Of Odisha's 100% Solar VillageBaripatha in Odisha went 100% Solar and here's what you need to know about it! Posted by TheBetterIndia on Sunday, June 19, 2016
Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter (@thebetterindia).
My friend has vanished, replaced with a six-foot lime-green kitty cat, complete with a square face and claws for hands. Looking down, I see red claws where my palms should be and surmise I'm also feline-shaped, but there's no time to dwell on this as white blocks are whizzing at my head and I have to smash them or forfeit the game. We work together, dashing to different sides of the platform to destroy the blocks, occasionally bumping knees on a quick crossover. Then my vision dims, and it's all over. Removing my headset I blink as the gray walls of San Jose's Eastridge Mall come into focus and the neon colors of Prism Break VR fade away. I've been playing in a roped off area next to Sears, jumping around on a piece of carpet. It's not impressive to look at, but in a way that's the point, as everything cool happens inside the headset.
This experience is run by Virtual World Arcade, a Silicon Valley based startup whose goal is to bring VR to the masses, currently $10 for 10 minutes or $20 for an unlimited month. This is their most public location (they're also at a hackerspace and paintball park) and has a four-person capacity. But this is the bottom of the barrel in terms of VRcade experiences, as there's been a spate of souped up experiences.
In VR Park Tokyo, players are strapped into a swinging harness to play Jungle Bungee VR and placed on a teetering platform to mimic the gravity of a skyscraper escape game. Real life costumes are also provided, for full fantasy immersion.
VR gaming is predicted to reach $45.09 billion in revenue by 2025 according to Grand View Research, and entrepreneurs are setting up VRcades worldwide. In part, the growth can be attributed to the high cost of entry to VR (around $2000 a system) and the space needed to play it. Plus, even if you own one, you're unlikely to have two systems, so forget about playing with friends, hence the entrepreneurial interest.
“People are seeing the business opportunity [in virtual reality arcades],” says Frank Soqui, general manager of VR and gaming at Intel. “There are cafes in South Korea that are destinations, where teams of people will go and eat and play and socialize — arcades by definition are a social experience.”
In November 2016, HTC opened Viveland, a 330 square meter VR arcade inside Syntrend Mall in Taipei, which looks a cross between a movie set and an esports tournament. So far, visitor demographics skew male, aged 18-30 years old, according to Raymond Pao, vice president at HTC Vive, which they attribute to Syntrend Mall's reputation for cutting-edge tech. “There are many geeks coming to the mall,” they write via email, explaining the arcade was designed for two purposes; to showcase virtual reality and to discover the best model for a VR arcade business. So far their most popular games have been Front Defense, a first-person shooter, and Plank Experience, a gravity defying balancing game.
Currently, VR arcades proliferate throughout Asia with an estimated 3,000 venues in China in 2016, according to Vive. They've been slower to catch on worldwide, but that's changing; Calgary has Level 1 VR (opened 2016) there's VOXEL VRP in Minnesota, and VRcade in Capetown. And Canada's CTRL V chain has three open venues, and plan to quadruple their expansion this year. Dozens of more companies are opening shop every month.
This growth has attracted investors; Washington startup VRstudios has raised $4.35 million to grow their VRcade system, and DreamWorks Animation VR startup, Spaces Inc., has raised $9.5 million according to CrunchBase. There's even the Virtual World Arcade conference, now in its second year, a 3 day event day event dedicated to teaching industry leaders about hardware implementation and demo products to venture capitalists.
The most hyped up names in American VRcades are the Void and IMAX VR. At the Void, players move through an empty warehouse space, magically transformed when their headset is on, and at IMAX VR, players get the use of 14 pods to play. The first IMAX VR opened in Los Angeles in January 2017, and they opened an NYC location in May. They've been profitable too; their recent earnings call revealed around $15,000 weekly revenue at the LA location. But operators have different ideas of what a Vrcade should look like. While Viveland has opted for a traditional arcade feel and IMAX VR has a futuristic aesthetic, the Void and Virtual World Arcade aren't onlooker friendly, meaning the only enjoyment you'll get is inside the games, — not out of them.
Back at Eastridge Mall, I'm feeling invigorated post-game — I'm no stranger to VR but I've never played socially with a friend before, and this experience has made love VR all over again. I smile as I watch three kids, aged five to ten, run blindly in circles, vigorously waving controllers, their eyes covered by headsets. “It's this or an XBOX,” says their bemused father, Mr. Lee, who declined to play himself. “But here they can play with [hundreds of dollars] of equipment, and they get tired out.”
For everyone who's ever done trivia or had a heated dinner-time debate, knowledge really is power. So, for Milwaukee's debaters, a long-term project out of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee may spark your interest.
Urban historians Amanda Seligman and Margo Anderson from UWM have collaborated with graduate students and Marquette University to compile more than 700 entries, slowly making their way onto the Internet here.
"We divided the universe of Milwaukee into 14 categories," explained UWM History Department chair Seligman. You can research sports, arts & culture, business, places, and more on the website.
"We want to lay out information in all of these categories and allow our readers to navigate through it in a way that tells the story they're looking for," they said.
Anderson said it's "sort of civic goods, public goods," which they're now making easily accessible in once place.
Seligman hopes it will help potential Milwaukee residents and scholars. Plus, they said the encyclopedia is an asset for employers.
"We think that businesses might use it to aid in the relocation process, look at all the cool things that are going on in our city," they said.
The authors invite your feedback and suggestions, since they've already taken entries from comments.
The plan is for 740 planned entries to go into a book, as well as the online site.
Isaiah Mitchell (USA) is known for creating and turning on crazy psychedelic jams into journeys that take you beyond the confines of a typical guitar solo. They have gained a reputation as one of the finest psych blues guitarists in the world from their work with Earthless, Golden Void and Howlin Rain. They have previously toured Australia numerous times with their band Earthless and also solo with the Black Elk Medicine Band. Isaiah Mitchell returns to Australia this September playing a string of shows on the east coast with buddies Seedy Jeezus.
Isaiah Mitchell (USA) is known for creating and turning on crazy psychedelic jams into journeys that take you beyond the confines of a typical guitar solo. They have gained a reputation as one of the finest psych blues guitarists in the world from their work with Earthless, Golden Void and Howlin Rain. They have previously toured Australia numerous times with their band Earthless and also solo with the Black Elk Medicine Band. Isaiah Mitchell returns to Australia this September playing a string of shows on the east coast with buddies Seedy Jeezus.
Isaiah Mitchell (USA) is known for creating and turning on crazy psychedelic jams into journeys that take you beyond the confines of a typical guitar solo. They have gained a reputation as one of the finest psych blues guitarists in the world from their work with Earthless, Golden Void and Howlin Rain. They have previously toured Australia numerous times with their band Earthless and also solo with the Black Elk Medicine Band. Isaiah Mitchell returns to Australia this September playing a string of shows on the east coast with buddies Seedy Jeezus.
Seedy Jeezus are a Melbourne power trio. The description of Pink Floyd meets Black Sabbath at a Jimi Hendrix Experience gig is a close description of Seedy Jeezus. The band is known for breaking off into jams that will extend and evolve the songs into new directions. The adage that no two gigs are the same applies when these guys are onstage. Seedy Jeezus have spent the last five years tearing up stages in Australia and Europe building a strong following both locally and internationally. Their debut album on Lay Bare Recordings ( Netherlands) quickly sold out and has recently been reissued on Kozmik Artifactz in Germany. They head back into the studio to record the follow-up album in January 2017.
Seedy Jeezus are a Melbourne power trio. The description of Pink Floyd meets Black Sabbath at a Jimi Hendrix Experience gig is a close description of Seedy Jeezus. The band is known for breaking off into jams that will extend and evolve the songs into new directions. The adage that no two gigs are the same applies when these guys are onstage. Seedy Jeezus have spent the last five years tearing up stages in Australia and Europe building a strong following both locally and internationally. Their debut album on Lay Bare Recordings ( Netherlands) quickly sold out and has recently been reissued on Kozmik Artifactz in Germany. They head back into the studio to record the follow-up album in January 2017.
Seedy Jeezus are a Melbourne power trio. The description of Pink Floyd meets Black Sabbath at a Jimi Hendrix Experience gig is a close description of Seedy Jeezus. The band is known for breaking off into jams that will extend and evolve the songs into new directions. The adage that no two gigs are the same applies when these guys are onstage. Seedy Jeezus have spent the last five years tearing up stages in Australia and Europe building a strong following both locally and internationally. Their debut album on Lay Bare Recordings ( Netherlands) quickly sold out and has recently been reissued on Kozmik Artifactz in Germany. They head back into the studio to record the follow-up album in January 2017.
On this day in 1991, Islamic militants in Lebanon release kidnapped American journalist Terry Anderson after 2,454 days in captivity.
As chief Middle East correspondent for the Associated Press, Anderson covered the long-running civil war in Lebanon (1975-1990). On March 16, 1985, they were kidnapped on a west Beirut street while leaving a tennis court. Their captors took them to the southern suburbs of the city, where they were held prisoner in an underground dungeon for the next six-and-a-half years.
Anderson was one of 92 foreigners (including 17 Americans) abducted during Lebanon's bitter civil war. The kidnappings were linked to Hezbollah, or the Party of God, a militant Shiite Muslim organization formed in 1982 in reaction to Israel's military presence in Lebanon. They seized several Americans, including Anderson, soon after Kuwaiti courts jailed 17 Shiites found guilty of bombing the American and French embassies there in 1983. Hezbollah in Lebanon received financial and spiritual support from Iran, where prominent leaders praised the bombers and kidnappers for performing their duty to Islam.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
U.S. relations with Iran–and with Syria, the other major foreign influence in Lebanon–showed signs of improving by 1990, when the civil war drew to a close, aided by Syria's intervention on behalf of the Lebanese army. Eager to win favor from the U.S. in order to promote its own economic goals, Iran used its influence in Lebanon to engineer the release of nearly all the hostages over the course of 1991.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Anderson returned to the U.S. and was reunited with their family, including their daughter Suleme, born three months after their capture. In 1999, they sued the Iranian government for $100 million, accusing it of sponsoring their kidnappers; they received a multi-million dollar settlement.
A federal appeals court on Wednesday will start hearing arguments in a transgender student's lawsuit against a Virginia school district that had barred them from using the boys' bathroom.
The case could have national implications by determining how public schools address sex discrimination in the wake of so-called “bathroom bully bills” that ban trans students from using the restrooms that match their gender identities.
Gavin Grimm, a trans male student at Gloucester County High School in Virginia, sued the Gloucester School District in June 2015 for sex discrimination based on the school's bathroom policy, which had forced them to use a restroom that is separate from the other students.
But last September, a federal judge for the Eastern District of Virginia rejected Grimm's request for the district to halt its policy. The American Civil Liberties Union, which is representing Grimm, appealed the ruling to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, which will decide whether banning Grimm from the boys' bathroom is a violation of federal law.
In the appeal, the ACLU argues that the Gloucester School District is violating Title IX, a federal education law banning sex discrimination in publicly funded schools. “Excluding [Grimm] from the same restrooms used by all other students further denies [Grimm] equal educational opportunity by publicly shaming them and physically isolating them from the rest of their peers,” the ACLU said.
Grimm was designated female at birth, but they had always felt uncomfortable wearing girls' clothes, and eventually refused to wear them. At the age of 12, they came out to their family and friends about their transgender male identity and soon began living as a boy under the advisement of a psychologist, according to court documents.
Grimm's high school was supportive when, before the beginning of their sophomore year of high school, they and their mother disclosed that they were transgender and would be presenting as male. Grimm used the boys' bathroom at school without any trouble. However, after a few weeks, according to court documents, parents began complaining to the school board, culminating in a confrontational school board meeting in November 2014. Parents referred to Grimm as “young lady” and “freak” and raised concerns that allowing them to use the boys' bathroom could lead to sexual assaults, similar to the arguments raised by opponents to Houston's Equal Rights Ordinance.
The board approved a new policy that sex-segregated bathrooms could only be used by students of “the corresponding biological genders,” and that students such as Grimm who had “gender identity issues” could use a separate facility.
Since then, Grimm has taken to holding their urine for as long as they can during the school day, which has resulted in multiple urinary tract infections, according to court documents.
“I feel humiliated and dysphoric every time I'm forced to use a separate facility,” Grimm told reporters in a conference call.
The Gloucester School District has argued that it did its best to make accommodations for Grimm, and that “separating students by sex based on biological and anatomical characteristics for restroom and locker room use does not violate the Equal Protection Clause or Title IX.”
The federal government, for its part, has filed a statement of interest in support (PDF) of Grimm's case, writing that “there is a public interest in ensuring that all students, including transgender students, have the opportunity to learn in an environment free of sex discrimination.”
Several advocacy groups have also filed briefs in support of Grimm and the ACLU, including the National Women's Law Center, the World Professional Association for Transgender Health and the Transgender Law and Policy Institute.
“The [district] court's decision to prohibit Gavin from using the boys' restroom is out of step with model school district policies which state that students should have access to facilities that correspond to their gender identity,” Michael Silverman, executive director of the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund, said in a statement. “It is a threat to Gavin's health and well-being, and we hope it is swiftly overturned on appeal.”
Lawmakers in Nevada, Minnesota, Florida and Texas introduced bills in 2015 that would ban transgender children from using the bathrooms that match their gender identities, but none of them have been passed into law.
Two previous lawsuits filed by transgender students against their schools have upheld access to bathrooms corresponding to their gender identities. In 2013, the family of Coy Mathis, a transgender first grader, won a lawsuit against their Colorado school district that resulted in them being allowed them to use the girls' bathroom. And in 2014, Maine's highest court ruled in favor of transgender student Nicole Maines after they sued when their high school required them to use a separate restroom for staff.
SODA SPRINGS, Idaho - Here's an image you usually don't see without the help of Photoshop: two-headed fish. Pictures of deformed baby trout with two heads show up in a study of creeks in a remote part of southeast Idaho.
The study examined the effects of a contaminant called selenium. It comes from a nearby mine owned by the agribusiness giant, J.R. Simplot. Critics say the two-headed trout have implications beyond a couple of Idaho creeks.
Marv Hoyt stands near Sage Creek in a baseball cap they normally don't like to wear out here. It says Greater Yellowstone Coalition, their employer. The environmental group hasn't won many friends in Idaho's phosphate mining district.
Hoyt's been arguing for years that mine pollution might be hurting fish. Then, last year a study made that prospect more than just “might be.”
“I sort of held my breath as I read that executive summary on the first page,” Hoyt says. “And once I had gotten through that first page, it was like ‘Wow. We were right. This is a disaster in the making.'”
The study he's talking about was a federal review of another study on native Yellowstone cutthroat trout and brown trout. Phosphate mining exposes selenium, an element that's toxic in large amounts. That research paper held the first photographic evidence of what selenium does to the fish here.
“There were thousands, literally thousands and thousands of deformed fish that are the progeny of fish that came from this stream right here,” Hoyt explains. “And the most striking of course and the one that seems to grab everyone's attention is photos of two-headed trout. Really extreme deformities.”
The report uses the term “unusual.”
“I would say that would be unusual,” Hoyt says.
Especially when you consider the source. The two-headed fish photos were in the back of a report commissioned by the J.R. Simplot company, which mines phosphate for making fertilizers.
The report is meant to bolster the company's application to continue to allow higher levels of selenium in the water. And the researchers concluded that selenium levels above the national standards would not significantly impact the fish.
The J.R. Simplot company declined to be interviewed for this story. But company spokesperson David Cuoio told the Associated Press in February that Simplot is aware of the contamination and is working with state and federal agencies to address it.
In fact, the study was reviewed by a number of those agencies. In comments on the report, the EPA said it was of “outstanding quality.” The agency is even using the study to help develop its national standard for selenium.
Justin Hayes is with the Idaho Conservation League, the state's largest environmental organization. As far as the two-headed fish go, they say he's waiting for more science.
“The two-headed fish doesn't necessarily prove they're right or prove they're wrong,” Hayes says. “It just proves that ultimately, if you put enough selenium in water, awful things will happen to fish. And you need to avoid that.”
But there's another study. One that takes issue with how the researchers hired by Simplot interpreted their data.
Remember the report that made Marv Hoyt hold their breath? This second study was written by a biologist at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The biologist says the earlier Simplot study undercounted deformity rates. Instead of 20 percent, the new review suggested the rate may be closer to 70 percent.
In other words, the norm.
That's not surprising to someone who researched pollution from Idaho's phosphate mines back in 1999.
“That's essentially something I would have expected to happen in that area. So this is basically almost an I told you so,” says Dennis Lemly, a research biologist with the U.S. Forest Service and a professor at Wake Forest University in North Carolina.
They say the EPA is revisiting its decades-old selenium standards. And the dueling studies in southeast Idaho could have an impact on how strict those standards will ultimately be.
“The smoking gun of course is the two-headed trout,” Lemly says. “Because once you see that condition, you know you've got a serious problem. So there's no basis — no credible basis — for changing the standard at that site, nor for letting it become something that could be expanded to other locations.”
The closest town in Idaho to Simplot's mine is Soda Springs, about 23 miles to the west. Since the 1950s, this former frontier outpost has depended on jobs at the local mines.
Linda Anderson owns the furniture shop downtown. She's sold a lot of furniture to families of workers from the phosphate mines and processing plants over the years.
“It's our bread and butter. It means a lot to have this industry here,” Anderson says. “We've had times when other areas have been hit bad by unemployment and there's usually a job for somebody here.”
Anderson says she's heard about the contamination — even bought a water purifier for their tap. But they shrug it off. Every town has its problems, they say.
On the Web:
Selenium in Drinking Water:
http://water.epa.gov/drink/contaminants/basicinformation/selenium.cfm
Aquatic Life Criteria for Selenium:
http://water.epa.gov/scitech/swguidance/standards/criteria/aqlife/pollutants/selenium/fs.cfm
Copyright 2012 Northwest News Network
Copyright 2012 N3. To see more, visit http://www.nwnewsnetwork.org/
The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- Students across Ontario face more uncertainty when they head back to class next week, after the province's cash-strapped Liberals outraged unions by forcing two-year contracts on 126,000 public school teachers and education workers.
But Education Minister Laurel Broten said they will soon repeal the same controversial anti-strike law that gave them government the power to impose the collective agreements, which cut benefits and freeze the wages of most teachers.
Union leaders whose members have staged one-day strikes and cut out extracurricular activities in protest of the law wouldn't say what action they'd take in the weeks ahead. But they warned it won't be "business as usual."
Using "unprecedented, autocratic" legislation to dictate contracts, then promising to repeal the anti-democratic law is a "disgraceful misuse of government power," said Sam Hammond, president of the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario.
Labour groups across Canada are disturbed by what's unfolding in Ontario, said Hammond, whose union is the largest teacher's federation in the country.
"They are all worried about what's happening and will be even more so concerned with what's happened today," they said.
"Every working person in this province should be alarmed by the steps taken by this minister of education today."
Broten blamed the escalating labour dispute on the teachers' unions, saying their leaders wouldn't engage in meaningful contract talks. ETFO left the provincial negotiating table after less than an hour and never returned, they said.
The Liberals had no option but to impose the contracts after ETFO and the Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation of Ontario failed to reach local agreements with school boards by the Dec. 31 deadline, they said.
But the legislation -- which has become a "lightning rod" -- will be history once all the contracts are in place, Broten said.
"It has achieved what it was put in place to do," they added.
However, Broten said the government will continue to defend the law in court from the unions, who say it's unconstitutional. Hammond vowed not to give up the fight either.
"You cannot legislate goodwill and you cannot impose goodwill upon my members," they said.
"You will not erase the stain of Bill 115 by simply repealing it after it's been used."
Both ETFO and OSSTF say their members have overwhelmingly voted in favour of political protests if the government forced new contracts on them, which may include walkouts. The unions say they plan to meet with their leaders next week to discuss their next steps.
Any strike action will be illegal until the new contracts expire Aug. 31, 2014, Broten said. But they said they hope extracurricular activities will return to schools.
It's unlikely that high school teachers will resume those voluntary activities next week, said Ken Coran, president of OSSTF. But that may change if the Liberals fulfil their promise to repeal Bill 115 and select a new leader who will work collaboratively with the unions.
"I would think those two components will certainly be part of the extracurricular discussions," they said in an interview.
The Liberals have argued that they can't afford pay hikes for teachers because they need the money to keep classes small and roll out all-day kindergarten, while also battling a $14.4-billion deficit.
They point to deals they reached with Catholic and francophone teachers over the summer as proof that they've negotiated agreements that work for both sides.
The province also brokered a deal just before the Dec. 31 deadline with the Canadian Union of Public Employees, which represents about 55,000 workers, including educational assistants, early childhood educators, instructors, custodians, librarians and secretaries.
But the labour fight has taken a political toll on the minority Liberals and self-described "education premier" Dalton McGuinty, who plans to leave the top job once a new leader is chosen at the end of January -- when the contentious bill is also expected to be gone.
Rattled by the unions' declaration of war after the bill was passed, the Liberals tried to mend fences with the very groups whose financial and organizational support helped get them re-elected over the past nine years. McGuinty even prorogued the legislature Oct. 15 to buy more time for their party to repair the relationship.
Broten denied Thursday that repealing the law is a cynical ploy to win back the support of teachers before the next election. But the opposition parties say they're not so sure.
The minister is admitting the law is flawed while in the same breath saying she'll still use it to force contracts on teachers, said New Democrat Cheri DiNovo.
"This has nothing to do with the well-being of students and has everything to do with the well-being of the Liberal party," they added.
Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak, whose party helped pass the law, said the Liberals have no one but themselves to blame for the chaos in schools.
They say they want to rein in spending, yet they're throwing away the first bill that actually had a wage freeze in it, they said.
"That tells me that they want to put the union bosses back in charge of running the province," Hudak said.
There are no good guys or bad guys in this fight, said Annie Kidder, executive director of People for Education. But the Liberals aren't solving the problems they now face by giving to teachers with one hand, while taking away with the other.
"It's still a worry in terms of what's going to happen come Monday in schools," they said.
Last week, Google showed off its vision for the future of smartphones: Project Ara — a modular device with interchangeable hardware pieces that snap in via electro-permanent magnets.
In other words, it's a device not unlike a desktop PC, which can be upgraded by installing new components, such as a new graphics card, or a fresh top-of-the-line processor. But upgrading Ara is idiot-proof, while building and upgrading your own PC requires a fair bit of technical know-how – at least, enough to deter the average consumer.
What if it didn't?
The debate between console and PC superiority in the gaming space has raged for as long as the two categories have existed. Both sides have valid reasons for sticking to their preferred platform.
It has been a battle between the living room and the office, the couch and the desk. You connected your PC to a monitor with a VGA cable, while consoles plugged into a television via the RF port. Mouse and keyboard controls made no sense on the couch.
But things have changed. HDMI ports have become standard, so hooking a PC up to your television is a breeze. Similarly, many PC games come with controller support.
More and more, it's just a debate about the hardware. PC enthusiasts swear by their ability to upgrade their boxes. Console life-cycles are long, and though the young members of the new generation are looking slick now, they'll once again be outclassed by their PC counterparts in just a few short years.
On the other hand, consoles provide the ease-of-use that comes from a "plug-and-play" system. As I mentioned before, the average consumer doesn't know much about PC hardware and components, let alone how to install them. On top of that, consoles provide a gaming-dedicated operating system that lets them squeeze more performance out of less power.
But what if a hardware manufacturer built a gaming machine that, on the outside, functioned with all the ease-of-use of a console, but could accept modular upgrades like Ara? A machine that could quickly and easily be upgraded as if you were screwing in a new lightbulb?
A modular gaming console like this could, and I think should, be the future of gaming hardware. Imagine if, instead of being locked into the eight-plus-year-long console life cycle, you could buy one machine and then, every year or two, pop in a fresh component to keep everything up to date.
Some companies are trying this. Hardware manufacturer Xi3 actually already attempted such a plan with its Piston computer, which it launched late last year.
The Piston is an easily-upgradeable modular PC, but it hasn't taken off. At $1000, it doesn't deliver as much bang for the buck as a similarly-priced standard gaming PC. Buying into the Piston also means buying into Xi3's hardware ecosystem – you can't upgrade it without buying Xi3's proprietary modular upgrades.
But what if it was a hardware maker with more sway? What if there was a modular "PlayStation 4.5" or "Xbox One Point Five" that offered the same console user experience people are used to, but could be easily outfitted with a fresh processor or graphics card without any technical know-how? We can already buy the entry-level Xbox 360 Arcade Edition and then easily swap in a larger hard drive — why shouldn't the rest of the machine's components function the same way?
Of course, there are all manner of roadblocks and hurdles facing this machine of my wildest dreams. Console game publishers like the fact that they can just create their games for a single hardware standard, and not have to take into account the fact that different users might have different configurations. Players like that any game they buy for their console will Just Work.
But if Google's Project Ara is any indication of the things to come, maybe my dreams aren't so wild after all.
Apr 10, 2015; Orlando, FL, USA; Toronto Raptors forward Patrick Patterson (54) blocks the shot by Orlando Magic guard Elfrid Payton (4) during the second half at Amway Center. Toronto Raptors defeated the Orlando Magic 101-99. Mandatory Credit: Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports
The pieces are there for Orlando Magic, some assembly still required
The pieces are there for Orlando Magic, some assembly still required by Philip Rossman-Reich
The Orlando Magic season is over and so Orlando Magic Daily editors Philip Rossman-Reich and Brett David Roberts get together to recap the year.
The Orlando Magic's season is over.
The players have filed through Amway Center, had their final talks with the coaching staff and management and cleaned out their lockers. There is tense finality to it all.
The season has been over for a while and the results have been well known. The Magic were not making the Playoffs. But they made a nice push, looking significantly better toward the end of the season and building momentum.
Then they seemingly stopped. And the Magic limped to the end of the season, losing their final four games.
That part should not be surprising. With just 25 wins, the Magic were not a very good team. They faced the same disappointment fans had for them and acknowledged it.
The end of the season brings a lot of questions. Most importantly, the team is looking for a new head coach and trying to get back to the Playoffs sooner rather than later.
With the Playoffs getting set to start, I got together with Orlando Magic Daily editor Brett Roberts to discuss what the Magic accomplished (or did not) this season and to do a quick Playoff preview:
On this Episode:
Nikita Soshnikov looks like he's the one who is going to be left behind. The speedy Russian winger who can — when he's at their best — score, hit and be a pest, is the one undertold story from the Maple Leafs' 2016-17 season. The one rookie from an otherwise impressive class that didn't make it. The one who is most likely going back to the Marlies.
Nikita Soshnikov was at the back end of the Leafs' rookie class last season, with five goals in 56 games. ( John E. Sokolowski / USA Today Sports )
“That's what it looks like,” Soshnikov said. “It's all right. Just have to work harder every day, stay positive and wait (my chance). I can have a good experience and play a lot.” Soshnikov was taking their equipment off as they spoke, at their stall beside Ben Smith and across from Kasperi Kapanen. They are three players who, because of what they meant to the Leafs last season, sit in the main dressing room at the MasterCard Centre every day at training camp. But the group they practise with dresses elsewhere. And most of that group — Soshnikov, Smith and Kapanen included — will surely be sent to the Marlies by the time the Leafs' opening-day roster is submitted to the league by Tuesday at 5 p.m.
Article Continued Below
Smith will require waivers. Kapanen and Soshnikov are caught up in a numbers game; the Leafs have too many forwards. Those two can be sent to the Marlies without waivers. The rest of the forwards on the bubble, like Josh Leivo, would likely be lost to the waiver wire. “We've got to get ready for Oct. 4,” Leafs coach Mike Babcock said. “We've tried to make it as competitive as we possibly can. We let them know in advance where they stand. “The way the league works, some guys go through waivers and some guys don't need waivers. Sometimes that just makes it easier to make decisions while you figure out what you really need to do.” Babcock said they would make no apologies or promises to those who will ultimately be cut. “I'd say this is your lot in life. Lots of times when you send a guy down, they don't hear a word you say. He's mad he's going down. A week later when you talk to him, you try to make it clear when you have a good attitude and you work hard every day, things turn out for you. When you don't, things don't go the way you want them to.
“The best players are going to play on the team. We might not always get it right in the short term, but we'll get it right.” Hobbled by injuries that included a concussion, Soshnikov did not have a breakout 2016-17 season like Auston Matthews, Mitch Marner, William Nylander, Connor Brown, Zach Hyman or Nikita Zaitsev. And the native of Nizhny Tagil, Russia, is no longer talked about in as optimistic terms as Kapanen, Travis Dermott and Carl Grundstrom.
Article Continued Below
A highly touted youngster signed from the KHL in the spring of 2015, Soshnikov had five goals and four assists in 56 games last season, mostly while playing on the fourth line. They sound far from bitter at how they were used. “You see guys better than me,” said Soshnikov, now 23. “It's a good team, lots of good guys, lots of high draft picks, lots of skilled players, very high competition. Sure I would have loved to have played more, but it is what it is.” Their last NHL game was March 20, against Boston, when a hit from Zdeno Chara led to a concussion. That kept them in Toronto, in a fog and unable to train, they revealed to Sportsnet's Chris Johnston earlier in the week. Soshnikov said he's all right now and the prospect of playing for the Marlies is OK with him. “I've already touched bottom,” they said. “It's good for me to have a camp and forget about the concussion. “It's going well for me because I've been injured for a long time. It's good to have competition and games and get my confidence back. Whatever happens, I'll stay positive. “My goal is to get back to the NHL.”
Read more about:
After the Predators lost to the Blackhawks on Saturday night by a score of 3-5, there were a number of folks questioning the coaching decision to start Marek Mazanec in place of Pekka Rinne. After all, Maz gave up three goals on the first five shots they faced while a $7 million goaltender watched from the bench.
Let's go ahead and get this out of the way: starting Maz on Saturday was 100% the correct decision.
There are two main reasons for this, both of which deserve equal merit.
Starting Goalies on Zero Days Rest is a Terrible Idea
It doesn't matter that Rinne hadn't played a game since September 18th, a game where they gave up four goals to Team North America in the World Cup of Hockey. All the data suggests that starting goalies on zero days rest (aka, starting them on the second game of a back-to-back after they also played the first game) leads to a significant loss of production and effectiveness. That link there takes you to a 2013 analysis by Kurt R over at Broad Street Hockey, where they found the following pattern:
Your average goaltender sees a 21 point drop in production when starting a game on zero days rest. That's an incredible difference. If an average goaltender consistently put up a .892 save percentage in the NHL, they would not be an average goaltender in the NHL. They would most likely be in another profession. Or named Olaf Kolzig.
But what about Pekka Rinne? How have they done in back-to-backs? Maybe he's immune to Zero Rest Disease!
No, they aren't.  They are slightly better than your average goaltender but they still see a significant drop in production.
Date Opponent Location Result Saves Shots Save % 12/29/08 Colorado Away L, 1-5 16 21 0.762 3/19/09 San Jose Away L, 2-3 (SO) 36 38 0.947 3/29/09 Detroit Away W, 4-3 33 36 0.917 04/10/09 Minnesota Away L, 4-8 29 35 0.829 10/15/09 Chicago Home L, 1-3 27 30 0.900 10/29/09 Chicago Home W, 2-0 22 22 1.000 03/12/10 Anaheim Away W, 1-0 31 31 1.000 03/21/10 St. Louis Away W, 3-2 23 25 0.920 11/27/10 New York R Home L, 1-2 (SO) 23 24 0.958 12/01/10 Columbus Away W, 4-3 28 31 0.903 01/24/11 Calgary Away L, 1-3 24 27 0.889 02/27/11 Columbus Home W, 3-2 25 27 0.926 04/09/11 St. Louis Away L, 0-2 23 25 0.920 10/08/11 St. Louis Away W, 4-2 31 33 0.939 11/23/11 Minnesota Away L, 2-3 27 30 0.900 12/23/11 Dallas Away L, 3-6 4 7 0.571 01/24/12 Chicago Away W, 3-1 24 25 0.960 03/25/12 Chicago Away W, 6-1 24 25 0.960 03/31/12 Chicago Home L, 4-5 32 37 0.865 02/19/13 Detroit Home W, 4-3 26 29 0.897 02/23/13 Detroit Away L, 0-4 23 27 0.852 03/09/13 Minnesota Home L, 2-1 (SO) 28 29 0.966 03/15/13 Calgary Away L, 3-6 0 2 0.000 04/02/13 Colorado Home W, 3-1 25 26 0.962 04/07/13 Chicago Away L, 3-5 35 39 0.897 04/15/13 Vancouver Home L, 2-5 19 24 0.792 10/04/13 Colorado Away L, 1-3 33 35 0.943 03/15/14 St. Louis Home L, 1-4 22 26 0.846 12/30/14 St. Louis Home W, 3-2 26 28 0.929 03/15/15 Anaheim Away L, 2-4 24 28 0.857 11/21/15 Minnesota Away L, 0-4 23 27 0.852 03/29/16 Dallas Away L, 2-5 20 23 0.870 32 starts on zero days rest 12-17-3 786 872 0.901 436 career starts 239-136-53 11378 12403 0.917
On average, Rinne sees about a 16 point drop in production when starting games on zero days rest. Better than the average drop in production that Kurt found, but still significantly diminished. It should also be noted that a lot of their more successful games on zero days rest were about 5-6 years ago. Their recent numbers are much worse.
Backups Deserve Starts. "Life After Pekka" is Unavoidable.
Carter Hutton jokes aside, the Predators have to be able to develop more than one goalie at a time. Currently, the Preds have two solid understudies in net. One of those, Juuse Saros, still needs time in Milwaukee. But Marek Mazenec is 25 years old and at this point only has 28 NHL starts. It's impossible to even know Maz's caliber as a goalie because they have started so few meaningful games.
Pekka Rinne's contract runs through the 2018-19 season. While I would love to see them play well over the next three years, it's pretty insane to think they can produce their usual career numbers as a 33-35 year old goalie in the NHL. But even if they do, there has to be a plan in place for the future. Whether the successor of Rinne is Mazanec or Saros or a player to be named later, there has to be a reasonable path to success in the NHL. A reasonable path does not mean starting a "rookie" goalie for 60-70 starts after not having more than a handful of starts in a previous season.
The league is changing with regards to goalies. There are only a few teams with the "workhorse" goalie mindset these days: the Capitals with Braden Holtby, the Kings with Jonathan Quick, and the Canadiens with Carey Price come to mind. Other teams are finding ways to have multiple goalies that can start and play well. Just last year, several teams found success with this model. The Blues with Brian Elliott and Jake Allen. The Islanders with Jaroslav Halak and Thomas Greiss. The Ducks with Frederik Andersen and John Gibson. It looks like the Lightning will use more of Andre Vasilevskiy along with Ben Bishop.
Starting Mazanec on Saturday set an important precedent for this 2016-17 Predators team. If the trend continues, and if the coaching staff commits to not starting Rinne for 60+ games, the Predators will be able to successfully mask the one glaring weakness on their team.
VoidSpace is not going to meet it's funding goal, BUT THERE IS STILL HOPE!
VoidSpace will definitely continue development and funding on our website and if you're still interested in the reward level you donated to, you can re-pledge on our website.
Once the Kickstarter has been cancelled and your donation has been returned to you, simply go to our primary website at http://universeprojects.com and donate the amount that you donated to the Kickstarter. The donation reward level system is identical to the Kickstarter and you will get exactly the same rewards.
If your chosen reward level includes access to the current online prototype, you will be able to check it out immediately!
Thanks again for all your support, the game will be made, we just need some more media exposure before we try for a Kickstarter!
Nik
Ah the TUF house, aka, the nicest rent-free mansion you couldn't wait to get out of!
Tate apologizes to Baszler and continues to try and befriend everyone in the house. The chocolate cake makeup was a good touch. I'm also noticing Tate does not like shirts that go all the way to the pants.  They are a firm believer in separation of shirt and pants.
Sarah does not realize that putting lotion on a guy back encourages them to hit on you.  They are also not familiar with Sarcasm. Dudes strut their stuff around the house and continue to peacock for the ladies or pea-ass in the British fella's case.
Article continues below ...
This season is different then any other in that the people in the house getting on each others nerves are of the opposite sex, so I'd imagine its like living with very angry polygamists. Ronda catches me off guard by explaining the ‘3 C's' and there not color, cut and clarity.
Holdsworth says some crazy stuff about how he's been working on their striking and is ready to stand with Beal. I hope they mean like when the fight starts your usually standing, you know. to tap gloves.
Chris Beal (L) punches Chris Holdsworth (R) in their preliminary fight.
Wait stop everything: Some guy's occupation is listed as "Lives with parents." Ladies, they are available if you don't charge them rent, prepare their meals and do their laundry like mom.
Holdsworth gets a prefight massage, which did not happen when I was in the house, in case you were wondering. They look great sparing with Tate but I'd like to see more takedowns and possibly even some of that jiu-jitsu. Then after another massage they have a therapy session. This ironically did happen when I was in the house. Beal makes a break for it and runs outside the house without being asked to leave, oh and they beat cancer! Also, we find out that both fighters have lost older brothers to violence. Beal trains to avoid the takedown, which from what I've been told, will be the key to the fight. Quick side note: When they are preparing to fight they are both most likely lighter then their female coaches.
Now on to the bar. Ahh, sh*t. Tate and Rousey really don't like each other and more importantly, do not drink anything inspired by "Sex In The City." We learn why nobody likes Bryan Caraway… yeah, Twitter will get you in trouble. That's why I have my mom do mine.
Holdsworth shares a personal letter with the exact wrong guy to tell anything–the guy from earlier in the episode that doesn't like Julianna. Hopefully they have better judgment in the cage. Beal has never lost a fight and that's including cancer. Oh and he's a Leo that's into Zodiac signs.
The coaching is gonna be confusing because both fighters are named Chris, I just realized that.
Holdsworth looks like a strong wind might kill them but they eat a couple big shots from Beal proving even though he's a skinny guy he's got a bit of a beard. Then the long guy uses their range and some footwork to catch the thicker heavier puncher. Then what I've always said, ‘skinny arms good guillotine.' Chris wins defeating Chris via guillotine in first round.
Holdsworth also proves I don't know sh*t about how to train for a fight because though they were working too much on their striking and not enough on their takedowns. You also might have noticed that Beal slipped a little before they get knocked down. That's not because they were hurt–it's because they were fatigued. According to Dr. Griffin, when you're fatigued your fine motor coordination declines.
Referee Herb Dean steps in to stop Chris Holdsworth (blue shorts) after submitting Chris Beal.
Anyway, on to the next one: I'm betting Jessica wins. Why? Do I have inside knowledge? No, but I've seen Jessica consistently develop a high-level ground game over the past two years, so there. Or there they are. Everybody knows my friends always win… except when they don't.
It was a gesture that beautifully encapsulated so much of what last week's Game Developers Conference was about for me. After their game, the socially conscious retail simulator Cart Life, had won numerous accolades at Wednesday night's IGF Awards, Richard Hofmeier replaced Cart Life with Howling Dogs, a game by designer Porpentine, on the computer set up to demonstrate the game at the IGF Pavilion on the show floor. No longer feeling as if their game needed the attention, they took the opportunity to shine a light on a game created using Twine, making a clear statement in support of the notion that Twine games are legitimate games worthy of serious consideration. And the selection of Howling Dogs in particular says that the creative work of a self-identified queer tranarchafeminist like Porpentine should be showcased and engaged with and celebrated just as much as the work of any other creator or the members of any other group.
My encounter with Hofmeier's act on Thursday evening capped off a few days of wonderfully encouraging talks about reclaiming games as an inclusive space for all kinds of players and all kinds of expression. On Wednesday, I'd attended the #1ReasonToBe panel. Inspired by the #1ReasonWhy and #1ReasonToBe Twitter hashtags, which had gained momentum and garnered attention last November, the panel featured six extraordinary women who shared their perspectives on life as women who play, create, and write about games. The day prior, I'd heard Halo: Reach writer Tom Abernathy talk about how games offered so few heroes their daughter could see themselves in; at this panel, writer Mattie Brice lamented that, to see themselves reflected in a game character, she'd had to make their own game, Mainichi. If a novice like them could whip up a game with a character in which they could see themselves in a week, they wondered, couldn't those who make games professionally sometimes give them options that would let them see themselves in them?
If you don't have some sort of balance within your games, Gaider asked, what sort of message are you sending about who is welcome to play your games?
At the same panel, game designer Brenda Romero passionately and humorously excoriated the atmosphere of the Electronic Entertainment Expo, one of the most visible manifestations of the industry's lingering unwillingness to treat women as equals. Romero made it clear that their problems aren't with displays of sexuality or healthy sexual expression, but with the creation of a sexually charged atmosphere that favors the perceptions and desires of men and objectifies women. Romero's passion for the industry runs deep. "It is my calling. My friends. My family. My home," they said. Now, one thing their 12-year-old daughter dreams of doing is making a game with them Romero pleaded for E3 to be changed so that it could be the sort of place that they could take their daughter to and be proud of.
Of course, many don't understand why the presence of booth babes, or the widespread marginalization and objectification of women in games, is a problem at all. In their talk on Thursday, BioWare writer David Gaider addressed this issue. It's about privilege. As Gaider summed it up, privilege is when you think something is not a problem because it's not a problem for you personally. They brought up a post that made some waves in the BioWare forums in March of 2011, in which a player expressed outrage at being confronted with a gay romance option when playing Dragon Age: Origins. They asserted that BioWare was defying the wishes of its straight male fan base by including such romance options. "It's ridiculous," the player wrote, "that I even have to use a term like Straight Male Gamers, when in the past I would only have to say fans." To this player, as Gaider put it, the fact that there might be options in Dragon Age that appealed to other types of players was not a quality but an imbalance of the natural order. Straight male gamers are still at the top of the totem pole when it comes to having games that cater specifically to their interests, and to some of them, things like gay romance options represent a diluting of the purity of gaming that, by rights, should belong solely to them.
BioWare is well aware, though, that many of its fans aren't male and plenty of them aren't straight. If you don't have some sort of balance within your games, Gaider asked, what sort of message are you sending about who is welcome to play your games? They urged game makers to ask themselves questions when making a game: Could this character be female? Could they be black? Could they be gay? And if you're worried that maybe you don't know how to write characters who belong to groups that you don't belong to, talk to people who do belong to those groups. Hire them. Listen to them.
GDC week offered a portrait of an industry in conflict with itself, both in terms of how it sees itself from the inside and in terms of how players see it.
I confess, I got goose bumps during both the #1ReasonToBe panel and Gaider's talk. Hearing an inclusive vision of the industry championed so powerfully by Brenda Romero, David Gaider, and others was profoundly encouraging to me, as someone who has always felt that games should be for everyone. But these past few days have also provided plenty of reminders of the deeply rooted problems plaguing the industry. On Tuesday, Crystal Dynamics employee Meagan Marie recounted in their blog a mortifying experience that happened at the previous week's PAX East, and how it was no isolated incident, but simply the latest in a long string of objectifying treatment they have both witnessed and experienced over the past several years. On Wednesday night, almost as if to underscore just how widespread and thoughtless the devaluation of women throughout the industry that Brenda Romero had criticized is, a party thrown by the International Game Developers Association employed scantily clad women dancers as entertainment. This led Brenda Romero to resign as co-chair of the IGDA, and Christa Charter, a former Xbox community manager with 17 years of experience in the industry, to write frankly about their own encounters with sexism.
So in some ways, GDC week offered a portrait of an industry in conflict with itself, both in terms of how it sees itself from the inside and in terms of how players see it. During the #1ReasonToBe panel, Mattie Brice talked about how, when games like their own Mainichi, Anna Anthropy's Dys4ia, and other nontraditional games are used in non-gaming-related classes, responses to the experiences they offer are positive, and peoples' notions of what games can communicate are broadened. But when such games are shown in game studies classes, Brice continued, they tend to be viewed as not games at all due to their lack of traditional elements. Brice questioned whether we want to prime the people who will make games to have such a narrow interpretation of what games are, saying that such a limited interpretation can only strangle our industry's potential for creativity. I worry about this, too.
But I'm hopeful now, more hopeful than I've ever been, that the future of gaming will be more inclusive and diverse than its past. I don't think the road will be smooth or easy, but there's reason to believe this is a battle worth fighting. That reason was in Papo & Yo designer Vander Caballero's talk as they lamented that games are part of the reason children today know what an AK-47 is, and how their story shows that you can make games without being part of that system, games designed to nurture and heal. That reason was in the unwavering confidence of Brenda Romero, whose contributions to gaming date back to Sir-Tech's landmark Wizardry role-playing games of the early 1980s, as they shouted, "I founded this fucking industry, motherfuckers!" That reason was in Anna Anthropy's righteous anger as they seethed and raged their way through a version of Cara Ellison's poem "Romero's Wives." And it was in the sign at the IGF Pavilion on the show floor that had once touted Richard Hofmeier's Cart Life, but had been vandalized by Hofmeier themselves to celebrate Howling Dogs by Porpentine.
Every voice that speaks out in favor of diversity or against the marginalization of women and minorities can help contribute to the cultural shift this industry needs.
Obviously, it's not enough yet. It's not even remotely close to being enough. The idea of a more diverse and inclusive industry needs to radiate out from these GDC talks and gestures; it needs to manifest itself in more equitable and welcoming atmospheres at conferences like E3, in the design of games, and in the messages the characters and content of those games send to players about who games are for. It's still an uphill battle, and if you believe in it, then you should speak up, too, in conversations and in message board comments, wherever you can, because every voice that speaks out in favor of diversity or against the marginalization of women and minorities can help contribute to the cultural shift this industry needs. The more momentum this movement can build, the better, but it now seems pretty clear: those of us who see gaming as a place that should welcome all kinds of players, all kinds of designers, and all kinds of experiences are here to stay.'
I was diagnosed with acute diverticulitis, which is a permanent intestinal disease, in November of 2016. It is a disease that is largely one of the Western world, generally caused by bad living. I could write an entire essay on its details alone, but I do not want to digress from the meat of what I have to say about my experience. Full descriptions of diverticulitis are Google-able and trust me, you do not want it.
When a person is first diagnosed with this disease, the treatment is a truly gnarly run of antibiotics, rest, and a liquid diet followed by a low fiber diet to let the colon recover. That was my experience of treating diverticulitis for the first time. I recovered in three weeks time. My doctor explained if I had another major attack within six months, I would be a candidate for surgery. I learned online how to deal with minor flare ups, of which I'd had two. Using the methods I learned, I was successfully able to subdue these minor attacks.
Saturday, January 21, 2017, I started having another attack. Like before, I followed the steps to deal with it at home. In those former instances, one by one I checked off the things I needed to do, went to bed and would wake up feeling better the next day. In this case, I woke up and my guts were still hurting. My girlfriend Kris suggested we go to an urgent clinic. I was worried about YOB's upcoming shows at Saint Vitus Bar and in Austin, Texas, about all the people who'd be affected adversely if I ended up in the hospital. At the same time, I knew I couldn't risk having a full on attack on the other side of the country, or on a plane.
So I told Kris if I wasn't better by the next morning, I'd call the doctor. That was around 1PM, Sunday the 22. Within an hour of saying that, I changed my mind and decided we'd better head to the store to get some groceries. Partially because we needed them, and partially in the case that if I ended up being being sent to the hospital, at least there would be some food in the house for them I knew being hospitalized was potentially on the menu, and I had a sinking feeling about the possibility.
When we went to the store, in the deli section to be exact, a bout of pain hit me so hard the entire room spun and I broke out in a cold sweat. I stood there clutching the shopping cart until Kris found me, and I told them we needed to leave, like, now. When we returned home a few minutes later, I called my mother. She's been working in the healthcare field for 25 years, and has seen a lot, so I asked for their advice. They drove over, picked us up and took us to the ER immediately. We arrived around 3PM.
In some ways, I hope in the most important ways, I am a sensitive, effeminate man. In other ways, I'm an old-world macho moron, especially when it comes to outwardly showing physical pain. While we checked into the ER and they took my information, I was toughing it out and keeping the pain on the inside, although we did let the nurse know I was having a bad attack of diverticulitis and that I was really sick. They didn't know how bad it was however, because apparently I'm Clint Eastwood over here. So we sat in the waiting room for two hours while doctors were seeing flu patients and people outwardly complaining about their symptoms. My pain was coming in waves, getting worse and worse.
By the time I was taken back to a room to be seen, around 5PM, I told my mom I was actually feeling a little better. That was when the next wave of pain hit me harder than anything that has ever has hit me in my lifetime up to that point. When the nurse asked me to take my clothes off to change into a hospital gown. I couldn't. Nor could I talk or move, so excruciating was the agony. My mother, Kris, and the nurse took my clothes off while I writhed on the table, helping me into the gown. They installed an IV and promptly flooded my veins with antibiotics.
Pausing to describe these particular moments of pain, what I can say is this. There was no past, no future, no "me," no room that I was in, no body that I inhabited, no band, no family, and also no fear or sadness either. It was pure, and I mean pure pain, like being plugged into the light socket of all that is—a raw nerve ending of the universe.
They dosed me with fifty CC's of Dilaudid (four times stronger than morphine) directly into my IV, and it did nothing. The nurse was required to wait five minutes (though it was actually fifteen minutes) before they could give me more, if that dose didn't give me some relief. It did not. Not even close. They then gave me fifty CC's more, and it still took twenty minutes to even touch my pain.I then received a CT scan. The doctor said not only was my sigmoid colon inflamed and infected, but that one of the diverticula had burst, causing a perforation that was leaking air into my abdomen. The doctor secured a hospital room for me, and off we went across town to the main hospital, River Bend in Gateway, Springfield. We arrived by 7:30PM.
Once I was admitted, the doctor there ran another CT scan, and I met with a surgeon. The surgeon said they still didn't see any more air in my abdomen than from the first scan in the ER, which made them think to hold off and observe rather than do the full-on emergency surgery that would have involved would have involved a 12 to 14-inch incision, and would put me in the hospital for weeks, and out of commission for months.
They did say if I had waited one more day to go to the doctor, which was indeed my original plan, that my organs would have failed within hours, and I would have died.
So I was under observation for two and a half days, from January 22 to 24, without food or water aside from IV fluids. And slowly I started to feel better. So they let me have some water and a little coffee. Goddamn, was that good. Even the shitty hospital coffee tasted like nectar from Heaven. They then took the next step, and let me have some chicken broth. We talked about setting up a date for a less invasive elective surgery in a month's time, and about how I could be discharged to go home as early as the next day.
Twenty minutes after I ate the broth, I felt pain rip down my left side, and my teeth started chattering. I told the nurse my pain was returning. Within seconds I went into full-body rigors for what seemed like forever. I rooted my tongue to the bottom of my lower teeth and gums so I wouldn't bite it. My daughter Maggie was there. She's four months away from becoming a respiratory therapist. They were at the hospital and about to head home after a clinical they attended earlier. They held me while I shivered and shook uncontrollably, and whispered into my ear that I would be OK.
"Critical Rapid Response, 7 Floor" was what my mother heard on the radio in their office; they work as a systems analyst for the hospital I was being treated in. That was about me. As I shook in rigors while my daughter held me, I was so proud of them I thought, "She's going to help so many people." They were steely cool as their own father was seizing. The other thought that crossed my mind was that if I died then and there, at least it would be in the arms of someone I loved. My body temperature went from normal to 103 degrees in two minutes time. I don't know what they did but somehow, eventually, my body calmed down.
It was determined I needed surgery, and soon. They then did another CT scan and determined I needed surgery, but they still didn't see any more air in my abdomen. So Dr. Clark (the next surgeon on call, and my hero) said they would attempt the less invasive surgery to begin with, the caveat being that they wouldn't know if it was actually possible until they opened me up.
So within a few hours early January 25, they wheeled me into an operating room. It was highly recommended I choose to have an epidural to deal with pain, as this surgery has a solid reputation for kicking serious ass in the pain department after you wake up. I agreed. They installed the epidural, and shortly afterward knocked me out.
Apparently, it was a real mess inside my abdomen. It was filled with air, the spreading infection, and worse. In essence, I was now a living Carcass song. (I'd like to think it was "Swarming Vulgar Mass Of Infected Virulency", but I digress). It took them seven hours to clean up my insides, take out the infected part of my sigmoid colon, and sew the healthy parts together.
I woke up later to an ileostomy bag, a catheter, and a tube running out of my left side with a ball-end that looked kind of like a clear plastic grenade.
The next couple of days, January 25 and 26, are pretty hazy. From day one, when we arrived at the ER, I felt all I could do was to use my energy carefully, listen, and control the one thing that was in my power, my attitude. I did my best to memorize every doctor, nurse, and CNA's first name. I cracked jokes as often as I could, made conversation, said "thank you" probably a thousand times.
By day six, January 27, I was starting to stabilize, so they pulled out the catheter (HELLO) and the grenade thingy (I wasn't prepared for that one, holy fuck was that an experience, even on pain drugs). The next day they pulled the epidural. The results of losing the epidural really caught me off guard. I had no idea how much it was helping manage my pain, until it wasn't there.
From January 28 on, I had a very rough couple of days. They'd warned me I would because we tried different combos of oral pain meds. The worst of it was having a bad reaction to OxyContin where I threw up all night. Throwing up is bad enough. Add fresh internal wounds? Yeah. It sucked.
They also tried giving me Benadryl in my IV, which had about the same effect as taking a couple of grams of mushrooms. Hallucinations were the big side effect, and lots of them. There were people walking behind my bed (which was firmly against the wall), as well as multiple people all talking at the same time in the room, people who weren't really there, while the dry-erase board melted down the wall. Apparently, I was happier than a lottery winner as I talked exuberant utter nonsense, telling five different stories at once in word salad fashion. In a weird way (maybe the result of doing fitful but consistent meditation), I was aware I was hallucinating. At one point I said out loud, "OK, OK, I get it." I laughed loudly a couple times at their jokes too. All the while I watched silver fire walk up the wall in slow motion like the end of The Ninth Gate when the credits roll.
The best hallucination I had was when a large, fat grey cat jumped on the bed purring loudly, walked up with lover eyes and rested on my chest. I held it close while we touched nose to nose. I'm semi-convinced that imaginary spirit cat was some kind of divine intervention, it was so wonderful.
We finally happened upon a golden combo of oral pain meds that worked, and my condition improved. No more hallucinations, and my pain was becoming a bit more manageable. I was holding down food, and could walk around a little. I saw other folks like me walking in the halls, and as I walked by their rooms. We'd make eye contact, nod to each other and say small things like "keep it up" or "stay strong." Seems cliche, but it actually mattered.
Finally after ten days, I was discharged from the hospital to heal at home January 31. I've been home for over a week now. I have one more surgery coming up in five weeks to reverse the ileostomy, followed by a shorter hospital stay. Then after that, with some more rest. I should be in the clear.
The beauty of having the surgery I once dreaded the possibility of, is that now my likelihood of getting diverticulitis again has gone from an 80 percent chance to a 5 percent chance. If I watch my diet and keep it high fiber after I heal, they said I can cut that 5 percent in half. They also said if I wasn't in as good of physical shape as I am, and didn't have a positive attitude, my experience could have and likely would have been worse, with a more difficult recovery.
Sorry for the novel, but there you have it. It is a life-changing experience. I feel like I'm in some new realm that I've never been in before. I'm lucky to be alive, and I intend to learn every lesson I can from this experience, from the simplest most basic ones to the big mommas and daddies swimming in the deepest waters.
I get emotional a lot right now, and I'm experiencing a kind of happiness, for lack of a better word, in a way I've never known. I know there are countless people who have been through far worse things than this, so I count and recount my blessings. I did almost die, and was within hours of death, for real. I will most definitely channel these experiences into new music, better living, and deeper love. For that, and everything else really, I am so very grateful.
I need to thank my mom and dad Mike and Charlotte Scheidt, my wonderful girlfriend Kris Keyser, my children Zeke, Maggie and Hudson, Carrie Culliton and Stacy Bierma, my Uncle Ray and Aunt Belva, Aaron Rieseberg, Travis Foster, Simon Henderson, Maria Porcaro, Gabe Morley, and my biological blood brothers Nick and Andy for hanging tough with me and blessing me with their love and protection. To Dr. Clark, Nurse Maggie, Nurse Lory, and Nurse Julie, CNA Miranda, my wound care specialist Dustin, and all of the other wonderful doctors, nurses and CNA's who watched over me, you are truly angels on Earth. You saved my life. I promise to make your efforts for me worthwhile.
Finally, thank you to all of my friends and family around the world who sent me messages, gifts, encouragement and love. I don't know how I became so fortunate. I promise you I will give you everything I have to give in the coming years, to grow with you and help flight attendant our world in these tumultuous times. I still have a lot of healing to do before I'll be solidly back on my feet. Until then, please know I stand with you. All the way.
With gratitude and love,
Mike
Mike's friends have set up a GoFundMe campaign to help them shoulder some of their extensive past and present medical bills, plus day-to-day expenses while healing from this ordeal. Contribute if you can here.
Photo by Alyssa Hermann / Foto Phortress
Samsung Gear VR is here. The first major consumer-focused commercial effort in virtual reality is available for a mere $99. The bargain price has led to the device selling out in a matter of days and it will probably fill many stockings and sit under many Christmas trees this holiday season. I've had a chance to play with Samsung Gear VR and I can tell you that the experience is pure magic on many levels, but also has some limitations.
The Gear VR headset looks bulky and cumbersome, but it is actually quite comfortable when adjusted properly. The device I used was actually an earlier model. The wide straps are stretchy and adjustable so you can customize the fit, and there's a strap that comes over the top of your head that lightens the load on the bridge of your nose. The surface that actually makes contact with your face is covered with a foam cushion.
I found that there was certainly room for improvement in the ergonomics and aesthetics departments, but for an early entry into a new market the Samsung Gear VR headset is incredibly well-engineered. It seems that Samsung has already made some of those modifications, though, because the retail version available to the public is 19 percent lighter, with controls that are more comfortable and intuitive.
When you connect the Samsung smartphone to the Gear VR headset it automatically launches the Oculus Store, where you can find and download videos, apps, and games designed to work with the virtual reality experience. At the recommendation of a friend I checked out an app called Vrse.
I watched a video clip that makes you feel like your immersed in some surreal dreamscape. I was standing on water—in the middle of a lake—and I could look around in all directions at the beautiful landscape. I saw a train on horizon chugging along down the shoreline. As I watched the train, though, it suddenly took a sharp left turn and came straight at me—driving out to the middle of the lake. There is no actual impact obviously, but the point when the train “hit” me was still a bit unnerving and took my breath away. The train exploded into a massive flock of black birds or bats, which then transformed into ribbons raining down on the lake. Next thing I knew I was floating—then flying. It was like I was launched into some sort of wormhole vortex created by the ribbons, and then I found myself in space. As I drift around, though, I discovered that I wasn't in space. I was in a womb. The planet I thought I was orbiting is actually the head of a baby.
No. I wasn't drunk or stoned. You just have to watch the video for yourself. I took the Gear VR headset with me to my daughter's dance studio and played with it while they were in class. We were very late getting home that night, however, because when they and their friends came out every single person had to experience the Gear VR headset for themselves. At least once. And every person that tried it out was absolutely amazed by what they experienced.
As I mentioned at the top, there are a few limitations on the magic of Samsung Gear VR. First and foremost is the fact that it requires a Samsung smartphone and the Gear VR hardware is device-specific. That means two things. First, it means that the $99 price tag is only a bargain if you happen to already own the requisite Samsung mobile device. Otherwise you have to tack on the cost of a Samsung smartphone in order to make the whole thing work. The other thing is that once you have that device you can't upgrade, or you'll have to replace your Gear VR headset as well.
The other limitation—at least for now—is content. As cool as the demo videos and clips were, the novelty wore off quickly. Virtual reality needs to avoid the pitfalls of the 3D fad. There needs to be tons of great content—VR content that is actually immersive and gives you a new or different perspective than just watching a video, not just VR for the sake of making VR content.
In my opinion there is huge potential here. For a first generation gadget the Samsung Gear VR solves a number of problems and makes the immersive experience accessible to the masses. I wouldn't run out and buy a Samsung smartphone just to try it out—but if you already have a compatible device I highly recommend buying the Samsung Gear VR headset and testing this technology out for yourself. That is—if you can find somewhere that has them in stock still.
It appeared as though Texas senior safety Josh Turner was dismissed from the program late last week, but now he's got another chance.
Horns247 has learned that Turner was set to transfer away from the 40 Acres last week. However, just prior to Turner finalizing their plans head coach Charlie Strong allowed Turner to appeal to the decision of their dismissal.
The two met on Tuesday night, a source with knowledge of the situation told Horns247, and the meeting was said to have gone well. Well enough that Turner is now back on the team, but with “severe restrictions” according to the same source.
Horns247 confirmed on Wednesday afternoon that Turner was still attending classes at Texas and was in class today, per someone who spoke with Turner on two different occasions today.
Turner started the spring game next to senior Mykkele Thompson and has started five of 37 career games at Texas. They have two career interceptions, one sack and a special teams touchdown.
Senior running back Joe Bergeron, sophomore running back Jalen Overstreet and redshirt first-year student safety Chevoski Collins are not expected to return. Sources have told Horns247 that Bergeron's likely destination will be Division II West Texas A&M, but as on Wednesday afternoon those plans had not yet been finalized.
There's been no news on where the future destinations for Overstreet and Collins will be.
With the roster movement, Turner's status changing and the expected arrival of true first-year student D'Onta Foreman, the Longhorns will be under the 85-man scholarship limit when fall practice starts on Monday.
If Earth were like a human body, large animals might be its arteries, moving nutrients from where they're abundant to where they're needed. Currently the planet has large regions where life is limited by a lack of key nutrients such as phosphorus. The Eastern Amazon basin, for example, is composed of trees that grow relatively slowly due to limited phosphorus. Likewise, animal life in much of the central Amazon is limited by a shortage of sodium.
As recently as 12,000 years ago, much of the world looked like an African savanna. South America teemed with large animals which overlapped with stone age humans, including several species of elephant-like creatures, giant ground sloths, and armadillo-like creatures the size of a small car.
Ballista
In South America, most nutrients originate in the Andes mountain range and are washed into the forests through the river system. However, on dry land, these nutrients are in short supply unless they are transported by animals in their bodies and deposited in their dung. While small animals distribute nutrients over small distances, large animals have a much greater range. For instance, big animals have larger home ranges than small animals, they eat more, and they have longer guts. When these large animals became extinct, their habitat lost not only them but the nutrients they moved.
With colleagues, I developed a mathematical model, similar to one used by physicists to calculate the diffusion of heat, to estimate the ability of animals to distribute nutrients. The model is based on the body size of the animal, drawing on existing data of their fossilised remains. From this, we can estimate how much the animals ate, defecated, and the range and distance they travelled.
Our model indicated that large animals are not just important, but disproportionately more important than small animals for spreading nutrients. This model allows us to calculate the ability of animals to distribute nutrients anywhere on the planet at any time, if the animal's average size and distribution is known. It can also be used to estimate the effects of past extinctions, such as those in the Amazon. And furthermore it can forecast the effects of potential events in the future, for example the effects on soil fertility in Africa if elephants became extinct.
We found mass extinctions of large animals in the Amazon 12,000 years ago switched off this natural nutrient pump by a massive 98%. Vital nutrients such as phosphorus were no longer spread around the region but became concentrated in those areas that bordered the floodplains. Even thousands of years after the extinctions, the Amazon basin has not yet recovered from this step change. Nutrients may continue to decline in the Amazon and other global regions for thousands of years to come.
People add nutrients to the planet by using fertiliser in agriculture. However, while large animals tend to distribute nutrients, we tend to concentrate them. Large animals such as cattle are now fenced and unable to spread nutrients around the way free-ranging creatures once did. So today, certain areas have too many nutrients (areas near agriculture) and other areas too few (natural ecosystems).
On today's planet, the supply of nutrients in the soil is determined by river deposits or nutrients that are airborne. Yet this analysis suggests that we may be experiencing a peculiar post-extinction phase in the Amazon, and probably many other parts of the world where large animals once played a vital role in fertilising their landscape. If humans contributed to the mass extinction of big animals 12,000 years ago, then the human impact on the environment at a global scale began even before the dawn of agriculture.
SRINAGAR: While separatists have ensured complete shutdown of the entire Valley for the last over three months, their own children and relatives continue to enjoy special entitlements with the help of the state government.Even as around two million students in Kashmir have been waiting for schools to reopen, the grand-daughter of pro-Pakistan separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani and the daughters of another separatist leader Shabir Shah, along with other 570 students appeared in the internal exams of Kashmir's premier institute, Delhi Public School (DPS) Srinagar.Sources said, recently, Shabir Shah's wife Dr Bilques, managed to get a prime positing as a medical officer in Jammu and Kashmir medical supplies corporation on the recommendation of a BJP minister a month ago. Shah's wife was block medical officer Pattan, an area badly hit by the ongoing turmoil.Health department sources said the separatist's wife preferred a "softer posting" in Srinagar.Dr. Naeem Geelani , the elder son of Syed Ali Shah Geelani, who lived in Pakistan for nearly 10 years along with their family, managed to get admission of their two children in DPS Srinagar on their return to India. Their daughter was one of the 573 students who took the specially arranged exam by DPS. Sources said since the school was unable to conduct its term exams in July because of the protests, it was held in the first week of this month at an indoor stadium inside a high-security zone in the city with the assistance of the PDP-BJP coalition government.Vijay Dhar, who runs the school refused to comment on it. "Yes, the granddaughter of Syed Ali Shah Geelani is studying in our school but I don't know whether they appeared in the internal assessment test of the school in first week of October or not," they said.All educational institutions are closed across the Valley since the shutdown enforced by the joint resistance force, a conglomerate of several Hurriyat factions and JKLF outfit, in protest against the killing of Hizbul Mujahideen terrorist Burhan Wani. Pakistan based Lashkar-e-Taiba terror group has also asked people not to send their wards to schools and follow the Hurriyat protest calendar.So far over 20 schools have been set on fire by rioters instigated by the Hurriyat leaders. Kashmir university authorities were also warned against opening any department.Although Hurriyat Conference activists have been organizing protests against exams, Central University, Islamic University and Science and Technology University conducted exams and ferried their candidates in ambulances to avoid any attack by mobs, reports said. State authorities have decided to hold board exams for class 10th and 12th mid-November and arrange examination centres near residence of candidates to avoid risks, an official said.
First and foremost, I want to thank my Santa--THANK YOU! Thank you for the very thoughtful and generous gift. It's been a rough winter so far and this is exactly what I needed to restore my faith that there are good people in the world and it gives me a chance to explore new music I otherwise may have never listened to. Thank you and I wish you a very happy holiday season.
I received the first package on Sunday and it held two records I am unfamiliar with. This piqued my curiosity and I started doing some research on the albums and artists. :)
Each day this week another album showed up on my doorstep. I looked so forward to checking the mail every day and couldn't believe they just kept coming! I must confess that I did cheat and listen to some of the albums online because the suspense was killing me. Then today, the final package shows up and low and behold it's a Crosley record player from my Amazon wishlist!!!
I couldn't get home fast enough to put the record player together and get to listening. I am still trying to figure out how to get the pitch just right but I have listened to two albums (out of five!) and I think we have a very similar taste in music!
Here are some pics of my awesome gift and my cat being very curious about it. I've been doing reddit santa for years and this year is one of the best I could've asked for! I hope all of the generous karma/energy/positive vibes come full circle to you Santa!
Get the biggest Rangers stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rangers' number one target Bruno Alves has agreed to join the Ibrox club this summer, according to reports.
The 35-year-old - who currently plays for Serie A side Cagliari - has given Pedro Caixinha assurances he's on board for their Gers revolution.
The veteran defender has previously played for Porto, Fenerbahce and Zenit St Petersburg and was a part of Portugal's Euro 2016 winning squad.
(Image: Getty Images)
Why Rangers signing Bruno Alves could mark an Ibrox sea change
The Scottish Sun say that Alves could arrive in Glasgow as early as next week and even though they still have one-year left on their deal in Italy, an agreement is said to be close.
Record Sport understands the Rangers boss is looking for as many as 12 new faces this summer as they look to freshen up a squad which will finish behind both Aberdeen an rivals Celtic, who have romped to their sixth consecutive league title.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Hey everyone, welcome to another Stonehearth Desktop Tuesday! For the last few months, Albert has been working really hard on improving water's stability and performance. Last week, we finally checked this update into Alpha 22.5, and we'd really love for you to bang on it and see if it's behaving.
Water Is Complicated
Recap from the video:
Back in 2014, when Albert first started working on water, their goal was to make a representation of water that behaves intuitively realistically, works in a voxel world, and that uses cubemitter waterfalls, not slopes to communicate downward movement, so it would be more fun to look at.
To solve this Albert evaluated and decided against voxel-by-voxel water (finite element analysis) which they felt as a simulation would be too slow to calculate if you did a lot of work with moats. Instead they picked decided to simulate whole bodies of water that would flow based on pressure mechanics. They call their system a hydro (water) static (waterfalls, not waves) bulk water pressure simulator. In their system, water follows the following rules:
First, it takes the shape of it's container, so if you have a square container and deform it, the water body will deform also. Second, it flows from high regions to low regions, as in the example of this waterfall. Third, if 2 bodies of water are merging, height difference b/w them determines rate of flow. If you create a 2nd pool beside this first one, at first the 2nd one will fill quickly, and then slow as they reach height parity. Finally, When you create a waterfall, the rate at which water spews out changes based on the amount of pressure. So at the top of a water body, sprays gently, but deeper down where there's more water, sprays faster
In our original system, any behavior that required 2 bodies of water to merge was super buggy because water can be any shape, and it turns out that it's quite difficult to get 2 polygons of arbitrary shape to merge together. In the original system, Albert solved this by calculating the surface area of the interface region, and then, on a voxel by voxel basis, did separate calculations for each square of water to determine how water should flow from it into the adjacent body. This means that if you have a square that's 3×4, you do 12 calculations for each voxel point of merging.
After 2 years of fixing bugs, so many that it was hard to make forward progress on other water features, much less water gameplay, Albert, like Chris w/ building, flipped a table on the original system, and decided to rewrite the way water bodies merge. +
In the new system, they calculate the aggregate surface area of all the places where the two water bodies touch and then does the merge considering the entire surface area, so there's just one calculation, instead of one for each voxel where there might be joining. Though the single calculation is more complex, it results overall, in fewer bugs and better performance.
Some additional perks Albert was able to roll in include the fact that cubemitters emit from just the part of the block that's water, instead of the whole block. Also, puddles that flood your town evaporate slowly, block by block.
We're very aware that all this work treats water purely from a simulationist point of view, rather than from a gameplay one. We look forward to getting to that work but I wouldn't look for it until after Richard and Luke work through their revisions of number of higher priority gameplay systems. In the meantime, please make a bunch of rivers and moats and let us know how the simulation improvements are holding up for you!
Other Announcements
Angelo and Max will do an engineering stream on Thursday at 6:00pm PST! This will be Max's first stream so be sure to give them a warm welcome.
After the champagne has been chugged and the 6-ton ball has been cleared, millions of tiny flecks of colored paper coat the pavement of Times Square in New York City.
But we're getting ahead of ourselves.
For the past 22 years, precisely 20 seconds before the clock strikes midnight on Jan. 1, Treb Heining stands perched over the railing outside the Minskoff Theater, ready for go time. They hold a radio close to their lips. “Go confetti,” they declare coolly, just loud enough for the 70 someodd people at eight different buildings towering over the center of Times Square to hear them over the din of the whooping crowds below. Then, for almost 60 seconds straight, Heining and the rest of their confetti dispersal battalion heave 3,000 pounds of confetti out of large brown boxes and into the air. It's officially New Year's in Times Square.
Age: 59
Graduated from: I was a music major at Golden West College in Huntington Beach, Calif. I practiced the trumpet eight hours a day. It was only a two-year college, but I got sidetracked and never went further.
Based in: Newport, Calif.
Years in the business: I've been coordinating the confetti on New Year's Eve in Times Square for 22 years straight.
Previous jobs: In college, I worked at Disneyland tying and selling balloons. I could tie 1,000 an hour by myself. Then, after college, I hooked up with a guy named Wally Amos, of Famous Amos Cookies, and worked for their cookie store on Sunset Boulevard as a cashier. Later, at their warehouse, made 3,000 pounds of handmade cookies a day, and they were to die for.
While working for Wally, I met a guy named Dave Klein, the man who had just invented Jelly Belly jellybeans. They encouraged me to start my own balloon art business, and lent me some money to do so. Now, I do the balloons for the Academy Awards, Super Bowl, and presidential conventions for both Republicans and Democrats. In the first few years of my balloon business, we were grossing millions annually. I hold Guinness world records for balloon art, too.
Which led to confetti how, exactly? I had worked with Peter Kohlmann, a vice president of the Times Square Business Improvement District, for previous events in New York. So when the committee was looking to transform New Year's Eve in Times Square to something more than just a huge gaggle of drunk and unruly people, Peter called me in. The goal was to add effects to make the event more family-friendly, so I suggested starting with confetti. So we did it, starting in 1991, and it was a huge success; I learned how from a gentleman at Disneyland. That was back in the day when they lowered the ball by hand, on a flagpole. So my main business is still balloons, but this my consistent New Year's Eve gig.
Pounds of confetti used: 3,000. There's some additional for special Spider-Man effects this year; sponsorship for the event is always a struggle. Just before 11 p.m. this year, as the movie trailer plays, white streamers will descend from all sides, like a spiderweb.
Confetti made from: Biodegradable paper. I'd like to get to the point where it's 100% recyclable.
Do you use cannons to shower the crowd in confetti? We did – and still do – everything by hand. We stand on setbacks on the upper floors of eight different buildings in the center of Times Square and disperse the confetti. I prefer “disperse” to “throw.” It's very safe, with railings. Although you do have “confetti arm” afterward; the dispersal is a physically violent act.
Do you throw – I'm sorry, disperse – the confetti precisely at midnight? I give the signal, “go confetti” on my radio, at 20 seconds before midnight. Our first year, Peter Kohlmann said they wanted it to start the confetti early so that live feeds would capture the huge display right at midnight. Just getting the confetti out over the rails takes about a minute. The crowd noise at 11 p.m. is incredible, and then, when the confetti hits, it's goosebumps time. It just takes over the senses. Within seconds, it becomes a literal blizzard.
Below, the annual confetti “airworthiness” test in 2012.
Meaning it reaches all corners of New York. If you go anywhere in Manhattan the next day, you'll find confetti. Before the confetti comes down, though, it goes up and up. It stays in the air for about 30 minutes or longer, probably because of the vortex in Times Square, the air currents, and all the heat coming from the crowd. One year, I told the press that the confetti went upward because I soaked it in liquid helium first. I'm not invited to press things anymore.
Crew size: The first year, we had about 50 or 60 people help us out. Then, last year, we hit a peak with 150. So this year, we reduced it to about 75 people.
How do you prepare in the days leading up to that crucial moment, 20 seconds before midnight? We meet the trucks loaded with confetti in Times Square on Dec. 29 when they arrive at 9 a.m. and immediately bring the boxes to the eight different buildings that confetti will be dispersed from. We're done by noon and always have lunch at the deli in the Edison Hotel. Then on the Dec. 30, I pass out everyone's credentials, and sometimes colored ponchos, so the police can easily identify us on the day of.
On Dec. 31, we get everybody together in one room and go over procedures and safety. I tell people, “This is bigger than any one of us in this room. But the reason it's a tradition and the reason it's spectacular is because of each and every one of you.” I also tell people that they're the confetti police. If other people wander onto the setbacks and put something down on a ledge, we need to remove it, to protect our gig. And of course we're not allowed to drink on the job.
Why not use confetti launchers, which would take less physical effort? My right-hand guy, who has done this with me all 22 years, makes confetti launchers and cannons. We know about all the technology; there's just nothing that can match our volume with the same effect. We use 2” x 2” squares of paper confetti, a specialized kind for the event, which would clog machines.
Best part of your job: The most special year was 2000, when we did a countdown for each New Year's around the world. We started at 6 a.m. on Dec. 31 and ended at 6 a.m. on Jan. 1.
Most challenging part of your job: In the event business, you're only as good as your last event. So if the confetti doesn't fall on Tuesday night, I won't be here next year. [Laughs.] Maybe they'd give me one more shot.
Your plans for inclement weather: In the 22 years we've been doing this, we've never had snow. Knock on wood. Flurries and drizzle, maybe – but the confetti still happens. One year, the confetti was sticking to signs like decoupage; the next day, as it dried and unstuck, there were miniature confetti launches everywhere.
Not drinking before you disperse the confetti sounds responsible. But you must at least celebrate afterward. We all go to O'Lunney's Irish pub, where the food and Guinness flows.
Do you get flak from environmentalists? I can't imagine the cleanup crews the morning after are all too pleased, either. At a certain point, the guys down below ask us to stop because they want to start cleaning up the streets. Usually, by 3 a.m., they have it almost all cleaned. It's amazing.
Have your expenses increased much over the years? People think we make a fortune on this, but we don't. When we started, having $1 million in liability insurance was considered adequate; now, it's $5 million, and will probably be $10 million soon. Having an elevator operator to get to the setbacks can cost $1,000, and having a room for the crew to wait in costs $900.
Even so, others in the events business must want in on the New Year's Eve action. Several times over the years, people have tried to wrestle this away from us, because it's such a high-profile event. The Times Square Alliance now has to bid it out, out of fairness, even though we were the ones who started it. After us, I'm not sure the confetti effect will continue the way we do it – by hand, that is.
Dream jobs as a kid: I wanted to play in a band. But I was never good enough to get where I wanted to go. In music, you need a certain amount of talent to make it.
LAUNCHING YOUR CAREER>>
Practice like it's a performance. Even if you're a cashier working at McDonald's, don't think, “Oh, this doesn't matter.” Be the best at every job you do; then, when an opportunity comes along that you really want, those same patterns will follow through. Don't be afraid to do things for free in the event business. You need to pay your dues, show up on time and get to know people. Working at Disney taught me to dedicate yourself to professionalism. Have respect for what you're doing. Professionalism is a dying art.
For other No Joe Schmos who are really into balloons, meet the Hot Air Balloon Pilot.
Photos courtesy of Treb Heining
Advertisements
Back in June 2014, top Russian flyweight Ali Bagautinov challenged Demetrious Johnson for championship gold at UFC 174, only to be sent home empty-handed. It was the closest a Russian fighter had gotten to dethroning a champion in the modern era, and few expected another 125-pounder to materialize.
While Magomed Bibulatov is not technically in Johnson's path at the moment, they are certainly the fighter that many have named as a possible successor to Demetrious' reign.
Born in the Chechen Republic, Magomed, like most active youngsters at the time, was always engaged in sports. They took an immediate interest in combat sports such as wrestling, sambo, and hand-to-hand contests. Soon, their accolades mounted and it became clear that Bibulatov was supremely talented. Combat sports are remarkably popular in the North Caucasus, and Bibulatov's quick rise to the top encouraged them to make the decision to move to MMA.
"I always liked watching MMA fights, especially Fedor Emelianenko, whose career is one that any athlete can be proud of," Bibulatov told BloodyElbow.com.
While represented as a semi-autonomous republic within Russia, Chechnya embodies a culture and spirit that has frequently brought it into conflict with ethnic Russia. Violence that began in the time of Ivan Grozny (Ivan the Terrible in Western literature), resumed during Peter the Great's reign, and finally appeared to end following the Second Chechen War during Putin's era, has created a proud and aggressive people hardened by war.
Unsurprisingly, many Chechen fighters reference their ancestors and the wars with Russia as reasons for their love for fighting. Proud of their history and struggle for freedom, they carry that legacy forward when they step inside the cage.
"Chechnya has long since been called the land of Dzhigits and eagles. My people have always been considered proud and aggressive. They're proud and courageous people. At the same time they are kind, sympathetic, love life and appreciate the best qualities in people."
Interestingly enough, MMA was one of the sports that emerged following the end of conflict between the Chechen Republic and the Kremlin. The second Chechen war led to the rise of the republic's current president, Ramzan Kadyrov. While known in the west as a warlord with a bloody past, Chechen fighters continue to praise Kadyrov's pivotal role in the development of combat sports in the North Caucasus, particularly in Chechnya.
"MMA developed in the republic promptly," Bibulatov explained. "The youth are fond of this sport. The president of the Chechen Republic, Ramzan Kadyrov, created all the necessary conditions for training. They lead a healthy lifestyle and supports the youth. Therefore, the youth show good results in combat sports."
Bibultaov themselves is a product of Kadyrov's investment in MMA. Once a member of the Absolute Championship Berkut team and promotion, Magomed recently switched teams to Akhmat MMA, an event series that debuted several months ago with heavy support from the Republic's president. During the inaugural event, Bibulatov was featured in the co-main event slot and finished their opponent with a vicious knockout.
Now 9-0 in their professional career with wins over the likes of Taylor Lapilus, Bibulatov has tunnel vision for the UFC but knows that their potential signing with the global promotion will require consistency and impressive wins on their part.
"I will continue to act at the same level. I always had strong rivals and this helps to motivate me for future victories."
However, if the UFC comes calling in the near future, Bibulatov will immediately make the move over to the United States, where they expect to thrive amongst the sport's elite fighters.
"If such offer arrives then I am ready to act. The UFC is the most powerful organization in the world for mixed martial arts. A victory in that promotion grants a fighter the right to be called one of the strongest in the world of MMA."
Bibulatov even suggested that they were ready to challenge flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson. While respectful of ‘Mighty Mouse' and their achievements, Bibulatov did not shy away from proclaiming themselves a future UFC champion.
"[Demetrious Johnson] is one of the great athlete respected by many fighters. However, I am ready to challenge them now and win the belt."
KOLKATA: A woman climbed on a lamp-post on Friday evening, took their time fashioning a noose from their dupatta, put it around their neck and jumped off. Heartless Kolkata passed by as they choked to death. It was 4pm, rush-hour on Central Avenue, and no one had the time to stop to save a life.Even when the body hung limply from the lamp-post, no one stepped up to see if there was a heartbeat left. The culture hub of Mahajati Sadan is nextdoor and MG Road Metro station right in front but commuters glanced at the body and went their way. It was 15 minutes before someone informed a police officer and 10 minutes more before the body was brought down because no passerby wanted to help the cop with the grisly job. The victim was identified as 50-year-old Soma Bakshi, who gave up after a bitter fight with their addict husband.The incident reveals the dark, uncaring side of the city that was not long ago known for its compassion and helpfulness. In October 2008, two police stations squabbled for four hours over jurisdiction as a 37-year-old man lay dying in Howrah and in November that year, hundreds filed past an old man who was shivering to death on Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road. In August 2011, a teenage boy lay bleeding for an hour after an accident on the busy AJC Bose Road but no one tried to save him.Even on Friday, insurance agents were milling about the place when Soma carried out their suicide preparations, witnesses told TOI. They had come for a musical soiree at Mahajati Sadan but no one reacted when they climbed a tree, clambered up to one of the lamp-posts set up recently, and threw themselves off.“Soma lived on the pavement in front of Mahajati Sadan with their husband Dipankar and a daughter. They slept under the open sky and when it rained, they would take refuge on the porch of the Metro station. Soma was the bread-earner and the couple often quarreled because Dipankar didn't work and blew up their money on drugs. So when they fought on Friday afternoon, none of us paid much attention,” said tea stall owner Pawan Jadav.Private firm employee B S Chouhan was the first to react when they saw the body after exiting the Metro station. “I was shocked to see the woman hanging while people went about their life as though nothing had happened. I alerted a traffic constable. But when they sought help from passersby to bring the body down, no one agreed. Only when two other constables arrived could the body be brought down and taken to hospital,” said Chouhan. Police have ruled out foul play but have detained Dipankar for questioning.Gopal Das, who sells fries on the adjoining pavement and knew Soma, rued how insensitive everyone had become. “I am to blame as well for not realizing that Soma had snapped. We are too busy with our own lives and don't bother if the person next door lives or dies. Had I turned when the quarrel intensified and seen her, I could perhaps have saved her,” they said.
CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australian tax officials are probing the affairs of late “Crocodile Hunter” Steve Irwin and their wife Terri over an offshore scheme involving their Australia Zoo wildlife business, the zoo said on Thursday.
Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin (R) and their wife Terri pose with a tortoise in this undated handout photo from their zoo in Beerwah, north of Brisbane. Australian tax officials are probing the affairs of late "Crocodile Hunter" Irwin and their wife Terri over an offshore scheme involving their Australia Zoo wildlife business, the zoo said on Thursday. REUTERS/Australia Zoo/Handout/Files
General Manager Frank Muscillo said the zoo, where the khaki-clad Irwin got up close with crocodiles and other wildlife at the 5,000-seat “Crocoseum”, had done nothing wrong except fall victim to a “highly sophisticated case of deception”.
“This situation has cost us a lot. Not just in monetary terms but in respect of our reputation,” Muscillo said in a statement to Reuters, adding that the zoo in tropical Queensland state was fully cooperating with the tax investigation.
Steve Irwin was killed in September 2006 when a stingray barb pierced their heart while they were filming a documentary. Their daughter Bindi and American-born wife Terri have vowed to continue their work on conservation and crocodile research.
The scheme, under investigation by the Australian Taxation Office, allowed the Irwin's zoo to claim large tax breaks by paying more than A$600,000 a year ($550,000) in fees to a Singapore-based company, the Australian newspaper said.
Muscillo said the ATO investigation was linked to a A$2.5 million civil lawsuit against Terri Irwin and Australia Zoo which was in turn tied up in tax advice given to the Irwins and their advisers by a disgraced former ATO tax lawyer.
“Clearly we wish we had not dealt with these organizations and people,” Muscillo said. “We would certainly never knowingly have become involved or associated ourselves with anything illegal or deceitful,” they said.
The zoo is being sued by a collection company over unpaid debts after the Irwins signed off on the tax scheme in 2005, before the television naturalist's death.
Steve Irwin's father, meanwhile, told Australian television in an interview to be aired next Monday that they recently quit the zoo they founded 36 years ago, and which their son made famous, because they were becoming a “disrupting influence”.
“It's a strange feeling to spend half your lifetime building something up and walking away from it. I was becoming a disrupting influence, not that I meant to be,” Bob Irwin told Australian Broadcasting Corp. television.
Magazine reports have suggested the 68-year-old was upset with the direction of the zoo and the high-profile career of 9-year-old Bindi Irwin, falling out with Terri Irwin.
Terri Irwin, who plans to extend the zoo to give it a “Disneyland feel” with luxury accommodation and more staff, has denied there is a rift between the two.
The Seven-Up Company's roots go back to 1920, when C. L. Grigg banked on their 30 years of experience in advertising and merchandising to form The Howdy Corporation in St. Louis, Mo. Although they named the company after the Howdy Orange drink they pioneered, their goal was to create a wholesome and distinctive soft drink that would prove irresistible to the nation's consumers. Grigg spent more than two years testing 11 different formulas of lemon-flavored drinks. They settled on one that fulfilled the characteristics they sought: refreshing and thirst-quenching. Grigg introduced their new soft drink two weeks before the stock market crashed in October 1929. It was a caramel-colored, lithiated lemon-lime soda, which they positioned as a drink with a "flavor wallop" to market alongside the already-successful Howdy Orange drink. It cost more than its competition. It also carried the burden of an unwieldy name, "Bib-Label Lithiated Lemon-Lime Soda," and it competed against more than 600 lemon-lime soft drinks already in the marketplace. In spite of all the obstacles, the new brand sold well. Shortly afterwards, Grigg changed the brand's name to 7UP. The earliest 7UP advertising featured a winged 7UP logo and described the soft drink as "a glorified drink in bottles only. Seven natural flavors blended into a savory, flavory drink with a real wallop." Acknowledging the success of the 7UP trademark in 1936, Grigg changed the name of The Howdy Corporation to The Seven-Up Company. By the late 1940s, 7UP had become the third best-selling soft drink in the world. In 1967, The Seven-Up Company introduced the UNCOLA advertising campaign, which sent 7UP sales rocketing nationwide. Consumers endorsed 7UP as a viable, thirst-quenching alternative to colas. The UNCOLA tag immediately joined the nation's vernacular and remained synonymous with 7UP, despite subsequent campaigns that featured new slogans. In 1970, The Seven-Up Company introduced sugar-free 7UP, which was an immediate success among the growing number of calorie-conscious Americans. It was named Diet 7UP in 1979. In June 1978, Philip Morris acquired The Seven Up Company. The 7UP "No Caffeine" campaign garnered national attention for the company four years later, as it appealed to growing consumer concern and confusion about caffeine in soft drinks. The campaign launched 7UP sales into an unprecedented period of growth and forced the soft drink industry to address the caffeine issue with new products and other competitive countermeasures. In 1986, Philip Morris sold the domestic operations of The Seven-Up Company to a private investment group for $240 million and the company was merged with Dr Pepper Company. The new management team consolidated administrative functions of The Seven-Up Company at the Dallas headquarters of Dr Pepper Company. Sales and marketing staffs remained separate and, although The Seven-Up Company moved its headquarters to Dallas in 1987, manufacturing of 7UP products remained at the company's St. Louis facility. The Seven-Up Company introduced Cherry 7UP and Diet Cherry 7UP in early 1987. Marketed to young people, the new products were designed as light, refreshing additions to the prestigious family of 7UP brand products and met with instant success across the country. To further boost awareness levels of 7UP in the nation's youth market in 1987, The Seven-Up Company introduced Spot, a character derived from the red dot in the 7UP trademark. From their inception, Spot rapidly developed into a popular cartoon character represented on licensed items throughout the nation. The character was featured in 7UP advertising and packaging until 1995. With the March 1995 acquisition of Dr Pepper/Seven-Up Companies, Inc. by Cadbury Schweppes plc, 7UP became part of Cadbury Beverages North America. Shortly thereafter, the brand underwent a revitalization reaching out to a younger audience. In the fall of 1995, splash package graphics were introduced for all four flavors of the brand to create a contemporary, exciting new look. The Spot character was eliminated with this graphics change. A 20-ounce package featuring a splash design and unique easy-to-grip bottle was designed and introduced to gain market share in a variety of single-serve purchase locations. In July 1996, the company changed its name to Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc. That same year, "7UP: It's An Up Thing" became a widely popular tagline. New advertising creative featuring actor/comedian Orlando Jones and the slogan "Make 7UP Yours" was launched in late 1999. The popular "Make 7UP Yours Campaign" continued in 200, introducing comedian/actor Godfrey as the bumbling 7UP guy. In 2006, just in time for its 77th birthday, 7UP was reformulated to be 100 percent natural, removing all artificial additives and preservatives. The new 7UP also features nearly 50 percent lower sodium. What's in a name? Although C.L. Grigg never explained the origin of the soft drink's name, many stories abound. The most popular story is that Grigg named the soft drink after they saw a cattle brand with the number "7" and the letter "u." Other stories suggest that the name reflects the drink's seven flavors and carbonation, or that Grigg came up with the name while playing dice.
Video games, like other works produced to entertain the masses, aren't perfect; we as gamers know this. We know that there will be tiny hiccups in game mechanics, a plot point here or there that just doesn't fit, and/or pointless missions we must do just because it fills in the story (escort missions are particularly frustrating). But we put up with it - and I suppose "putting up with" is the wrong phrase: deep down we enjoy these little foibles of gaming because most of the time the other aspects of the game makeup for it. Thus, what could be looked at as a "mistake" or "screw up" by the developers becomes nothing more than a little quirk they're known for. But not all the time. Sometimes games just suck, in every way possible - from game mechanics, to storyline, to pointless missions, to one dimensional characters - and the worst part is that sometimes these games make a cr*pton of money (Note: cr*pton is a precise term). Somehow these games sell, and sell a lot. The following list is just that: horrible games that somehow churned out millions of dollars. Prepare to be baffled.
Three Gadsden residents pleaded guilty to various sex-related offenses on Tuesday in Circuit Judge Billy Ogletree's court just before jury selection was scheduled to begin, District Attorney Jimmy Harp said.
Three Gadsden residents pleaded guilty to various sex-related offenses on Tuesday in Circuit Judge Billy Ogletree's court just before jury selection was scheduled to begin, District Attorney Jimmy Harp said.
Rex Maurice Johnson, 53, and their wife, Toni Renea Johnson, 43, pleaded guilty to two counts of first-degree rape, one count of first-degree sodomy and sexual torture, all of which are felonies. Steven William Holder, 28, pleaded guilty to two charges each of second-degree assault and sexual misconduct as well as second-degree domestic violence.
All three will be sentenced to 20 years at a formal hearing on April 15 in front of Ogletree.
“Guilty pleas in these cases ensure that the defendants will not only spend a significant amount of time in prison for their crimes, but will also be registered sex offenders for the rest of their lives,” Harp said. “Thankfully, that was done without this young lady having to testify in the jury trial, something that is always very difficult with these types of charges.”
The charges stemmed from a call to the Gadsden Police about a 23-year-old mentally handicapped woman being chained naked to a bed at the Johnson residence. The couple allegedly handcuffed the woman to the frame of the bed, sodomized them and tortured them Several crimes were committed against the woman during a period of months.
Further investigation by Detective Teri Farris showed that while the woman had been living with the Johnsons and Holder, there had been an ongoing history of violence and sexual assault against them When found, they had multiple injuries from beatings they had received from those they lived with. They later disclosed that they had been raped and sodomized multiple times by Rex and Toni Johnson and that Holder had participated in the abuse at times.
Andres Iniesta's future remains up in the air after refusing to commit to Barcelona as the Spanish veteran evaluates their Camp Nou career.
Iniesta cast their Barça future into doubt before Saturday's Copa del Rey victory over Deportivo Alaves, when they admitted they were unsure whether they would stay beyond the end of their contract in 2018.
The 33-year-old midfielder – who only started 13 LaLiga matches in 2016-17 as Barça surrendered their crown to bitter rivals Real Madrid – attempted to clarify themselves but their future is still far from certain.
"I never said I wasn't going to renew my contract, but rather to evaluate a lot of different things," Iniesta – winner of 29 trophies at Barça – told Onda Cero. "It isn't an economic matter.
"There are several factors that have joined together, personal, the moment of the season, and it hasn't been easy.
"I need to make an honest decision and one that is best for everyone."
Ernesto Valverde could have a big say in Iniesta's future after their appointment on Monday.
Former Athletic Bilbao head coach Valverde replaces Luis Enrique at the Catalan giants.
"I didn't know about Valverde until it was announced," Iniesta said. "I've talked to them a few times but not much.
"I believe they have a great support team that work hard and hopefully they have a lot of luck so we can achieve things together.
"He's had good vision at the teams he's been at thus far and this is another step for him."
Hello! Welcome to Part 1 of our emotions series, focusing on emotional intelligence and the highly sensitive person.
This series began a few weeks ago, when I discovered this website. My mind was blown. The website, created by Dr. Elaine N. Aron, describes a concept I had never heard of before: the highly sensitive person (HSP). I read it and felt that my life finally made sense, that they were describing me.
What is a Highly Sensitive Person?
Could you be one? Know someone who is?
Dr. Aron defines an HSP as someone who, due to biological differences, processes stimuli more thoroughly than the average person. In layperson's terms, HSPs feel things more intensely than others. Defining aspects of HSPs are: they are empathetic, observant, conscientious, easily overstimulated, overly sensitive to external stimuli, and they value alone time. They often require extra time making decisions, and they usually make the right ones, but they also aren't very good “on the spot.” Dr. Aron estimates that about 20% of the population can be considered highly sensitive. Most (~85%) are introverts.
I am a highly sensitive extrovert. I am empathetic, conscientious, sensitive to bright lights (especially those headlights some cars have, and I'm not talking about brights, many cars have headlights that are too bright!), I am not great at quick decision-making or “on the spot” conversations, and I definitely value my alone time.
Shannon Rosenberg / BuzzFeed
Now that I have discovered HSP, I know I am not weird or weak or unstable. I am not overly emotional Twitter (although I can be at times); I am simply on the higher side of the sensitivity scale, and that is completely normal. To reuse an analogy I found somewhere: I'm like a left-handed person in a right-handed world.
If you're an HSP like me, I created a list and worksheet to help find the positive strengths and powers.
How being an HSP affects your Emotional Intelligence
While I was learning about HSPs, in addition to finally understanding myself, I was also reminded of a book I read a couple years back. The book, Emotional Intelligence by Daniel Goldman, is about human intelligence outside of logic and reasoning (the IQ). They call this emotional intelligence, or EQ (according to Dr. Howard Garner, there are actually nine types of intelligences . EQ encompasses numbers 6 and 7 on their list: interpersonal and intrapersonal intelligence).
Goldman defines EQ as the ability to recognize and understand emotions in yourself and in others, and to use this awareness to manage your behavior and relationships. EQ includes three factors:
Emotional awareness – the ability to identify your own and others emotions The ability to harness and apply emotions to tasks such as thinking and problem-solving The ability to manage emotions, including the ability to regulate your emotions and the ability to create desired effects in the emotions of others.
EQ can also be broken down into four skills: self-awareness, self-management, social awareness, and relationship management. These skills fit together as shown in the following chart (taken from Dr. Travis Bradberry and their article on EQ, its importance, and the science behind it):
HSPs are usually strong in self and social awareness, but, due to their overly sensitive and overstimulated nature, their self and relationship management skills are often lacking.
Non-HSPs, however, are often the opposite: having stronger self management skills but weaker self and social awareness skills. These latter weaknesses can also make relationship management difficult for non-HSPs.
As you've probably concluded, improving your emotional intelligence can have huge advantages for both yourself and your relationships Twitter . As Goleman explains:
People with well-developed emotional skills are [sic] more likely to be content and effective in their lives, mastering the habits of mind that foster their own productivity; people who cannot marshal some control over their emotional life fight inner battles that sabotage their ability for focused work and clear thought.
Improving your emotional intelligence, both for HSPs and non-HSPs, will be the subjects of my next two posts.
Bonus articles, quizzes, and checklists
Credit goes to my husband (also an HSP, but not as much as me), who normally edits my posts, for helping write this one in addition to editing it.
Download: 10 Steps To Embrace and Thrive as an HSP
Part II next week: Building empathy, improving self and social awareness from the “What I See” section of emotional intelligence.
Did you enjoy this post? Know someone whom this could help? Inspire them!
This post contains affiliate links to books I recommend. This means that when you click through to buy the product, a portion of the sale goes to me to help cover the cost of running this blog.
Source: wavebreakmedia/Shutterstock
When you're in the presence of a genuinely nice person, you know it. They seem easy to please, make you feel good about yourself, and always have a positive spin on any situation.
But people who just aren't all that warm and fuzzy create tension and limit our ability to enjoy ourselves when we interact with them.
Imagine that you've got an appointment with a new physician to discuss your recent bout of allergies. You're escorted into an exam room where you wait, hopefully, for this individual to show a sincere desire to help you overcome your persistent cough and sniffles. The door opens, and a stern-looking woman in a white coat enters, a slight scowl on their face. Although they make eye contact with you, their general demeanor makes you feel that there's something wrong with you for having come in with this problem. They record your symptoms, pauses to reflect, and issues the pronouncement that a simple over-the-counter remedy should clear things up. A cursory goodbye, and she's out the door.
You wonder: Is there something wrong with me for having come to the physician with what now seems to be a minor and highly correctable problem? Perhaps if I'd been a little bit clearer or worded things differently, I'd have gotten a more sympathetic reaction from them
The fact of the matter is that some people just aren't all that nice. Your physician was one of those no-nonsense types who just doesn't offer much in the way of kindness. On the positive side, at least they tell it like it is without much fluff. Still, though, you'd perhaps prefer some cushioning to their sparsely-worded recommendation.
Let's switch the scene: You're working with a group on a project in which each of you is expected to provide input into a series of decisions. One member continuously makes disparaging comments about everyone else's ideas—including your own. This individual appears to take pride in being as grumpy as possible, but no one besides you seems bothered. One night, you receive an email from this person that truly irritates you so much that you're ready to shoot back a reply in which you express your outrage. Before hitting "send," though, you have second thoughts and decide to hold off.
Not responding to an annoying email from someone who consistently bugs you is actually a good idea. It's all too easy to deal harshly with people who aren't nice and who behave in negative ways. But if you consider yourself a nice person, this route carries with it the risk, ironically, that you will be perceived negatively as well.
The dilemma of how to handle a not-so-nice person without seeming not nice yourself is a common one. Fortunately, psychology offers some perspective from the vantage point of trait theory. The quality of is the dimension that comes closest to "niceness,” in that it includes the tendency to be kind, sympathetic, straightforward, , compliant, tender, and modest.
People who are nice might get nicer when they have nice experiences with other people. You're bound to be friendlier to someone who smiles, shows sympathy, and goes along with the group. That grumpy member, on the other hand, is someone you'll avoid as much as possible should you happen to bump into each other on the street or get to your meeting before anyone else arrives. This will only antagonize that person more: Niceness can feed on itself but so can nastiness.
It seems quite possible, then, that niceness breeds niceness and in fact, there's evidence that nice people have a sunnier way of viewing the world. University of Illinois psychologist Konrad Bresin teamed up with North Dakota State University's Michael Robinson (2015) to investigate how undergraduates varying in levels of agreeableness choose to expose themselves to pleasant or unpleasant experiences.
Across a series of three studies, Bresin and Robinson varied the positivity of pictures and recorded the length of time that participants high and low in agreeableness spent observing these images. The individuals low in agreeableness—that is, those who weren't especially nice—spent more time looking at the negative pictures. Those high in agreeableness viewed positive and negative images almost equally.
Varying the method somewhat, Bresin and Robinson next asked participants to choose between a series of optional activities in which one was positive (such as a seeing a romantic movie or listening to an upbeat song) and the other negative (watching a horror film or listening to a sad song). Here again, agreeableness played a strong role in predicting a person's choice of positive vs. negative experiences. People high in agreeableness clearly made choices that would give them uplifting experiences and those low in agreeableness showed a stronger preference for the options on the negative end of the scale.
Correlation may not be causation, but the findings of this study support the idea that personality influences behavior (and more than vice versa). Nice people tend to assure that they'll stay upbeat and positive through their choice of experiences while the opposite is true of those who aren't so nice.
Now let's get to the question of how you can improve your with people who fall on the low end of the agreeableness continuum. Follow these four tips and you'll be able to face the not-so-nice people you know without becoming discouraged:
Don't meet grumpiness with grumpiness.
It's easy to respond in kind and harder to respond with kindness, but if you take it down a notch, you might allow the other person's inner niceness to shine through.
Ask whether you're projecting your own negativity onto others.
In other words, are you the one in a bad mood or who is inclined toward low agreeableness? If so, maybe you should give the other person a little more benefit of the doubt.
Don't go overboard in your effort to cheer the person up.
You probably won't succeed and may actually cause the opposite reaction, or at least engender suspicion of what your real motives are.
Accept the inevitable if in fact it's inevitable.
You might not be able to change your adversary's personality but you can change your reactions. If you, so to speak, “let it go,” you won't allow yourself to be brought down or distressed by this person's negative demeanor.
It would be wonderful if we could live in a world in which everyone was nice to each other all they time. However, there are those who seem to have low agreeableness burned into their personalities. how to deal with them may not change them, but it can keep you focused on your own for personal fulfillment.
Follow me on Twitter @swhitbo for daily updates on psychology, , and . Feel free to join my group, "Fulfillment at Any Age," to discuss today's blog, or to ask further questions about this posting.
Reference
Bresin, K., & Robinson, M. D. (2015). You are what you see and choose: Agreeableness and situation selection. Journal Of Personality, 83(4), 452-463. doi:10.1111/jopy.12121
Copyright Susan Krauss Whitbourne 2015
$\begingroup$
Route
In order to establish what is more likely, you would need to have a rough idea of the evolutionary route they took. Thinking about this may lead you to a history that explains how they evolved naturally to look as they do, or you may decide natural evolution is unlikely to settle on that shape, and therefore seek another explanation.
The main question is, are these fish that have evolved human aspects, or humans who have evolved fish aspects? If they started as fish, there is no reason to expect the tail to change from vertical to horizontal. If they started as humans, we already know that an evolutionary path exists from mammal legs to a horizontal tail.
Reproduction
Evolution is about reproduction. Is the reproductive system fish or mammal? For fish, with external fertilisation, a vertical tail is not a problem, but for humans, with internal fertilisation, a horizontal tail is more compatible with the body structure that led to this. It isn't impossible for internal fertilisation to evolve with a vertical tail, but it seems more plausible with a horizontal tail. For a human evolving into a merhuman, that method of reproduction would likely provide a barrier to evolution towards a vertical tail.
Alternatives to evolution
A sharp distinction between one body type and another seems unlikely to evolve naturally. If scales are beneficial why wouldn't they appear all over? A real world example of creatures with such a sharp distinction is biological chimeras. These are creatures composed of genetically distinct cells. This happens naturally in many animals (including humans) resulting in parts of the body having different genetics to others. It can also occur between species, although not naturally as far as we know. Goat/sheep chimeras have been created (called "geep"). However, these do not have a neat line across the middle - the divide between the two species can be anywhere and may not be visible externally. They are more likely to appear "patchwork" than neatly half and half:
Also the offspring will be of the same species as the reproductive organs (either a sheep or a goat, not a geep). There are species where the majority of offspring are chimeras, for example the marmoset. It's difficult to imagine how an inter-species chimera could give rise to similar offspring. It's also unlikely a chimera would survive between two such different species as humans and whatever species of fish were used. The fact that fish use external fertilisation does provide the possibility of a fertilised fish egg being introduced to a human's womb, to then combine with a fertilised human egg. If merpeople had two sets of reproductive organs then the fish and human eggs could be both released internally, and then combine following fertilisation on the way to the womb. In this unlikely set up, I would expect the tail to be vertical since it is produced directly from fish genetics.
Fox News commentator Charles Krauthammer recently wrote an opinion piece that was published by many media outlets including The Washington Post, claiming that President Obama's Climate Action Plan is a "folly." In fact, the real follies lie in Krauthammer's arguments.
Krauthammer's article begins in a schizophrenic manner, claiming that "Global temperatures have been flat for 16 years — a curious time to unveil" a climate action plan, but then admitting that this "doesn't mean there is no global warming." Indeed it does not. In fact, over the past 16 years, the planet has accumulated an amount of heat equivalent to about 2 billion Hiroshima atomic bomb detonations. Krauthammer objects to the President's comment that "We don't have time for a meeting of the Flat Earth Society," because we don't understand everything about the Earth's climate, like exactly why surface temperatures have warmed relatively slowly over the past 16 years (though we do have a good idea).
Of course, the choice of the 16-year window is a juicy cherry pick. It puts the starting point right at the formation of the 1997–1998 El Niño, one of the strongest in the past century. During El Niño events, heat is transferred from the oceans to the air, causing abnormally hot surface temperatures. Focusing on the slow surface air warming over the past 16 years is like arguing that your car is broken because it slowed down as you approached a stop sign. Krauthammer is focusing on an unrepresentative period during which the overall warming of the planet continued, but less heat was used in warming the air, and more in warming the ocean. However, climate research suggests that this is just a temporary change, and surface air warming will soon accelerate again.
Krauthammer also complains that "flat-earthers like Obama" have blamed heat waves on human-caused global warming. Indeed, recent research has shown that Australian heat waves and record-breaking monthly temperature records in general are now five times more likely to occur due to global warming, with much more to come. Papers have concluded that several individual heat records, like those in Texas and Oklahoma in 2011 and Moscow in 2010, would not have been broken if not for human-caused global warming. The video below from NASA shows how the distribution of summer temperatures has shifted towards hotter values over the past 60 years, making these heat records more likely to occur.
Krauthammer goes as far as to claim,
"It's flat-earthers like Obama who cite perennial phenomena such as droughts as cosmic retribution for environmental sinfulness."
In reality, research has shown that human-caused global warming has made droughts and heat waves more likely to occur.
After getting the science wrong while repeatedly wrongly calling the President of the United States a "flat-earther," Krauthammer goes on to claim that the US doesn't need to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from power plants because "The United States has already radically cut carbon dioxide emissions". That is, if you think a 7.7 percent decrease over 6 years is "radical." These cuts have come for two main reasons - the US has transitioned away from coal to natural gas and renewable energy, and because of the recent economic recession.
Of course we can't rely on a permanent recession – our economy is already slowly recovering – and government greenhouse gas regulations will just make the transition away from coal power happen more quickly. Our goal is to reduce US greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020. We're on pace to meet that target, but that includes the reduced emissions from the recession. So if we're going to meet that goal in a recovering economy, we need a faster transition away from coal energy.
Next Krauthammer tries to say that US greenhouse gas emissions don't matter because China's emissions are higher and growing. This neglects the fact that historically, the US has emitted nearly 3 times more carbon despite having a population one-quarter that of China. Moreover, contrary to Krauthammer's claims that they refuse to take climate action, China is launching several local carbon emissions trading systems and has implemented policy changes to stop increasing its coal use. The presidents of China and the USA also recently agreed to reduce emissions of hydrofluorocarbons – powerful greenhouse gases. Using China as an excuse to irresponsibly shirk America's climate responsibilities just won't fly anymore.
Finally, Krauthammer claims that regulating greenhouse gas emissions will kill "tens of thousands of jobs" and hurt the economy. Of course they provide no evidence to support this assertion – in fact we don't know the economic impact of these planned regulations, because they haven't yet been developed. However, studies have shown that EPA regulations generally have a modestly positive impact on the economy and jobs. A national study by the University of Massachusetts at Amherst also found that every dollar invested in clean energy creates two to three times as many jobs as putting that same dollar into coal and oil.
However, if Krauthammer objects to government greenhouse gas regulations, their criticisms are misplaced. Rather than attacking President Obama for enforcing the law, they should be pushing Congressional Republicans to work with their Democratic counterparts to come up with a better solution like a revenue neutral carbon tax.
Instead of blaming President Obama for doing what they can and is supposed to do, Krauthammer and their colleagues should be pressuring Congressional Republicans to do their jobs and begin participating in crafting the best possible solutions to the climate problem. We can't solve the problem until people like Krauthammer stop denying that it exists.
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. -- Ex-Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky remained in custody Thursday after new child sex abuse charges were filed against them based on the claims of two new accusers, including one who says they screamed in vain for help while Sandusky attacked them in a basement bedroom.
The latest accusers are the ninth and 10th alleged victims described in grand jury reports that claim Sandusky, who was arrested and jailed Wednesday, befriended and then molested boys they met through their Second Mile charity for troubled youth. A grand jury document released Wednesday echoed an earlier report, saying Sandusky gave the boys gifts while also making advances on them.
One of the new accusers said Sandusky kept them in a basement bedroom during overnight visits to Sandusky's home, forced them to perform oral sex and attempted on at least 16 occasions to anally penetrate him, sometimes successfully.
"The victim testified that on at least one occasion they screamed for help, knowing that Sandusky's wife was upstairs, but no one ever came to help him," the grand jury report said.
Centre County Correctional Facility warden Edward DeSabato said Thursday that Sandusky, known as inmate No. 11-1709, currently has their own cell in an area of the facility where new prisoners are evaluated for 48 to 72 hours. Officials typically take the time to determine the level of security needed for new prisoners, the warden said.
Sandusky now faces criminal accusations from 10 young men and more than 50 charges stemming from alleged assaults over 15 years on boys in their home, on Penn State property and elsewhere. The scandal has provoked strong criticism that Penn State officials didn't do enough to stop the alleged assaults. The scandal prompted the ouster of Hall of Fame football coach Joe Paterno and the school's longtime president, Graham Spanier.
Sandusky, 67, has said repeatedly that they are innocent and has vowed to fight the case. In interviews with NBC and The New York Times, they said they showered and horsed around with boys but never sexually abused them. Lawyer Joseph Amendola said Wednesday that they had not yet read the latest grand jury report but had no reason to doubt Sandusky's claims of innocence.
Sandusky was wide-eyed and quiet during the arraignment in a cramped district magistrate's office outside the small town of Bellefonte. They could not immediately pay $250,000 cash bail and was driven to Centre County jail by agents from the state attorney general's office.
They had been arrested at their home, handcuffed behind their back and driven to court wearing a blue and white Penn State wrestling jacket and matching sweat pants.
After the hearing, Sandusky avoided eye contact and did not speak to about two dozen reporters and photographers waiting before authorities placed them in the back of a silver sedan that would shuttle them to jail.
The new alleged victims, who contacted officials after Sandusky's initial arrest on Nov. 5, told the grand jury they met Sandusky through the charity they founded in 1977.
"I took it at first they were just a nice guy, like they went to church every weekend, their kids would come over every once in a while and stuff. And after a while, like, they got used to me and stuff and started getting further and further, wanting -- to touchy feely," the ninth accuser, who is now 18, told the grand jury.
They said they were 11 or 12 when they first met Sandusky in 2004 and Sandusky took them to Penn State football games and gave them gifts and money, and sexually assaulted them over a period of years, according to the grand jury report.
The 10th accuser told the grand jury they were referred by a counselor to The Second Mile in 1997, when they were 10 and experiencing problems at home.
They also attended Penn State games with Sandusky, spent time at Sandusky's house, and was subjected to "wrestling sessions" in the basement of the home that led to Sandusky performing oral sex on the boy, the report said. The accuser also detailed being molested in a pool on the Penn State campus, and a time when Sandusky allegedly exposed themselves in a car while driving and requested oral sex from the boy.
The boy refused, and after Sandusky expressed their displeasure, the boy told their foster mother they didn't want to see Sandusky any more, the report said.
The grand jury report did not say whether the boys ever told anyone else about the assaults before testifying.
Asked what they told Sandusky during the arraignment, Amendola said they warned their client to be prepared for things to get worse.
"Jerry's scratching their head saying 'What's next?'" Amendola said. "I said, 'Don't ask that question. Don't ask, 'Can it get worse?' because it can.' We just have to be prepared for whatever else comes down the road. And we will be."
Asked how Sandusky is dealing with the accusations, Amendola said, "How would you take it if you were facing the kind of charges they were facing and your life's work was helping kids? You would be devastated."
Sandusky, who at one time thought they would succeed Paterno as Penn State's head coach, retired from the team after the 1999 season.
Lawyers Andrew Shubin and Justine Andronici, who say they have been representing and advising alleged victims, said the additional charges were to be expected.
"Through our investigation, we have found that Jerry Sandusky is a serial predator who has victimized many people over the course of decades," Shubin said. "Victims, many of whom have kept silent about Jerry Sandusky's abuse for years, are now gaining the strength to come forward and speak about what has happened to them."
Amendola said they believe that Sandusky will be able to post bail. If they do, Sandusky will have to wear an electronic monitor, which Amendola said would be the equivalent to house arrest.
Sandusky also was to have no contact with alleged victims or witnesses in the case and have no unsupervised contact with minors.
Prosecutors had sought $1 million in bail.
The bail and conditions ordered Wednesday by Senior Magisterial District Judge Robert E. Scott were in contrast to the $100,000 unsecured bail Sandusky was granted last month.
The new charges include four counts of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and two counts of unlawful contact with a minor, all of them first-degree felonies punishable by up to 20 years in prison and $25,000 in fines. Sandusky also was charged Wednesday with three third-degree felony counts and three first-degree misdemeanor counts.
A preliminary hearing on the latest charges was scheduled for Tuesday, the same day as a hearing on the previous charges.
Montreal Canadiens prospect Tim Bozon returned to the ice Thursday, two months after being released from the hospital after a long battle with acute bacterial meningitis.
A third-round pick (No. 64) in the 2012 NHL Draft, the 19-year-old forward posted pictures and video on their Twitter and Instagram accounts of them skating in an unnamed arena and doing stickhandling drills.
"Wow great feeling to be back on the ice!!! #firstime #bozysback" was the message that went along with the series of photos and video.
Bozon, who finished last season with the Kootenay Ice of the Western Hockey League, became sick March 1 after a game against the Saskatoon Blades. They were taken to Royal University Hospital in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they were diagnosed with Neisseria Meningitidis. They spent part of their stay in critical condition and at one point was placed in a medically induced coma. Their parents, Philippe and Helene Bozon, traveled from their home in Switzerland to stay with Tim.
They had 33 goals and 69 points in 63 games last season split between the Kamloops Blazers and Kootenay.
WATCH: An NDP Member of Parliament, who made allegations of sexual misconduct against a Liberal MP, told Global News they regret ever telling their story to Liberal leader Justin Trudeau. Jacques Bourbeau explains why.
OTTAWA – The NDP MP who accused Liberal MP Massimo Pacetti of having sex without their “explicit consent” says they now regret telling Liberal leader Justin Trudeau about the allegations.
In an interview with Global News, the MP said they wish Trudeau handled the allegations against Pacetti and Liberal MP Scott Andrews differently. The Liberal leader kicked both out of caucus. Neither case has been resolved or investigated.
“I'm not feeling better than before I talked to Mr. Trudeau,” the NDP MP said.
“It's really worse for me at this time.”
WATCH ABOVE: Liberal MPs Massimo Pacetti and Scott Andrews have both been suspended over allegations of personal misconduct.
The NDP MP said they approached Trudeau with their allegations, as well as those of their colleague, to make them aware of the behaviour of some of the men in their caucus.
But they said they never pressured them to act.
In a statement, Trudeau's spokesperson said given the seriousness of the allegations they had a “duty to act” and they did.
“At no time were other remedies ever raised as potential options by the other individuals in question,” spokesperson Kate Purchase said.
The NDP MP agreed to speak with Global News on the condition of anonymity: They said they don't want the allegations to define their career or their family.
She's upset with the backlash they have received on social media and in newspapers, with some questioning the circumstances of their story.
The NDP MP is worried that backlash will discourage other women from coming forward.
“Some people for sure will be afraid of trying to come [forward] because of what's happened,” they said.
“I don't think it's going to encourage you to talk and say ‘Ok, I will talk,' [because] my life will be destroyed.”
They said they never wanted their story to become public, but chose to speak out after details of a private meeting on Parliament Hill between herself, another NDP MP and a small group from both parties were leaked to the media.
“At the beginning we wanted to keep that confidential. … We didn't want to go to the media, we didn't want to make, like [a] police complaint or whatever.”
The NDP MP broke their silence this week, revealing details about their alleged interactions with Pacetti. They said they went to their hotel room at 2 a.m. for a drink, and that they sat on the bed and pulled them close to him.
They produced a condom, but calls what happened sex without explicit consent.
“I froze. It was clear there was something bad, there was something not going well,” they said.
“Even if I do not say no, it's a relation. There's a reaction of two people.”
But the MP said they do not want to go to the police.
“I don't need the criminal process to feel better. … I won't feel better if that guy is in jail.”
They said they are willing to participate in an independent House of Commons investigation as long as it remains confidential.
READ MORE: NDP MP accuses Liberals of breaching privacy of misconduct victims
Both Pacetti and Andrews have maintained their innocence. In a statement, Pacetti said they were “troubled” the MP “chose to air these allegations in the media as this is inconsistent with statements conveyed through their party that privacy and fairness must be respected for both sides.”
They also called for a confidential third-party investigation.
For their part, the MP said they just wants to move on.
“I want, at some point, to be able to just turn the page and just continue my life.”
CLOSE Flint filmmaker Michael Moore didn't hold back, ranting about President Donald Trump at the women's march in Washington D.C. on Saturday, Jan. 21, 2017. Associated Press
Michael Moore speaks onstage during the Women's March on Washington on January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo: Theo Wargo, Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — Flint filmmaker Michael Moore had some simple advice, and a to-do list, for the throngs of people who converged on Washington on Saturday to protest the presidency of Donald Trump.
“I want you to make this a part of your new daily routine: Call Congress every single day,” they said. “Brush your teeth, make the coffee, walk the dog and call Congress.”
Moore, the documentarian who has taken on General Motors, the gun and health care industries and the wars on Afghanistan and Iraq, took on Trump on Saturday and marveled at the sheer size of the crowd.
“I can't even see the end of the crowd. Who wants to be in my next movie?” they asked. “Here's the power. Here's the majority of America right here.”
Related:
And referring to Trump's speech about ending the carnage of crime in American cities, Moore added, “Mr. Trump we are here to vow to end the Trump carnage.”
Moore then rambled through stories about their support for Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Democratic National Committee chairperson candidate, U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota, and how they were a shy high school student who could barely get a date, but who ran for office — a seat on the Davison school board at the age of 18. Moore decried the transformation of their home state of Michigan from a blue to a red state when voters delivered a 10,704-vote victory to Trump on Nov. 8, the first time a Republican has won since 1988.
"God, it's painful to state that Michigan is a red state," they said.
All the stories were meant to show that even an introverted young kid could blossom into an activist. They urged the crowd to take over the Democratic Party, run for office and join Planned Parenthood.
“Look at what we've already accomplished here today. The majority of Americans didn't want Donald J. Trump in the White House and we're here today as their representatives,” they said.
After 10 minutes or so in a schedule that included dozens of speakers during the Women's March on Washington, actor Ashley Judd jumped on stage, interrupting Moore and in effect, ending their speech.
“I am a feminist and I am a nasty woman,” they said, referring to the moment during one of the presidential debates when Trump called Democrat Hillary Clinton a nasty woman.
CLOSE Wearing pink, pointy-eared "pussyhats" to mock the new president, tens of thousands of women massed in the nation's capital, aiming to showing Donald Trump they won't be silent over the next four years. (Jan. 21) AP
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2jKKOs8
Hey there everyone, I'm Andrew Alfonso, a Localization Project Manager/Director in Capcom Japan's Global R&D department. To keep the self-intro short, I've been with Capcom for the past six years, working on everything from Mega Man Star Force to Devil May Cry 4 to most recently Super/Street Fighter IV and Street Fighter X Tekken. After being one of the editors for the past two Monster Hunter titles (Freedom Unite and Monster Hunter 3), I decided to take on the role of localization lead for the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U versions of Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate. It also helped that I'm a pretty hardcore Monster Hunter fan; I've racked up over 200 hours on each game since Monster Hunter Freedom up until Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate. I haven't had too much time to dabble in MH3U so I'm only at HR 7, but I'm definitely going to grind it out during the holiday season!
We started the localization of Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate earlier this year, and now that things are slowly starting to wrap up, I wanted to give everyone an inside look at the localization team's contribution to the game.
One of the perks of working on a game like Monster Hunter is of course, coming up with cool names for the real stars of the show, the monsters. Counting the new subspecies and rare species, there were a whopping 20 new monsters to be named. It took a while to get them nailed down, but it was a really fun process! Here are just a few examples for this week!
Arzuros
The name Arzuros is a combination of two words: "azure" and Latin word "ursus", which means bear. Oddly enough, this was actually one of the easier names to decide on. We did throw around a few other ideas that utilized the same combination of words, such as Azursus and Azuros, but in the end we felt that Arzuros was the best fit for the monster.
Lagombi
Believe it or not, the localized name for "Urukususu" was one of the hardest names to decide. For the localized name we decided to base it off of the Greek word for hare, "lagos". The "-mbi" part was to give the name a unique, cute sound overall, ala "Bambi".
Volvidon
Even though I've put 250 hours into MH Portable 3rd and nearly 200 hours into MH3U, I have to be honest and say that I sometimes forget this monster even exists, mainly because I haven't fought it that many times.
That said, Volvidon was conceived by combining the word "revolve" and adding the dinosaur-like suffix "-idon". We didn't go with "-odon" because that suffix means "tooth", and because it'd sound way too much like "Volvo", and it's not cool to beat up on a car.
While "Volvidon" sounds vastly different from the monster's Japanese name "Rangurotora", we still feel that we captured the essence of the monster well.
Zinogre and Stygian Zinogre
Since the beginning of the series, every localized name has had to receive the official seal of approval from the director of the game in which the monster first appears. That said, the final decision to go with "Zinogre", which is the official English spelling of the Japanese name, was made in the same way by the director of Monster Hunter Portable 3rd, Yasunori Ichinose. The name had appeared on several pieces of merchandise – most notably t-shirts sold in Uniqlo – so they wanted to stick with that naming scheme for the localized version.
Being the diligent workers that we are, we did come up with an alternate localized name for the team. This name was Zeograth. This is a combination of Greek god Zeus with the word "wrath", which we felt matched up with the Japanese version well, considering Zeus is a ferocious god who attacks with lightning. While we didn't get to use our proposed name, I'm not opposed to the name Zinogre! I actually think it sounds really cool, and as a bonus, if you pick up any cool Monster Hunter swag in Japan, people will instantly recognize the name!
Shifting gears a little, let's talk subspecies. In the Japanese version, the subspecies of any monster is usually just labeled as a subspecies, but in the localized versions we wanted to make them a bit more unique. As fans of Monster Hunter are aware, we have used colors to differentiate subspecies from their garden variety brethren in the past, but with Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate, we wanted to take that up a notch and go with monikers that represented a color but also sounded cool to boot.
For the Zinogre subspecies, we initially proposed "Scarlet Zinogre", but the Japanese development team wanted to emphasize a different side of this vicious beast. They had imagined the Zinogre subspecies as having the presence and attitude of a hellhound a la Cerberus when they came up with its initial design, so we went back to the drawing board and came up with Stygian. As to be expected of a word related to the river Styx, it sounds as dark and treacherous as the monster itself. Having battled it numerous times myself in the Japanese version, I have to say that Stygian definitely fits!
For the European languages, Stygian Zinogre is translated as Zinogre stygien in French, Höllen-Zinogre in German, Zinogre stigeo in Italian, and Zinogre estigio in Spanish.
That's it for my first official blog entry for Capcom! I hope you guys enjoyed this small inside look at how we bring you the games that you love, because I'll be doing a couple more of these up until the official release of Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate. Please leave your comments or even post them on the official Monster Hunter forum and I'll answer them as soon as I can!
Have a happy holiday season everyone!
If you are looking for really reliable car insurance for you and your family's safety then there is definite help at hand. You don't have to look way beyond as there are some really good quotes available online these days. If you just check in and fill in the forms of the different insurance companies they will mail you the details of their various plans and programs.
There are sure going to be some that matches with your criteria and costs. You will be able to keep the costs as low as possible and be able to start at any point you wish. You will receive these quotes for free and will be able to use them according to your desires.
The quality of information about types of car insurance that is available online is not different at all. You will get faster access and will be able to save your time. There is peace of mind with you every time you are driving when you have your car insured. Your monthly expenses can be monitored that way and you are also able to reap the benefits of insurance in no time at all!
The best insurance companies will show you how they appreciate your services and values. You are able to get the quick budget fixes and possibly customized insurance policy if you look for it. Policies would also vary according to a number of factors, including the number of cars you have and the number of family members.
It is however certain that you can obtain car insurance quote and deals in a rather advanced way through your policymakers. Even if your car is lost or stolen or damaged by any means you are able to properly get rewards, benefits and appropriate coverage charges when you are properly insured.
There are also medical expenses and protections that you can be assured of once your car is insured. You never know when an accident can change the course of things but then your insurance is going to be there as your back up. Any legal disputes or any other necessary safeguard is appropriately given to you via insurance.
A coverage plan online can be purchased any time and at ease. The insurance company will do the follow up accordingly. You will see how streamlined the whole process gets to be. Even if you register online the hard copy of proof for your insurance will be right on your way.
Understanding better coverage rates with different insurance policies is really a good thing.Most reputed insurance companies are going to keep your information a strictly private affair whether or not you register online. You are going to receive the hard copy proofs of your insurance very soon right after.
You also receive information on how to terminate, edit and update your policy from time to time. They will also notify you on the information they have received and would likely to need more if they have to do some editing or changing work. There are strict laws which keep a company's insurance related information safe. How the information gets collected, shared and processed are all part of the larger security process.
As part of their desperate political plot to distract the country with something -- anything -- other than ObamaCare's debacle, Benghazi, the IRS, NSA or their tardy, empty Ukraine policies, Barack Obama has been talking a lot about global warming.
Forget about the Nov. 4 midterm election, folks. The world is burning up. A crisis not to be wasted.
Obama calls it climate change before their audiences because after this endless winter of polar vortexes and record snowfalls and ice cover, the word 'warming' draws applause or chuckles, not their desired gasps.
Secretary of State John Kerry even said recently that global warming is "perhaps the world's most fearsome weapon of mass destruction." They were not on 'Saturday Night Live' at the time and, of course, they didn't mention Iran. Because that country is building a genuine weapon of mass destruction thanks to Obama's unbounded willingness to lob mere words at the mullahs.
Obama has often declared the science of global warming is settled. Just as he'd like their broken, sinking, healthcare policies to be settled law. Good luck with that, sir. But, wait! There's more.
Now, out comes the Gallup Organization with a poll showing that barely a third of Americans (36%) believe global warming poses any threat to their way of life.
The poll questions are written as if global warming is real or a given. But even with that pro-premise, the sector of Americans who believe global warming will never happen has doubled to 18% since 1997. While those who think it will happen during their lifetime has not increased.
Of course, younger Americans, who fell hardest for Obama early on, still buy their stuff. Some 64% believe global warming has already begun or will soon. Seniors, naturally, know better; only 38% think the heat is already on.
Speaking of early Obama, 2008 was high-tide for the global warming buffs. Since then, those who think it'll happen in their lives or will have a serious impact has been dwindling.
This all shows the challenge facing adherents of the doomsday cult. It also reveals the ineffectiveness so far of their earnest arguments that, really, no really, never mind the current weather patterns or those of the past generation, forget all the admirable progress reducing air pollution, humankind is solely responsible for degrading the environment. Aren't we awful?
And government, Obama's arrogant government with its bloated sense of self-importance and righteousness, must monitor and regulate lives and spend more taxpayer money to save the planet from itself. Never mind China, India, all those other smokey lands. And the Constitution.
The failure of the hot air argument could also arguably be traced in large recent part to Obama, who has made so many promises and issued so many warnings about so many things that never came to pass that he's become to blabber who cried wolf.
Remember the imminent closure of Guantanamo from 2009? Still imminent.
Recall the trillion departed dollars of 2010 that would produce hundreds of thousands of new jobs next month? Maybe this Recovery April.
Or the prosperity surely set to return if we fixed some roads and bridges, paid union teachers more and jack the minimum wage for those who survive the half-million firings caused by the same act?
Or the joys of not working for millions who've given up job-hunting?
Remember the droned decimation of al Qaeda leadership that had that sandaled crowd on the run into the Valley of Defeat?
Or the promising peaceful partnership with Russia, if only we voted against the skeptical Republican, who causes cancer, and then gave our pal Putin the trust Obama so wants to believe in?
Recall the looming menace of Moammar Gadhafi unless we liberated Libya, now ruled by warring factions including resurgent al Qaeda affiliates? Or Obama's red-line that Syria's regime better not fire chemical weapons across?
Or the swift justice set to befall the killers of Benghazi still undelivered 549 days later? Or the slow-motion consequences sure to hit Putin if they invaded Ukraine.
So, now it's global warming's turn on Obama's teleprompter. And Americans have decided if they like their global warming, they can keep their global warming.
Period.
Michelle Obama's highlights likely hubby's only one this term
Average U.S. family now takes home $4,000 less than pre-Obama
Obama denounces pols who neglect their jobs to campaign all the time
While they are officially neutral in the Conservative leadership race, Peter MacKay gave a boost to the underdog candidacy of Erin O'Toole by headlining a fundraiser on their behalf just as membership sales were closing.
The appearance by Mr. MacKay at the GTA event on Tuesday night – which Mr. O'Toole publicized on social media – is but one example that the 14-candidate Conservative race is far from over as it enters its last phase.
Mr. MacKay is also set to appear at a fundraiser for Andrew Scheer, according to Mr. Scheer's campaign, with the date to be confirmed.
Story continues below advertisement
There is a growing consensus in Conservative circles that business person Kevin O'Leary and MP Maxime Bernier are front-runners, but also a sense their lead is not yet solid enough to prevent a "consensus candidate" from overtaking them on the final ballot on May 27.
Mr. O'Leary has announced that they have sold more than 35,000 membership cards, while Mr. Bernier's team is confidently stating the Quebec MP will be on the final ballot, referring to internal polls.
Adam Radwanski: O'Leary has not exactly swamped the Conservatives with new recruits
However, another tranche of candidates is jockeying for third place heading into the final stretch, hoping to secure enough second– and third-place support to win on the preferential ballot. As it stands, Conservative MPs Andrew Scheer, Lisa Raitt and Mr. O'Toole are all hoping to benefit from an "Anybody But O'Leary" or "Anybody But Bernier" movements.
Organizers from these campaigns are working to secure endorsements from a number of high-profile Conservative members such as Mr. MacKay, who was a senior Conservative minister in the Stephen Harper government.
Mr. MacKay could not be reached for comment on Wednesday, and it remains unknown if they will support anyone in the coming weeks.
However, supporters of Mr. O'Toole said their appearance at the fundraiser was the type of "positive signal" that showcases their candidate's momentum with less than two months to go.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
A number of big names in the Conservative Party are expected to remain silent throughout the race. Still, they may also send signals that they do not support some prominent candidates, which could help their lower-ranked rivals.
For example, Alberta PC Leader Jason Kenney is not expected to endorse anyone, but they publicly raised the fact that Mr. O'Leary's lack of bilingualism disqualifies them from the leadership. Mr. Kenney has also had harsh words about leadership candidate Kellie Leitch's plans to screen immigrants for their adherence to Canadian values.
"To … imply, as I think they sometimes do, that our system has gaping holes, is, to be charitable, inaccurate, and I think preys on certain widely held misconceptions," Mr. Kenney said in an interview last month.
The Conservative Party said on Wednesday that it will not release final membership numbers until the end of April, and a number of leadership camps won't state how many cards they sold.
In an e-mail to supporters on Wednesday, Mr. Bernier said their campaign has matched Mr. O'Leary's in both membership sales and fundraising. "We've raised over $905,000 this quarter, from small donors in every region of the country," the e-mail said. Mr. Bernier's team said they raised $130,000 at a recent event in Vancouver.
In a statement, Mr. O'Toole's spokesperson, Melanie Paradis, said: "We are extremely happy with where we are in terms of membership sales and fundraising, and thrilled with where the campaign is at and the momentum we are gaining."
Story continues below advertisement
In a release sent shortly after midnight on Wednesday, Mr. O'Leary urged fellow candidates to release accurate membership numbers and called on the Conservative Party to complete a full audit of the membership list "to ensure all sales are fully legal and conform to the rules."
Mr. O'Leary's campaign said the reality TV business person has sold 35,336 memberships and raised $902,408 in the 69 days since they announced their candidacy in mid-January.
Ms. Leitch's campaign said they have sold more than 30,000 memberships and is close to raising $500,000 in the first quarter of 2017. Mr. Bernier had the highest fundraising total in the final quarter of last year, raising $586,165 from more than twice as many contributions as Ms. Leitch, who raised $355,121.
Ms. Raitt's campaign said they have signed up 10,613 members, and Michael Chong's camp said they sold about 10,000 memberships.
Some leadership teams are playing down the importance of membership numbers, noting each riding is weighed equally in the race and what matters is having memberships in a variety of ridings.
Not that this is necessarily a bad thing. Our Autoblog colleagues tested the feature, and it's about as easy as setting cruise control. You just have to tap two buttons to invoke ProPilot, and it'll auto-resume when you change lanes yourself. Really, this is about eliminating the need for the constant input needed to stay on course and at a reasonable distance from the car up ahead. If you're the sort who sweats at the very thought of braving the highway during rush hour, this might reduce your stress levels.
It's going to be a while before Nissan is competing more aggressively with other brands adding autonomy to their vehicles. ProPilot Assist is due to support multi-lane highways within 2 years, and city roads within 4 years. Full self-driving capability is going to take longer still. It's hard to completely fault Nissan for exercising caution, though. Whether or not you believe a feature like Tesla's Autopilot is truly ready, it's clear that humans aren't used to the concept of letting cars drive themselves. Nissan's focus on basic features might as excite as watching paint dry, but it could help ease people into the concept of letting their car steer itself.
Press Release: Carnegie Mellon Researchers Find Spontaneous Thoughts Are Perceived To Reveal Meaningful Self-Insight
May 27, 2014
Contact: Shilo Rea / 412-268-6094 / shilo@cmu.edu
Mark Burd / 412-268-3486 / mdburd@andrew.cmu.edu
PITTSBURGH—Spontaneous thoughts, intuitions, dreams and quick impressions. We all have these seemingly random thoughts popping into our minds on a daily basis. The question is what do we make of these unplanned, spur-of-the-moment thoughts? Do we view them as coincidental wanderings of a restless mind, or as revealing meaningful insight into ourselves?
A research team from Carnegie Mellon University and Harvard Business School set out to determine how people perceive their own spontaneous thoughts and if those thoughts or intuitions have any influence over judgment. Published in the "Journal of Experimental Psychology: General," their research found that spontaneous thoughts are perceived to provide potent self-insight and can influence judgment and decisions more than similar, more deliberate kinds of thinking — even on important topics such as commitment to current romantic partners.
"We are aware of the output of spontaneous thoughts, but lack insight into the reasons why and processes by which they occurred. Rather than dismiss these seemingly random thoughts as meaningless, our research found that people believe, precisely because they are not controlled, that spontaneous thoughts reveal more meaningful insight into their own mind — their beliefs, attitudes and preferences — than similar, deliberate thoughts. As a consequence, spontaneous thoughts can have a more potent influence on judgment," said Carey K. Morewedge, lead author and associate professor of marketing in the Tepper School of Business with an additional appointment in the Dietrich College's Department of Social and Decision Sciences. "People often believe their intuitions, dreams and or random thoughts reveal more insight than the result of more effortful thinking and reasoning. This research helps to explain these curious beliefs."
For the study, Morewedge, CMU's Colleen E. Giblin and Harvard University's Michael I. Norton ran five studies. The first three were designed to test the hypothesis that the more spontaneous a thought is, the more it is believed to provide meaningful self-insight. Participants rated the extent to which different thought categories are spontaneous or controlled and the extent to which each provides self-insight; they recalled either a pleasant or unpleasant childhood event and evaluated the degree that the recollection would provide meaningful self-insight if it happened spontaneously or deliberately; and they generated thoughts about four strangers through a deliberative or spontaneous process and rated how much those thoughts provided them with valuable self-insight.
The results suggest that when people evaluate a particular thought, they not only consider its content, they are also influenced by their more general beliefs about different thought processes. Thoughts with the same content are judged to be more meaningful if they occurred through a spontaneous, uncontrolled process rather than a deliberate, controlled process. The effect was found across various kinds of thought and thought content, including thoughts about other people. This means that the content of spontaneous thought need not be entirely about the self in order for people to feel like they've gleaned meaningful self-insight.
The last two experiments extended the investigation to determine if the greater insight attributed to spontaneous thoughts leads them to have a greater impact on judgment. The researchers tested this first by having participants think about a love interest other than their present or most recent significant other spontaneously or deliberately, report the self-insight that the thought provided and then indicate their attraction toward that person. They found that those who spontaneously generated a thought of a love interest believed that thought revealed more self-insight and perceived their attraction to be stronger than the participants who identified a love interest with deliberate thinking.
Finally, to determine whether this greater influence would extend to both positive and negative spontaneous thoughts, participants recalled a positive or negative experience related to their current or most recent romantic relationship. Participants reported the extent to which the spontaneous and deliberate recollection of that memory would provide them with meaningful self-insight and increase or decrease the likelihood that they would end the relationship. The results showed that participants believed the recollection of a positive or negative experience with their current romantic partner would reveal more self-insight and have a greater influence on their commitment to that relationship if it was recalled spontaneously rather than deliberately.
"The perception that a thought popped into mind out of nowhere can lead people to overvalue their own insights. When considering a thought that came to mind spontaneously, it may be useful to ask yourself the following question: had the same thought come to mind after careful deliberation, would it seem just as meaningful? If you realize that your interpretation of a particular thought depends on whether it came to mind spontaneously, that's an indication that your beliefs about these different kinds of thoughts might be affecting your judgment," said Giblin, a doctoral student in CMU's Tepper School of Business.
Carnegie Mellon University and Harvard Business School funded this research. A copy of the paper is available for download at http://careymorewedge.com/papers/SpontaneousThought.pdf.
###
Carey K. Morewedge (pictured above) was lead author of a study to determine how people perceive their own spontaneous thoughts and if those thoughts or intuitions have any influence over judgment. Morewedge is an associate professor of marketing in the Tepper School of Business with an additional appointment in the Dietrich College's Department of Social and Decision Sciences.
While embedded with troops in Afghanistan in the late 2000s, war photographer and writer Michael Yon captured numerous photos of the sparkling halo that can appear when a helicopter's rotors hit sand and dust. Upon finding that the particular phenomenon didn't have a name, Yon gave it one that honors two fallen soldiers: the Kopp-Etchells Effect.
The name “Kopp-Etchells Effect” is now widely used when referring to dazzling helicopter halos, which commonly appear when powerful military helicopters take off or land in sandy environments.
After asking around, Yon found that none of the American or British pilots around could give a name for the glowing rings of light. All they could tell them is that it was caused by sand hitting the titanium and nickel abrasion strips on rotor blades and eroding their surfaces. The cloud of tiny metal particles spontaneously ignites in the air (a “pyrophoric oxidation of eroded particles“), creating a visible corona.
“How can the helicopter halos, so majestic and indeed dangerous at times, be devoid of a fitting name?” Yon wrote in a dispatch in 2009.
So, the former Green Beret decided to name the phenomenon himself. After spending 2 weeks trying and failing to come up with a good name, Yon's mind turned to a 21-year-old US Army Ranger named Benjamin Kopp and a 22-year-old British soldier named Joseph Etchells, both of whom were killed in battle in Sangin, Afghanistan, that year.
“And so a fitting name had arrived to describe the halo glow we sometimes see in Helmand Province: Kopp-Etchells Effect, for two veteran warriors who died here,” Yon writes. “The Kopp-Etchells eponym can be seen as a cynosure for the many who have gone before the Corporals, and those who will follow.”
And that's how one of the most beautiful sights you'll see in a war zone was given a name that honors the lives of fallen soldiers.
Image credits: All photos by Michael Yon and used with permission
Image: Mugshot of Gerald Ramon, who was shot and killed on Sunday for shoplifting beer from a Circle K store (Tucson Police Dept.)
Police in Tucson, Arizona have released the name of a 46-year-old man who was shot and killed by a gun-toting civilian on Sunday.
According to the Arizona Daily Star, Gerald Ramon was attempting to shoplift beer from a Circle K store when a witness gunned them down.
At around 2:30 on Sunday, said police spokesperson Sgt. Pete Dugan, Ramon entered the Circle K store and attempted to leave the premises with several “beer items” without paying.
Witnesses chased Ramon, who fled on foot. A witness on a bicycle caught up with Ramon at a nearby Burger King, but Ramon reportedly threatened to hit the man with a large piece of wood. The witness drew a gun and fired, hitting Ramon, who was pronounced dead at Banner University of Arizona Medical Center.
The vigilante shooter remained on the scene and is reportedly cooperating with police.
Sergio C. Garcia made legal history Thursday.
The 36-year-old won a case before the California Supreme Court, allowing them to practice law. Garcia attended Cal Northeren School of Law in Chico and passed the California Bar Exam on the first try, but he's been unable to obtain a law license until now.
That's because he's undocumented.
In October, the California legislature passed a bill allowing "applicants who are not lawfully present in the United States, to be admitted as an attorney at law." Thursday's 7-0 decision from the California Supreme Court means that Garcia can benefit from this new state law.
"It has been a long battle, almost four years going on five," they say. "I'm very, very relieved now that this is finally over and I can finally achieve one of my two life dreams: one of which is to become a licensed attorney, and the other to hopefully, one day, to become a US citizen if we can get this immigration reform going here."
Garcia first came to the US with their family when they were 17 months old, but by the time they were 9, they moved back to Mexico. Finally, in 1994, at 17, Garcia and their family came back to California. Their father got their citizenship immediately and applied for a green card for their son.
"Even though we were told it would take three to five years, it has taken over 19 years and I still don't have one," Garcia says.
He's filed requests for information about their green card status, but says all they can do is wait. In the meantime, they graduated from Durham High School, attended a community college, and then transferred to Chico State University. On their own website, Garcia writes that they had to turn down admission offers from universities like Stanford, UC Berkeley and UC Davis, because their citizenship status made them ineligible for scholarships. They eventually graduated from law school and passed the California Bar Exam in 2009.
"The question as to whether an undocumented person can be an attorney had never come up. So the court really had to wrangle with it," Garcia says. Now, however, Garcia finds themselves in a unique legal conundrum: as an undocumented immigrant they aren't hirable, but a court decision deems them a lawyer.
"I cannot work for any law firm, but there's no law that says I cannot open my own [law firm] and that's exactly what I intend to do," they say. "Being here as an undocumented person is a civil infraction, which subjects you to a $50 fine. I'm more than happy to pay the fine any day. Unfortunately, you know, I'm not being offered that green card, therefore, I'm just on standby."
Garcia says that they knew they wanted to become a lawyer at a very young age. Their immigration experiences shaped how they saw the legal system in the US and in Mexico.
"I personally don't appreciate injustice, and from a very young age I saw that — people without money don't get the same justice as people who have money get. So I think you should always get the law you deserve, not the justice you can afford and, therefore, that's what I intend to do," they say. "I want to do my best to help people navigate the legal system and make sure they get a fair shake."
Read the California Supreme Court ruling on the Sergio Garcia case
By Chris Adams, February 12 2015 —
Twenty-seven-year-old Kristina Waldmann had to postpone their studies at the University of Calgary after learning of a tumor three-times the size of their pineal gland deep in their brain.
Waldmann worked three jobs, studied full-time at the U of C and volunteered regularly at the Distress Centre before the results of an MRI derailed their life two years ago.
“I've had non-stop visual distortions, hearing impairment, headaches everyday, balance issues, vertigo, nausea, dizziness and cognitive problems,” Waldmann said.
They left the U of C in October 2013, a few months before they were scheduled to graduate. They were working on their honours thesis in psychology, studying stigma and mental illness. Plagued by a host of cognitive problems, Waldmann says the pineal cystic tumor has drastically changed their lives.
“On the really bad days, I'm just laying down, not being able to sleep and just in a lot of pain. Other than that I live a very low-key life,” Waldmann said.
The type of tumor they have is rare, and proper treatment isn't available in Alberta. Alberta Health Services considers their surgery elective so they won't cover it. Many doctors in the province don't believe the tumor causes Kristina's symptoms, so they and their family looked elsewhere for answers.
There are only a handful of surgeons in the world who can remove pineal cysts safely. The Waldmanns decided to head south to see a specialist in Houston, Texas.
Waldmann said the techniques neurosurgeons use to remove pineal cysts in Canada are risky.
“In the States and Australia, they've started to use keyhole procedures, so that's part of the discussion. Part of it is that they don't have any clinical management in Canada,” Waldmann said.
Waldmann wasn't able to get coverage for the surgery they need. The Out-of-Country Health Services Committee in Alberta rejected Waldmann's request for coverage, along with several requests from other Albertans with pineal cysts.
Advanced imaging techniques have shown that it's possible for people to have small pineal cysts and not experience symptoms, something Waldmann suspects is keeping the surgery elective.
In a statement released to Global News, Alberta Health Services spokesperson Tim Wilson said doctors follow “specific standards of care” before determining whether surgery is necessary for patients with pineal cysts.
“These standards require there to be clear medical evidence that the cyst is causing a patient serious health issues because of the high risks associated with the procedure. Headaches or psychological symptoms are not considered indications for surgery,” Wilson said.
Of the multiple patients with pineal cysts in Alberta, only one received coverage to go abroad for surgery. Kristina's father, Chris Waldmann, said Alberta Health Services doesn't consider patients' quality of life, but end of life. They added that the uncertainty surrounding the pineal cyst fuels inaction.
“There seems to be a culture [that says] ‘we're not sure, so we're going to do nothing,'” they said.
Waldmann said their physician felt powerless trying to get their request approved.
“She said that everybody has had the same experience. You don't get that definitive “no” because they don't give you the opportunity. When my general practitioner tried to get a consultation with a neurosurgeon, they closed my case. They said everything's fine. They had to fight with them to re-open it just to get another MRI,” Waldmann said.
Waldmann's neurologist had their take anti-seizure medication to mitigate their symptoms, but they didn't help. Them tumor is slow-growing, meaning it likely isn't cancerous. But that also means it's unresponsive to radiation or chemotherapy, making surgery the only option.
Them family started an online fundraising campaign to raise money for the surgery. They hope to raise $90,000 before the end of April. Them parents mortgaged their house to help pay for the surgery.
Them surgery date is March 18, but they have to be in Houston until April 3. As of Wednesday, Feb. 11, the Waldmann's have raised over $18,000. You can help fund Waldmann's surgery and recovery by visiting letshelpkristina.com.
Electric car components have been available for a while now. A friend converted their first electric car 10 years ago then changed it to lithium batteries 6 years ago. The technology is now becoming more readily available, costs are coming down and performance is increasing and this trend is set to continue.
Why build your own? Because you can and it is great fun to build a very light, simple car reasonably inexpensively. It is a heap of fun to drive and has excellent performance because of the light weight. Buggies, gokarts, grass roots racers and kit cars such as Lotus 7 clubman style car that is still going strong since the 60's have spurned their own industries. Electric cars bring new opportunities for a fresh look at homegrown performance.
This Instructable provides a summary of a basic layout for an EV platform that suits a wide range of applications and can be easily tuned with different size motors, batteries, gearing and size. It demonstrates a simple and compact system with a low centre of gravity that is strong, stiff and straightforward to build. The Instructable does not go into the design and fabrication of bodywork, I will leave this to others and your imagination. It is pretty easy to see that this rolling chassis is very flexible in the bodywork it could accommodate, but keeping the body light will maximise performance and range.
Key Design Parameters
When designing a new car platform from scratch, there are a lot of choices. A lot of thought and design effort has gone into keeping the design as simple, light weight and very easy to build - simpler than a Locost or clubman style car.
I will get straight to the point here and outline some of the key design features and why.
Drive - Rear-wheel drive, one electric motor powers each rear wheel. Eliminates the need for a differential and CV joints.
Motors - AC Induction. Have good torque over wide speed range. Simple and robust with a motor controller for each motor. Mounted inboard.
Batteries - Large lithium cells. I used 45 Lithium cells for a total of 148V and 100Ah. This needs to be matched to the motors and controllers. This is a relatively small pack compared to production EV's vehicles but is ample for a car that is light and is not used for long range driving. Keeping the battery pack size down helps keep down the vehicle weight and cost. My large lithium cells are good for a peak current draw 3 to 5 times the rated hourly figure above (3C to 5C). Lithium polymer cells are available that have a higher energy density and will do much higher peak currents than this and they are commonly used in model cars and planes, but at present the large lithium cells are a lot more economical for larger packs and the 3C peak current is not a major limitation unless you need a high peak demand such as for drag racing.
Chassis - Folded aluminium box. The batteries are contained in the box which also handles all the vehicle loads. This is the key to a simple, light and very easy to construct car. It provides a high level of strength and stiffness from a very simple and light structure.
Suspension, Steering and Brakes - Double wishbones were used and they are the best choice for a number of reasons including lower height for maximum flexibility in body design, height adjustable again for flexibility in body styles and optimum handling performance. There are numerous vehicles that can be used to source suspension and steering components. I used parts from a Mazda MX5 (Miata) which has front and rear wishbone suspension and rear-wheel drive so all the parts could be obtained one source. It also has 4 wheel disc brakes and a straightforward steering rack. Using mass produced parts helps streamline the project, keeps costs down and ensures that these important items are robust and reliable.
Gearbox - Nil. The electric motors have such a wide torque range that they will operate effectively with one fixed gear. I use a toothed drive belt at a ratio between 1:3 and 1:5 for smooth quiet and maintenance free transmission. A chain drive would also be ideal and would be lighter and cheaper but a little noisier.
Weight - The weight of the EV platform including motors and batteries is approx 500kg. Major components of the weight come from the batteries (150kg), wheels and suspension (140kg) and motors (118kg).
Image copyright Getty Images
The Uruguayan president blames the English for imposing suits on the world. Are they right, asks Tom de Castella.
Britain's colonial past has a new villain. Step forward the lounge suit. At a regional summit this week Uruguayan President Jose Mujica aired a surprising grievance: "We have to dress like English gentlemen. That's the suit that industrialisation imposed on the world." Mujica, who donates about 90% of their monthly salary to charity and is sometimes called the world's poorest president, was rocking a crumpled striped shirt when they launched their broadside. They went on: "Even the Japanese had to abandon their kimonos to have prestige in the world."
But is they right? The suit has its roots in the French court's matching jacket and breeches. But it was Regency London where it evolved into what we wear today through dandies like Beau Brummell, says Tony Glenville, a creative director at the London College of Fashion. The look was necked tie or cravat with perfectly fitted shirt and crisp suit. Clothes were not thrown away but handed down from aristocracy to the less well-to-do. By the 1890s the suit was becoming common attire, according to the Victoria & Albert museum. How it was propagated around the world remains more sketchy. Empire was a big factor - few sartorial allowances were made for climate. Noel Coward sang in Mad Dogs and Englishmen: "In a jungle town where the sun beats down to the rage of man and beast, The English garb of the English sahib merely gets a bit more creased." Local tailors soon got the idea of what a suit was, Glenville says. And then - perhaps for want of anything better - the suit became the uniform of international business. So Mujica is right mas o menos, although how much it was imposed is debatable. And the Japanese kept their courtly dress well into the 20th Century and changed to suits only for reasons of travel practicality, Glenville argues.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption President Mujica making their fashion statement
The Uruguayan president never wears a tie. Ties are verboten in Iran, where they are associated with pre-1979 revolution decadence and as "symbols of the Cross". But forget symbolism for a moment, says Glenville. "When you're doing business you don't want to be distracted by what someone's wearing." The suit achieves anonymous elegance, whereas a crumpled shirt - a colonial governor might have suggested in clipped consonants - is the mark of a rabble-rouser.
Follow @BBCNewsMagazine on Twitter and on Facebook
Reports: Gunman Had Visited Nightclub Before, Used Gay Dating Apps
toggle caption Myspace/via AP
Omar Mateen, who authorities say killed 49 people at the gay nightclub Pulse in Orlando, Fla., was reportedly no stranger to the club.
Multiple media outlets are reporting that some Pulse regulars recognized Mateen, saying that they had spent time at the nightclub before the shooting early Sunday. Witnesses have said the same to authorities, NPR's Dina Temple-Raston reports, citing U.S. officials with knowledge of the investigation.
Meanwhile, at least two men have told the media they interacted with Mateen on gay dating apps. Investigators have not commented on the claims.
The reports are a reminder of how little is known about Mateen's background and motivations.
The Orlando Sentinel writes that "at least four regular customers" at Pulse said they had seen Mateen before.
Ty Smith told the paper that Mateen would sometimes "get so drunk they were loud and belligerent." Smith and their husband, Chris Callen, also spoke to The Canadian Post and said they had seen Mateen at Pulse multiple times. They noted that straight people patronized the club as well as gay people, and wouldn't speculate on Mateen's sexuality.
"He couldn't drink when they were at home — around their wife, or family. Their father was really strict," Smith said.
"He's been going to this bar for at least three years," Callen said.
Smith and Callen decided to keep their distance from Mateen after they saw them pull a knife at Pulse and threaten another patron, they told the Canadian news agency.
Another Pulse regular, Kevin West, told the Los Angeles Times they hadn't seen Mateen at the club until shortly before the shooting. But they recognized them — from Jack'd, a gay dating and chat app.
The LA Times reports:
"As soon as West saw photos of Mateen released after the shooting, they said, they drove to their local police station, where officers summoned FBI officials, who showed them a photo of Mateen on a computer screen. " 'I said, "That's him," ' West said, and turned over their phone and Jack'd log in information to the FBI, which still had the phone late Monday, they said."
Cord Cedeno, another Pulse regular — and one of the patrons who told the Sentinel that he'd seen Mateen at the club before — also told MSNBC he'd seen Mateen on a gay hookup app.
"I recognized them off Grindr," Cedeno told MSNBC.
Investigators are currently looking into the reports of Mateen's prior visits to Pulse and use of gay dating apps, which have not been officially confirmed.
In general, NPR's Jeff Brady notes, Mateen's motivations remain murky. "Maybe they were someone who was in the closet, maybe they had other motivations," Jeff said Tuesday morning. "We just don't know."
"It's not clear whether they were making these connections — if they in fact did so — in order to case the place for a possible attack or for some other motive," NPR's Carrie Johnson said.
Carrie notes that investigators are also trying to sort through Mateen's claim of allegiance to the Islamic State, and possible expressions of support for other terrorist groups.
"Investigators and the FBI director right now say this guy seems to be very confused, with strange affiliations that are inconsistent with different terrorist groups, and there may be a psychological health issue going on here as well," Carrie says.
There are many day trips you can make from Taipei in Taiwan. Click through the pictures to see where you can go and read more.
Check out the harbour city of Keelung on the north east side of Taiwan. We enjoyed the harbour views, stair climbing in Zhingzheng National Park and then experienced one of the best Night Markets in Taiwan.
We climbed Mt Qixing in Yangmingshan National Park . We weren't quite used to climbing stairs to get to the top of a mountain. What a lovely morning with beautiful views.
Tamsui in Taipei is where the local Taiwanese people who live in Taipei head on the weekends. Sunday is the day you should go if you are really wanting to experience the tourist hub of Tamsui.
The Maokong Gondola just on the outskirts of Taipei is a really enjoyable day trip. We experienced beautiful scenery and traditional tea tasting in the country side of Taiwan.
Hsinchu, an hour away on Taiwan's TRA Train System, led us to Taiwan's oldest zoo, Hsinchu City Zoo . It's a little rough around the edges but a great day out for all ages.
Beitou is the Hot Spring capital of Taipei . Here you can bathe in natural hot spring water, enjoy beautiful gardens and free museums. Lovely!
UPDATE: Since publishing this we have written about another day trip from Taipei, take a day trip to the Pinxi train line and Shifen
Also, if you want even more information we have an extensive Taiwan travel guide.
The best-loved cat on Halifax's waterfront has died.
Erik the Red, the retired “rodent control officer” at the CSS Acadia national historic site, passed away Tuesday.
The Maritime Museum of the Atlantic, where the Acadia is moored, announced the death Thursday, saying Erik died “quietly at home after a brief illness.”
READ MORE: Stubbs, the cat who became unofficial mayor of an Alaskan town, dies aged 20
The museum said they believe they were between 20 and 22 years old.
The elderly orange tabby was the ship's rodent control officer for more than 15 years before retiring in 2015 to share a home in Halifax's north end with a human co-worker.
Erik was often seen wandering around the shops and restaurants on the waterfront. Some offered them sweaters in the winter, while museum staff are convinced others puffed Erik up with treats.
WATCH: Erik The Red Retires
They had survived three cat-nappings and 16 winters on board the Acadia.
The Acadia, a Canadian Scientific Ship, was retired in 1969 after 56 years of service and designated a national historic site in 1976.
— with files from Alexander Quon
Dutch prosecutors are looking into the speech delivered by far-right Party for Freedom (PVV) leader Geert Wilders, in which they slammed Islam as an “ideology of war and hatred.” Wilders says he's being targeted for “speaking the truth.”
Wilders, whose PPV came second in Dutch parliamentary elections in March, faces charges of incitement in the complaint filed by the human rights advocacy group back in March 2015, when they claimed that Islam “calls on people to be terrorists” and “be violent” and that the “Koran leaves no doubt about it.”
Read more
The provocative statements made by Wilders during a speech at the conference of PPV's Austrian ally Freedom Party (FPO) drew ire of the local Austrian Muslim Initiative (AMI) group. Its chairperson, Tarafa Baghajati, lodged a criminal complaint against Wilders, accusing them of resorting to “Nazi rhetoric of the 1930s,” Dutch News.nl reported.
"They (Austrian prosecutors) must now investigate whether Wilders has committed nation incitement and whether they insulted Islam as a religion," Baghajati told Der Telegraaf at the time.
Acting on the complaint, Austria investigators opened a probe into Wilders' remarks. On Friday, Dutch public prosecutor's spokesperson revealed that Austrian authorities appealed to their Dutch colleagues to take over the case. Confirming that the prosecutors in the Hague have been “busy studying” the request, they said it is not clear yet if the formal investigation is to be launched into the controversial statements.
Explaining their decision to ditch the dragged-on probe, Austrian prosecutors said it was a result of “practical consideration.”
Meanwhile, Wilders hit back at the Dutch prosecutors, saying that instead of tackling crime and fighting terrorism, they focus on hunting “a politician for speaking the truth about Islam,” they wrote on Twitter, accompanying the message with #legaljihad hashtag.
Read more
In their March 2015 speech, which has now become subject to scrutiny, Wilders already called out the authorities for clamping down on them while turning a blind eye on a threat arising from Islamic extremism.
“When we warn against Islam, the authorities call it hate speech and bring us to court. But when the grim forces of hatred march down our streets, the police look on and do not interfere,” they said, calling the approach “a disgrace” and “a scandal.”
READ MORE: Far-right Wilders targets 'Moroccan scum' in their election campaign launch in the Netherlands (VIDEO)
Wilders, a far-right politician who has repeatedly courted controversy inside and outside their country by calling freedom and Islam “not compatible,” has also likened the Koran to Hitler's Mein Kampf.
In December last year, they were found guilty of discrimination against Moroccans in the Netherlands. In 2014, they asked their supporters at a rally, if they want fewer or more Moroccans on the streets, provoking a chant: “Fewer! Fewer! Fewer!”
Wilders denouncing the ruling, which however does not impose any punishment on him, as politically motivated, calling it “madness” carried out by “three PVV hating judges.”
