With an outside-the-box view of the upcoming campaign, this article provides sectional analysis for the 2016 Philadelphia Phillies including their new on-field leader: Maikel Franco.
While contenders are pacing themselves in the first half, young energetic clubs can pile up wins due to intense competition for starting jobs. Unfortunately, fans could realize disappointment in June after a 28-24 record for the first two months. That stated, the one-two punch of Odubel Herrera and Franco will give the team a chance to win close games in the final three innings. Herrera's bull-horns signal! What can you expect? Both stars hit over .300 last April despite the weather in Philly (Herrera) and Allentown (Franco). Meanwhile, Aaron Nola will pick up where they left off in September, and the league will catch up with Jerad Eickhoff in May. Will they make the necessary adjustments?
According to Jim Sannes of numberFire, the odds of reaching the majors are 75.39 percent for a college player and 58 percent for a high schooler. In other words, a decision-maker must consider those numbers because they cannot miss with their top pick. And the keys to this selection could be the 104 strikeouts and 35 walks in 78 frames by left-hander A.J. Puk in 2015 because missing bats and control are strong determining factors.
On June 9, the Phils will pick first in the MLB Draft and they'll decide between a collegiate star or a high schooler: southpaws Puk and Jason Groome respectively. That said, it takes five years for a high school player to make the majors and another two summers to have an impact, which would be 2023 for Groome. On the other hand, J.P. Crawford–the 2013 draftee–could achieve that goal twice as fast in 2017, which for Groome would be 2020, while Puk could join Nola near the All-Star break in 2017. Either way, the franchise will probably need a staff ace by 2018 and they prefer homegrown arms: Puk may be a better fit.
During June and July, general manager Matt Klentak will be talking to postseason-bound GMs regarding Jeremy Hellickson, Charlie Morton and David Hernandez because pitching is always at a premium near the trade deadline. And while rumors swirl regarding top-tier arms and bats, Klentak will quietly seek a few MiLB pieces for rebuilding, and due to a fast second-half start the Phils could be within six games of .500 by July 31. However, contenders will bring their stretch-run effort after the All-Star break. And what will they see when the schedule lists the red pinstripes? A series victory! Meanwhile, fans will eyeball the top prospects on the Triple-A Lehigh Valley IronPigs, who are at the threshold of their dream. On the other hand, time will expire on the four-month auditions for healthy outfielders.
As the season's final third begins, the new faces will probably be left fielder Nick Williams, center fielder Roman Quinn, right-handers Vincent Velasquez, Mark Appel and Jake Thompson. But their performances and openings due to swaps will determine promotions, while other hopefuls will be September call-ups, like Crawford.
3 Up
Best case scenario for 2016
Considering the organization is in the second phase of restructuring, the best first-half outcome would be a third-place finish in the NL East. Simultaneously, offseason pitching acquisitions would bounce back and be attractive to playoff-bound clubs.
By October 2, the red and white would finish at .500 if everything including health goes right. And valuable youngsters from the deals involving Hellickson, Morton and Hernandez would be encouraging.
Most important Phillies
From April to mid-July, Herrera will be the catalyst for rallies, especially in the later innings; and they will hit .300 for the summer because they will continue to offset the opposing pitcher's adjustments to him. Meanwhile, the middle-of-the-order threat will be Franco, who is very deadly with victory at hand. Intentional walks?
While Franco socks 25 to 30 homers and Herrera ignites the offense with their signature bull horns, Nola will front the rotation after July 31 on their way to 12 wins. They won't be an ace but he'll be the number one on the staff.
Potential breakout players
Before the All-Star break, Nola will close the gap between last year's 2.12 ERA for 51 frames against weaker opponents and a 6.41 ERA for 26 2/3 innings versus stronger competition. Therefore, he'll need a 4.00 ERA against successful teams to move a step closer toward maturity. And when August begins, Nola will strive for a more respectable 3.50 ERA regarding those difficult assignments.
3 Down
Worst case scenario
Losing key players to the injury bug would hamper the formation of a winning attitude. And subpar performances from Hellickson, Morton and Hernandez would kill any interest from a contender maneuvering for the stretch run.
After August 1, health issues for Velasques, Appel, Thompson, Williams, Quinn, catchers Jorge Alfaro and Andrew Knapp could be major setbacks. And when they get their MLB shot in the final two months, ineffectiveness by these potential stars could prolong the restructuring timeline.
Areas of concern
When it comes to the eighth and ninth innings, the setup men and the closer will make those frames an adventure. One pitch away from disaster! Chuck and duck! Hernandez will have every opportunity to surpass the 11 saves they had in 2011 and match the 2.50 ERA they had for 68 1/3 innings in 2012. On the other hand, the eighth-frame role will be up for grabs between last summer's holdovers and a handful of non-roster invitees, who want to be successful again in the major leagues. However, if Hernandez is a reliable ninth-inning option and goes to a October-bound team, closing will be by a best-of-the-rest committee.
Who needs to bounce back from a down 2015
In 2014, Morton started 26 contests, fired 157 1/3 frames, and went 6-12 with a 3.72 ERA. They would need to win half of their decisions with a similar ERA for the first four months. In other words, a 6-6 mark with a 3.75 ERA would generate a decent prospect or two.
When Phillies fans forecast tomorrow, they either expect three to five wins more than the previous campaign, or they use a road map from 2000 with its five-season plan. But turnarounds today are faster because franchises employ a shorter timeline to move stars and valuable veterans for MiLB packages of upper-level talent and numbers. Then, they select top college players with their early draft picks, so they contend sooner: For instance, the red pinstripes can vie for the postseason in 2018–instead of 2020–because of free-agent acquisitions to cover shortcomings at the tail end of rebuilding. Year-two prediction: 76 ugly victories.
If you have an interest, my “not the standard fare” articles represent the thinking–in my opinion–of a front-office baseball man. However, my latest piece is historical. Here is “Storyline Revisited: The “What Is a Phillie” Answer.”
Posted on by steveblank
What if we could increase productivity and stave the capital flight by helping Life Sciences startups build their companies more efficiently?
We're going to test this hypothesis by teaching a Lean LaunchPad class for Life Sciences and Health Care (therapeutics, diagnostics, devices and digital health) this October at UCSF with a team of veteran venture capitalists.
Part 1 of this post described the issues in the drug discovery. Part 2 covered medical devices and digital health. This post describes what we're going to do about it. And why you ought to take this class.
——
When I wrote Four Steps to the Epiphany and the Startup Owners Manual, I believed that Life Sciences startups didn't need Customer Discovery. Heck how hard could it be? You invent a cure for cancer and then figure out where to put the bags of money. (In fact, for oncology, with a successful clinical trial, this is the case.)
Pivots in life sciences companies
But I've learned that's not how it really works. For the last two and a half years, we've taught hundreds of teams how to commercialize their science with a version of the Lean LaunchPad class called the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps. Quite a few of the teams were building biotech, devices or digital health products. What we found is that during the class almost all of them pivoted – making substantive changes to one or more of their business model canvas components.
In the real world a big pivot in life sciences far down the road of development is a very bad sign due to huge sunk costs. But pivoting early, before you raise and spend millions or tens of millions means potential disaster avoided.
Some of these pivots included changing their product/service once the team had a better of understanding of customer needs or changing their position in the value chain (became an OEM supplier to hospital suppliers rather than selling to doctors directly.) Other pivots involved moving from a platform technology to become a product supplier, moving from a therapeutic drug to a diagnostic or moving from a device that required a PMA to one that required a 510(k).
Some of these teams made even more radical changes. For example when one team found the right customer, they changed the core technology (the basis of their original idea!) used to serve those customers. Another team reordered their device's feature set based on customer needs.
These findings convinced me that the class could transform how we thought about building life science startups. But there was one more piece of data that blew me away.
Control versus Experiment – 18% versus 60%
For the last two and a half years, the teams that were part of the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps were those who wanted to learn how to commercialize their science, applied to join the program, fought to get in and went through a grueling three month program. Other scientists attempting to commercialize their science were free to pursue their startups without having to take the class.
Both of these groups, those who took the Innovation Corps class and those who didn't, applied for government peer-reviewed funding through the SBIR program. The teams that skipped the class and pursued traditional methods of starting a company had an 18% success rate in receiving SBIR Phase I funding.
The teams that took the Lean Launchpad class – get ready for this – had a 60% success rate. And yes, while funding does not equal a successful company, it does mean these teams knew something about building a business the other teams did not.
The 3-person teams consisted of Principal Investigators (PI's), mostly tenured professors (average age of 45,) whose NSF researches the project was based on. The PI's in turn selected one of their graduate students (average age of 30,) as the entrepreneurial lead. The PI and Entrepreneurial Lead were supported by a mentor (average age of 50,) with industry/startup experience.
This was most definitely not the hoodie and flip-flop crowd.
Obviously there's lots of bias built into the data – those who volunteered might be the better teams, the peer reviewers might be selecting for what we taught, funding is no metric for successful science let alone successful companies, etc. – but the difference in funding success is over 300%.
The funding criteria for these new ventures wasn't solely whether they had a innovative technology. It was whether the teams understood how to take that idea/invention/patent and transform it into a company. It was whether after meeting with partners and regulators, they had a plan to deal with the intensifying regulatory environment. It was whether after talking to manufacturing partners and clinicians, they understood how they were going to reduce technology risk. And It was after they talked to patients, providers and payers whether they understood the customer segments to reduce market risk by having found product/market fit.
Scientists and researchers have spent their careers testing hypotheses inside their labs. This class teaches them how to test the critical hypotheses that turn their idea into a business as they deal with the real world of regulation, customers and funding.
So after the team at UCSF said they'd like to prototype a class for Life Sciences, I agreed.
Here's what we're going to offer.
The Lean LaunchPad Life Sciences and Health Care class
The goal of the Lean LaunchPad Life Sciences class at UCSF is to teach researchers how to move their technology from an academic lab into the commercial world.
We're going to help teams:
assess regulatory risk before they design and build
gather data essential to customer purchases before doing the science
define clinical utility now, before spending millions of dollars
identify financing vehicles before you need them
We've segmented the class into four cohorts: therapeutics, diagnostics, devices and digital health. And we recruited a team of world class Venture Capitalists and entrepreneurs to teach and mentor the class including Alan May, Karl Handelsman, Abhas Gupta, and Todd Morrill.
The course is free to UCSF, Berkeley, and Stanford students; $100 for pre-revenue startups; and $300 for industry. – See more here
The syllabus is here.
Class starts Oct 1st and runs through Dec 10th.
Download the all three parts of the Life Science series here.
Listen to the podcast here [audio http://traffic.libsyn.com/albedrio/steveblank_clearshore_130821.mp3]
Download the podcast here
Filed under: Customer Development, Lean LaunchPad, Life Sciences (NIH), NIH (National Institutes of Health), Science and Industrial Policy, Teaching |
Just four months on the job, and he's already looking for a new one. Neethan Shan, a newly elected trustee on the Toronto District School Board, will run under the NDP banner in the MPP race in Scarborough-Rouge River — a seat that became vacant with Liberal Bas Balkissoon's sudden resignation from provincial politics.
Recently elected Toronto public school board trustee Neethan Shan is now running as the NDP candidate for MPP in Scarborough-Rouge River.
When Shan ran in a trustee byelection held in January, their opponents accused them of not being committed to the board and simply seeking any political seat, given he's run for different levels of office seven times since 2003. They were elected once before, as trustee in York Region in 2006. However, less than a year on the job there, they took a leave to run, unsuccessfully, for MPP in Scarborough, and then returned to the board. They told the Star once the provincial byelection is called, they will take a leave from the Toronto District School Board.
Article Continued Below
“My loyalty is to the cause for education, and interest in the cause,” they said. “It's the same area I'm running in for the byelection. If the population in this area feels that the provincial level is where I should be, then that's (their) decision. “I love what I'm doing as a trustee; I'm perfectly happy with it … but the local population will decide if I should represent these issues at the provincial level.” In an email to fellow trustees, sent out last week, Shan said after two months as trustee they began “engaging in serious thought and deliberations” and two months later decided to seek the NDP nomination. “It was a difficult decision but it is a step I need to take in order to support the local community in its continued advocacy for social and economic justice. As the election is expected in the summer, I don't anticipate it having any significant impact, if any, with my role as the trustee.” They told the Star many people in the community urged them to run.
Board Chair Robin Pilkey said they heard from Shan, who explained to them why they were running. “Trustees have to decide what they think is appropriate in certain cases,” they said, adding “I understand why he's running, and they have told me that they will be able to keep doing both things” until the writ is issued.
Article Continued Below
Because of unusual circumstances — trustees Shaun Chen being elected to Ottawa and Michael Ford resigning to run for city councilor, and the deaths of two other trustees — the board has faced the disruption, and high cost, of four byelections. When asked if the board would have to call another, they quipped: “Please don't speculate — my heart can't take it.” The trustee byelection Shan ran in — which they won by a landslide — cost the board $250,000 alone. Shan said if elected, they would “hold the government accountable for cuts and advocate for changes needed in the school system … it's going to be a challenge — this is a Liberal stronghold in some ways provincially — but I am taking up that challenge and there are people who feel I need to do this.” They said while fellow trustees “understand the situation” he's in — “obviously the byelection timing is something I had not planned for” — not all were supportive of their decision “but generally there is support.” When asked about criticism about the number of times they have run, they noted that he's always run against well-established politicians. As well, they said, “for people who have been on the margins, including myself as a racialized person” it's important to take advantage of opportunities to be heard. “It may not look like that from the outside,” they added. Karla Webber-Gallagher, the Ontario NDP's provincial secretary, said Shan will be acclaimed as the NDP's Scarborough-Rouge River candidate at a May 26 meeting. “We're excited to have Neethan as our candidate,” they said via email. “He's been a fighter for Scarborough for many years and Scarborough-Rouge River needs an MPP who will stand up for the interests of this community, stand up for Scarborough families, and for high-quality education.” Where he's run: 2003: Ran unsuccessfully for York Region District School board in Markham. 2006: Elected trustee for two wards in Markham, York Region District School Board. 2007: Less than a year serving as trustee, took a leave and ran unsuccessfully for MPP in Scarborough-Guildwood for the NDP. They then returned to being a trustee. 2010: Ran unsuccessfully for Toronto city Ward 42, Scarborough-Rouge River. 2011: Ran unsuccessfully for Scarborough-Rouge River riding in provincial election, for the NDP, losing to Liberal Bas Balkissoon. 2014: Ran unsuccessfully for Ward 42, Scarborough-Rouge River in the Toronto municipal election. 2016: Won byelection for TDSB trustee, with the backing of the local unions, in Scarborough-Rouge River. 2016: After just four months on the job, he'll be running for the NDP, seeking to replace Bas Balkisoon who recently resigned as MPP in Scarborough-Rouge River.
The most efficient way to clean up ocean plastics and avoid harming ecosystems is to place plastic collectors near coasts, according to a new study.
Plastic floating in the oceans is a widespread and increasing problem. Plastics including bags, bottle caps and plastic fibres from synthetic clothes wash out into the oceans from urban rivers, sewers and waste deposits.
Larger plastics are broken down into smaller fragments that can persist for hundreds or even thousands of years, and fragments of all sizes are swallowed by animals and enter the food web, disrupting ecosystems.
There is a lot of plastic in the patch, but it's a relative dead zone for life compared with the richness around the coasts. – Peter Sherman
One area of open ocean in the North Pacific has an unusually large collection of microscopic plastics, or microplastics, and is known as the Great Pacific garbage patch. The patch is enclosed by ocean currents that concentrate the plastics into an area estimated to be larger than twice the size of the United Kingdom.
The patch has gained international attention, and there is now a project called The Ocean Cleanup that plans to deploy plastic collectors to clean up the region. However, a new analysis by Dr Erik van Sebille and undergraduate physics student Peter Sherman from Imperial College London suggests that targeting the patch is not the most efficient way to clean up the oceans.
Focus on coasts
Dr van Sebille, from Imperial's Grantham Institute, and Sherman used a model of ocean plastic movements to determine the best places to deploy plastic collectors to remove the most amount of microplastics, and to prevent the most harm to wildlife and ecosystems. The study is published today in Environmental Research Letters.
They found that placing plastic collectors like those proposed by The Ocean Cleanup project around coasts was more beneficial than placing them all inside the patch. The project proposes a system of floating barriers and platforms to concentrate and collect plastics and remove them.
For a ten-year project between 2015 and 2025, the team found that placing collectors near coasts, particularly around China and the Indonesian islands, would remove 31 per cent of microplastics. With all the collectors in the patch, only 17 per cent would be removed.
“The Great Pacific garbage patch has a huge mass of microplastics, but the largest flow of plastics is actually off the coasts, where it enters the oceans,” said Sherman.
“It makes sense to remove plastics where they first enter the ocean around dense coastal economic and population centres,” added Dr van Sebille. “It also means you can remove the plastics before they have had a chance to do any harm. Plastics in the patch have travelled a long way and potentially already done a lot of harm.”
Avoiding harm to ecosystems
The pair's model also looked at areas where microplastics overlapped with phytoplankton – microscopic floating plants that form the basic food of many ocean ecosystems. Many microplastics enter the food web in these areas as microscopic animals accidentally eat them.
Running the same model for areas rich in phytoplankton came up with a similar result: the overlap was reduced by 46 per cent by placing collectors near certain coasts, whereas the overlap was only reduced by 14 per cent by placing the collectors in the patch.
“There is a lot of plastic in the patch, but it's a relative dead zone for life compared with the richness around the coasts,” said Sherman. A recent analysis by Dr van Sebille and colleagues in Australia showed that more than 90 per cent of seabirds has swallowed plastics, and these birds are also concentrated around coasts where their food is plentiful.
The pair will refine their analysis, but say the results are clear and hope that plastic collecting projects in the future will focus on the coastlines.
“We need to clean up ocean plastics, and ultimately this should be achieved by stopping the source of pollution,” said Sherman. “However, this will not happen overnight, so a temporary solution is needed, and clean-up projects could be it, if they are done well.”
Sherman conducted the study as a 10-week summer project under the Undergraduate Research Opportunities Programme at Imperial.
-
'Modeling marine surface microplastic transport to assess optimal removal locations' by Erik van Sebille and Peter Sherman is published in Environmental Research Letters.
There is no doubt Cristiano Ronaldo deserves to win the Ballon d'Or ahead of Lionel Messi and Co., according to Real Madrid team-mate Lucas Vazquez.
Ronaldo is coming off a successful season for both club and country, helping European giants Madrid to Champions League glory and guiding Portugal to their first major title at Euro 2016.
And Vazquez is confident the 31-year-old will claim a fourth Ballon d'Or, having finished second to Barcelona rival Messi in 2015.
"Right now I don't think there's any doubt. Cristiano Ronaldo deserves it more than anyone else and I hope they win it again," said Vazquez.
"Playing alongside them makes everything easier. You often send them a bad pass but he'll score anyway. It's incredible what he's doing."
In 2015-16, Ronaldo scored 35 goals in 36 LaLiga appearances for Madrid, who finished runners-up behind Barça.
Ronaldo netted 16 more in the Champions League, which Madrid won after outlasting city rivals Atletico in Milan.
The Portugal captain – their nation's most-capped player – also scored three times at Euro 2016 to collect the Silver Boot as the country made history in France.
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German drug and crop chemical maker Bayer and U.S. seeds company Monsanto are launching asset sales worth roughly $2.5 billion as they seek regulatory clearance for their $66 billion merger, people close to the matter said.
The logo of Bayer AG is pictured at the Bayer Healthcare subgroup production plant in Wuppertal, Germany February 24, 2014. REUTERS/Ina Fassbender/File Photo
To kick off an auction process, Bayer's advisors will send out information packages next week to prospective bidders for the businesses, which have been divided into three bundles of assets, the people said.
Bayer and Monsanto have said in the past that they expect to divest activities with combined sales of up to $1.6 billion.
While it could not be learned what businesses will be put on the auction block, antitrust and industry experts expect Bayer to potentially divest soybean, cotton and canola seed assets as well as LibertyLink-branded crops that are resistant to its glufosinate herbicide, an important alternative to Monsanto's Roundup Ready seeds.
Overall, regulatory hurdles to the deal are seen as manageable because Bayer's main business in agriculture is pesticides while Monsanto's focus is on genetically modified seeds.
Bayer said last month that it was on track to clear all regulatory hurdles for the takeover by year-end, including a likely in-depth investigation by the European Union's competition regulators.
Peer BASF has been touted as a potential buyer of some of the assets after abstaining from a wave of consolidation in the agrochemicals industry, which also saw Dow and DuPont merging and ChemChina buying Syngenta.
The assets, which comprise sets of different active ingredients in several global regions, will also be shopped to large private equity groups, which may, however, struggle to bid competitively against players in the agricultural supplies market, the sources said.
“Transaction security is more important than price,” one of the people close to Bayer said.
Bayer and Monsanto declined to comment.
The Freedom From Religion Foundation was chosen from more than 8,000 charities to receive an $82,765.95 donation from Reddit, the social networking and news website. The social media giant decided to donate 10% of its 2014 gross ad revenue to 10 charities selected by its users. Over 80,000 users voted.
Reddit partnered with Charity Navigator, a nonprofit that evaluates charities, to vet potential awardees. (Charity Navigator rates FFRF a 97.06 out of 100, and “exceptional” with four out of four stars.) FFRF is a national nonprofit with more than 21,500 members across the country that works to educate the public about matters of nontheism and to uphold the constitutional separation between state and church.
Of the 8,000 charities nominated, the top 10 received awards, including Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Doctors Without Borders, the Wikimedia Foundation, National Public Radio and FFRF.
“We're so pleased to be in such illustrious company,” said FFRF Co-President Annie Laurie Gaylor. “FFRF strives to do for the secular movement what charities like Planned Parenthood, Doctors Without Borders and NPR do for their respective fields. We're honored that Redditors recognize our contribution.”
Other winners include the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which defends civil liberties in the digital world, and the Tor Project, which works to protect online privacy. The full list of 10 winners is available here.
“The Internet is one of the few places some atheists feel comfortable being open about their atheism,” said FFRF Co-President Dan Barker. “This award is an honor, but also a symbol that secularism is gaining strength and acceptance wherever ideas can be freely exchanged.”
FFRF and its staff would like to thank all the wonderful Redditors who voted for us. Upvotes for you all.
Inter Milan are on the brink of beating Juventus in the race for Gabirel Barbosa, commonly known as Gabigol, after Barcelona decided not to enact their first-refusal deal over the player.
Joaquim Piera
Santos are required to report the deal to Barça given the preferential agreement that was inserted into Neymar's transfer when they moved to the Camp Nou in 2013.
Iranian agent Kia Joorabchian landed in São Paulo on Monday with an offer of 25 million euros from Internazionale, which exceeded the expectations of Santos and Gabigol himself. In addition, the Nerazzurri - now owned by the Chinese corporation Suning Holdings Group - are also proposing a salary of three million euros net per year for the 19-year-old.
Joorabchian, Gabigol's father, Valdemir Silva, and the Brazilian striker's agent, Wagner Ribeiro, have already negotiated the final details of the deal. Santos, who hold 40 per cent of Gabigol's economic rights, will receive 18 million euros, Gabigol will keep seven million for himself.
The remaining 20 per cent belongs to investment group Doyen, but the current Santos board, headed by Modesto Junior Roma, doesn't officially recognise this stake and have already reported the group to the Brazilian judicial system.
Gabigol's departure from Santos has had an unexpected outcome. Last Thursday, Juventus officially announced a bid of 20 million euros for the striker, 18 million of which would be received by Santos.
However, Gabigol refused the offer as they aren't willing to only receive two million euros for their economic rights.
As a result, Internazionale, who lost out on fellow Brazilian Gabriel Jesus, have been in the market for a new, young forward with the potential to develop into a future star.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Planned Parenthood, the national health organization that would have lost federal funding under sweeping healthcare overhaul legislation, views the withdrawal of the bill on Friday as a temporary reprieve, not the end of a threat to its existence.
FILE PHOTO: Planned Parenthood South Austin Health Center is seen in Austin, Texas, U.S. on June 27, 2016. REUTERS/Ilana Panich-Linsman/File Photo
Officials of the organization - long a target of those who oppose its abortion services - anticipate further attempts by Republicans to curb its participation in federally funded public health programs, a major source of its funding.
In a major setback for Republican President Donald Trump, U.S. House of Representatives leaders pulled the healthcare bill after a rebellion by Republican moderates and the party's most conservative lawmakers left them short of votes. Democrats were unified against it.
Planned Parenthood leaders will meet in Washington next week to plan their strategy for coming rounds in what they see as a protracted fight.
“It's one good night's sleep, and then we have to see what they are going to cook up,” Chris Charbonneau, chief executive of Planned Parenthood of the Great Northwest and the Hawaiian Islands, said in a phone interview. “They're trying to find some vehicle that they could hook some Planned Parenthood defund(ing) to.”
Many Republicans oppose the organization, some on religious grounds, because its healthcare services include abortions, although it receives no federal funding or reimbursement for abortions, as stipulated by federal law.
The federal funding it receives is primarily through reimbursement via Medicaid and the Title X Family Planning grant program for its care for low-income patients.
Abortion opponents said Republican leaders had promised for years to end federal reimbursement for Planned Parenthood, and that voters would continue to hold them to this. Before winning the presidential election in November, Trump had also promised to defund Planned Parenthood, and fought to get the healthcare bill passed.
“I'm confident the Republicans in Congress and the president will move ahead and defund Planned Parenthood,” said Joe Pojman, executive director of the anti-abortion Texas Alliance for Life.
The issue “is so dear to the electorate who put the Republicans and president in office,” they said after the bill was pulled.
On the other side of the issue, Georges Benjamin, the American Public Health Association's executive director, welcomed the withdrawal of the legislation, and said the renewed public attention on Planned Parenthood may make future efforts to limit its funding more difficult.
“I think in many ways it's going to be harder for them to go after Planned Parenthood, not that they won't,” they said in a telephone interview.
“I hope people recognize that Planned Parenthood did more than abortions, that they recognize it has a broader portfolio,” they said, referring to services such as cancer screenings provided by the organization.
PUBLIC SUPPORT
The proposed American Health Care Act (AHCA) would have repealed many parts of the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, which Democratic President Barack Obama signed into law in 2010.
Charbonneau and other Planned Parenthood officials pointed to a widespread outpouring of public opposition to AHCA as one of the reasons that its moderate Republican backers could not reach a compromise with members of the conservative Freedom Caucus, who demanded a complete evisceration of Obamacare.
“The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!” Trump wrote in a message on Twitter on Friday morning.Public opinion polls found the AHCA bill was unpopular among Americans, including Republican voters, and that there was broad public support for funding some of Planned Parenthood's work. In a Reuters-Ipsos poll conducted last month, almost half of 5,459 American adults surveyed said Planned Parenthood should receive federal funding; about a third said they should not.
Even so, about 70 percent of those people said Planned Parenthood should get the money when they were asked about specific services such as free cancer screenings, contraception and prenatal care. Women were significantly more likely than men to think the organization deserved funding.
The Planned Parenthood Federation of America had described the Republicans' proposed law as containing a “long list of anti-women's health provisions” in a statement earlier this week. The federation's president, Cecile Richards, cheered its withdrawal on Friday.
The organization said that 2.5 million men, women and children rely on Planned Parenthood for cancer screenings, medical testing, contraception, abortions and other healthcare services each year at around 700 health centers around the country.
The warnings were echoed by two dozen national public health organizations, including the American Public Health Association, the American Nurses Association and the American College of Nurse-Midwives, in a letter to U.S. lawmakers in February. They argued that in some parts of the country, particularly rural areas, Planned Parenthood was the only nearby provider of health services.
We're only heading into the last week of April, but it's already been a cataclysmic start to the season for Twins left-hander Francisco Liriano. To contextualize a bit for how bad the season has been for the 28-year-old left-hander, take a look at Liriano's line from Sunday:
5 innings pitched, 5 runs (5 ER), 4 K/4 BB, 86 pitches (47 strikes)
That's obviously nowhere near a decent outing — he'll be skipped in the rotation next time out as a result — but that line actually reduced their ERA (11.91 –> 11.02), WHIP (2.74 –> 2.33), and OPS allowed (1103 –> 1047).
So what gives?
The Twins certainly don't have all the answers. “We're kind of baffled right now,” skipper Ron Gardenhire said to LaVelle E. Neal III in a recent Minneapolis Star Tribune interview. This isn't the first time the Twins decision makers have been at wit's end with the talented-but-mercurial young southpaw. Coming off a strong 2010 season, there was a perception that Liriano didn't do the requisite work to keep their left wing in shape entering the 2011 season, and the result was an ERA a run-and-a-half higher, two fewer whiffs per nine, and a K/BB rate that was more than halved. And that's nothing to speak of the 60 inning decrease Liriano incurred, as they were unable to stay healthy toward the end of the season and finished the campaign working out of the bullpen.
It appeared for a moment that Liriano might be ready to shake off the rough 2011 season this spring. Liriano paced all hurlers in spring training in strikeouts with 33, and carried a 2.33 ERA in addition to a 1.11 WHIP. In late February, Liriano told ESPN 1500's Phil Mackey “I feel way better than I did last year. It's a good thing.” That positivity lasted through exactly three hitters this season, as Liriano fanned Nolan Reimold, J.J. Hardy, and Nick Markakis in succession before Adam Jones tagged them for a home run leading off the second inning in the season's second game. It's been all downhill from that point.
The pre-game talk prior to Sunday's outing was that Liriano would scale back the two-seamer, a pitch Liriano has toyed with the past few seasons but hasn't fully mastered. Take a look at Liriano's pitch chart from that game versus the Rays against RHH (Carlos Pena was the only LHH starting for the Rays that day; they were 0-2 with a pair of free passes):
For one, I only count four-seam fastball — the pitch Liriano themselves suggested spurred their spring success — in the strike-zone. So not only did Liriano not ‘scale back' on the two-seamer, they threw it almost exclusively! That has been the case pretty much all season, as Liriano has just about scrapped the four-seamer — chucked in only 4.9 percent of their offerings — in favor of the two-seamer which they throw nearly half the time. As you'll see below in the plate appearance where they walk Evan Longoria on five pitches, the pitch gets plenty of natural movement, but Liriano has no idea where it's going. The next plate appearance also resulted in a four-pitch walk.
One need not be a pitching coach to see he's all out of whack here. Either their arm is dragging behind, or they are just not getting their release point down, but to right-handers, he's had virtually no luck locating this pitch at all. In fact, he's not really locating anything, as their 57 percent strike rate will attest. Take a look at their pitch charts from all four starts he's made thus far (v. RHH):
On the good side, Liriano is missing mostly down with the sliders, but he's missing up far too often with their heaters, likely resulting in their 91.0 percent zone contact rate (especially when figured with decreased velocity). Now, it's not entirely impossible to see the logic behind Liriano's pitch selection. In 2010, when Liriano was a six-win pitcher, they threw the two-seamer almost exclusively, before inexplicably returning to four-seamer in their rough-and-tumble 2011 campaign. This season, there's just one problem — beyond location — that is. He's lost two MPH off that two-seamer — across the board, really — from 2010 and that combined with spotty location is why Liriano is not only walking more guys than he's fanning, but also getting flat out pummeled (in a smaller sample size, LHH are actually hitting Liriano harder).
So where does Liriano go from here? Well, he's slated to miss a start before returning to their slot against the Angels in Los Angeles early next week. I'm not a pitching coach, nor do I play one on TV, but I would suggest they return to the four-seamer until their location is cleaned up, and take their lumps with their sub-standard heater until they can regain the command that allowed them to move the two-seamer in and out of the strike zone with aplomb back in 2010. One note around the Twin Cities was that pitching coach Rick Anderson had instructed Joe Mauer to simply set up over the middle of the plate and have Liriano pitch to that spot, and let the natural movement do what it does. Nonetheless, it isn't working.
But I do think there's a good chance Liriano could be going through a bit of a dead-arm period. After an innings decrease last season, they not only threw this winter — 30 innings in winter ball down in the Dominican Republic — but they also are a bit ahead of the curve during spring training, throwing longer bullpens earlier in the spring, presumably to keep themselves fit and to chase away their 2011 demons. The Twins really have no choice but to let the free agent to-be fight it out in the rotation, as one-inning bullpen stints aren't likely to benefit either side, and the Twins' next option to patch up the beleaguered rotation is Scott Diamond.
Visit our Re-post guidelines This article is copyrighted by GreenMedInfo LLC, 2014
New evidence reveals that despite a ban on cultivation of GM rapeseed in Europe, Monsanto and Bayer's plants are now freely growing there.
A new study published in PLoS titled ,"Unexpected Diversity of Feral Genetically Modified Oilseed Rape (Brassica napus L.) Despite a Cultivation and Import Ban in Switzerland," is believed to be the first report of its kind showing that despite a cultivation and seed import ban of genetically modified (GM) oilseed rape in Switzerland, Monsanto and Bayer's GM plants have been introduced into the environment there, confirming fears that once the GM genie has been let out of the bottle it can not be put back.
The GM plants were found growing freely along railway lines and in port areas at four sites in 2011 and 2012, with the most afflicted being the Rhine port of Basel and the St. Johann freight railway station in Basel, Switzerland. The glyphosate-resistant GM plants were identified as Monsanto's Roundup-Ready GM event GT73. Additionally, the researchers found the glufosinate-resistant GM events MS8xRF3, MS8 and RF3 (all traded as InVigor, Bayer) at five sampling locations in the Rhine port. They noted that this is, to their knowledge, the first time that Bayer's feral MS8xRF3, MS8 or RF3 plants were detected in Europe.
Another concerning finding was the discovery of 'outcrossing' (transference of genetic material between differing plant strains) between Monsanto's GT73 GM plant and two non-GM oilseed rape plants. This confirms fears that GM plants are capable of transforming conventional and/or organically produced plants into GM ones (i.e. 'biorape').
In fact, the study addresses this possibility directly:
"Another concern with respect to the cultivation of GM OSR [genetically modified oilseed rape] is an unintended gene flow towards conventional or organic OSR crops which could lead to co-existence conflicts between different farming systems [10]."
What is even more remarkable about the discovery of feral GM plants in Europe is that they have been banned from cultivation:
"In the European Union, GM OSR cultivation is presently prohibited and authorization for the import for food and feed processing is confined to the GM OSR events GT73 (Roundup Ready, Monsanto), MS8, RF3, MS8xRF3 and T45 (all traded as InVigor, Bayer CropScience)[11]. GM crop plants have found even less acceptance in Switzerland where currently neither the import nor the cultivation of GM OSR is allowed at least until the end of 2017 [12], [13]. Nevertheless, the spread of GM OSR cannot totally be prevented by cultivation or import bans. In Japan, where GM OSR is imported but not cultivated, feral glyphosate- and glufosinate-resistant GM OSR plants have repeatedly been detected in port areas and along transportation routes [14]-[17]. The feral GM plants found most likely originated from imported transgenic seeds that were spilled during transport to oilseed processing facilities. Two countrywide studies from Switzerland have reported the occurrence of glyphosate-resistant GT73 OSR from four sites in 2011 and 2012 [18], [19]. The case of Switzerland is remarkable, because GM OSR has neither been cultivated nor imported into the country." [emphasis added]
If Switzerland has banned both the cultivation and importation of GM rapeseed plants into the country, how did they end up there?
The authors of the study propose the feral GT73 OSR "probably originated from spillage of conventional OSR seeds or other seed imports that were contaminated with GM seeds."
This raises a larger question: how much of the world's food supply is now contaminated with GM plant material?
As we reported on last year in an article titled, "Illegal StarLink™ GM Corn Resurfaces in Saudi Arabian Food Supply," StarLink™ maize, the first genetically modified organism to be pulled off the market over a decade ago due to safety concerns, was recently found to be contaminating food products in Saudi Arabia. Also, the recent discovery of illegal Monsanto GMO wheat growing freely in an Oregon field, illustrates just how little control and knowledge we have about the extent of contamination of both the biosphere and our food supply.
The larger implications of discoveries like these is illegal (unapproved) GM plants may still be produced in the US (accidentally or by intention), and exported domestically and abroad, admixed with conventional and/or organically-certified materials.
× Expand Photo: Honolulu Theatre for Youth Out and About Mu Lan
August 25 (Start Date)
The Ballad of Mu Lan
Honolulu Theatre for Youth kicks off its new season with this legendary (made famous by Disney) Chinese tale. Mu Lan poses as a boy to take their ailing father's place in the army. Contemporary music and HTY's signature kid-friendly production add a new twist on this sixth-century story of girl power.
Tenney Theatre, 5 years and older, Friday, Aug. 25 through Saturday, Sept. 30., (808) 839-9885, htyweb.org
August 25
Family Night
× Expand Photo: Courtesy of Waikīkī Aquarium
Spend an evening with the circus, the sea-creature type, at this annual evening event. Kids can learn about clams with 1,000 eyes, animals that change gender, the amazing glowing ostracods and more. After you explore, watch performances, picnic on the lawn and take home your own marine mystery kit. Kids 2 years and younger are free.
Waikīkī Aquarium, All ages, Friday, Aug. 25, 6 to 8:30 p.m., (808) 923-9741, waikikiaquarium.org
September 23
Ko Olina Children's Festival
× Expand Photo: Courtesy of Hawai‘i Pacific Health
Wear sunscreen, pack water and arrive early to avoid long lines for face painting, balloon artists, mini golf, music-mixing and other kid-focused activities at the annual fundraiser for Kapi‘olani Medical Center for Women and Children. When it gets hot, take a break to watch Disney and Pixar films in air-conditioned ballrooms. The marquee movie on the beach is the live-action Beauty and the Beast. The movie's darker scenes may be a little scary for younger kids, but the animation in the palace is enchanting.
Kohola Lagoon 1, Kapolei, All ages, Saturday, Sept. 23, 2 to 9 p.m., koolinachildrensfestival.com
September 23
Museum Day Live!
Download a pass for free admission for two to some of Hawai‘i's museums. ‘Iolani Palace, Queen Emma Summer Palace and Pacific Aviation Museum Pearl Harbor will be among the places participating in the national Smithsonian Magazine event.
Various locations, Saturday, Sept. 23, various times, smithsonianmag.com/museumday/museum-day-live-2017
September 23
HAIS Education Fair
× Expand Photo: Courtesy of Hawai‘i Association of Independent Schools
Hawai‘i Association of Independent Schools' fair offers families hands-on, in-person opportunities to learn about unique programs and financial aid at more than 35 schools. While parents chat, kids can try interactive activities at school booths or in learning corners featuring a maker space, robotics, movement and art. All receive a free raffle ticket for prizes, including books from HONOLULU Family's library.
Hawai‘i Convention Center,Room 316 ABC, All ages, Saturday, Sept. 23, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., (808) 973-1540, hais.org
September 30
Family Day Open House
Tour 19th-century homes during this free day at the downtown museum. See how missionaries lived in the 1800s, then join hands-on keiki activities and games. Stop by the gift shop first for a map and bring a change of clothes. Kids love the working water pump but they will get wet. See our tips here.
Mission Houses Museum, All ages, Saturday, Sept. 30, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., missionhouses.org
October 1
Children and Youth Day
Based on years past, we bet you'll find everything from rock climbing to carnival games, glitter tattoos, arts and crafts, free snacks and prizes, and a big crowd of families planning to do it all. Watch for our guide to this free family day on honolulufamily.com.
State Capitol Grounds, All ages, Sunday, Oct. 1, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., (808) 262-4538, hawaiicyd.org
October 7
Animation Academy: From Pencils to Pixels
Interact with your favorite movies at this exhibit dedicated to the art of animation. Kids and cartoon fans of all ages can make their own animated shorts, learn about the history of storyboarding, watch characters come to life in America's largest 3D zoetrope and use body-recognition hardware to draw in the air. Take photos with Warner Brothers-themed backgrounds at the Chromakey and visit "The Gumby Show."
Bishop Museum, All ages, Saturday, Oct. 7 through Sunday, Jan. 14, 2018, (808) 847-3511, bishopmuseum.org
October 14
Harlem Globetrotters
Spinning balls, sensational trick shots and physical comedy are the hallmarks of this show team's performances. The Harlem Globetrotters will tear up the hardwood of the Blaisdell Center for three shows of the team's 2017 World Tour.
Blaisdell Center, All ages, Saturday, Oct. 14, and Sunday, Oct. 15., (808) 768-5400, blaisdellcenter.com
October 29
Kids Fest
× Expand Photo: Courtesy of Hawai‘i Pacific Health
Get snacks, jump through obstacle courses, try hands-on fitness activities and enter to win a bicycle or helmet at Hawai‘i Pacific Health's free annual event. Make sure to leave enough time to visit the Bishop Museum. Admission will be waived for festival families.
Bishop Museum, All ages, Sunday, Oct. 29,10 a.m. to 2 p.m., (808) 522-3469, hawaiipacifichealth.org
Halloween Fun!
ALL AGES
October 7 (Start Date)
Fall Harvest Festival
Pick pumpkins, shop in the country market and take a hay ride at this annual celebration on O‘ahu's Windward Side.
Waimānalo Country Farms, Weekends, Oct. 7 through Oct. 29, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., (808) 306-4381, waimanalocountryfarms.com
October 14 (Start Date)
17th Annual Pumpkin Festival
Pick pumpkins, sweet corn, beans and sunflowers, then go for a free hayride or saddle up for a pony ride at this working farm in Kapolei.
Aloun Farms, Weekends, Oct. 14 through Oct. 29, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., (808) 677-9516, alounfarms.com
October 21
The Great Pumpkin Festival
× Expand Photo: Courtesy of Holy Nativity School
Pick your favorite from more than 2,500 locally grown pumpkins at the largest patch in East O‘ahu, then create arts and crafts, play games and shop in the country store.
Holy Nativity School, Saturday, Oct. 21, 10 a.m.to 4 p.m., (808) 373-3232, holynativityschool.org
October 28
Kāhala Mall Costume Contest
Prizes will be given in eight categories, including infants, family/group, and various age groups. Kids can start lining up at 5:30 p.m.
Kāhala Mall, Saturday, Oct. 28. Judging at 6 p.m., kahalamallcenter.com
October 31
Trick or Treating
Kāhala Mall
5:30 to 7 p.m.
Ka Makana Ali‘i
5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
Koko Marina Center
5 to 7 p.m.
Mililani Shopping Center
5 to 7 p.m.
Windward Mall
5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
Find even more events, trick-or-treat spots and spooky snack and craft ideas when our Halloween Corner goes live on Oct. 2!
WHITE dwarfs may be dying, but their light could be just right to sustain life as we know it. That could make habitable planets even more common than we think.
Many planet-hunting missions have focused on finding rocky exoplanets around sun-like stars, based on the notion that an exact Earth twin would be a prime breeding ground for alien life.
White dwarfs, by contrast, would seem unlikely hosts. These smouldering cores form when stars around the same mass as our sun reach the end of their lives. First the stars balloon to red giants, then they shed their outer gas layers and leave behind dim, ultradense orbs not much larger than Earth itself.
Still, previous work suggested that the stellar corpses could maintain habitable zones, regions where liquid water can exist on a planet's surface, for more than 8 billion years. As our own solar system is 4.5 billion years old, a habitable world around a white dwarf should have plenty of time to give rise to some form of life.
Advertisement
Now a new study shows that an Earth-like planet in a white dwarf's habitable zone would get light at the right wavelengths to sustain photosynthesis. Crucially, such a world would not get too much damaging ultraviolet radiation, which can stop life in its tracks.
A planet orbiting a white dwarf would get the right wavelengths of light to sustain photosynthesis
Luca Fossati at the Open University in the UK and their colleagues started by assuming that this hypothetical planet has an atmosphere similar to Earth's.
By simulating the conditions created by a white dwarf, the team calculated the amount of starlight that would reach the planet's surface. They then compared the results with the wavelengths of light DNA absorbs, particularly UV waves known to damage DNA.
The researchers found that the planet would get just 1.65 times as much UV light as Earth does (arxiv.org/abs/1207.6210). “The dose is remarkably benign from an astrobiological perspective,” says Fossati.
For the optical wavelengths that play roles in photosynthesis, the team found conditions almost identical to those on Earth.
Planets surrounding red dwarf stars have also been proposed as alternative sites for life, says Fossati, in part because these small, cool stars are the most common in our galaxy. But they can experience intense stellar activity, including flares of radiation bigger than the ones that affect Earth. White dwarfs are less temperamental, and would provide life with a more stable home, says Fossati.
“The team's evaluation of habitable planets at white dwarfs is an excellent way to smash preconceptions about these systems,” says Jay Farihi at the University of Leicester in the UK.
One lingering question is how an Earth-sized planet would come to be in the right orbit around a white dwarf star. In our solar system, the sun will expand into a red giant in about 5 billion years' time, and astronomers think it will pulverise everything well past Earth's orbit before it shrinks back down into a white dwarf.
While what look like planetary remnants have been seen around white dwarfs, no intact planets have been found so far. “That's the most tricky bit,” says Fossati. “We don't yet know if a full planet could survive.”
Finding a ‘Blue Marble' Starlight could tell us even more about an exoplanet once the world has been spotted. A new technique shows how analysing light reflected off an alien world can give us a glimpse of its surface conditions, with clear distinctions between clouds, continents and oceans, just like the “Blue Marble” image of Earth seen from space. Hajime Kawahara at Tokyo Metropolitan University and Yuka Fujii at the University of Tokyo in Japan used data from the Earth-orbiting Terra satellite to model the annual variation in light reflected from our planet. The pair then used this to create 2D maps of the light from hypothetical Earth-like planets with varying surface features. These maps can be compared with the light variations of real exoplanets to figure out the kinds of habitats they might hold (The Astrophysical Journal, DOI: 10.1088/0004-637X/755/2/101). At first a nearby rocky planet might just look like a pale blue dot, says Kawahara. “By looking at that dot over time, our method can retrieve an image more like the Blue Marble,” they say. The method could also reveal whether plants are growing on the distant worlds by revealing something called “red edge”, says Fujii. This abrupt jump in the amount of light near the red end of the spectrum is a distinctive feature of vegetation on Earth. Although current telescopes can't distinguish the light of small, rocky worlds from the glare of the host stars, proposed missions such as the Occulting Ozone Observatory might soon be able to use this technique.
Black Activists Are Angry, Edited Video Surfaced Depicting “Single Narrative” of Student Protest
In Olympia, Washington a video captured at Evergreen State College is causing a great deal of commotion. Black activists are outraged who argued the video has been stolen and deceitfully edited. The video displays these students accusing administration of discrimination and not listening to their demands. Activists noted the video among their list of demands, saying, “We demand that the video created for Day of Absence and Day of Presence that was stolen by white supremacists and edited to expose and ridicule the students and staff be taken down by the administration by this Friday.” Students were also upset telling social media that police had responded too aggressively to their peaceful protests.
The situation derived from a professor objecting to a Day of Absence demand activists made that would keep all whites off campus as racial issues are discussed. Activists responded to this objection demanding the professor be fired. Bret Weinstein, a professor of biology, wrote, “On a college campus, one's right to speak — or to be — must never be based on skin color.”
President George Bridges responded to the demands stating that the attorney general's office had been consulted and “the most likely course of action requires an investigation. We commit to launching an extensive forensic investigation of the theft of this video and to determining who stole it from the student. If that investigation yields a suspect, we will seek criminal charges against the individual in consultation with the attorney general.”
Protests such as the one held at Evergeen have gotten so out of hand that CNN host, Freeda Zakaria scolded liberals for what they stated was an act of closed minded-ness and intolerance to conservative ideas and voices.
Here is a partial statement from the board's response:
We are deeply committed to ensuring that Evergreen provides a civil, safe campus environment for all. During the last week, the conduct of a small percentage of Evergreen's community members exhibited unacceptable behavior that is completely contrary to Evergreen's values. Although almost all students continued to attend classes and receive the extraordinary education that Evergreen delivers, the lack of tolerance and respect displayed by a few during these recent events and disruptions is indefensible. Freedom of speech, civil discourse and open debate has been a cornerstone of our country's history — and Evergreen's history. In difficult times, these pillars become even more significant. Intellectual inquiry, freedom of expression, tolerance and inclusiveness are core tenets of Evergreen's philosophy and approach to education. Anyone who prevents Evergreen from delivering a positive and productive learning environment for all students has, and will continue to be held accountable for their actions and face appropriate consequences.
Cops: Three children hid in closet during home-invasion burglary
The three children — a 15-year-old boy, a 13-year-old girl and a 6-year-old girl — were home alone when the burglary suspects showed up at about 9:30 a.m. Wednesday.
Three teenage boys were arrested after a home-invasion burglary of a Sanford home while three children were inside, police say.
The children heard a knock on the front door of their house on Fairfield Drive but didn't answer. They told police the suspects then walked to the back of the house and smashed a sliding-glass door to enter the home.
The three suspects were not much older than the victims, records show. The oldest was a 17-year-old boy. One other suspect was 16 and the third turned 15 the day of the burglary.
The Orlando Sentinel is not naming the suspects because they are minors. At least one of the suspects was wearing a mask during the burglary, jail records show.
The 15-year-old victim rushed to hide inside a closet with their two younger sisters, police said. From there, they called 911 for help.
The children told investigators they could hear the voices of the three suspects talking inside their home. They were not injured.
One suspect was arrested just outside the door as they tried to flee the home. The other two initially escaped and ran into the woods near the subdivision but were soon arrested as well.
Police captured video of the suspects fleeing the home and running in the woods.
According to jail records, the boys stole more than $300 in property from the home. They also caused more than $1,000 in property damage when they shattered the sliding glass door, police estimated.
They face a slew of charges including unarmed burglary of a structure with a person inside, property damage, grand theft, possession of burglary tools with intent to use them and wearing a mask or hood while committing a second-degree felony.
The 17-year-old suspect remained in the Seminole County Jail Thursday.
dstennett@tribune.com or 407-420-5447 or @desi_stennett on Twitter.
At the start of last year, I was in a tight spot.
I'm a freelance writer, and my steady flow of work had slowed down and dried up. In February 2014, I made just over $7,000. In February 2015, however, I made just under $2,000. That's a 70% pay cut when compared to the previous year's earnings.
With my income declining rapidly to the point at which it was well below my cost of living — one of the tricky aspects of living in Tokyo is that it's one of the most expensive cities to live in — I was forced to take action.
I did what most freelancers did: I sent out email after email to my old clients.
The results were weak, one small project and a one-off gig.
So I decided to try something a little different and turned my shortage of work into an interesting marketing experiment.
From my own experience, and speaking with other freelancers, it seems like the typical freelancer's response to a shortage of work plays out like this:
After a few weeks without a project, begin to worry, and start contacting old clients. If that doesn't work, start sending out cold email after cold email to new prospects. If there's no response, go for low-budget jobs on sites like Upwork or Freelancer.com. Panic. Offer a huge discount to the prospects you meet, trapping yourself in the low-pay/low-reward freelance cycle that so many talented people end up being stuck in.
Basic analysis of this strategy shows that it doesn't work. I know because I've experienced it myself, as have many of my friends who also freelance for a living. The truth is that low rates don't sell. At least not with the type of awesome, high-quality clients you want.
A far stronger approach to getting more work and increasing your income is to focus on getting high-quality clients by selling to them really, really well.
It's the “more wood behind fewer arrows” approach. Market your service to fewer prospective clients, but put much more effort into each one of them. I learned this concept from entrepreneur and business-growth advisor Bryan Harris (founder of Videofruit) who used it to market their video creation service to tech companies. The main idea is to offer so much value that it's impossible for any prospective client to ignore you.
Sending Out Handwritten Letters
Here's what I did to get my freelancing business going again.
Instead of sending cold emails, which are effective in bulk but have a terrible response rate, I snail-mailed handwritten letters to all of the companies I wanted to work with. The letters were mailed to design and digital marketing agencies throughout the U.S.
In total, I sent out just over 100 letters, half of which were hand-addressed, and half of which were written entirely by hand.
All of the letters contained this exact same message:
Hi [person's name],Do you work with freelance writers at [company's name]? I ask because I am a freelance writer from New Zealand and I would love to work with you. I write for big tech companies like [mention one of my previous clients], as well as small to mid-sized agencies. I can write press releases, blog posts, articles, website content, landing pages and more. My content is extremely good and very modestly priced. I understand you're probably suspicious of letters you receive from strangers, so to ease your concerns I would be happy to write a few custom samples for you, free of charge. If you're interested, just send a letter to my return address. Just kidding! You can email me at [my email address]. That's definitely more convenient. Looking forward to working out how I can help you in your role at [company's name]. Best, Nick Gibson
Along with the letter, I also included:
My business card
A page containing testimonials from my existing clients
Samples of my work
To find the right people to contact, I manually went through the Google results for search terms like “digital agency in [some city]” and found the person in charge of content and public relations. I tracked down their LinkedIn profile to check that they were the right person to contact, then wrote the letter and mailed it to them.
Since I was sending the letters from Japan, they were packaged in Japan Post envelopes with a Japanese postage stamp. I'm sure the novelty of receiving a hand-addressed letter from another country was one reason for the campaign's success, since it instantly inspires curiosity.
The Results
All in all, I received 14 responses from the slightly more than 100 letters I sent out. It cost me about $200 to ship out all the letters, so it ended up being roughly $14 per lead.
Of the 14 responses, one made a significant 5-figure order and two others made small 3-figure deals with me. The 5-figure client has grown into one of my most important clients today.
I also followed up over the phone with the clients that didn't respond to the letter. Almost all of them reported that they were amused and surprised about receiving a letter from a writer on the other side of the world, and many said I would be first in line for any extra writing work they had available in the future.
Final Thoughts
As a writer, letters are a great strategy. For designers, I think they're even better. Imagine if you could put your favorite portfolio items right in front of a client on beautiful card paper instead of emailing them a link to your online portfolio or Dribbble account, hoping that they'll click through and browse through your work.
If I were a freelance designer, I would try mailing out pop-up books with website layouts, cards with sample logos and testimonials from happy clients. As a developer, you can use the exact same strategy I did, but mention your previous development work instead of written content.
The point of all this is that sometimes it's better to use “old fashioned” technology to market yourself, especially in an industry like design and development where the vast majority of marketing is done online.
Simply by doing something different, you can stand out in a very good way.
Since I started doing this in early-2015, I've had a steady flow of clients from the letters I've sent out. My rates are back to where they were before, and on occasion even better than before.
If you're ever short on project work and can't get a response with the typical way of cold-emailing prospective clients, give handwritten letters a try. It's old fashioned, it's unique, and it's exactly what you need to do to get the attention of great clients and give your freelance business the push it needs.
Nick Gibson is a freelance writer who specializes in writing content for tech companies and marketing agencies. Originally from New Zealand, he's currently based in Japan. Contact Nick through their website: njgibson.com.
Read Next
Aggressive Expansion: 8 Tips for Finding More Clients Now
5 Pricing Tips to Earn More on Client Projects
7 Ways to Get More Referrals for Your Web Design Business
5 Tips for Making More Money as a Freelance Designer
As Disobedient Media reported yesterday, documents leaked online appeared to show that French Presidential Candidate Emmanuel Macron entered into an operating agreement for a Limited Liability Company (LLC) in the Caribbean island of Nevis, and that the company may have had a business relationship with a bank which has been previously involved in tax evasion cases in the Cayman Islands.
The anonymously released PDF files purported to show corporate records of a company named La Providence LLC apparently created by Mr. Macron in Nevis, a noted offshore tax haven. La Providence is the name of Mr. Macron's high school in their hometown of Amiens.
In April, Macron denied that they were concealing assets, hiding offshore accounts or inheritances from French authorities, even as their opponent Francois Fillion became mired in similar allegations. Le Lab cited Mr. Macron as saying that information about any alleged concealed income was a false attempt to discredit their candidacy.
If confirmed as authentic, the documents would prove these claims to be untrue and provide important clues as to where the hidden funds might be located. Since the time of the original report, the documents have gained a large amount of attention in France, which is gearing up for the second round of its presidential election this weekend.
The Wall Street Journal has reported that officials from the Financial Services Regulatory Commission of Nevis have since denied that any company by the name of La Providence was ever registered on the island, despite the fact that the Nevis Confidential Relationship Act prohibits the disclosure of this kind of information and guarantees the secrecy and privacy of offshore LLCs and their owners.
French prosecutors described the leak as “a suspected attempt to tar presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron” and have opened a probe into the origin of the leaks after Mr. Macron filed a complaint. Disobedient Media has been contacted by French authorities for information due to its report highlighting the documents' release.
Macron has strenuously denied the authenticity of the leaks, telling France Inter radio “I have never had accounts in any tax havens whatsoever, firstly because it is not in my nature and secondly because I have always wanted to return to the public domain.” Their team has further alleged that the news was being disseminated by an “obviously Russian” network, without providing any proof of this contention.
The claims of Russian meddling mirror similar accusations from 2016 presidential candidate Hillary Clinton that Russia intervened in American elections, despite statements from former CIA Director Michael Morell, James Clapper and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence all stating that such claims may not be true.
Share this: Tweet
Print
More
The number of people being imprisoned for non-payment of fines has risen to record levels in spite of Government commitments to end the practice.
Almost 7,000 people were committed to prison for non-payment of fines up to the end of November and a further 29 people were jailed for failing to pay civil debts. Last year, 6,683 people were imprisoned for not paying fines, while in 2008 the figure was just 2,500.
The programme for government promised to end the practice of imprisoning people who cannot pay fines and debts. The Fine Gael manifesto made the same commitment. Labour promised jailing would be a penalty of last resort for non-violent offenders.
According to Minister for Justice Alan Shatter, the number of non-payers of fines held in custody at any one time is a minute fraction of the overall prison population. On the last day of November, for example, 20 prisoners, or 0.5 per cent of the prison population, were behind bars for this reason, they told Independent TD Michael Healy-Rae.
The programme for government also promised full implementation of the Fine Act 2010, which includes measures to minimise the level of default on fines and to ensure that defaulters are not committed to prison.
It requires a court to consider the financial circumstances of a person before the amount of the fine is determined.
Mr Shatter said they intended to commence with other provisions in the Act in 2012. These allow for payment of fines by instalment, the appointment of receivers to recover outstanding fines or property to the same value, and the substitution of community service orders for unpaid fines.
“I expect that these measures, taken together, will all but eliminate the need to commit persons to prison for non-payment of fines,” Mr Shatter said.
At least 15 Opposition TDs who are campaigning against the new household charge say they are prepared to go to jail for non-payment of the charge, for which fines of up to €2,500 can be imposed. However, Mr Shatter also intends to introduce a system which takes money from wages or social welfare by “attachment order” to pay off a fine over time, as an alternative to imprisonment.
Remember the days when motorcycles made it onto the cover of magazines like Sports Illustrated? Riding bikes was something that real men and movie stars did. And as we're relentlessly reminded these days, there was no greater star than Steve McQueen.
McQueen's unusual prowess on anything fueled by gasoline is well-documented. So it's interesting to see this motorcycle from their own collection—a 1970 Husqvarna 400 Cross.
Under the influence of Bud Ekins, McQueen usually rode Triumphs in the 1960s. But when Husqvarna appeared in the States, McQueen found another favorite, and famously rode a Husky in the 1971 film On Any Sunday. (Now remastered and reissued and available on DVD from Amazon.)
The 400 Cross was pretty, but it also had serious competition credentials. The lusty 395cc two-stroke single was matched to a lightweight chassis and excellent suspension, and was ridden to victory in the 1971 Baja 1000 by Malcolm Smith and Gunnar Nilsson.
The Steve McQueen motorcycle went under the hammer at Bonhams' annual Las Vegas Motorcycle Auction in January 2013. We're told that it was supplied with ‘a large number of documents supporting its provenance and authenticity.'
If you fancy putting a little McQueen magic in your own garage, at a slightly lower cost, check out the stunning Steve McQueen Métisse Desert Racer now in limited production.
Photography by Matt Stone.
SAUKVILLE, Wis. - A Wisconsin woman is facing charges after their 9-year-old son was tied to the roof of their minivan to help hold down a plastic pool.
Prosecutors allege 28-year-old Amber Schmunk had their son hold down the molded pool they'd just purchased because it wouldn't fit inside the van. WISN-TV reports a witness called police after seeing the incident on Sept. 9 in Saukville, about 20 miles north of Milwaukee.
Police documents allege Schmunk told an officer they thought it was OK because their father allowed them to do similar things when they were young.
Schmunk is charged with recklessly endangering safety, which is a felony. She's due in Ozaukee County Circuit Court on Nov. 11.
Court records don't list an attorney who could speak on their behalf.
New Delhi: Three Indian sympathisers of ISIS, who were allegedly on a mission to carry out terror attack in India and some other countries, were deported here from the United Arab Emirates.
Adnan Hussain, Mohammad Farhan, Sheikh Azhar Al Islam were deported and were detained by the NIA upon their arrival in the IGI airport last night, official sources said.
They belong to Maharashtra, Karnataka and Jammu and Kashmir.
The trio along with their other unknown associates were allegedly involved in a conspiracy to identify, motivate, radicalise, recruit and train Indian citizens in India and other countries for planning and executing terrorist attacks in India and in other friendly countries, the sources said.
The youths are believed to be members of the Abu Dhabi module of the ISIS.
The NIA, after registering a case, is questioning the suspects and a formal arrest is expected soon.
On September 15, 2015, the UAE had deported four Indians suspected to have links with ISIS.
The UAE had also sent back last year a 37-year-old woman Afsha Jabeen alias Nicky Joseph who was allegedly involving in recruiting youths for ISIS.
In January 2015, Salman Mohiuddin of Hyderabad was arrested when they were preparing to board a flight to Dubai on way to Syria via Turkey.
According to Indian intelligence agencies, a total of 23 Indians have so far joined the ISIS of whom six were reportedly killed in different incidents in Iraq-Syria.
Among the 23 are two absconding members of the banned Indian Mujahideen who had gone from their hideouts in Pakistan.
The dead were identified as Athif Vaseem Mohammad (Adilabad, Telangana), Mohammad Umar Subhan (Bengaluru), Maulana Abdul Kadir Sultan Armar (Bhatkal, Karnataka), Saheem Farooque Tanki (Thane), Faiz Masood (Bengaluru) and Mohammad Sajid alias Bada Sajid (Azamgarh, Uttar Pradesh).
Around 150 Indians are under surveillance for their alleged online links with ISIS.
As many as 30 other Indians, who were radicalised by ISIS elements, were prevented from travelling to the conflict zone in the Middle-East.
Among those who are currently fighting for ISIS include two youths from Kalyan in the outskirts of Mumbai, an Australia-based Kashmiri, one youth from Telangana, one from Karnataka, one Oman-based Indian and another Singapore-based Indian.
A lone reindeer emerges from the forest, prompting the Sami herders to bring their snowmobiles to a stop in the middle of a clearing. All three are bundled in sheepskin hats and wool capes, called luhka, against the chill wind of a late-January morning in the Norwegian Arctic.
View Images ROSEMARY WARDLEY, NG STAFF
SOURCE: LARS-ANDERS BAER, SAMI PARLIAMENT, SWEDEN
Johann Anders Oskal scans the snowy hills with binoculars, on the lookout for stragglers from the herd, while their younger brother Danel shovels food pellets from a sled. Their cousin, Aslak Tore Eira, hops back on their snowmobile to round up animals as they trot into the clearing. Within moments, dozens of reindeer gather for a mid-winter snack, their antlers silhouetted against white mountain slopes and a twilight-blue sky.
“The animals are looking good,” Danel Oskal says as they toss another shovelful of feed onto the fresh snow. “They're healthy.”
After an unusually warm autumn brought forth clouds of biting insects that relentlessly pursued their reindeer, the early weeks of 2016 have been a herder's dream. Light, powdery snow blanketed the undulating hills and mountains that make up the Oskal family's winter grazing grounds in central Troms County, a few hours' inland drive from the Norwegian Sea coast. The dry snow makes it easy for the family's 2,000 reindeer to reach nutritious grasses and lichens buried beneath the surface.
View Images Aslak Tore Eira is a Sami reindeer herder in Troms County, Norway. Of the estimated 100,000 Sami spread out across northern Norway, Sweden, Finland, and Russia's Kola Peninsula, only about 10,000 still herd reindeer for a living. Photograph by Scott Wallace
The daily feeding runs into the backcountry serve not only to bolster the animals' winter diet. They also discourage the semi-domesticated reindeer from straying too far into the woods, where bobcats, lynx and wolverines lurk. “One lynx can kill up to 100 reindeer in a year,” says Johann, who then describes a particularly violent lynx attack on a doe as they were giving birth.
Death by a Thousand Cuts?
Troms County is a sprawling region of broken coastline, labyrinthine fiords, and rugged alpine forests, situated some 700 miles (1,150 km) north of Oslo. This is the heart of Sami country, where Lapp nomads once moved their herds across vast distances to the rhythm of the seasons, oblivious to national borders. Those days are long gone. Of the estimated 100,000 Sami spread out across northern Norway, Sweden, Finland, and Russia's Kola Peninsula, only about 10,000 still herd reindeer for a living. Reindeer meat is an important part of a herder's diet, as well as the sole source of income for some families. For part-time herders, the animals' meat and hides augment their earnings from other sources.
Today, reindeer herders find themselves increasingly boxed in by powerful interests competing for their traditional grazing lands. Dams, roads, live-fire military drills, high-voltage power lines, even green energy projects such as wind farms all have nibbled away at grazing territory. Of particular concern to the Sami leadership are a proposed copper mine in Finnmark County to the north and a windmill park just to the south.
So far, no single project has posed an existential threat to the herding culture of the Sami, Western Europe's only indigenous people who inhabit the Arctic. But the cumulative impacts–a road here, a pipeline there–have reduced Norway's undisturbed reindeer habitat by 70 percent in the past century and reshaped the way reindeer herding is done.
Technology a Double-Edged Sword
Technology is a double-edged sword for the Sami. On the one hand, it provides herders with the comforts of modern life–warm houses, GPS collars and smartphone apps to track their animals, snowmobiles and ATVs to round them up. On the other, the steady encroachment of industrial infrastructure has reduced their range and freedom of movement, requiring them to move herds by truck and boat between summer and winter pastures. It's an expensive undertaking, and herders receive just a one-time payout to compensate losses when courts override their objections and approve large-scale projects.
Walking With Reindeer Photographer Erika Larsen takes you into the world of the Sami reindeer herders.
As Norway, one of the world's wealthiest countries per capita, pushes forward with plans to extract more resources and build more industry in the Arctic, Sami leaders fear their languages and culture, largely sustained by herding families, will be sacrificed to produce wealth for the larger society.
“As all traditional livelihoods of the Sami are nature-based, all activities that disrupt that way of life will be a challenge,” says Aili Keskitalo, the first woman president of the Sami Parliament, which represents indigenous interests before government and industry, though it has no say in final decisions. “We are used to having to adapt. But we cannot adapt ourselves to death.”
Keskitalo said the proposed Kalvvatnan wind farm and associated power lines in Nordland County will severely impact the summer grazing lands of a core group of reindeer herders who still speak South Sami, one of five Uralic languages traditionally spoken by the Sami that are listed by UNESCO as endangered. The wind farm is still under judicial review. A final decision is expected later this year.
View Images Johann Anders Oskal (on right) and their brother Danel (on left) worry that their traditional grounds for grazing reindeer are threatened by development projects in Norway. Photograph by Scott Wallace
The Norwegian government says it's sensitive to Sami concerns, but warns that to meet its ambitious targets for renewable energy, more hydroelectric and wind power projects will be built.
Such projects often have an impact on reindeer herding, as well as on biological diversity and wilderness landscapes, Minister of Petroleum and Energy Tord Lien acknowledged. In a statement provided by the ministry, Lien said that “thorough discussions with all affected parties are of great importance in the licensing process for applications” of renewable energy projects.
Finnmark County's proposed Nussir mine holds a potential of 66 million tons of copper ore and lesser amounts of silver and gold. The government green-lighted the project after the company agreed to dump waste tailings into a nearby fjord, rather than into open pits on land. That was meant to minimize the loss of reindeer habitat, but dumping the waste at sea could affect small-scale fishermen, who are also Sami.
View Images Sami herders tend to their reindeer in their winter grazing grounds in Troms County. Photograph by Scott Wallace
“It will still impact the reindeer herders, though not as much,” says Oyvind Ravna, a law professor at University of Tromso and legal expert in indigenous affairs. “Now it will be much more of a challenge for the local fishermen. So they just moved the problem from one place to another.”
Gunfire Across the Tundra
The Oskal brothers and their cousin Aslak have been locked in a long-running battle over land and grazing rights with the Norwegian Armed Forces. Since the Cold War, soldiers have been training here for a possible Russian thrust across the top of Scandinavia. The crackle of gunfire echoes across the hills on a daily basis as troops in white winter camouflage stage exercises in Arctic warfare within earshot of the reindeer. The drills often force the three herders to take circuitous routes through the forests to stay safe while tending to their animals.
“These are the guys who are going to protect us from the Russians,” Johann Oskal darkly jokes as a caravan of snowmobiles bearing soldiers in helmets and winter jumpsuits zooms past. For the Oskal family, the presence of Norwegian troops represents a more immediate challenge to their livelihoods than a Russian invasion that may never come.
View Images Troms County is a sprawling region some 700 miles (1,150 km) north of Oslo. This is the heart of Sami country, where Lapp nomads once moved their reindeer herds across vast distances to the rhythm of the seasons, oblivious to national borders. Those days are long gone. Photograph by Scott Wallace
Like other indigenous reindeer herders in Norway, the Oskals enjoy the right to use their traditional lands for grazing animals but the land belongs to the government. The case dragged on for 20 years before the court ruled that military expansion could proceed with the Oskal's receiving a cash payment.
The Norwegian military has settled four such cases with reindeer herders since 1990, according to Maj. Vegard Finberg, spokesperson for the Ministry of Defense. In one case, the herders were forced off the land for good. In the other three, the Sami were awarded compensation. “The main intention,” says Maj. Finberg, “has been to secure the interests for reindeer husbandry co-existing with the Norwegian Armed Forces.”
“We got compensated,” Johann Oskal acknowledges, warming their hands by the fire in a hut on a hilltop deep in the forest. “But you can't really compensate for the land. It's gone forever.”
Nicholas Tyler, a wildlife biologist at the University of Tromso, says that such compromises will diminish the reindeer herding culture. “The problem is that you're compromising on a downhill slope,” they say. “It's the cumulative effect of all the encroachments that is eroding the basis for reindeer husbandry.”
Danel Oskal stirs the ashes of the fire, their face aglow in its flickering light. They pull a Bowie knife from a sheath and carves pieces of dried reindeer meat off a bone. More and more, they say, they find themselves thinking about their infant daughter and what life will be like when they are grown.
Gov. Rick Perry speaks during a news conference, Wednesday, Oct. 31, 2012, at Lone Star Circle of Care Center in Georgetown, Texas. Perry and Health and Human Service Commissioner Kyle Janek announced that the state is ready to begin a state-funded Women's Health Program that will provide preventative health services to low-income women. (AP Photo/Statesman.com, Ralph Barrera) MAGS OUT; NO SALES; INTERNET AND TV MUST CREDIT PHOTOGRAPHER AND STATESMAN.COM
A district judge ruled on Monday that Texas can legally cut Planned Parenthood out of its new state-funded health program for women, which launches on Tuesday.
The Texas Women's Health Program, which provides basic health care and family planning services to low-income women, previously received about 90 percent of its $35 million annual funding from the federal government. When state legislators voted to cut Planned Parenthood out of the program because some of its affiliates provide abortions, the Department of Health and Human Services warned the state that if it broke federal Medicaid rules by discriminating against a qualified provider, it would no longer receive federal funding for the program. Instead of reinstating Planned Parenthood funding, Gov. Rick Perry (R) decided to start a new women's health program funded entirely by the state so that it could continue to exclude Planned Parenthood from the program.
Planned Parenthood currently serves about half of the 130,000 women in the Women's Health Program, and none of the Planned Parenthood clinics that participate in the program offer abortions. Attorneys for the family planning provider filed for a temporary restraining order against the new rules so that it could continue to serve women through the program until a final court ruling is issued in January.
Visiting Judge Gary Harger denied that request on Monday, ruling that Texas's state-funded program can immediately exclude any contractor that is affiliated with an abortion provider.
"We are pleased the court rejected Planned Parenthood's latest attempt to skirt state law," Lauren Bean, a spokesperson for Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott, said in a statement. "The Texas Attorney General's office will continue to defend the Texas Legislature's decision to prohibit abortion providers and their affiliates from receiving taxpayer dollars through the Women's Health Program."
Planned Parenthood of Greater Texas plans to remain open, despite the funding setback. But many low-income women who participate in the Women's Health Program will have to find a different provider as soon as Tuesday.
MY DAWN OF THE DEAD ALTERNATIVE ENDING PAGE
The alternative ending to "Dawn of the Dead" is known by many people as the "suicide" ending, cause the last survivours kill them selfs.
The alternative ending is more dark and creepy with a touch of "Day of the Dead" in it.What I mean by that it is unhappy and not as fun to watch.
The Originally Scripted Ending (From the Final Shooting Script)
Peter slams the door. They speak quietly.
PETER
Go on...You get out of here.
FRAN
Peter...
PETER
I said...get out of here.
From the firestair, we hear the sudden yelping of the puppy as it falls victim to the creatures. The sound echoes through the barren spaces of the storage area.
FRAN
Oh, Jesus, Peter...Please...
PETER
I don't want to go...I really don't... You know that? I really don't.
Suddenly, the door flies open and the creatures lumber into the living space. Peter stares at them. They smile slightly. The creatures advance, led by Stephen.
Fran starts to scream.
FRAN
Stephen...Stephen...
They make a slight move for their lover, but Peter raises their super-gun and shoots the zombie through the head.
As Stephen falls, Fran comes up short. The act startles them into awareness. Peter faces them as the creatures come up behind him.
PETER
Move, woman!
Fran grabs the sacks and climbs the ladder to the roof.
The creatures advance on Peter. They back away, trying to lead them from the skylight. They crash through the living space, upsetting the carefully planned room.
On the roof, Fran desperately starts the helicopter engine.
Peter backs into the storage room, slamming the door. The creatures approach the door and the super-gun roars one last time. The zombies push through the door and move in for their feast.
Several zombies manage to scramble up the skylight to the roof.
Fran stares, transfixed. The blades roar up to full speed.
The creatures advance toward the machine.
Fran steps out onto the running board, the creatures very close now. They crouch, watching for a moment, then looks up at the spinning blades.
They stand straight up, driving their head into the spinning blades.
A headless form falls to the roof. The zombies advance.
In a wide shot, silhouetted against the dawn sky, we see the creatures huddled under the chopper blades, feasting on their last victim.
The credits crawl up.
Just as the credits end...
the engine of the helicopter sputters...
and dies.
"This tells us that even if they had not commited suicide they were still bound to die. Romero scrapped this ending because they 'liked the characters too much'. Although Romero is sure that they never shot this scene, Tom Savini is sure they did shoot it and it is lying around somewhere (right where's that map to Pittsburgh!!). Im not sure what to believe because Romero would never forget something like that but then again Savini would never hallucinate something like that either! One Rumour was that the scene was lost in a warehouse flood incident. All I know for sure is that if anyone actually has that ending now, then it is worth a lot of money, Im sure millions of Dawn fans would pay thousands for the orginal ending to dawn in 16mm film format!!!"
Article courtesy of Gaz Murfin
"I read somewhere (I think on Norm England's site) that there were originally some three hours of film for Dawn, and an alternate ending where both Fran and Peter commit suicide."
"Though I do not want to see there characters die at the end of the movie, I'd like to see some of that missing footage, maybe an extra long video release with the suicide scenes added after the end of the movie."
"I especially want to see George and Christine Romero as Santa and Elf running around the mall blasting zombies."
"Now that would be cool."
Article courtesy of Mark Stewart
"From what I've gathered from several sources, the original ending footage did exist, as did the film's trimmings and odd unused scenes. All of it, though, may have been lost when Laurel broke up after the failure of the TV movie, The Langaliers (spelling?). It seems Rubinstien decided to clean house and the reels got tossed the wayside. When I worked with Romero last October I really wanted to ask them about Rubinstien and the fate of the film, but I could see that the moment our conversation touched upon the later Laurel years they seemed to tense up. Didn't want to press him, so I steered clear of that subject."
"As a Dawn fan who has always wanted to see this alternate ending (something I've been hearing about for the past fifteen years or more), I think that it's not likely it will ever turn up. Don May Jr. nearly killed themselves trying to find the footage for inclusion on the Elite deluxe Dawn of the Dead laser set. Sure, it would be cool to see, but at least we have the movie on video, laser and DVD to watch at home at our leisure. I don't want to sound like my seventy-five year old father when he'd tell me about how much snow he'd have to trudge through to get to school each day when they were a kid, but before Dawn was on video I'd drive nearly an hour to see it as a mid-night movie, not getting home until almost 3:30 am. Something I did for nearly four years until it came out. Owning Dawn on laser is a dream by itself. Let's not get greedy."
Article courtesy of Norman England
If George A. Romero would of used this idea I would still like the movie, but not in the same way as I do today. YOUR BUD, -JAWN of the DEAD-
RISE FROM YOUR GRAVES AND LAY TO REST HERE
GO BACK TO MY DAWN OF THE DEAD RULES HOMEPAGE
Miami's Pass D Has Its Swagger Back
By Jim Johnson
SouthernPigskin.com
Follow us at Twitter.com/SouthernPigskin. Become a fan at the SouthernPigskin.com Facebook Page
From Bennie Blades to Ed Reed, all of Miami's legendary championship teams had wild swagger, the likes of which have never been duplicated.
Miami is, inarguably, the coolest college football program of all time.
Rather than settle for a silly ‘M' on its helmet, Miami took the ‘U', as in University of Miami. As in the same ‘U' that basically every school has in its name. It works, though. If anyone else tried to do it, it would be like Dustin trying to rock the Steve Harrington hair. He's just not cool enough. Those schools just aren't Miami.
From Bennie Blades to Ed Reed, all of Miami's legendary championship teams had wild swagger, the likes of which have never been duplicated.
Mark Richt, at ACC Media Days, told Southern Pigskin, “"All the things people call swagger from back in the day, if they were 5-5 and those guys were doing what they were doing nobody would've cared, but if you are winning national championships and kicking people's butts all over the nation then whatever you do becomes swagger. Those guys earned the right to have swagger because they won, not because of anything else in my opinion."
Richt's right -- the dancing and spicy talk and turnover chain are all ancillary to piling up W's.
The ‘Canes are still in pursuit of their first ring since 2001, but they're legitimate contenders again, they're unbeaten, and they've got their swagger back.
For that, they can, in large part, thank their pass defense, and the secondary in particular.
That said, the pass rush deserves some of the credit.
R.J. McIntosh and Kendrick Norton aren't really assets as far as consistently getting after the quarterback, but they have two sacks each. Meanwhile, in a reserve capacity, Anthony Moten has recorded a pressure on over 7% of their pass rushes. They had been in the top five amongst ACC interior defenders, prior to facing Virginia Tech.
On the edge, however, the full cast of contributors is pulling its weight. Trent Harris leads the team with four sacks. Demetrius Jackson and Joe Jackson both have 3.5 sacks of their own. Chad Thomas has added another three on top of that, but is actually second on the team in pressure rate. They only trails Harris, in that respect, but both are in the top six in the conference amongst edge rushers.
It truly is the defensive backfield that makes this team, though. Young, brash, loud, and talented, the group harkens back to a time when Miami's talent was unmatched and made sure you knew it.
After transferring from The Citadel in the offseason, Dee Delaney, the lone senior in the group, has missed the last two games, but was looking great before that. They started the season slowly, perhaps still adjusting to the FBS game, but progressively developed into one of the better corners in the league, prior to their injury.
Conversely, sophomore Malek Young set the world on fire through the first five weeks of the season, allowing a passer rating of 0.0 (not a typo), albeit in a lesser role. They saw an increased workload as a result of their efforts and came back to earth a little bit, whilst remaining amongst the best handful of guys in the conference. He's still averaging one pass defensed per game, putting them 13th in the ACC.
Young has been revelatory, as has junior Michael Jackson. The latter has allowed just 13 receptions on 31 throws into their coverage, with four interceptions, for an allowed passer rating of 29.6. Only Virginia Tech's Greg Stroman has been better in that regard. Their four interceptions are also second in the conference, and their 1.13 passes defensed per game put them eighth.
The fourth cornerback, true first-year student Trajan Bandy, has had to step up in Delaney's stead and has done an admirable job. He's still waiting on their turn to don the turnover chain, but has recorded three pass breakups.
Jackson, Bandy, and Young are all in the top 20 amongst power five cornerbacks in allowed passer rating, as well.
At safety, junior Sheldrick Redwine, a converted cornerback, has been putting their experience in coverage to good use. He's stepped into the slot on 128 passing snaps, allowing 13 catches on 23 throws into their coverage, with no touchdowns allowed and an interception, for an opposing passer rating of 61.1, good for third amongst ACC defensive backs, from the slot. They also added a second interception from a more traditional safety role.
Opposite Redwine, fellow junior Jaquan Johnson has been making their case as the most pleasant surprise in the secondary, despite pretty stiff competition. One of the most sure tackling players in the country, they have played 302 passing snaps and missed just one tackle. Only one player in America has played as many snaps without missing a tackle. To top it off, he's compiled a couple of interceptions and three pass breakups to go along.
Factoring in the depth and versatility, Alabama still probably has the best secondary, and Washington's numbers are off the charts, but beyond that Miami has as good an argument as anyone in college football.
As a unit, the Hurricanes are allowing 5.5 yards per attempt, and a 98.34 opposing passer rating, while picking off 1.63 interceptions per game, and sacking opposing quarterbacks 3.5 times per game, all of which are in the top five nationally. Miami is the only team in the country in the top five of all four of those statistical measure and only Michigan is up there in three of the four.
So, while based only on the secondaries, Alabama and Washington may be ahead of Miami, as an entire pass defense, no one is on par ‘The U'.
Miami's defensive backs never really stopped talking smack, even in the down years. The difference, now, is that the team is winning. Mark Richt was right in that success is what defines the difference between acting foolish and having swagger. They don't just dance anymore, they make money moves.
Lots of other successful teams, though, these days, give out some sort of adornment after turnovers. Lots of great cornerbacks talk trash. Lots of elite safeties dance after big plays. For one reason or another, Miami's just look cooler when they do it.
Only time will tell if ‘The U' is back back, but they're headed in the right direction, and that is, first and foremost, due to the swaggiest, most wild litty, dope-boy-fresh-to-death, turnover chain rocking pass defense in the world residing in the 305.
The future is boring. Technology has solved most of the world's most pressing problems, leaving people with tedious work and mundane play. Jack is a Security Officer Class 5, which sounds important, but isn't. However, their banal life as a cubicle worker by day and tinkerer by night is interrupted when they discover that their employer's computer system has been invaded.
Jack enlists the help of their only friends – their co-worker, Gilles and Adrian, an online friend she's never met – to help them track down the source of the invasion. Them investigation leads them to a shadowy group called the Red, where Jack learns that not everyone lives a life of quiet servitude.
Even though they believe that the Red are responsible for a series of gruesome attacks, Jack begins to become attracted to their worldview. In their search for the people responsible for the attacks, they confront the leaders of the group as well as their own burgeoning sense of self-awareness.
Paperback edition and other books by M. Darusha Wehm are available via the author's website.
Jake Tapper asks Jay Carney a pretty hard question. The penalty for this egregious display of professional journalism follows below.
The LA Times put up a chart that wasn't what the Obama Campaign hoped anyone would consider an earth-shattering piece of analysis. As unemployment has stayed over 8% the past 3 ½ years, family income has fallen. Ricardo Lopez of The LA Times offers us an analysis of the carnage.
American household median annual incomes have fallen 4.8% since the recession ended, from $53,508 in June 2009 — when the recession technically ended — to $50,964 in June of this year, a study found.
Since sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words, here's what Sentier Research shows us on a nice, concise chart.
If This Were A Problem Instead of a Mess We Would Have Already Solved It By Now.
I actually think Mitt Romney explained the situation last night better than any set of charts or mathematical analysis. Here is the problem that besets our fair land.
“President Obama promised to begin to slow the rise of the oceans and heal the planet. MY promise…is to help you and your family.”
When we get right down t it, we can have a president who sees the current state of the American Economy as a problem, or they can see it as a mess. As I blogged about three years ago, the difference is this.
It gets back to the difference between a problem and a mess. A mess can either be convenient to a politician or it can be detrimental. If the public trusts that politician, a mess becomes their friend. First, we all know it can't be solved. Second, we all know it's someone else's fault. Keep the trust of the people, and keep that mess around long enough; and it becomes a reelection campaign theme.
Problems are more ornery. When you admit that something is a problem, and you hold the seat of power, guess who owns the (expletive-deleted)? And furthermore, problems have solutions and leaders are duty-bound to identify, sell and execute those solutions. If I, like Barack Obama, basically had no answer to any question other than “How do I get promoted far beyond my individual merits?” I'd rather inherit George W. Bush's messes – not their problems.
So why, Mr. Carney, is our economy such a mess? I'll take that one, Mr. Tapper. Our President uses it as a mess to provide them with an excuse for their vast and dim-witted ineluctability. They expressed befuddlement over the economy to one of their wisest and most capable advisors, Dr. Christina Romer. ‘I don't get it,' he'd say. ‘We make these large-scale investments in infrastructure. What do you mean there are no jobs?' But the numbers rarely budged.” From then on out, it was just a mess to him.
Again, Mr. Romney explains what Barack Obama has no intention to admit or comprehend. From last night's speech we get the following wisdom.
We weren't always successful at Bain. But no one ever is in the real world of business. That's what this President doesn't seem to understand. Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. They came back and changed the world.
That also brings us to the difference between men who see problems versus men who see messes. Problem-solvers understand that failure offers feedback. Feedback is a gift. Solving a problem is an iterative process. President Romney will try an initial solution; it will partially fail. He'll come back with better-informed plans until one of them gets it done.
At no point in the process will they chew out their analysts and gripe to the public about the messes they inherited. They not only respects Mr. Obama too much to do this, they respect you and himself. Mr. Carney cannot answer for Mr. Obama, because the maximum effective range of an excuse equals zero. And that's about all President Tee-Time has done about messes that soil the fabric of our great yet beleaguered nation.
To many, Indiana is a flyover state full of cornfields, basketball, and, until a few years ago, one half of the Manning brothers. But Midwest beer geeks know that the Hoosier state holds a secret stash of exceptional breweries. These breweries are clustered in three areas: north along Lake Michigan (including the outskirts of Chicago), central around Indianapolis, and throughout the rolling hills of the south.
As with many states, Indiana gives birth to scores of breweries each year. The list below represents the pick of the litter. The first three breweries are Indiana's big guns—these breweries are the largest in the state and represent Indiana well. The last two are smaller, niche breweries that showcase the creativity of smaller Hoosier brewers. Brugge is part of the (relatively) old guard, but takes bold risks with the styles they produce. 18th Street Brewery is the best in class of Indiana's newest breweries and foretells a strong future for Hoosier-state craft beers.
3 Floyds Brewing Company?
Munster, Indiana
Why you should go: 3 Floyds motto, “It's Not Normal,” exemplifies their aggressive, in-your-face brews that consistently top American craft lists. The brewpub, just south of Chicago, is a stop on many a beer geek's bucket list. Here, a snarky wait staff serves up metal music and a meat-oriented menu (recently, they have begun to accommodate vegetarians, but most of their entrees are variations of meat topped with meat, served with a side of meat). The brewpub, although popular, is small, so get there early and expect a wait. Just passing through? Pick up a few bottles from their to-go counter to the left of the pub.
What to try: Dark Lord is the brewery's best known seasonal. Released annually at a one-day event that is both massive and notoriously poorly organized, the beer is worth the effort. Dark Lord is pure sorcery—a cauldron of dark roasts and chewy pit fruits. Missed this year's event? The beer cellars well, so find a geek sitting on a vertical and try one with a couple of years on it. Want something fresher? Zombie Dust is a highly sought after Citra-hopped bomb with bright, tropical notes. Or seek out Gumballhead, named after a Chicago-area graphic novel character. This crisp and assertive ale redefines wheat beers.
Upland Brewing Company
?Bloomington, Indiana
Why you should go: Recognize the name? Upland's brews made frequent cameos on NBC's ? Parks and Recreation. But when visiting Upland, leave the Pawnee jokes at home. Upland actively works to change the way people see its state. The brewery's name references the pre-historic glaciers that flattened Indiana's central and northern regions but left the southern part of the state unscathed. Bloomington and points south are unexpectedly hilly, offering ample hiking and biking. For this reason, Upland calls its corner of the state “The Other Midwest,” promoting an outdoor lifestyle in a midsized college town, even hosting its own cycling team.
What to try: Upland holds lotteries throughout the year for their sour beers—barrel-aged blends or lambics brewed with fruits like persimmon or kiwi. The beers are tart and not for the uninitiated, but compete with some of the best sours on the market. Want to pucker up to something different? Try Teddy Bear Kisses, a chocolaty Imperial Stout to snuggle up with on a cold night. Or try one of their core offerings—Dragonfly IPA is a solid, go-to version of a Midwest IPA.
Sun King Brewery
Indianapolis, Indiana
Why you should go: Sun King opened in 2009 with the goal of becoming Indianapolis' brewery. Six years later, the brewery dominates the entire state. Co-owners Clay Robinson and Dave Colt, with the help of three other partners, started the independent brewery after years of brewing recipes for a multi-state chain establishment. Today, they have maxed out capacity and are building an additional production facility. Sun King only distributes in Indiana, but made national news in 2014 with their “legally required food menu.” The menu, which includes a $10 Hot Pocket and a glass of $5 Rehydrated Condensed Milk, is a response to a state regulation requiring food service in Indiana taprooms.
What to try: Sunlight Cream Ale, the brewery's flagship beer, is an approachable, easy-to-drink brew for those new to craft or those who relish well-made versions of nearly extinct styles. Osiris, another core beer, is a sessionable but aggressively hopped pale ale at the other end of the spectrum. Want something more colorful? Visit the taproom and ask for the King's Reserve Series. These limited release beers highlight the best in brewing (and in beer names), with gems like Cherry Busey or Stupid Sexy Flanders.
Brugge Brasserie
Indianapolis, Indiana
Why you should go: Brugge Brasserie is unlike any brewery in the state—and possibly any brewery outside of Belgium. The gastropub adds a Belgian-inspired note to the hip Broad Ripple area, home to three other breweries: Broad Ripple Brewpub, Triton and Thr3e Wise Men. At Brugge, the food is as much a celebration as the beer. Start with a medley of locally made charcuteries and imported cheeses. Then, order the moules-frites, which come with 2 pounds of Prince Edward Island mussels and a cone of thick-cut fries. Try the mussels in a classic Belgian broth, or go bold, with flavors like citron, red curry, or blue cheese.
What to try: Start with Pooka. Brugge makes the oddly named sour with boysenberries, giving it a beautiful pink hue. Tart and refreshing, Pooka's acidic bite cuts through fatty pâtés or salames, complementing the flavors of each. Pair your mussels with Tripel de Ripple, a 10% ABV Belgian-style tripel named after the brewery's ‘hood. Still thirsty? Try one of the selections from Outliers Brewery (Ted Miller owns both Brugge and Outliers). Outlier beers offer more traditional American craft styles that pair well with fries.
18th Street Brewery
Gary, Indiana
Why you should go: 18th Street Brewery is an upstart story that exemplifies the new crop of breweries challenging the established order. Brewer Drew Fox began as a homebrewer, made friends at Chicago-based Pipeworks and Spiteful breweries, and then, brewing on others' equipment, established their own gypsy label. After a successful Kickstarter campaign, Fox built their own brick-and-mortar brewery in Gary, Indiana. Within a few weeks of opening, Fox garnered Ratebeer.com's coveted #1 New Brewer in Indiana for 2013. Two years later, the brewer hosted a Barrel Massacre event to rival 3 Floyds Dark Lord Day and is building a larger production facility to double production.
What to try: Sinister Double IPA picked up Ratebeer.com's award for Best Beer in Indiana last year. This 9% ABV bomb uses Falconers Flight, Zythos and Cascade hops to create a nose exploding with mango and pineapple. However, it is 18th Street's sweet stout, Hunter, which is making the brewery famous. Like a classical composer, Fox continually develops variations on the Hunter theme. Look for barrel-aged versions infused with exotic flavors like cherries, coconut, coffee, or orange.
BRANDON – Jayce Hawryluk isn't afraid of the big stage.
The Roblin product has made a habit of delivering big hits and big goals since joining the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western Hockey League in the fall of 2012.
But Hawryluk may have produced the biggest goal of their career on Saturday night, when their attempted pass went in off the right pad of goalie Landon Bow to give the Wheat Kings a 3-2 overtime victory that put them up 2-0 in the WHL final, which resumes in Washington against the Seattle Thunderbirds on Tuesday.
That the marker snapped a 12-game drought for Hawryluk was merely a bonus, since they had been making a difference in other ways during these playoffs, primarily by throwing their weight around.
“Part of my game is being physical and it's something I'm not going to stop doing, whether I'm scoring or not scoring,” said Hawryluk, who has three goals and 22 points in 18 playoff games after leading the Wheat Kings with 106 points in 58 games this season. “I just wasn't getting as many bounces as I usually was. Now that this one has gone in, hopefully it's going to lead to more.
“We're just focused on winning right now. We don't care who scores.”
It's been a banner season for Hawryluk, but not without its challenges – especially after being cut from Canada's world junior team in December.
Hawryluk was coming off an injury going into that camp in Finland, but that didn't make it any easier to swallow.
“Whenever you get cut from something or you don't make a team, it's heartbreaking,” said Hawryluk, who has found great chemistry playing on a line with Nolan Patrick and Tyler Coulter. “It was my dream goal to make that team and play in the world junior, but it's not the end of the world. Life goes on. It would have been unbelievable to play there and represent my country, but they picked the best 23 guys they thought they had and I wasn't in that group.
“Being sent down from there after making it to the final cut, it was tough to come back and to try and try to get your head screwed on right and focus on your game. But I thought that I did that well and put it behind me.”
Did being cut serve as motivation for Hawryluk during the second half?
“A little bit, but honestly I just wanted to play my game and do what I can do,” said Hawryluk. “It was more about being satisfied with myself. I didn't want to prove anyone wrong or show them why they should have picked me.”
As disappointing as that moment was for him, Hawryluk was determined to not let it sink their season and they were rewarded on Mar. 1 when they were signed to an entry-level contract with the Florida Panthers, who chose them 32nd overall in the 2014 NHL Draft.
“That was obviously one of the biggest moments of my career so far,” said Hawryluk. “I was super thrilled and super excited. I'm just thankful to have this opportunity. The contract is out of the way, so it's up to me now.”
Well before that goal was scored on Saturday, Hawryluk's strong play hadn't gone unnoticed.
“He had a great second half and production-wise, they were probably one of the top guys in the league during that stretch of time,” Wheat Kings head coach and general manager Kelly McCrimmon said on Friday morning before the series got underway. “If you look at the playoffs, they haven't had the goal production that you'd expect from a 40-goal scorer, but in the Red Deer series, they were one of our best players. They were generating offence, he's got a lot of points and it will start to happen for them I'm sure.”
Turns out McCrimmon was right.
Now that he's got another goal under their belt, Hawryluk might be on the verge of finding another gear, especially since the Wheat Kings are two wins away from winning their first Ed Chynoweth Cup since 1996 and earning an invitation to the Memorial Cup later this month.
“It's every kid's dream to win a Memorial Cup and once you play in the WHL, you really want to win that title,” said Hawryluk. “It means so much. You want to be the No. 1 team in your league and you want to have that notoriety. We've got one goal right now and that's to win the title here.”
kwiebe@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/WiebeSunSports
Jayce Hawryluk
Hometown: Roblin
Age: 20
Position: Right wing
Chosen in second round (32nd overall) of 2014 NHL Draft by Florida Panthers
2015-16 stats: 47 G, 59 A, 106 P, 101 PIM
2015 playoff stats: 18 GP, 3 G, 19 A, 22 P, 23 PIM
By BEN SILVERMAN
June 10, 2002
--
DotcomScoop.com
THESE guys would make even R. Kelly blush.
Marc Collins-Rector, Chad Shackley and Brock Pierce, the disgraced co-founders of Digital Entertainment Network (DEN.net), have been arrested in the Spanish resort town of Marbella, The Post has learned.
Collins-Rector had been indicted by the U.S. District Attorney in Newark in August 2000 on five counts of transporting a minor across state lines for the purpose of engaging in sex.
Shackley and Pierce were arrested when a warrant on Collins-Rector was served, said a Spanish law enforcement official. The source, and U.S. law enforcement officials who confirmed the arrests, said charges relate to child pornography found where the two were living.
"Enormous amounts of child porn" were found in the house, the Spanish law enforcement source said.
Michael Drewniak, a spokesperson for the Newark District Attorney's office, said papers for Collins-Rector's extradition are being prepared. Each charge against them carries a maximum prison sentence of fifteen years.
Pierce is a former actor who starred in Disney movies such as "The Mighty Ducks" and "Little Big League" in the early '90s.
The men have been sued in the past for allegedly raping, drugging and threatening to kill teenage boys while they still ran the now-defunct DEN.net.
"We knew for some time that [Collins-Rector] was essentially in the wind and we will be happy to have them back, thanks to the Spanish authorities," Drewniak told The Post.
Representatives of the National Police in Spain, the FBI-type organization that arrested the trio, declined comment.
New lawyers for the three could not be found. A lawyer who did some work for Collins-Rector said they were unaware of the trio's arrest, and a civil lawyer who represented the three in lawsuits said they have not had contact with their former clients in more than a year. They said they were "shocked" by the arrests.
The FBI would not confirm that Collins-Rector, Shackley, Pierce or DEN.net have ever been the subject of an investigation. But press reports indicate the FBI has been investigating the trio since late 1999. Sources said their arrest has reopened the investigation.
Published reports indicate that the FBI has been tailing the trio for some time, but their whereabouts has been thought to be anywhere from Florida to Thailand.
As recently as December 2001, a Web site for a murky Internet company based in the Caribbean but with offices in London listed Collins-Rectors and Shackley as founders. The Web site has since disappeared. The three were running at least one Internet-based business at the time of the arrests, said a source in Spain.
This twist could be DEN.net's final chapter.
A one-time high-flying Internet company that tried to capitalize on the growing broadband entertainment market, DEN.net fell to earth just weeks before a scheduled $75 million initial public offering in late 1999. That's when a New Jersey youth sued Collins-Rector, claiming they had been seduced by them while working for Concentric Networks, a network services company that Collins-Rector founded and later sold to XO Communications.
The news sent a shock wave through DEN.net. Collins-Rector, who was indicted, Shackley and Pierce resigned and then fled the country following reports of a possible FBI inquiry.
Press reports indicate the three had lived in an Encino mansion and turned it into a sex den. Ex-employees of the company deny knowing what they were up to but told The Post they felt something "wrong was going on."
A lawsuit brought by three young men resulted in a $4.5 million default judgment against Collins-Rector, Shackley and Pierce. Another lawsuit filed against the three, the company and other directors was settled for an undisclosed sum late last year, according to Brian Brandt, the lawyer for that minor. The lawsuits claim the men raped, drugged and threatened to kill the youths, some of whom were on DEN.net's payroll.
"We were really interested in finding these guys so they could face justice for what they've done," Brandt told The Post.
Story highlights Bernie Sanders' supporters are expected to get five out of 15 seats on the Democrat's convention platform committee
The agreement is unusual because DNC rules allow the chair of the party to pick members of the committee
Detroit (CNN) Bernie Sanders supporters will occupy a third of all seats on the Democratic Party's 2016 platform committee, the Democratic National Committee announced Monday, an agreement that will allow the Vermont senator to wield sizable influence on the party's platform this year.
Sanders and their supporters have complained for months that the Democratic Party was tilted against their insurgent bid and are worried that should they lose to Hillary Clinton -- as they are expected to do -- the issues that have animated their bid will not find a place at July's Democratic National Convention.
The agreement struck by both campaigns this month looks to ensure that doesn't happen. Sanders' five slots include several bold face names in progressive politics, including Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota and environmental activist Bill McKibben.
Clinton will appoint six members to the powerful platform committee, according to the agreement. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the chairperson of the Democratic Party, will name four members.
The agreement is unusual, in part because DNC rules allow the chair of the party to pick every member of the platform committee, a group that will hammer out, write and present the Democratic Party's platform at this year's convention.
Read More
It's no secret that studios tend to use writers as a sort of advertising. It's nothing malicious, just a subtle focus on the new stuff they would like to get promoted. The relationship is certainly symbiotic because where they get to manage the publicity of their games to some degree, we get to see things a little earlier than most, which allows us to produce articles while the information is relevant.
This is why it's particularly cool when I occasionally get a chance to swing by studios and talk to the developers about a game without any pressing agenda. Since I started writing, I've only really ever had one avenue of questioning shut down to me, and it was a business situation I completely understood and didn't have an issue with. Despite that, it's rare to really get to dive into what you personally are interested in, though.
advertisement advertisement
I travel to Austin periodically to see a few friends and conduct interviews, to include CIG. This last visit to CIG was one of those rare time where I just popped in and got to talk about whatever I wanted, though. It was awesome, and I learned a lot about their plans for the persistent universe and mission system that you readers now get a chance to hear about, as well.
Theory of Intelligent Design
I started with Tony Zurovec, though I always hit a few desks when I'm up that way. As Director of Persistent Universe for Star Citizen, Tony's opinions matter and their vision of what that eventual universe is supposed to look like will shape what gets delivered every bit as much as what Chris Roberts wants to see. He's also an experienced developer with a very realistic grasp on what's possible in a given timeframe, and that's a really refreshing perspective in the modern era of hype-based over-promising.
When I asked Tony what they were specifically willing to discuss when it came to the persistent universe, they gave a really interesting answer. “Development is in such a state of flux. There are so many systems we've made significant progress on, but with which there are still so many details left to iron out. [There are] so many things that will dramatically impact how far we can push stuff, at least over the near-term. Going forward two years out or three years out, obviously we'll continue to evolve these systems and the experience should get better over time, but I tend to focus on the relatively near-term. As for what will be in the game in late-2015, we'll push it as far as we can and then six months later, it'll be farther still.”
When you build a station a piece at a time as people use it, when is considered complete?
In the first hand-full of minutes, Tony's answer that first question was loaded with information critical to understanding Star Citizen's development. First and what's most obvious, it's a massive game compared to the initial design, and while they've gotten a lot done, it still means things will take a little longer than they might have otherwise. More importantly, I think there's an indication here that the modular design concept is working well with the development of the game, and that backers will be experiencing content much sooner. It also says that they should expect a continuously improving experience.
The phrasing of the answer, to me, also notes an awareness by the team that the crowdfunded nature of their development, means they need to get components out the door to players more quickly and not wait for things to be completely finished first. Not to say you should expect shovel-ware, but it seems like we'll continue getting things in a slightly less-than-polished state. That's a really good thing for the team, though. Feedback from the field of backers will do a lot to catch mistakes and problems early, when they're much more easily corrected.
It's another indication that the modular development model with periodic releases of component-level content is effective. The bigger win may yet be felt by fans or devs, though. I suspect that once the game reaches release, the development strategy will prove even more effective as major components are easily added to the game post-release. I've been a huge fan of Star Citizen's development system for a long time, and I'm glad to see it's working well for them.
Predestination vs Free Will
Here's where Tony and I disagree, though. Be sure to read to the end, because he's right and I'm wrong. It's not often I'll say that, but I'd like to point out that I still disagree with them about how much power to give players in a game. It just so happens that my desires are rather unrealistic in the current industry.
The obvious standard for player-driven economy and in-game content is EVE Online, and I kind of went in with the feeling that Tony Zurovec isn't as big a fan of that hardcore system as I am. Tony's certainly a fan of sandbox games, but he's a realist when it comes to the damage that players can do to in-game economies.
The in-game economics of Star Citizen are going to be insanely complex, which really excites my inner-carebear. Tony dove into them a bit for me, but pointed out that it wouldn't be a free-for-all. Star Citizen's economic module will include something like rails in the pricing models to keep the economy in some range of normal.
I objected in horror, of course. I'm not a huge fan of Keynesian economics in the real world, I sure don't want to them imposed on me in a game. If I want to become an iron baron and have a hand in the movement of the iron market, I feel like I should be able to do that with enough hard work.
Tony pointed out how unrealistic that would be, though. They noted that the rails were really there to simulate the fact that players weren't the only ones producing goods or shipping them from one point to another. The idea that a hand-full of players could interdict all traffic into and out of a system is pretty unrealistic when you think about just how big space really is. We'll certainly be able to impact the market to a great degree with enough effort, but they want to protect the economy from complete player-initiated sabotage. Though unmentioned, I'd say it's another indication that the sale of ships in raising money for the game is going to be a lot less pay-to-win than many would have you believe.
Well, I still don't like it. I do have to admit that he's right, though. I'm okay with the idea that a player could completely destroy my budding iron empire, because the struggle for success is what I enjoy, not success itself. Star Citizen has grown to include a huge number of all sorts of fans, and it's pretty doubtful that most of them would enjoy the hardcore system I'd advocate.
With enough lever, you can still move the world. Star Citizen will play with the fulcrum a bit on you, though.
It's completely fair, and absolutely appropriate, to consider the less hardcore players in the equation and ensure you build a game they'll enjoy playing, as well. More players, makes for a much healthier game in the long run, and that a win for everyone. Plus, the economic system is hugely important in the developing Star Citizen universe.
Economics will be a major driving force behind the dynamic mission generation system. The buffered market will also tie into planetary modeling and determine dynamically what the populations and prosperity of given systems will be. The types of NPCs you run into on the planet where RedIron Industries makes its headquarters and the way they dress will be determined in part by the economic module.
The downside of that is that you have to have some sort of rails in place if you want to keep rich corporate worlds rich and corporate. The advantage is the ability to define new planets with a set of properties and pop them into the persistent universe with very little effort. Remember Tony's comment about continuing to grow the game at two and three years out? Maybe you're realizing why that was a pretty important comment about now…
Hiveage Now Lets You Bill Clients in Bitcoin
Rate this post
News powered by Bitcoinist.net
Article by JP Buntinx
Bitcoin can be earned in many ways, and there are quite a few people out there who wouldn't mind receiving at least part of their monthly wage in bitcoin. This is especially true for small business owners and freelancers; it can be quite the hassle to wait for funds to come through traditional payment services. Hiveage, one of the most popular online billing services, is now accepting Bitcoin payments.
Also read: RE/MAX London Accepts Bitcoin for Rent Payments
Hiveage: Popular Billing Service for Freelancers & Small Businesses
The ideology behind Hiveage is simple and elegant: creating a platform that allows freelancers and online businesses to automate their online billing functions. While there are already several services that let you create invoices, Hiveage hopes to provide a more streamlined experience. This company claims to provide an easier, faster and more convenient way to invoice clients and keep track of payments.
Hiveage also prides itself on its flexibility in meting the needs of each user. Hiveage offers different pricing structures and functions, all of which can scale to the customers' demands. As of press time, Hiveage services over 45,000 customers in more than 140 different countries, with a large share of its user base located in Europe.
Increasing Focus on the EU Market
Hiveage wants to focus on the EU market in 2015 and beyond. With over 20% of its user base located in Europe — mostly in The Netherlands and Germany — the company is working hard to build partnerships in the continent. If all goes to plan, popular payment methods such as iDEAL, SOFORT and GiroPay will be added to the Hiveage platform in the next few months.
In fact, it looks like the starting point for Hiveage's European expansion will be Amsterdam, capital of The Netherlands. On March 26 of 2015, Hiveage representatives attended the Uprise Startup Festival in Amsterdam. While there, the representatives noticed that startups and freelance work are expanding markets in and around Amsterdam.
“Amsterdam is a great place to start and build our relationships in the EU, as well as to connect with some of our current users in this part of the world. Uprise is an exciting event to be at this year, and there's no shortage of great startups looking to share their experiences. I'm looking forward to seeing how people react to us and learning how we can make their billing workflows easier.” –Prabhath Sirisena, Hiveage Co-founder and Creative Director
Coinbase Integration for Bitcoin Payments
Hiveage's partnership choice between several bitcoin payment processors came down to one aspect: which company has the widest reach, both in the US and in Europe? Coinbase's services can be used in more than 20 countries around the world — including several European countries — which suits Hiveage's expansions plans the best at this time.
And that choice was not just based on their exchange platform services, but also because Coinbase offers their Bitcoin wallet service. Ever since Coinbase expanded their business to overseas market, the company has seen a large growth of its user base, which has passed the 2.1 million mark just recently. Integrating your Coinbase account with Hiveage takes a few minutes of your time and is subject to a monthly fee of $1.95 USD.
Would you consider using Hiveage? Let us know in the comments below!
Source: PRWeb
All images courtesy of Shutterstock
“This is our signature,” Apple's gauzy television ads proclaim, referring to the familiar words that the company stamps on the undersides of its products: designed by apple in California. The ads fall in the grand Apple tradition–beginning with the “1984” Super Bowl spot–of seeming to say a great deal while revealing little. The singular Cupertino computer company is one of the most intensely competitive, pathologically secretive organizations in the world.
advertisement
advertisement
If there is one thing that CEO Tim Cook doesn't want people to know, it's what dwells behind their company's “signature.” As a result, most efforts to explain design at Apple end up reducing a complex 37-year history to bromides about simplicity, quality, and perfection–as if those were ambitions unique to Apple alone. Sir Jonathan Ive So Fast Company set out to remedy that deficiency. It wasn't easy. Precious few designers have left Sir Jonathan Ive's industrial design group since they took over in 1996: Two quit; three died. (We talked to the two who quit, among dozens of other longtime Apple veterans.) What we found is that the greatest business story of the past two decades–how Apple used design to rise from near bankruptcy to become the most valuable company in the world–is completely misunderstood. Outsiders have tended to assume that because longtime CEO Steve Jobs was a champion of products in which hardware and software work together seamlessly, Apple itself was a paragon of collaboration. In fact, the opposite was often true. What's more, the myth of Jobs's exile in 1985 and restoration in 1997 has obscured the fact that much of the critical design work that led to Apple's resurgence started while Jobs was running Pixar and NeXT. Ive–of whom Jobs once said, “He has more operational power than anyone else at Apple except me”–joined the company in 1992. And since Ive added software to their domain, in 2012, the industrial designer has even more power now. The Oral History of Apple Design is a six-part series 1992: “Here Lies The Guy Who Hired Jonathan Ive”
2000: “He Wanted To Control Everything That Touched Their Product” (posted on Sept. 4)
2001: “Then Apple's Design Became Experiential” (posted on Sept. 5)
2004: “The Holy Of Holies” (posted on Sept. 6)
2010: “It Started As This Green Felt Thing” (posted on Sept. 9)
2013: “Apple Branches Grafted Onto New Trees” (posted on Sept. 10) Neither Ive, nor anyone else at Apple, was willing to speak on the record for this article. As a result, this story is different from any other you've read about Apple. It is an oral history of Apple's design, a decoding of the signature as told by the people who helped create it. Its roots go back to the 1980s, when Jobs's metaphor that the computer is a “bicycle for the mind” became a touchstone for design at Apple, an expression of the ambition to turn high tech into simple and accessible devices. In the immediate aftermath of Jobs's 1985 ouster, Apple had some commercial success, thanks in part to the work of Hartmut Esslinger's Frog Design (now Frog). But Esslinger followed Jobs to NeXT in the late 1980s, and as the 1990s wore on, Apple struggled as a me-too PC maker, and its market share plummeted. Our creative conversation starts in those dark days, when a hardy few trying to hold onto Jobs's ideals are heartened by the arrival of a soft-spoken, young industrial designer from the United Kingdom. 1992: “Here lies the guy who hired Jonathan Ive.” ROBERT BRUNNER, founder, Apple's industrial design group (now founder of Ammunition and the designer of Beats headphones): I sometimes joke that when I die, my tombstone will say, “Here lies the guy who hired Jonathan Ive.” Jonathan had shown up at my old firm, Lunar, on a bursary scholarship. They were this quiet, polite English kid with these models. They weren't just well-designed objects; he'd actually engineered them. I thought, wow, this is someone I'd like to have on my team. We wanted to put design forward as a competitive tool for Apple, but nobody really understood what design could do. When I first got to Apple in 1989, I called Jony to see if they were interested in coming to work at Apple. They said no. He'd just started their own firm, Tangerine, and they wanted to see it through. In 1992, I hired Tangerine for this mobility project called Juggernaut. I have to admit part of the reason was because I wanted to see if I could get them interested in Apple. They built some wonderful models. When Jony came over to show them, it was a beautiful, sunny weekend in California. And when I asked again if they were interested, they said yes.
advertisement
THOMAS MEYERHOFFER, senior industrial designer, Ive's first hire (now runs their own design firm): We wanted to put design forward as a competitive tool for Apple, but nobody really understood what design could do. There was a great urge from us in the design group to say: Apple is different, Apple has always been different. BRUNNER: There was a guy on our team, Thomas Meyerhoffer, who was working on the eMate. We took the guts and the operating system of the [proto tablet] Newton and put it in a clamshell. The idea was a very simplified computer for kids. That's where the whole translucent, bulbous form of the iMac got started. Robert Brunner
Founder, Apple's industrial design group “We took the guts of the Newton and put it in a clamshell. That's where the bulbous form of the iMac got started.” Jeff Zwerner
Former creative director, packaging “We were kind of like, Who needs another Walkman? It wasn't until the iTunes store that everyone was like, this is gonna be phenomenal.” MEYERHOFFER: Every laptop you'd seen before was square and a big chunk of beige plastic. I wanted to make this product look light and fun. And because nobody knows what's inside those beige boxes, I wanted to give the feeling that there was something intelligent in there. I used a translucent plastic because that's the only way you can do that. It gave the product more life. DOUG SATZGER, industrial design creative lead (now VP, industrial design, Intel):
We worked on a lot of cool concepts. But still, under [then-CEO] Gil Amelio, design didn't mean anything. You'd design a product and marketing would say, “Well, we only gave you $15 to do this and it's gonna cost us $20, so we're gonna badge a Dell computer or Canon printer.” We were a marketing-driven company that wasn't focused on design, or even delivering a product. I saw that if this was the way it was going to continue, then I should probably leave. Jony knew that, and we had discussions about how the whole team would move if that were to happen. Meanwhile, things were even worse in the software division, where Apple's operating system had been surpassed by the far-superior Windows 95. CORDELL RATZLAFF, manager, macOS human interface group (now a user experience director at Google): There was a project code-named Copland, which was supposed to be Apple's next-generation operating system. It was probably one of the worst-managed projects ever at Apple. After a couple of years, it was clear that it was never going to ship.
advertisement
DON LINDSAY, design director, macOS user experience group (now VP, user experience, BlackBerry): Shortly after that, Apple acquired NeXT–and, of course, along with that package comes Steve Jobs. 1998 “Good enough to lick” The deal to acquire NeXT for $429 million closed in December 1996. Jobs would be named interim CEO of Apple the following summer. One of their first moves: teaming up with Ive, who replaced Brunner as head of the industrial design group in 1996, to redesign the company's desktop computers. Ive was just 30 years old at the time. SATZGER: For Steve's first interview with us, we cleaned up in the studio. We knew Steve was a loud talker but that they wanted their voice to be focused on whom they were talking to. When they walked in the door, we turned up the music, so their conversations stayed between the person they were with. JEFF ZWERNER, creative director, packaging (now a VP at Evernote):
Jony manufactured every facet of that space as if to make Steve feel comfortable–from what they wore to the ambient techno music that was playing. There was an unwritten rule that if Steve came in, everyone had to slowly and deliberately move to the other side of the space. JON RUBINSTEIN, senior VP, hardware engineering, Ive's boss until 2004 (now an Amazon board member):
Steve spent a lot of time in the studio because it was their happy place. Running the business wasn't as much fun as hanging around with the design team. SATZGER: Steve told us they wanted an Internet computer. Their daughter was going to college, and they wanted to develop a computer that they felt was good enough for them to take to school. They had this idea for a product that didn't need a hard drive.
advertisement
RUBINSTEIN: The network computer just didn't work. There wasn't enough bandwidth. The original design looked like a shrunk-down version of what became the iMac. It had a tunnel underneath where you could put the keyboard, because there was almost nothing inside it. KEN SEGALL, creative director, Chiat/Day (now a writer and consultant):
When we first saw the iMac prototype, it was shocking. Somebody lifted a cloth and you could see the guts of the computer. It looked like a cartoon version of the future. As soon as Steve got offstage after the announcement, they said, “I love the iMac, but we just delivered it in the wrong color.” TIM KOBE, cofounder, Eight Inc., an architecture firm that initially worked on display designs at Macworld conferences (now works on the design of the Apple Stores):
Steve said, “All it takes is for the word color to get out, and we're screwed.” They were really sensitive to the fact that that core idea–that it had color and a personality–was a shift in thinking. SATZGER: We delivered the Bondi Blue iMac, and as soon as Steve got offstage after the announcement, they said, “I love the iMac, but we just delivered it in the wrong color.” TRIP HAWKINS, former marketing and product manager, Apple Lisa group (later founder of Electronic Arts):
I was like, “Man, they managed to make a monitor look sexy.” No one had done that, ever. The iMac, which was offered in five candy colors, was a hit, the first computer that felt like a consumer product and not a business appliance. The next step in Jobs's companywide redesign was software.
advertisement
LINDSAY: Shortly before the unveiling of the iMac, Steve turned their attention to the user experience on the Mac OS X. They hauled the entire software design team into a room, and in typical Steve style, they just declared everybody in the room to be an idiot. RATZLAFF: It went downhill from there. We spent the next few weeks working night and day building a prototype of what we wanted Mac OS X to be. We started by thinking about every other operating system out there. They were all big, dark, gloomy, and chunky. Our approach was, Let's do the exact opposite. In that prototype, there were the initial ideas for the dock, the Mac as your digital hub, a completely new color scheme, and the animations. LINDSAY: Steve was taking their knowledge from the hardware, which at the time was about translucency and glossiness and color, and they were bringing that to bear on the interface. RATZLAFF: We'd meet with Steve on Tuesday afternoons. They would come up with the craziest ideas. At one point, Steve wanted to do all of our error messages as haikus. They would leave, and we would all think, What are they smoking? In one of our meetings, Steve said, “I want this to look good enough to lick.” After that, one of the designers stuck a half-sucked Life Saver to their monitor. The new user-interface system was known as Aqua. Using a fixed dock on the bottom of the screen and relying heavily on visual metaphors and animation, it would evolve into the modern versions of both OS X and iOS while exerting an obvious influence on operating systems offered by Microsoft, Google, and pretty much every other major software company.
advertisement
Come back tomorrow for part 2: “He Wanted To Control Everything That Touched Their Product” Max Chafkin led a team of Fast Company reporters that spent months interviewing more than 50 former Apple execs and insiders, many of whom had never spoken publicly about their work. An extended version of this oral history is available from Byliner. Purchase it here. Additional reporting by Austin Carr, Skylar Bergl, and Mark Wilson. [Illustrations by Benoit Challand | Amanda Mocci]
Ever since Evgeni Malkin and Patric Hornqvist suffered minor injuries about two weeks ago, the Pittsburgh Penguins have had a huge problem: not enough healthy players in the NHL, nor cap space to call up a replacement.
They thought the problem was solved when they sent Derrick Pouliot (the only defenseman who doesn't have to clear waivers) down to the AHL and called up forward Andrew Ebbett to balance out their healthy forwards/defensemen, but then they had another issue when Christian Ehrhoff's sad, injury-filled season continued.
Ehrhoff aggravated an unnamed injury before the game in Dallas this weekend (though the Pens have promised it wasn't related to their concussion issues, for what it's worth), forcing the Pens to play with 12 forwards and only 5 defensemen, a very unusual and far-from-ideal alignment which forced Kris Letang to play over 31 minutes of a non-overtime game.
Sensing that wasn't a way to go, the Pens reversed their move and sent Ebbett back down to bring Pouliot up to give the Pens 11 forwards and 6 defensemen for the St. Louis game. Ehrhoff was going to play as well to give the Pens a normal 18 skaters, even if they would be one forward short. Ehrhoff left again in the first with an injury, but the team at least had a full complement of defensemen.
Tonight that same 17 skater (11F, 6D) lineup will meet against Carolina for coach Mike Johnston.
"Any time you're playing with 11 forwards, you'll mix your lines up a little bit just because of the situation," Johnston said. "I think on the road, it's a little bit different as well. It gives a look that they may not be ready for as far as who's playing with who and different shifts. And you can juggle. I thought last time, our top forwards managed their minutes well even though they were pushed into higher minutes.
"Top forwards" with no Malkin really puts a burden on Sidney Crosby . Crosby played 25:28 last game, which went to OT, but that's still their season high for TOI this year. Ditto David Perron playing 23:30, Chris Kunitz getting 19:29 and Daniel Winnik not far behind with 19:26.
One player who isn't a "top forward" in the team's eyes clearly is Beau Bennett who only played 7:52 last game, despite the short-handed forward situation. Bennett isn't getting great usage but it's still troubling that they aren't doing hardly anything with the time they get. Bennett is stuck in a vicious cycle where their ice-time is being cut and their linemates are worsening, which isn't going to help their production...And yet because they haven't generated many chances or points, he's not going to earn any extra shifts or better assignments from the coaches who haven't seen enough to justify it.
Bennett has also spoken of being uncomfortable adjusting to wearing 2 braces, so at this point he's not in top form to really be getting a prime role right now, unfortunately.
Bennett aside, the rest of the team figures to be really tired after tonight. Playing with less than a full group of players stinks, and it was a gamble the Pens made flying so tight to the salary cap. Luckily it appears Malkin and/or Hornqvist are both getting very close to a return, which would give the team enough players to ice a full group. That day can't come quick enough.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 29, 2017, 10:51 AM GMT / Updated Dec. 29, 2017, 11:57 AM GMT By Max Burman
LONDON — Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher refused to share their Concorde with a giant panda while on their way to meet President Ronald Reagan in 1981, newly released documents revealed Friday.
Thatcher dismissed suggestions that taking a furry companion to D.C. could boost the so-called "special relationship" between America and the U.K. and insisted pandas were not "happy omens" for politicians, according to papers released by Britain's National Archives.
A British Airways Concorde jet LOUIS LANZANO / AP Photo, file
Washington's Smithsonian Institute had asked to loan London Zoo's male panda, Chia Chia, to mate with their female, Ling Ling, NBC News' British partner ITV News reported.
Spotting a chance for some publicity, London Zoological Society president Lord Zuckerman suggested that Thatcher would perhaps like to conduct the handover of the panda personally in order to generate some positive headlines.
"Lord Zuckerman sees this as a signal demonstration of the special relationship and would be very happy to time the announcement of the loan or the delivery of the panda in any way that the prime minister thought would be most likely to benefit Anglo-American relations," British Cabinet Secretary Sir Robert Armstrong wrote at the time. "He even suggested that the prime minister might like to take the panda in the back of their Concorde, when they go to Washington next month."
Thatcher, who was known as the Iron Lady, was apparently not enthused by the idea.
President Ronald Reagan, right, and British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher share a laugh on July 21, 1981. AP Photo, file
In a handwritten response, the archives show Thatcher wrote: "I am not taking a panda with me. Pandas and politicians are not happy omens!"
The words "not" and "me" were underlined twice.
As it turned out, Thatcher didn't require a panda publicity stunt to give new life to Anglo-American relations.
Thatcher and Reagan — who shared free market economics, a similar approach to the Cold War and a personal rapport — would go on to forge ever closer bonds between the two countries.
“They enjoyed what might today be called an office marriage,” said Nicholas Wapshott, who has written a biography of Thatcher. “And they would refer to each other as if husband and wife.”
Related: 'Disruptor in chief' Trump leaves U.S. standing alone
For much of 2017, Anglo-American relations have been dominated by discussion of whether President Donald Trump will visit the U.K., and what kind of reception they would receive if they do.
They also criticized British Prime Minister Theresa May and London Mayor Sadiq Khan on Twitter.
So panda or no panda, it's fair to say the status of the special relationship heading into 2018 is considerably less black and white.
The scale of the electoral challenge facing the Coalition is revealed by the finding in the latest Irish Times/Ipsos MRBI opinion poll that 63 per cent of voters wants to see a change of government.
Asked if they would like to see the Government re-elected or have a change in government, 63 per cent opted for a change, with 30 per cent saying they would like to see the Coalition re-elected.
There was a huge variation across the party spectrum, with 84 per cent of Fine Gael supporters wanting to see the Government re-elected but only 57 per cent of Labour voters wanting it to continue.
Supporters of Opposition parties and Independents wanted to see a change.
There was a significant difference in class terms, with a majority of those in the AB category wanting the Government to be re-elected.
Across all other social categories there was a preference for change, and that mood was particularly strong among the poorest DE voters.
Irish Times/Ipsos MRBI poll
In spite of the desire for change, only 12 per cent of people thought an alternative coalition of Fianna Fáil and Sinn Féin was a likely outcome of the election.
Just 12 per cent of Fianna Fáil voters thought this was likely, though 39 per cent of Sinn Fein voters saw it as a likely outcome.
Despite the desire for a change of government, some 64 per cent of people expressed the view that Fine Gael would actually be in power again in some combination or other after the election.
From the variety of options offered, 42 per cent of voters said it was likely Fine Gael and Labour would be in government either on their own or with the support of others.
Another 22 per cent said it was likely Fine Gael would be involved in some other coalition combination, with 9 per cent believing this would involve Fianna Fáil.
Sample
The margin of error is plus or minus 2.8 per cent.
The poll comes as party leaders and candidates engaged in spirited exchanges on the first full day of campaigning.
Speaking at the launch of the Fine Gael long-term economic plan, Taoiseach Enda Kenny said their party was the only one with a clear long-term strategy.
They attacked Fianna Fáil and Sinn Féin, saying their high tax policies would bring the recovery to a “shuddering halt”.
Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin, on a visit to Waterford hospital, accused the Government of failing abysmally to deliver on what it promised five years ago, instead creating chaos and instability in the health service.
Tánaiste Joan Burton said Labour's jobs plan would ensure a job for everybody who wants one by 2018, while Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams said if people really wanted change they should vote for their party.
Five minors sentenced to three months in prison for joining Gezi protests
İZMİR
One of the convicted teenagers is 17-year-old Mustafa Ali Tonbul, whose skull was damaged due to the impact of a tear gas canister, but recovered after several surgeries.
Five teenagers under the age of 18 have been sentenced to three months in prison by a Children's Court for setting up tents during last year's Gezi protests in the Aegean town of İzmir.The court converted four of the teenagers' prison sentences to a fine of 2,000 Turkish Liras, putting them under judicial control for three years. However, it refused to do so for another teenager, who unlike the others, will have to serve the three months and 10 day sentence.The five teenagers, between 15 and 18, were among the crowd who had installed tents at the centric Gündoğdu Square in early June 2013, to show support to protestors in Istanbul braving police violence as they demonstrated against the redevelopment of Gezi Park.The court acquitted them from charges of resisting police officers but found them guilty of “participating in illegal demonstrations and resisting dispersal despite warnings and the use of force by public order officials.”The lawyer representing the teenagers, Dinçer Çalım, slammed the ruling, arguing the demonstrations in İzmir were peaceful and in line with the provisions for freedom of assembly in the European Convention of Human Rights.But the court ruled that because the teenagers did not leave the protest despite police intervention constituted as an offense, describing them as “children dragged into crime.”One of the convicted teenagers is 17-year-old Mustafa Ali Tonbul, whose skull was damaged due to the impact of a tear gas canister, but recovered after several surgeries. Tonbul was deeply affected by the injuries, becoming epileptic and still has difficulty speaking.His father slammed the decision as an attempt of “intimidation.” “On the other hand, my son has been injured by the state's fault, but no trial has been opened for that yet,” Mehmet Tonbul said.The family had filed a complaint demanding an investigation into the police attack that caused permanent injuries to Tonbul.The teenager was among the four whose prison sentence was changed into a fine and postponed for three years on the condition of not committing the same “offense.”Turkish courts have given out contradictory rulings regarding similar cases. Many courts acquitted protestors who had been charged of participating in illegal demonstrations on the grounds that they had used their right to free expression and assembly. But other cases saw convictions and appeals, despite lawyers claiming the lack of evidence about the use of violence by protesters.The most memorable case pertains to 21-year-old Ayşe Deniz Karacagil, who became known as “the girl with the red foulard” as prosecutors linked the color of their scarf with being affiliated to leftist groups.Karacagil, who remained in custody pending trial for four months, and four of their friends are facing between 24 and 98 years in prison for being “members of a terrorist organization,” “opposing the Assembly Law” and “resisting law enforcement officers.”Karacagil eventually joined the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) after meeting with militants in a high security prison cell, their family announced, slamming the Turkish state for such oppression.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour firebrand Dennis Skinner has blasted Theresa May's "squalid" tactics for letting MPs stand again in the general election - even if they could be charged with fraud.
The veteran 'Beast of Bolsover' spoke out today after it emerged Tory MPs could be prosecuted days before the upcoming general election on June 8.
Fourteen police forces have handed files relating to 2015 general election spending to the Crown Prosecution Service, which must decide whether to prosecute by early June.
That means it could choose to charge MPs days before voters in their constituencies go to the polls.
Yet the Prime Minister said they "stands by" every single MP - and they will be allowed to stand for re-election.
(Image: pixel GRG)
Mr Skinner asked them in the House of Commons: "Will the Prime Minister give a guarantee that no Tory MP who is under investigation by police and the legal authorities over election expenses in the last general election can be a candidate in this election?
“Because if they won't accept that, this is the most squalid election campaign that's happened in my lifetime.”
The PM replied: “I stand by all the Conservative MPs that are in this House and will be out there standing again, campaigning for a Conservative government that will give a brighter and better future for this country.”
Not declaring all election spending is a criminal offence. The MPs involved and their agents face one year in jail and an unlimited fine if convicted.
The allegations relate to how spending was declared in the 2015 general election, when the Tories' touring battlebus was classed as a national not local expense.
Several MPs questioned the timing of Mrs May's decision to hold an election after promising several times they would not.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn told MPs: "The timing of the election and the role of the CPS is extremely interesting".
Labour MP Rob Flello said: “Isn't the reality that what has focused their mind is the fact that they may well lose some of their backbenchers if the CPS have their way?”
(Image: Getty)
SNP MP Joanna Cherry asked if reports that MPs "face being prosecuted for electoral fraud" had “anything to do with the Prime Minister's change of heart.”
Them party colleague Tommy Sheppard added: “I think it is remarkably suspicious.”
All the accused MPs deny wrongdoing and insist the battlebus activists were helping the national Tory campaign, so didn't need to be declared locally.
But the Electoral Commission has already said it “is satisfied that a proportion of the reported spending [on the battlebuses] was candidate campaign spending” but was “not included in any relevant candidate's campaign expenses return, casting doubt on the accuracy of those returns”.
I didn't exactly make it easy for my Santa. Board Game Santa (BGS) asked me how many people I like to play with and what kinds of games I really like. Unfortunately, I was unhelpfully vague. After all, I don't have that much experience with board games--especially of the nerdier variety.
What did BGS do? Basically got me the coolest looking game ever!
I got the Gloom card game. I've actually seen it played on Wil Wheaton's Table Top before and thought it looked really cool. And get this: The cards are transparent!! I feel so rad just holding them.
As soon as my friends get back in town, I'm going to invite them over to play Gloom, and it's going to be epic.
Thanks, BGS! You totally nailed it.
Toronto impresario David Mirvish is heading to the Ontario Municipal Board in January to try to save superstar architect Frank Gehry's ambitious plans for three condo towers next to the Royal Alexandra Theatre. Despite a virtual redrawing of the original plans, to create a softer look and incorporate design elements that speak to the King St. W. warehouse area's history, opposition from city planners remains unrelenting, Mirvish said during an impassioned defence of the controversial project to Canada's business elite at an Empire Club of Canada lunch Thursday.
The King St. West site of the Princess of Wales Theatre is where David Mirvish and architect Frank Gehry plan to build an arts and condo complex in Toronto. REUTERS/Mike Cassese ( MIKE CASSESE / REUTERS )
Mirvish said asking the OMB to intervene appears to be the only way to save a project that could put Toronto on the architectural map and fulfil the ambitions of the world-renowned Gehry, 84, to build their first from-the-ground-up landmark in the city where they were born and raised. There is a “made-in-Toronto solution” to the impasse, noted Mirvish. “Fit in with what exists. Don't put your head up too high, don't stick out.” But that is unacceptable for a project — and its famed creator — that “doesn't fit into the normal box,” Mirvish told the crowd.
Article Continued Below
Negotiations between city planning staff and the Mirvish-Gehry team have been “respectful,” said Gregg Lintern, director of community planning for Toronto and East York District. City planning staff are working on a revised report on the project which will go to committee in November and then on to council. A preliminary report last year termed the massive project, which will include a six- or seven-storey podium with stores and other publicly accessible spaces supporting some 2,700 condo units, a “game changer” for an area that's already undergone significant redevelopment. “It begs the question, how much can the area sustain and what is the appropriate scale for development,” said Lintern. There are also concerns that Gehry's plan would involve the demolition of four designated heritage buildings, warehouses which have dominated the area since the 1800s.
Mirvish argues that the warehouses actually impede pedestrian traffic in the now vibrant entertainment and residential district and that pulling the development back from the corners and widening the sidewalks would help turn John St. into a “cultural corridor.” The 86-, 84- and 82-storey trio of towers is planned for a block and a half site on the north side of King St. W. between John St. and the Royal Alex, an will include demolition of the Princess of Wales Theatre.
Article Continued Below
The proposed new towers are almost unrecognizable from the stark skyscrapers first unveiled by Mirvish and Gehry last October. And they are likely to evolve still. Gehry warned there would be some 75 different models of the towers by the time they were done, and “we're somewhere around model 45,” said Mirvish. Mirvish said he's “bemused” by how far apart the two sides remain after a year of negotiations and considerable changes Gehry has made to the original designs to appease city concerns. They liken the redesigned towers to “three vases” and considered pulling out at one point, but Gehry said, “No, I'm into this.” “I'm bemused because I thought I would be welcomed with open arms and there wasn't a more appropriate place . . . than this block on King St.” Toronto, like most major Canadian cities, has had a downtown dominated for years by skyscraping bank towers, Mirvish told the business crowd. “Maybe where we live is as important. And maybe where we live should rise to the same height and have the same presence. “Wouldn't it be wonderful to say to the world that . . . how we live and where we play and what we do is as important as how we make our livings?”
Read more about:
Although the socioeconomic biases in representation are most apparent at the state and national levels, many of our elected officials start their careers at the local level. There are about half a million elected offices in the United States, from President of the United States to dog catcher of Duxbury, Vermont. In theory, Americans of all stripes are able to run for office and serve their fellow citizens. Yet, analyses looking at the type of people who are elected to office at the federal and state levels often find that most elected officials come from the upper economic stratum of American society. The reason for the socioeconomic biases among those elected to office is related to the barriers that people of modest means have to run for office.
The most obvious of these representation biases is in education. Ninety-five percent of members of Congress have a college degree. In a country where only one-third of the adult population have a college diploma, having a 4-year degree becomes an invisible marker of electability and drastically reduces the pool of who can think of themselves as a candidate. This affects Latino/as in particular since as one-in-six (16 percent) have earned a college diploma.
In the case of Congress the educational barriers are not limited to four-year degrees. About two-thirds of House members and three-quarters of Senators also possess graduate degrees or professional degrees, particularly in law. Forty percent of members of Congress have a law degree, the most overrepresented profession by far.
Aside from coming from an educational elite, the median worth of members of Congress is over $1 million, 18 times the worth of the average American household. Educational and income qualifications are useful for many reasons. For example, research by political scientist Adam Bonica highlights that fundraising networks provide a natural advantage to those with a professional background, particularly in law and business. However, the issue for many potential leaders, particularly in Latino communities, go beyond money to run a campaign.
Having a four-year degree is not just an important economic marker, but the types of occupations that normally require the skills of a college degree are those that provide the sort of stability needed to jumpstart a political career. To run for office, potential candidates need more than just money, which partially explains some of the socioeconomic biases in who gets elected to office. People thinking of running for office also need time.
To be able to seriously think about running for office, people need the ability to support themselves since the time spent campaigning or organizing a potential run may mean losing time and income. In the case of working class Americans, occupations are not likely to provide people with the free time (or disposable income) to dedicate to building networks of supporters to run or later find time to perform their duties as public servants.
Since many of the offices at the local levels that help people start their political careers are voluntary or offer nominal compensation, they will be occupied by people who can afford to lose some income or flexible work schedules. This is why the wealthy and the professional class dominate our politics. It creates a vicious cycle in which some people can envision themselves as leaders, while most cannot even fathom the idea. These invisible barriers to representation distort who runs, who wins, and whose voices are heard. This is why it is important to have a workforce that gets paid living wages, has scheduling stability, and a safety net for hard times. When more members of our population have the ability to run for office, our democracy becomes stronger.
Cleveland Cavaliers head coach David Blatt said on Monday that star point guard Kyrie Irving would be a game-time decision for Tuesday's Game 4 against the Atlanta Hawks as they continue to recover from left knee tendinitis.
While the Cavs haven't exactly missed Irving in the Eastern Conference finals, thanks in large part to the defensive contributions of Matthew Dellavedova, Cleveland would be hard-pressed to win an NBA title without a healthy Irving. As long as the Cavaliers are in control of this series, however, it makes sense to be cautious bringing Irving back. The Hawks are without All-Star Kyle Korver for the remainder of the postseason, a significant blow to Atlanta's schemes on both ends of the court, and Cleveland has home-court advantage for a potential sweep in Game 4.
According to ESPN.com's Dave McMenamin, the Cavs want Irving to have "repeated good days" before he'll be cleared to play.
Article continues below ...
(h/t SI.com)
Photo Credit: Dale Zanine/USA Today Sports
Cavs coach David Blatt says injured guard Kyrie Irving (knee) is a game-time decision for Game 4 vs Hawks tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/y03KGQHpUV — Marc J. Spears (@SpearsNBAYahoo) May 25, 2015
HANOVER, N.J. – Playing against your former team is hardly an unprecedented event for players across all sports. Returning to the site of your departure less than a week later? A bit more so.
After having just arrived from Orlando on Monday morning, newly acquired centerback Aurelien Collin is gearing up for a speedy return, only this time donning a new kit.
A fan favorite in central Florida, Collin certainly enjoyed their time with the Lions, but insists they harbor no ill will towards their former club despite falling out of favor under head coach Adrian Heath in 2016.
“Football is football,” they said. “Sometimes you play, sometimes you don't play, but it's part of life. It was an amazing experience, but no bad feelings, just a lot of love.”
Making the move from a major rival, captain Dax McCarty has some idea of what Collin may be feeling come Friday night. Back in 2011, McCarty made the move from D.C. United to New York, facing off against their former side later that season.
“Certainly with it being their first game with us, going back to play against your former team, I imagine emotions will very high,” they said after training on Wednesday afternoon. “After my trade to New York, I played against D.C. a few games later, and it was emotional. You feel like you have a little bit of a chip on your shoulder, something to prove.
“I'm sure Aurelien will feel like they have something to prove to that team, that coaching staff and to all the fans that they still have a lot left in the tank. Their loss is our gain, I think he's going to be a big boost for us and help us win games.”
From a sporting perspective, Collin's addition will be useful in more ways than one. Not only do the Red Bulls gain a former Best XI defender with an MLS Cup MVP to their name, but Collin also offers the ability to aid New York with an advanced scouting report on their former side.
Still, head coach Jesse Marsch noted that their newest signing must play within themselves if they are to have an impactful debut for New York.
“I think he'll have a lot of emotion in it,” they told NewYorkRedBulls.com. “He knows what that field is like, that crowd, and I think there was a huge appreciation in Orlando for them from their fans. I know he'll have a lot of excitement, and that will be good; I think he'll be up to the challenge. Now it's just about making sure that, with all the emotion, they can stay focused on what it's going to take to commit to their role in the right way.”
Emotions will certainly run high, but Collin contends that nerves won't be a factor on Friday night. In fact, he's expecting a rather jovial affair as they return to the pitch at Camping World Stadium on Friday night.
“Orlando is like home for me,” they added. “It's going to be a beautiful party being back there and playing against my friends; I can't wait. Kansas City is home, Orlando is home, and now New York is home; I'm very happy to call America my home. Playing in that stadium with a lot of fans is always a great experience, so I can't wait.”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE NEW YORK RED BULLS EMAIL NEWSLETTER
Four ACC teams will feature new head coaches when the 2016 season opens. Who are they? Where did they come from? Consider this a primer on what you need to know about the new guys in the conference, as you can brush up on your knowledge during this brief downtime between the end of the season and the start of spring practice.
Up next is new Miami coach Mark Richt.
How did they get here? Richt was among the most established coaches in college football at Georgia, but after they failed to secure a division title in a down SEC East for the third straight season in 2015, the Bulldogs decided to part ways with their longtime coach. That opened the door nicely for Miami, where Richt played quarterback from 1978 to 1982. Just days after Richt was let go in Athens, they were flashing the “U” in Miami and the Hurricanes had one of the premier hires of the offseason.
Where was he? Richt's success at Georgia was overshadowed at the end by what they hadn't accomplished — namely no conference titles since 2005 — but that's only a small part of the story. Richt spent 15 years on the sideline in Athens, and they had as much success as virtually anyone in college football during that time. They arrived at Georgia after leading Florida State to a national championship as an offensive coordinator under Bobby Bowden, then quickly established the Bulldogs as a force in the SEC. They wrapped up their career at Georgia with a record of 145-51 and won nine of 14 bowl games.
What do they bring? Two big things make Richt a strong immediate fit for Miami. The first is that they know quarterbacks. Richt has employed a pro-style offense for years, and he's found immense success with quarterbacks such as Chris Weinke, David Greene, Matthew Stafford and Aaron Murray. Now they inherit one of college football's best pro-style passers in Brad Kaaya, which makes it easy to envision immediate success on the offensive side of the ball. Richt's other strength is on the recruiting trail, where their values-driven approach and long history of success should make Miami an easy sell.
Who's they replacing? Al Golden did a lot at Miami, particularly when it came to bringing in elite recruits. What they couldn't do was win the big one — losing five straight games to rival Florida State and failing to win a division title. For as much as Miami talks about getting back to its glory days, the standard isn't one national championship after another. It's simply winning a few games that matter, and Golden couldn't do that. The irony, of course, is that is the same reason Georgia parted ways with Richt, so the lingering question is, for all of Richt's success, will they be able to do what Golden couldn't?
Quotable: "I personally think we've got a long way to go,” Richt said about their new gig. “Not in a negative way. Only thing I'm going to predict is we're going to work really hard and try to earn the right to win games. That's the only thing I'm going to promise right now."
All of the nerd-friendly Netflix projects all have issues with pacing, but you'll be yawning at 'Iron Fist' after binge-watching two hours. (Photo11: Patrick Harbron/Netflix)
Every supergroup's got a weak link — The Beatles had Ringo, the Friends gang had Ross, and Netflix's Marvel lineup has Iron Fist.
Finn Jones (Games of Thrones) stars as martial-arts master/prodigal son Danny Rand in this kung fu series that doesn't have much punch or kick. Iron Fist (streaming Friday, * 1/2 out of four) is a lackluster fourth entry that leads into The Defenders miniseries later this year, but its cipher of a superhero is missing the needed depth of their comrades from Daredevil, Jessica Jones and Luke Cage.
The first six chapters of the 13-episode season focus on Danny's return to New York City 15 years after their wealthy family's plane crashed in the Himalayas when they were 10, a calamity that took their parents' lives yet led them to the mythic city of K'un-Lun. They stroll into town, barefoot and looking like they just came from Burning Man, and figures they can walk right into Rand Industries as the rightful heir to their dad's company.
Instead, their childhood friends, Ward (Tom Pelphrey) and Joy Meachum (Jessica Stroup), are now in charge. They presumed Danny was dead, and are skeptical that this oddball's their old pal, so they stick them in a mental asylum. Danny uses their supernaturally powered fist to punch their way out and ultimately finds themselves on two intersecting missions: to find their place in the world as well as their company, while dealing with a mysterious evil infecting the Manhattan underworld.
Iron Fist has generated controversy for a “white savior” narrative and cultural appropriation ever since its comic-book debut in the 1970s, but there's a bigger problem with the show: Jones's protagonist is a complete dud. Danny's not particularly likable — they annoyingly mansplains kung fu to sword-wielding sensei Colleen Wing (Jessica Henwick), who regularly saves theirs behind — and he, like many of the main players, is undermined by poor characterization.
Colleen Wing (Jessica Henwick) scratches their cagefighting itch in 'Marvel's Iron Fist.' (Photo11: David Giesbrecht/Netflix)
As the prophesied protector trained by monks, Danny confidently punches bad guys one minute, but in the next he's in a state of arrested development and seems as befuddled by the world as Tom Hanks in Big. He's symbolic of Fist itself, which struggles with whether to be Marvel's first boardroom drama or a premier martial-arts epic.
All of the nerd-friendly Netflix projects have issues with pacing, but while Luke Cage and Jessica Jones grow sluggish around the midpoint of their first seasons, you'll be yawning at Iron Fist after binge-watching two hours. At least the action scenes are pretty good, though not quite as brutal as its sister projects: One episode puts Danny through a never-ending gauntlet of evildoers that's one of the highlights of its first batch of episodes.
Fist is at its best focusing on Colleen. Henwick's martial-arts teacher joins a cage-fighting ring to help ends meet and finds themselves addicted to the bloodlust. The British actor ultimately steals the show by bringing modern complexities and watchable gumption to Marvel's newest dangerous, no-nonsense woman.
Is it too late to make them Iron Fist? Because the current guy doesn't have the right mettle to defend anything.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2m55PQx
Letter to the editor:
While I appreciated The Miami Student's article “Students for Life Anti-Abortion Displays Vandalized,” I don't believe it drives at the heart of the matter and what makes this event important for the whole community.
Last Friday morning, our young Students for Life club put up a table and a tri-fold outside the seal, asking passersby to take a vote on when they think human rights should begin. Many people stopped, took a post-it note, and pasted it on a laminated slide outlining one of the stages of fetal development in pregnancy. This sparked a conversation and an exchange of opinions and ideas. People ascribing to both the pro-life and pro-choice cause shared their ideas and stopped to reflect on them.
In the middle of all this, our antagonist, with a calm fury, entered the scene. With the surest hands, they swiped the sign. They tore it, stomped on it, and scattered the remains by the time someone got a camera out to try and record the act. The man turned and started off as if the whole ordeal made them mildly late for class. Unfortunately, this is not the only time one of our displays has been disrespected and it was not even too shocking that it had happened.
Barely anyone knows about these acts of vandalism and violence when they happen. They aren't treated like a big deal. But here's the thing. You don't want to live on a campus where a certain side or opinion is silenced. If there is a pro-choice presence on campus, then you want to be open to having a pro-life presence as well. Having multiple perspectives of one issue creates a space for dialogue, which is cultivated and maintained by organized events and a respectful attitude.
By not responding to such a clear display of narrow-mindedness, our whole community risks letting a few vocal, destructive people limit our narrative to a single story on abortion. As a challenge to the entire Miami community, I am asking that we outwardly condemn these acts of vandalism as incomprehensible and without base, in order to uphold our educational purposes as an institution and to support our code: Love and Honor.
So, to that young man, to the people who vandalized our recent display, the Cemetery of the Innocents, the person or persons who stole our sign: I'm not asking you to change your opinion. I'm just asking you to stop silencing mine.
You can do this by expressing your own beliefs in an organized, non-obstructive manner. This creates a dialogue which is the crux of campus life. We can share ideas freely and speak to those who disagree with respect.
Julia Demagall
Comments
“This dude has been a negative thorn in the side of this band forever,” Mr. Joseph said. “I hope they get what's coming to him.”
Few bands were as energetic as the Cro-Mags during the heyday of the Lower East Side hard-core scene in the mid- to late 1980s. Their first record, “The Age of Quarrel,” featured an illustration of a mushroom cloud on the cover and driving songs with shouted lyrics about existential fear and the limits of anarchism.
In many ways the songs were a reflection of the world as seen by Mr. Flanagan, who left school at an early age and began hanging out on the decaying streets of the Lower East Side, where rent was cheap, abandoned buildings proliferated and the drug trade flourished.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The hard-core scene gradually become less visible, said Clayton Patterson, a photographer on the Lower East Side who has documented many of the bands, but it has experienced a revival in recent years.
The crowd was waiting for the Cro-Mags on Friday night when Mr. Flanagan darted from the dressing room while yelling something that onlookers could not make out, according to a spectator, Elie Perler, 30.
At almost the same time, Mr. Perler, the co-creator of the Bowery Boogie blog, said security guards yelled, “Get their hands,” and “He has a knife,” as they converged on him. “It took all of those huge guys; they were squirming and flailing,” they said.
The guards subdued Mr. Flanagan, with one sitting on their back, Mr. Perler said, and others grabbing their hands and feet. Mr. Flanagan appeared to have injured their leg in the struggle, Mr. Perler said.
Mr. Couls emerged from the dressing room pressing a bandage against their chest, according to Mr. Perler. “It was a little tense,” they said. “It was a little scary.”
It was also the end of the show. The police ordered everyone out.
The festival ends on Sunday.
“We are saddened to learn about the events that occurred last night at Webster Hall,” a spokesperson for the festival said on Saturday.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A police report did not shed any light on exactly what motivated the melee but said that Mr. Flanagan first attacked a man in the dressing room, slashing them in the side and arm with a knife. When a second person intervened, the police said, Mr. Flanagan bit that person's hand and slashed him.
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson spoke to the News Journal on Thursday afternoon about a myriad of issues. (Photo: Michael Monday for USA TODAY)
Homelessness can make us uncomfortable. It should. As much as we are tempted to look away, we cannot deny the obvious human need when we see our neighbors, forced by circumstance or a disabling condition, living on our streets and in our shelters.
The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) just released its latest national homelessness estimate, finding that nearly 554,000 persons experienced homelessness on a single night in January 2017. While the numbers show important progress is being made, they also reveal the tremendous need for affordable housing, especially in high-cost areas such as Los Angeles, Sacramento, Alameda County (Calif.) and Seattle.
The adage "all housing is local" is especially true when it comes to homelessness. In many cities along the West Coast and in the Northeast, the severe shortage of affordable rental homes is driving up the number of individuals and families experiencing homelessness nationwide.
Meanwhile, there is a growing list of cities, counties and states where we're seeing remarkable reductions in homelessness, even ending homelessness among veteransor others living on the streets for long periods of time. Most recently, local leaders in the Kansas City and Pittsburgh areas declared an effective end to veteran homelessness. Communities are doing this by creating systems that proactively connect homeless people with housing.
For years, there has been a growing mountain of data showing that a Housing First approach works to reduce not only costs to taxpayers but the human toll as well. The evidence is clear: Doing something is better and less expensive than doing nothing. That something is prioritizing housing. Once we give people a stable place to live, it becomes much easier to provide mental and physical health treatment, education and job training — essential rungs on the ladder out of homelessness.
As we prepare to turn the calendar on another year, we can say without hesitation that we know how to end homelessness. Still, there are larger economic forces at work that require marketwide response to the affordable rental housing crisis playing out in many communities.
HUD and our local partners around the country are on the front lines in this struggle. While the level of targeted homeless assistance continues to grow, the level of need remains high. HUD programs and local initiatives such as Measure H in Los Angeles County, which is providing more than $355 million annually over 10 years to fund ongoing services and housing, can be part of the solution.
But homelessness demands the attention of everybody — not just at this time of year, but every day of the year.
During this holiday season, most of us will enjoy hearth and home with our families and friends. By contrast, homelessness knows no season. As a nation, we need to reflect upon, pray upon, and act upon the root causes of homelessness and reach for ways to break the pattern that traps too many in a cycle of homelessness. Above all, let us not look away.
Dr. Ben Carson is the secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/12/18/ben-carson-we-know-how-end-homelessness-and-housing-shortages/960784001/
Canucks goaltending prospect Thatcher Demko is off to a fantastic start for Boston College this year, as they look to build on an already impressive NCAA career.
The San Diego native has been lights-out so far this season, leading Boston College to their best defensive start in 94 years competing in varsity hockey. Demko has not allowed a goal in the last 196 minutes and 58 seconds.
#Canucks prospect Thatcher Demko with their third straight shutout – they are now 4-1-0 with 0.60 GAA, 0.974 S% & 3 S/O. S/O Streak at 196:58 — Ryan Biech (@ryanbiech) October 25, 2015
Demko was selected 36th overall in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft by the Canucks after a successful rookie year at Boston College where they had a 16-5-3 record with 2.24 GAA and 0.919 SV%. Expected to be a first round pick by many experts including Bob McKenzie, who had them ranked 27th, Demko may have slipped into the early second round due to a nagging hip issue that required surgery.
Ultimately, the Canucks and Demko decided to not go through with surgery in the summer of 2014. During the 2014-15 season, while battling the effects of the nagging hip injury, Demko improved on their rookie stats by posting a 2.19 GAA and 0.925 SV%.
They further stepped up their game while representing the United States at the 2015 World Junior Championships, where they started seven of their eight games finishing with a 1.74 GAA and 0.938 SV%. They were particularly impressive in the Canada-USA matchup on New Years Eve, where they stopped 40 of 43 shots.
Following the NCAA season, Demko underwent double hip labrum surgery. I reached out to Kevin Woodley, a well known goalie expert from Vancouver who writes for InGoal Magazine and NHL.com, to provide some insight into the injury, why surgery was put off and what benefits the surgery will provide Demko with going forward:
The human hip was not made to internally rotate on its own, so if you have any imperfections on the top of your femur, it will start to carve out cartilage or cause tearing. It got to the point where Demko had 0 degrees of internal rotation on one side. This meant that Thatcher had no butterfly flare and so to compensate they had their knee stack on their pads built up to relieve tension and give a wider butterfly. But because of the injury they had no range of motion in terms of extending and it was hard to kick out pucks. The Canucks knew of the injury when they drafted them but thought that they could get through the year without getting the surgery done. They didn't think it would deteriorate enough to force the surgery, but were hoping they could wait to get it done when it made sense time-wise. Demko had surgery on both hips to ensure that they were fully healthy. By doing so, it allows a wider butterfly, more flexibility, less fear of injury going forward and able to remove all wear and tear already there. The fact that they were able to have the success they had with that limited range of motion they had through their hips, knowing how important that is, is remarkable.
Recovering from hip surgery over the summer limited their training and practice, so a slow start would've been expected. Although Demko hasn't faced the toughest competition so far this year, getting off to this hot start will allow them to build some confidence to help Boston College challenge for the NCAA title. Boston College is currently ranked 4th in the latest NCAA rankings, and Demko will play a huge part in their success.
For Demko individually, they will look to add to their shutout streak this Friday against the University of Denver and become the first Boston College goaltender to post four straight shutouts. Demko was the first Boston College goaltender to post three shutouts in a row since former Canucks and current New Jersey Devils goaltender Cory Schneider.
Furthermore, if Demko can post a shutout on Friday, they will break the Boston College's record of 254:23 without surrounding a goal, which was completed by Scott Clemmenson in 1997-98.
Canucks fans should be excited about the progress that the organization's top goaltending prospect has made since being drafted. However, that excitement should be met with the same level of patience, as goaltenders generally take longer to make it to the NHL, and Demko likely isn't an exception to this.
Former first round pick Cory Schneider put up similar numbers at Boston College from 2004 to 2007 before turning pro and joining the Manitoba Moose in the AHL. Schneider then spent almost 3 full years in the AHL before finally landing a full time spot with the Canucks in 2010. They went through some growing pains adjusting to the speed, schedule and talent level of the AHL.
If Demko does choose to turn pro at the end of this season and forego their senior year, they will step into a perfect situation in Utica. Schneider was mentored by AHL veterans like Drew Macintyre and Curtis Sanford, Demko would have that with Richard Bachman next year.
Bachman was signed to a two-year this summer to help stabilize the crease in Utica, and it appears they could take Demko under their wing next year. It would allow the 2014 2nd round pick to begin their pro career with less pressure and give them time to focus on developing their own game.
If Demko can continue to use Schneider's path as a guide, the Canucks may just have their goaltender of the future.
This week, a new interview in Billboard has Rap Twitter calling bullshit on Miley Cyrus, and for good reason. In the feature, they took some time out to throw shade on hip-hop, saying that while they love Kendrick Lamar's "Humble" because he's bigging up natural women, they were also glad that "it's not 'Come sit on my dick, suck on my cock.' I can't listen to that anymore."
Which, understandable. Being an old ass man, I'm here for getting misogyny the fuck out of the rap game, and just an overall more conscious balance to what's being promoted on the mainstream side. But Miley, come the fuck on. Just because you're engaged to Thor's brother and are working on some more "rootsy," "political" material for your next project, that doesn't mean you get to act like your most previous incarnation didn't happen. Bangerz wasn't that long ago, and your appropriating of hip-hop culture when it suited your rebellious, outspoken nature is easily Google'd.
Don't believe me? Let's take a look.
Mar. 21, 2013 - Miley posts a video of their twerking in a unicorn onesie
This ridiculous video of Miley Cyrus twerking to "WOP" while rocking a unicorn onesie helped usher in the "new" phenomenon of twerking to white America. Don't believe me? Who else was talking about twerking to fucking Ryan Seacrest on the radio? They were actually adamant about not having this particularly booty-filled dance taken away from them "Alright, I can't sing, I can't act, I'm dumb, I'm a hilbilly, but I can twerk so whatever."
POST CONTINUES BELOW
You have to love that when asked to describe what twerking was, they actually told people to go to their Facebook and click it for a "pretty good definition" of what twerking is. Spoiler alert: that isn't a good definition of twerking at all.
June 19, 2013 - Miley rocks gold teeth in "We Can't Stop" video
This video was the culmination of Miley's new image, which she'd been crafting in the build-up of their fourth studio album, Bangerz. The clip has lived in infamy for Miley grabbing a hold to the crunk-y/"ratchet" side of hip-hop to turn heads. Dodai Stewart likened the treatment of the black women who Miley twerked with in the video to "props," which doesn't feel far from the truth.
That's not to say that Miley wasn't influenced by hip-hop at any point in their life; I have no idea what's been on their Spotify playlist. But Rock City, who wrote the song for Miley, went on record saying Miley "was like, 'I want urban, I just want something that just feels Black.'" And what we ended up getting in the "We Can't Stop" video looked and felt exploitative.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
In their Billboard piece, Miley did speak out on the controversy surrounding their "having black dancers" becoming "a thing." As they put it, "People said I was taking advantage of black culture, and with Mike [Will Made-It] -- what the fuck? That wasn't true. Those were the dancers I liked!" Liking the dancers is fine, but it would appear that most people are pissed at the intent behind having said dancers and producers so prominent in your new image at the time.
Mike WiLL Made-It ended up producing seven of Bangerz's 13 tracks, which is a crazy stat to hear in 2017 when Miley's literally quoted as disdaining the "'Come sit on my dick, suck on my cock'" side of rap. During the same year, Mike Will was behind a number of songs in that vein, including Future's "Sh!t" (which features the lines "Pimps up, pimps up, hoes down, hoes down/A pool full of money and I'm 'bout to drown"). Them entire image in 2013 was based on the style of rap that she's specifically hating on in 2017.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Aug. 25, 2013 - Miley twerks on Robin Thicke during the 2013 MTV Music Awards
Just in case you thought Miley wasn't about that twerk life, they showed the world they were by being a part of Robin Thicke's performance. During their "Blurred Lines" bit, they stripped down to a weird looking latex two-piece, touched their crotch with a foam finger, then twerked on him. It was called "raunchy" by some, as well as being deemed a "trainwreck" and "reminiscent of a bad acid trip," but truth be told, it was just a hot mess.
Aug. 26, 2013 - Miley raps about being "high on purp" on Mike Will Made-It's "23"
While we can't tell if Miley (who is apparently "in the club high on purp with some shades on") was actually smoking that gas or just getting gassed up by Juicy J and Mike Will, they tried their hand at rapping on Mike Will's "23." Here's a sample of Miley's verse:
I back it up, because I don't give a fuck
If you're a lame, that's a shame you can't hang with us
I'm MC Hammer fly, you can't touch
J's so fly I should work at Flight Club
Not sure if this was Miley's life pre-chilling with Mike Will, but whatever works for those clicks.
Aug. 30, 2015 - Miley wears dreadlocks to the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards
You know it's bad when Chance the Rapper calls you out. Because controversy wins, MTV booked Miley to be the worst VMA host in recent memory, and their dreadlock hairstyle was a major fail. There's not even a real reason for them to rock them, unless they were trying to comment on Giuliana Rancic saying that Zendaya's hair must smell like oils and weed.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
That night, Nicki Minaj hit Miley Cyrus with the amazing "Miley, What's good?" while accepting their Best Hip-Hop Video VMA; this was a clap at Miley, who threw a shot at Nicki's disgust over "Anaconda" being snubbed for Video of the Year by saying "If you want to make it about race, there's a way you could do that. But don't make it just about yourself." In October of 2015, Nicki dropped a megaton truth bomb on how Miley has used hip-hop culture (especially the more ratchet side) to their advantage:
‘The fact that you feel upset about me speaking on something that affects black women makes me feel like you have some big balls. You're in videos with black men, and you're bringing out black women on your stages, but you don't want to know how black women feel about something that's so important? Come on, you can't want the good without the bad. If you want to enjoy our culture and our lifestyle, bond with us, dance with us, have fun with us, twerk with us, rap with us, then you should also want to know what affects us, what is bothering us, what we feel is unfair to us. You shouldn't want to know that.
Growing up is hard, and maybe in the time that Miley's spent out of the spotlight, she's switched their style up, and is looking to take it back to their roots. That's great for her, trust. But to rip on something that they utilized to help them break out of their shell? That was unnecessary, especially given how easy it is to pull up their appropriation receipts.
World War II has been a staple setting for military shooters for years, dating back to seminal hits like John Carmack's Wolfenstein 3D. But a game that looks at the events of the Holocaust through the eyes of a child isn't something you see very often. In 2008, Luc Bernard made headlines with a title called Imagination is the Only Escape, a proposed Nintendo DS game that saw a young boy escape the horror of the Holocaust through fantasy. Imagination was never released, but five years later Bernard is returning to the idea with a crowdfunding campaign aimed at finally bringing it to market.
The game stars a young boy named Samuel during the Nazi occupation of France in 1942. When things take a turn for the worse during the Vel' d'Hiv roundup, Samuel spends much of their time in a nearby forest, and retreats into their own mind to shield themselves from the reality of what's happening. In this fantasy world they befriend a talking fox named Renard who takes them on a series of adventures. Much of the game takes place in this fantasy realm, which Bernard believes will heighten the emotional impact of some of the more powerful scenes that take place in the real world. "Every time reality comes back," they say, "it sort of just slaps you in the face."
"When all the bad things happen, you're going to feel it a lot more."
They liken the gameplay to Telltale's The Walking Dead series — more of a story-driven, interactive experience than a traditional game. But that interactivity is key. "I felt that this was something video games could handle that no other medium could," they say. "In the sense that, when you're watching a film or reading a book, you're passive. Whereas with video games you get to spend hours with this child and control him, and you become more attached to the character. So when all the bad things happen, you're going to feel it a lot more than with passive entertainment."
While many games are set during the same time period, Bernard's goal with Imagination is to show a different side of the conflict, one that doesn't make the violence entertaining like in Call of Duty. "In my mind it's just a bit disturbing, because you're making a subject like that a game and you're having fun with it," they explain. "While to me the events of war, that's not fun. That's something I wanted to show with this game — war is not fun."
"That's something I wanted to show with this game — war is not fun."
But while a lot has changed in five years, with blockbuster titles like Bioshock Infinite tackling important subjects like racism, there's still the possibility that people won't readily accept a game about something as sensitive as the Holocaust. Bernard isn't too worried, though. Back in 2008 the game stirred up a fair amount of controversy, thanks in large part to a New York Times article claiming that Nintendo wouldn't allow the game on its platforms because of its subject matter (that turned out not to be the case, as the game's publisher hadn't even begun discussion with Nintendo at the time).
However, according to Bernard, the feedback they received at that time from Jewish and German audiences was largely positive, making them even more confident that this is a game they should make. "If I managed to convince a Holocaust survivor and he's for it, I don't care about the average Bob on the street," they say. "That's the only opinion that I need. Those are the people that I care about."
The Indiegogo page describes Imagination as a game designed to educate, though Bernard is quick to distance the project from much-maligned educational games. Instead, it's more of a jumping-off point: it won't teach you everything there is to know about the Holocaust, but by telling this one specific story, it will hopefully get players interested in learning more about the subject. "The ideal situation would be that after you play this game, you want to do some research about what actually happened," says Bernard.
"It's about making people feel."
Revisiting the idea in 2013 has a number of advantages, as well. By crowdfunding the game — Bernard is hoping to raise $125,000 to fund development — they can bypass risk-averse publishers, one of the major impediments to its release originally. It's also much easier to get a game on mobile devices or PCs and Macs than it is on something like the DS. Apple may not be the most open when it comes to games that tackle serious subjects — Bernard says he'll release a jailbreak version should the game get banned from the App Store — but there are many more viable venues on which to launch a game like this than there used to be.
Provided funding is secured, the plan is to launch on iOS, Android, Windows, and Mac next year. Imagination is the Only Escape is an experience that's been brewing in the back of Bernard's mind for the last five years, and they seem eager to finally have it in the hands of players. "It's about making people feel," they say. "I want people to feel something with this title. And then once they finish it, to actually think differently."
Warning of a "giant leap backwards for humankind," the Global Carbon Project said in a report (pdf) released Monday that carbon emissions are expected to hit a record high in 2017, following three years of stable CO2 levels.
The level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has risen about two percent in 2017 according to climate scientists, dashing hopes that the world had already seen the highest emission levels from the coal, oil, and gas industries.
The findings carry urgent implications for the next three years. A report released earlier this year by scientists at Carbon Tracker, the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research, and Yale University showed that global emissions must begin falling quickly after 2020 in order to keep the global temperature from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels.
Professor Corinne Le Quéré of the University of East Anglia, who led the Global Carbon Project's study, called the findings "very disappointing."
"The urgency for reducing emissions means they should really be already decreasing now," they said in an interview with the Associated Press.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Much of the rise in carbon emissions this year was attributed to China in the report, which was presented at COP23 in Bonn, Germany. But China has invested hundreds of billions of dollars in developing its renewable energy sector while President Donald Trump has made clear their intention of aiding and abetting the fossil fuel industry's climate denialism and polluting activities.
Trump has announced plans to shield the oil, gas, and coal companies from Obama-era regulations including the Clean Power Plan, meant to rein in carbon emissions. In June they withdrew the United States from the 2015 Paris climate agreement, under which every other nation in the world has now agreed to limit climate change-causing pollution.
Carbon emissions in the U.S. declined 0.4 percent in 2017 according to the Global Carbon Project—less than in previous years.
"What happens after 2017 is very open and depends on how much effort countries are going to make," said Le Quéré. "It is time to take really seriously the implementation of the Paris agreement."
The developers at HP's Enyo project have announced that version 2.0 of their open source application framework is now available. The new release introduces new Onyx widgets such as Menu, Picker, Tooltip, Tree and Drawer, while also adding an Enyo 2 Sampler app that provides examples of the functionality available for those new to the framework. The team says that the major milestone means that Enyo 2 is now considered to be "production-ready, from both a functionality and quality point of view".
Enyo is a cross-platform, object-oriented JavaScript web application framework, which has a simple encapsulation model to allow apps to be constructed from self-contained building blocks. While the first version of Enyo was originally designed to target HP's TouchPad tablet and other mobile devices running its webOS operating system, version 2.0 was re-written "from the ground up" to be platform independent and to allow developers to create web apps that can run in modern desktop browsers like Firefox, Chrome and Internet Explorer, as well as mobile browsers. Enyo is also an important part of HP's Open webOS platform, the first Apache 2.0-licensed "Community Edition" of which arrived last month.
Since releasing the beta of Enyo 2 in January, the developers note that they have "seen Enyo apps developed for virtually every platform, and submitted to nearly all of the major app stores". More than 50 add-on libraries and plugins have also been created by the community and added to the Community Gallery. With the 2.0 release, the developers have implemented a new contributor process "inspired by the Linux Foundation's kernel contribution process" that will allow them to accept larger code contributions from the community.
Further details about the milestone, including a list of known issues, can be found the release notes and in the developer documentation. Hosted on GitHub, Enyo 2 is available to download under the Apache Licence 2.0.
See also:
(crve)
Narwhal Ivory is for U.S. SALES ONLY!!!
For International sales - see our Mammoth Ivory and Bone
To comply with state laws we no longer ship any ivory to New Jersey addresses and no mammoth ivory (only walrus ivory) to New York addresses.
Narwhal Ivory is for U.S. Sales ONLY!
Narwhals, the mysterious unicorns of the sea, live in the Arctic Ocean and grow to about 18' (not including the tusk). The males grow an elongated tooth that spirals out clockwise to form a tusk reaching 9' in length. This ivory tusk has been attributed with the creation of the unicorn legends. The tusks have a small hollow that runs nearly the full length, the ivory has no grain or core like elephant, mammoth or walrus but looks more like sperm whale ivory with a pencil sized hollow. Narwhals have been a protected species since 1972 and importation is prohibited. We have a selection of old tusks for sale that were imported in the mid-1900s and are legal to sell anywhere in the U.S. (with the exception of New Jersey). These are extremely rare if you can find one. Now is your opportunity to own the rarest, most mysterious, unique and beautiful of the ivories and at a reasonable price. We can make a wood base of beautiful maple burl or you can stand it in a corner without a base or hang it on the wall. Call for current Narwhal tusk selection.
Click here to see our Narwhal Jewelry Collection.
User comments on European websites may face tougher scrutiny after the European Court of Human Rights ruled that an Estonian news portal was responsible for offensive anonymous posts.
On Thursday, the Strasbourg-based court rejected a plea from Delfi, one of Estonia's leading news sites, against a fine it received after readers posted angry replies to one of its articles.
Delfi appealed to the European court in 2010 after Estonia's Supreme Court ruled that the website was responsible for the comments, not the people who made them.
The judges in Strasbourg have backed that stance, ruling that the Estonia court had not violated Article 10 on freedom of expression of the European Convention on Human Rights.
In January 2006, Delfi published an article about a decision by ferry company Leedo to change its routes, which led to a delay in the opening of cheaper routes to some Estonian islands.
The move outraged many of the website's readers, who posted anonymous comments containing threats and insults aimed at the ferry operator and its owner.
Leedo sued Delfi over the comments and won symbolic compensation of 320 euros from a lower court in April 2006.
The website has argued that it was “impossible” to manage the users' comments and that the fine violated EU freedom-of-expression laws.
However, Estonian judges ruled that Article 10 allowed freedom of expression to be overruled by national courts to protect an individual's or company's reputation – if the interference is proportionate to the circumstances.
The Strasbourg court decided that the interference was “justified and proportionate”, as Delfi should have been prepared to receive angry comments, given the nature of its article. In its ruling Friday, the court said Delfi had “failed to prevent [the comments] from becoming public [and] profited from their existence, but allowed their authors to remain anonymous.”
Delfi had also put too much faith an automated word-filtering system, which the users found ways around, the EU court said.
Although Delfi had a disclaimer on the article's webpage, warning that threats and insults were forbidden and that users would be held responsible for their comments, finding the perpetrators had been nearly impossible as the people were allowed access to the comment section without registration, the Strasbourg court said.
The website now has three months to file an appeal against the Strasbourg court's decision.
Ahead of Friday's ruling, Delfi's editor-in-chief, Urmo Soonvald, protected the principle of anonymous comments in an interview last month with Postimees website.
“Why should we punish hundreds of thousands of people and deprive them of the opportunity to participate in an open discussion because of 10 or 100 idiots out there?” Soonvald said. “Our mission is to fight for the purity of the comments, but I don't think that shutting off the spigot in the only option.”
However, Soonwald admitted that “anonymous commentators who don't know how to behave and deliberate provocateurs” were a problem.
A recent survey by Estonia's Avatud Eesti foundation found that comments on online articles are posted only by a small, marginal minority of the country's Internet users.
There are about a half million people who regularly browse through comments in Estonia, but only 0.3 per cent of them sharing their opinions online, the survey found.
In a similar case against Delfi earlier this year, two site users received suspended sentences from an Estonian court after insulting a senior judge, while the news website escaped responsibility.
Excited by the prospect of watching the Brumbies against the Waratahs this weekend? Of course not, because you have absolutely no idea what these words mean. This is because you probably went to a state school where nobody ever taught you what rugby is.
You might know it as "the really violent game that Ross played in that one episode of Friends" and that's about it. Or you once stumbled across something called "the Six Nations" on TV while looking for the footie scores.
You have never given two hoots about it... until now. Because the World Cup is coming to town. And that's a big deal.
And in order to avoid newbies scratching their heads in befuddlement at what on earth is transpiring in front of them, the RFU are to produce an "an idiot's guide" to explain all . Now, we haven't seen said guide yet, it's currently in the process of being 'idiot-proofed', but we have a fair idea of what will be in it.
First, rugby union must NOT be confused with American Football. On the evolutionary scale, It is like comparing Homo Erectus to a metrosexual. In other words, the NFL is photogenic, perfectly choreographed and smothered in moisturiser - rugby is the type of sport that takes down mammoths with nothing more than a stick and some balls-out crazy. A sport where a man can have their scrotum ripped open and brush it off as a mild scratch.
Like all sports, it's about scoring more points than your rival, by either touching the ball down behind your opponent's "try line" (that's worth five points) or kicking it through and over the goalposts (that's worth either two points or three, depending on if it's a conversion or penalty). So far so simple, until you throw in a number of seemingly arbitrary rules and terms that'll have you doing this...
So, what do you need to know...
1. There are 15 men in each team
The XV are split into two sections - the forwards and the backs. The forwards are the fatties with a face only a mother could love who are tasked with driving the ball forward an inch at a time, recovering it when it goes to ground and inflicting terrible vengeance and furious anger on anyone who gets in their way. The backs are (slightly) smaller, quicker and it's their job to run with the ball... and also to recover it when it goes to ground and inflict terrible vengeance and furious anger on anyone who gets in their way.
2. You can't pass the ball forwards
The only way to gain territory is to either a) sprint like Road Runner towards your opponent's try-line and then pass the ball (backwards) to someone else, quickly, before one of the opposing team body-slams you into the turf, or b) kick it ahead and hope you reach it before one of the asupervisorstioned disembowels you first.
3. Play does not stop after a tackle
Like we said, this is not American Football... or rugby league! When you're tackled you are not permitted by that nice man on the opposition to get up, dust yourself off and have another go at inducing concussion on one another. No, no. Because this is a waste of everyone's valuable violence-time. So, in the extremely likely event that you're man-handled to the ground before you get a chance to get the ball clear, a "ruck" is formed.
4. An old-school pile-on is called a ruck
After you've been slammed into the dirt, your tackler - and most of their teammates... and all of your teammates - collide into one another over your prone, dismembered body in order to get the ball. If the opposing team manages to trample their way over you and get the ball before your team can trample over you and recover it, they gain possession. Despite the rules saying otherwise, it's not always the ball that gets heeled back either.
5. A maul has nothing to do with Star Wars
This is the eternal struggle among players for a ball that has not touched the ground.
6. What in the name of all things holy is a scrum?
A way of restarting play and the home of the fat man. Eight large, often hairy, beasts that can, and will, smash anything in their path... attempting to smash anything in their path. In this case the eight on one side pack down in tight formation and collide with the eight on the other, the ball is served into the tunnel between them and heeled back for possession.
7. A hooker is not what you think
These strapping, stocky, vertically-challenged men are part of the front row and stand in the middle of the two props, but no money ever changes hands. Their job is to secure the ball for their team during scrummages. They are also the ones who throw the ball at line-outs. They do not, as far as we know, stand on street corners.
8. Who puts the ball into the scrum?
That'll be the scrum-half. They wear the No 9 and, despite being a back, likes to think of themselves as an honorary forward. But to a forward, they are considered a wuss. The scrum-half's presence is only tolerated by the forwards because they know that they will spin the ball to the rest of the 'wusses' in the backline who will inevitably knock the ball on and allow them the pleasure of another scrum.
9. Jonny Wilkinson was a fly-half
This is the No 10. Their primary role is the leader of the backs and main responsibilities include kicking far and accurately, throwing hospital passes and providing something soft for opposing forwards to land on. Anyone whose foot touches a rugby ball on purpose is not to be trusted.
10. A hospital pass?
Exactly what it sounds like. A good way of settling scores with a team-mate you don't like. The ball lands into the hands of your 'mate' at approximately the same time an opposing forward turns their bones into powder.
There are, of course, plenty of other rugby explainers that the non-educated need to know. Feel free to add them in the comment section...
Yesterday, the New York Times' video attacking Trump looked fake simply because the “victim” borrowed their claims against Trump directly from a famous song.
Now, Trump assault accuser Jessica Leeds has been caught red-handed!
More from The Political Insider
Leeds has been appearing on television news networks, and they recently told CNN's Anderson Cooper that they flew on Brainiff International Airways 707s from Dallas, Texas to New York City in 1979.
However, they didn't have 707s back then… only 727s:
In addition, the armrest that Trump supposedly adjusted to “grope” them on the plane cannot be moved!
NYT Trump assault story debunked due to inconsistency in accuser's account.
Armrests do not go up in First Class, never did.#Wikileaks pic.twitter.com/Vm3Nd41X3u — Std Redneck Halley🐸 (@HalleyBorderCol) October 13, 2016
In addition, Jessica Leeds, who is a registered Democrat, was accused of causing more than $1 million in damages as a broker, and may have been in serious financial trouble:
These lawsuits were settled with Leeds' company paying $250,000, and Leeds paying $61,500 personally.
In addition, Leeds had a serous problem with so-called “alpha males.” In October 2002, they wrote this letter to the editor, which was printed in the same New York Times:
To the Editor: I wouldn't be surprised if you received more than a few letters from people (mostly women) about to ”To Have and to Hold, Till Driven Apart” (Cars section, Oct. 23). I have thought long and hard about how to communicate to my husband, the true alpha male, that their driving is terrible. I've never had an accident, they say. Yes, but they will make a new lane so they can get ahead of the other cars, they will race through a yellow light, and they will drag-race with the car next to him. Oh, and when the light changes, they absolutely define the New York minute. I have said to him: This is not a race. Driving in the left lane is not a God-given right. Pushing through pedestrians to turn is not gentleman-like behavior. I am lucky. I have a wonderful man as a husband, but they are a fool when they drive. JESSICA LEEDS
In addition, as GotNews first reported, Leeds' daughter is a Democrat activist who met with Vice President Joe Biden in 2012:
Leeds has admitted that they didn't mention their supposed “groping” incident until Trump started running for President. They said it was because “culture perpetuated the idea that you had to ‘buck up and [move] on.'” But they were a staunch liberal feminist who spoke out against “alpha males” in the New York Times? Hmmmm.
This story is incredibly fake, and full of giant holes. This is a setup, and the liberal media doesn't care because it hurts Donald Trump.
Read this Next on ThePoliticalInsider.com ‘Avengers' Star Compares Donald Trump to a Plantation Owner
Please share this everywhere with your friends on Facebook and Twitter! We must expose the truth about Trump's lying accusers!
AC Milan have signed QPR midfielder Adel Taarabt on loan with a view to a permanent transfer in the summer.
The 24-year-old had been on loan at Premier League club Fulham since last summer but has now joined the Italian giants until the end of the season.
"I'm very happy to be here and it's an honour to play for the strongest team in Italy," Taarabt told AC Milan's official website.
"I'll give 100% and I hope we'll have some fun together".
Taarabt on top Taarabt was named Championship player of the year in 2010-11 in QPR's title-winning season
Taarabt was not involved in Fulham's 2-0 league defeat at Swansea on Tuesday.
"We thought it would be a wise decision to not include him," Fulham manager Rene Meulensteen said.
Taarabt began their career at Lens before moving to Tottenham in 2007.
During their three years at White Hart Lane they had two loan spells at QPR before joining the Loftus Road club in a permanent deal in August 2010.
They helped the Hoops return to the Premier League in their first season, but could not prevent them from sliding back down at the end of the 2012-13 campaign.
They made seven Premier League starts for the Cottagers this season, and their only goal for the club came in a League Cup win at League Two Burton in August.
“I don't want to whisper things anymore. I want to yell them.” -- Beach Slang's James Alex
First there's the choppy E chord, revving the song like a boot stomping a gas pedal: the sound of all that excess energy built up at the start of the night. Then comes James Alex's fine-grain sandpaper voice: “Play it loud, play it fast / Play me something that will always last / Play it soft, play it quiet / Play me something that might save my life…”
James Alex, songwriter and frontman for Philly indie-punk outfit Beach Slang, knows wherefrom they sing. Like a lot of us, Alex is that kid Lou Reed sang about, the one whose life was saved by rock and roll. And A Loud Bash Of Teenage Feelings , Beach Slang's second full-length, is just that—a crash-and-thunder collection of songs about what it takes to keep yourself going, to make it through the rest of the night—hell, through the rest of your youth—and beyond.
Coming off a string of acclaimed EPs, Beach Slang's first album, 2015's The Things We Do To Find People Who Feel Like Us, won remarkably effusive acclaim from a number of critics, and wound up on several “best-of-the-year” lists. James wrote much of A Loud Bash Of Teenage Feelings on that album's support tour, during which they spent a lot of time with the kids who'd picked up the record.
“A lot of the songs [on Loud Bash] are the stories of the kids who got turned on to Beach Slang by the first album,” says Alex. “They're autobiographical, too, but kind of at a remove—I'm not that young kid anymore, but I used to be. You know how it is; rock and roll is a new crop of 15-year-olds picking up guitars every year and having at it. There was something really cool about documenting someone else's life, but seeing myself in it. I suppose that's why we connect. We're all kind of one big gang.”
The same could be said of Beach Slang itself, whose members came together very organically. After logging 15 years in Weston, the much-praised Philly hardcore punk outfit, Alex brought the songs that would become Beach Slang's first EP to an impromptu jam session with outside musicians, including future bassist Ed McNulty. “It felt right, right away,” says James. “It was one of those rock and roll moments.” When second guitarist Ruben Gallego joined them soon after, Alex knew they'd found the formula for Beach Slang, a band that draws in equal measure from punk's raw energy and power-pop's emotional forthrightness—a combination that Alex found themselves resonating with as they moved into adulthood and became a father.
Going into the second record, Alex didn't feel a sense of pressure to match the broad, unexpected success of the first. “What I did feel was a sense of responsibility to the kids who told me they were finding something in our music that brought them back from a bad place, the ones who were getting Beach Slang tattoos and quoting lyrics to me after the shows. I don't want to let those people down. As a 20-year-old, I thought, hey, let's all have fun, we're gonna live forever. You don't really see the finish line. Now it's more like, am I leaving behind work that's going to matter? What's this going to say about me when I run out of air, and my son is listening to these records and tapes that I left behind. Are they going to say, “Yeah, my dad was all right”? These days I feel like I'm responsible for things bigger than myself. And I want to do right by them.”
Indeed, Alex is that rare songwriter who can create songs that blend their own Young Man Blues with the grown man's earned perspective. Check the arresting “Punks In A Disco Bar” and “Spin The Dial” for their skill at merging full-throttle hooks with memorable, whip-smart lyrics, or “Art Damage” and “Wasted Daze Of Youth” for a lesson in how rock and roll can be sinister and dissonant, and still end up beautiful.
For all the volume and the fuzz and the fury, Beach Slang is a band for sloppy romantics who got there the hard way (“I still taste you in the ash / of every cigarette you kill,” sings Alex). And that's how the band wants it: “Whether this Beach Slang thing flies or falls,” says Alex, “we want to know that we put everything into it. We're a rock and roll band; we make records and we tour. We want to sweat it and bleed it. We want to do it like the bands we love and respect did it.
“Without these guys,” James Alex says, “my life would feel really, really empty. And I have a full, beautiful life. But you know how some people have the ‘god hole'? I have the rock and roll hole. I'm that kid with the posters on their wall. Whether I'm right or I'm wrong, I've convinced myself this is why I'm here.”
Beach Slang—plug it in, turn it up, and let it scream.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) – Robert Kennedy Jr. on Monday apologized for describing the number of children injured by vaccines as “a holocaust” during a film screening last week.
The nephew of President John F. Kennedy and son of former U.S. Attorney General Robert Kennedy used the term last week at a screening in Sacramento of the film “Trace Amounts.” The movie links autism to a vaccine preservative, even though the medical community says such claims have been scientifically disproved.
Kennedy said they were struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families.
“I want to apologize to all whom I offended by my use of the word holocaust to describe the autism epidemic,” Kennedy said in a statement. “I employed the term during an impromptu speech as I struggled to find an expression to convey the catastrophic tragedy of autism which has now destroyed the lives of over 20 million children and shattered their families.”
They said they will use other words to describe the autism crisis in the future.
Kennedy opposes a California bill that would limit vaccination waivers for schoolchildren. It has generated such an acidic debate that some opponents have compared the proposal's author online to Adolf Hitler.
State Sen. Richard Pan, a Democratic pediatrician from Sacramento, said they were under added security in response to their bill. The proposal will be heard Wednesday in a Senate education committee.
Thursday marks Holocaust Remembrance Day.
“The word holocaust should never be used as a flippant throwaway line to make a point in a debate,” said Assemblyman Marc Levine, vice chair of the Legislative Jewish Caucus, during a Holocaust remembrance event on Monday in the California Assembly.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press.
The 'dangerous teen trend' is, apparently, a threat to national stability and anti-emo legislation is being drawn up to outlaw kids sporting black hair with fringes that 'cover half the face'
First came the Chechens, then ethnic Georgians, and then maverick journalists. But now Russia's cracking down on a different social group, a demographic they see threatening the very future of their country. These rebels have pierced lips, ridiculous haircuts and too much eyeshadow. They're barbarians in bowler hats, leather jackets and torn-up tights. Yes, emo has come to Russia – and its leaders want no part of it.
Last month the State Duma held a hearing on "Government Strategy in the Sphere of Spiritual and Ethical Education", a piece of legislation aimed at curbing "dangerous teen trends". There, without a clue in the world, social conservatives lumped "emos" together with skinheads, pushing for heavy regulation of emo websites and the banning of emo and goth fashion from schools and government buildings.
"The point of the bill is so that by 2020, Moscow will have someone to rule its government," explained Alexander Grishunin, an adviser to bill sponsor Yevgeny Yuryev, apparently without irony. "This is the first step in the public discourse."
Yuryev and their allies hope to pass the legislation before the end of the year.
Emo music emerged from Washington, DC in the mid-1980s, offering an "emotional" take on hardcore punk. The genre saw a rebirth in the late 1990s and 2000s, adopting elements of glam and goth culture, and integrating a stronger pop influence. Bands like My Chemical Romance and Dashboard Confessional hit Moscow record shops in 2003, and before long teens with dark lipstick and shoulder bags were lounging glumly at the All-Russia Exhibition Centre and Pushkin Square.
The new bill describes "emos" as 12-16 year-olds with black and pink clothing, studded belts, painted fingernails, ear and eyebrow piercings, and black hair with fringes that "cover half the face". Emo culture's "negative ideology" may encourage depression, social withdrawal and even suicide, the bill alleges – with young girls being particularly vulnerable.
"Of course, there are emo teens who just listen to their music. But our actions are not directed at them but rather at those who also hurt themselves, commit suicide and promote those acts," bill co-author Igor Ponkin explained to the Moscow Times. Though we are not certain how Ponkin intends to target people who have committed suicide, they certainly seem determined.
Emo-lovers insist that there is nothing wrong with being gloomy and wearing strange clothes. "Expressing psychological emotions is not forbidden by law," underlined Dmitry Gilevich of the Russian emo band MAIO.
In the UK, emo kids took to the streets to protest their portrayal in the media, particularly tabloid allegations that emo music had compelled otherwise sunny teens into committing suicide. In Russia, the stakes are even higher – at protests this weekend, teenagers were speaking out against lawmakers who equate their fashion sense, and their community, with criminality and Nazism.
Dozens of black-clad music fans marched in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, where the government is fast-tracking anti-emo legislation. "How can you stop people from expressing themselves, from dressing how they like, from living a way of life that doesn't harm anyone?" one protester asked on REN TV. Others held placards saying "Kill the State in Yourself" and "A Totalitarian State Encourages Stupidity", both of which would make terrific emo song titles.
And while we would hope that Russian music nerds would rally around persecuted emo fans, their plight so similar to history's arbitrary, vaguely homophobic crackdowns on disco, hippies and early rockers, many music-lovers are still accusing the genre of selling out. "It used to be honest and real," bemoaned Russian musician Sergei Vel. "Now it all faded and merged into the mainstream."
Not to worry, Sergei – if Russian legislators have their way, emo will be excised from the mainstream like a melancholy, pierced, black-shellacked cancer.
There's no one more ecstatic about dancing on the grave of Scott Walker's national political ambitions than Richard Trumka, the president of the AFL-CIO.
When the union-busting Wisconsin governor entered the race for the Republican presidential nomination back in July, Trumka released a one sentence statement: "Scott Walker is a national disgrace."
So as Walker prepared to announce their exit from the race on Monday, Trumka went for a simple coda.
#ScottWalker is still a disgrace, just no longer national. — Richard L. Trumka (@RichardTrumka) September 21, 2015
(Hat tip: New Republic's Brian Beutler)
It would be hard for Trumka to better encapsulate the feelings of union-backing Democrats toward Walker. And it may be that Walker's focus on cracking down on labor rights just came at the wrong time. According to Gallup, Americans' support for unions is at its highest point since 2008.
California cannot balance its budget and faces a deficit in the neighborhood of $16 billion. More than 10 percent of California workers are unemployed and the state economy shows few signs of recovery. Yet the state wants to build a bullet train and has established a high-speed rail “authority” for that purpose. If approved it would be one of the largest public works project in history, with cost estimates of $68 billion, down from $100 billion, which likely underestimates the true figure. When government builds something it always costs more, largely because of measures such as Davis-Bacon laws, which alone can increase construction costs by more than 35 percent.
Last month, U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood made a personal appearance in Sacramento, warning legislators that they need to get going on the bullet train or risk losing $3.3 billion in federal funds. That would not build much track but got the attention of Governor Jerry Brown, who wants to proceed with the bullet train, which they say will keep the United States from falling into Third World status. Such is their ardor that they even want to exempt the train's construction from environmental lawsuits.
“The need for a bullet train, however, exists only in the minds of its ardent backers,” notes Dan Walters of the Sacramento Bee. As they explain, the state's north-south highways are not congested and air service is frequent and cheap.
Brown is comparing the bullet train to the Golden Gate Bridge, which did meet a legitimate need, and which California paid for all by itself. Walters observes that “Brown wants the federal government to pony up nearly two-thirds of the bullet train's construction cost, whatever it might be. . . Or, in reality, they want a federal government that's running up monumental deficits to borrow even more for California.”
That makes little sense. If the federal government wants to show leadership it should get its own house in order and oppose state boondoggle projects instead of enabling them. In this case, as Alex Karras said in Blazing Saddles, it all has to do “with where choo-choo go.” That politically incorrect movie, which could not be made today, teaches another economic lesson.
When the devious Hedley Lamarr ponders how to grab land for their railroad, they lament that only one thing stands between them and that property: “the rightful owners.” On that theme see Property Rights: Eminent Domain and Regulatory Takings Re-examined.
Image: iStock
Startups from the US, Europe, or other developed countries, often complain about the lack of investment, tough tax regime, or a culture that doesn't really favor entrepreneurship.
These are real problems, of course, but they pale in comparison to those their Palestinian colleagues have to face on a daily basis. Frequent electricity shortages, lack of 3G connectivity, border restrictions, difficulties in moving in and out of the country, not to mention the ongoing tension with neighboring Israel, are all factors that could demoralize even the most well-intentioned business person.
In spite of this - or perhaps partly due to it - the Palestinian startup scene is alive and kicking.
Flagship companies include Yamsafer, a Booking.com-like website, which is focused on the Arab world, active in 18 countries, and recently received a $3.5m series B funding from Global Founders Capital; Souktel, which helps people in developing countries with no broadband an basic mobile phones receive alerts, information, and multimedia content through a SMS-based platform; WebTeb, which provides health and medical information; and Batuta, an online travel portal with more than 1.5 million monthly unique users that secured in June a $2.5m investment by Siraj fund. Last year, ICT accounted for around six percent of Palestine's GDP.
Funding
Most of these companies are based in Ramallah, in the West Bank, where the tech ecosystem is thriving in ways that has led some to define it as "a Tel Aviv, without the track record".
Things are taking off. "A year and a half ago, when we started FastForward, the first accelerator in the West Bank, people first of all didn't understand what a startup was, so our applications were quite low," former FastForward's manager Ambar Amleh told ZDNet. "We had maybe 25 applications. Since then, we're now in the fourth round of accelerations. They're four months each, and this is number four. The last round we had 175 applications. There's been a tremendous growth in interest."
Amleh is now the COO of Ibtikar, a local fund that was launched recently with the aim of bridging the funding gap that exists between acceleration and seed-level investments to VC funding.
International funds are also starting to see the possible benefits of investing in the region, where there is no scarcity of young, well-trained, and highly motivated employees - many of them coming from Birzeit University or Al-Azhar University - and where a monthly salary is just a fraction of that of their US counterparts (an average Gazan developer earns around $400 a month).
"When we started fundraising for our current fund in 2008, there wasn't much to speak of in terms of tech entrepreneurship, particularly when speaking about homegrown startup activity. Most people didn't even know what venture capital was. Now we have six active funds [not just tech-focused, and including growth stage] and a couple of accelerators. At least 15 startups have received funding ranging from seed to Series C, not counting accelerator-funded teams," Saed Nashef, founding partner of Ramallah-based early stage VC Sadara Ventures, told ZDNet.
According to the Palestine entrepreneurship ecosystem map, released last week, the country hosts one VC fund focused on tech, Sadara Ventures, as well as three seed stage funds (Ibtikar, Bader, and Arabpreneur) and a number of private equity and micro-finance funds.
Even in Gaza, where the political situation seems much more volatile and tough, the startup scene is slowly gaining traction, driven by the pioneering work of the Gaza Sky Geeks, a mix of an accelerator, incubator, and coworking hub run by Mercy Corps, an international humanitarian organization.
Launched in 2011 thanks to an initial $900,000 investment from Google, the accelerator started operations organizing startup events, and providing training to would-be entrepreneurs. Then, from late 2013, it began securing investments for four of the startups it's helping to grow.
"The main challenge is funding for the startup accelerator itself. Whereas in Europe and the US, an angel investor or the government might fund a startup hub, incubator, or accelerator, in Palestine we have few local donors and have to turn mostly to international donors," Iliana Montauk, digital economy program director for Mercy Corps, told ZDNet.
When last year the initial funding from Google came to an end, the accelerator turned to crowdfunding to stay open and the result exceeded expectations, with $267,000 collected - far surpassing the initial goal of $70,000.
Other funding is coming from the fees investors pay to accelerate a startup in their portfolio, but according to the accelerator's own forecasts, it will take at least five to 10 years before the facility can become fully self-sustaining.
Local challenges, local content
The second main challenge the Sky Geeks have to face is the lack of contact with the outside world. "Because Palestine is quite isolated, most of our entrepreneurs have never had the chance to witness global trends, or attend the dozens of events you have in a place like Silicon Valley or Germany or Poland," Montauk says.
"We've bridged that gap by bringing entrepreneurs and investors from around the world to Gaza, and by taking Gazans to places like Jordan and Berlin. It's incredible to see how much they advance their skills and their thinking through such exposure," they add.
Most Palestinian startups are focused on mobile and web apps (hardware startups are almost impossible, due to border controls and the difficulty to import all the necessary components) and are created to solve problems and build products for Arab markets.
This is due by and large to the fact that, despite having over 140 million Arab users online in the MENA region, there's still relatively little content available in Arabic (compared to other languages like English) and there's a lot of low-hanging fruit for entrepreneurs who know how to address this need.
"MENA markets are also closer to home [for Palestinians], and so local entrepreneurs can better relate to and understand the needs of their local markets, and can execute on that better than most foreign companies who can't understand the local consumer quite the same way," Nashef points out.
The dark cloud of political turmoil also has a silver lining: some Palestinian startups have turned the conflict they have to face living in the region into an opportunity, using it as the basis of their unique selling proposition.
One such example is Redcrow, a platform that sifts material from social media and other sources to provide clients like embassies, NGO workers, and journalists with information on potential threats. Once tested in the local market, the product could be exported to other areas with similar conditions, such as Libya or Syria.
The future
Hussein Nasser-Eddin, Redcrow's co-founder, thinks the political situation in Palestine is far more promising that it might initially appear. "There are a lot of barriers like limits on movement. Still, I think we have actually an opportunity. A lot of investment firms are looking towards the West Bank. I believe there is a chance, there are possibilities, and we need people to be more motivated to take steps forward," they say.
Success stories coming from the region could be a powerful incentive for Palestinians living abroad. Many of them are employed in IT companies in Europe or the US, and plan to return home and try to use their skills to help their homeland grow.
Salah Amleh is one of them. Some years ago, they left a good job in Italy to become an advisor on international relations for the Ministry of Economy in Palestine, working on decentralizing the ministry's processes. "One of the components we have implemented is to give the opportunity for people to open their companies in two days. The next step is lowering the fees to open a startup, which now are around $1,200, for the lawyer and the registration," they say.
After their stint working for the government, Amleh became the CEO of Bader Technology Incubator, which is based in Rawabi. It's a high-tech hub built from scratch between Ramallah and Birzeit, using funding from Qatar's Diar Real Estate Investment Company.
The hub offers fiber broadband connections with speeds of up to 120Mbps to homes, and 320Mbps to offices, plus an academy to teach digital and business skills to would-be entrepreneurs. Helped by tech players such as Microsoft, Google, and Cisco which are opening offices close to the incubator, its creators hope the centre could become the poster child of a Palestinian tech renaissance.
But perhaps it's local entreprenuers' resilience and positive attitudes which could in time prove their greatest advantage, even more than smart cities, or rising funding for startups.
"People often ask me whether running a startup accelerator in Gaza is hard. Actually, I think that running one in Gaza might be easier than many other parts of the world, such as Kuwait. In Gaza we have neverending access to passionate, smart, hardworking talent. That's the most important part of incubating an early-stage startup idea successfully," Montauk says.
Read more
This Advent hundreds of people have joined together in a commitment to praying the Angelus as special preparation for the coming of Christmas. In many ways, the Angelus is the perfect Advent prayer. Its words focus our minds and hearts on the Incarnation and take us on a journey with Mary from the Annunciation to the Nativity. What better way to celebrate Advent each day than in praying the Angelus?
Yet, the Angelus is a new devotion to so many young Catholics today, including me. Years ago, almost every Catholic knew of and prayed the Angelus. Bells would ring at dawn, noon, and dusk at the nearby church and people would stop everything and begin praying, “The Angel of the Lord declared unto Mary . . . and they conceived of the Holy Spirit.”
My first encounter with the Angelus came on a pilgrimage to Rome ten years ago just a week before the start of Advent. After a long, overnight flight to Rome, we attended Mass at St. Peter's Basilica then joined a crowd of thousands gathered in the square to listen to the Pope's Angelus address and pray together. When the Holy Father finished their message and began the prayer, I had no idea what to do. I was teaching theology at a Catholic high school at the time, but I am sad to admit that I had never in my life prayed the Angelus.
It wasn't until a few years later as a 3rd grade catechist that I began to pray this wonderful devotion myself. Our associate pastor at the time came in at the beginning of Advent in 2012 to teach my students about praying the Angelus. They made the case for it being the perfect prayer for the season of Advent. I decided to try it out and four years later it has become the cornerstone of my devotional life and something I do along with my family every day. My hope is that it will become essential to the days of all Catholics worldwide once again as it was in centuries past.
An Angelus History
The history of the Angelus is a little difficult to trace. We know for sure that the origins of the prayer were fairly simple. It was popular among lay Catholics in the Middle Ages to pray three Hail Marys each day. This triple Hail Mary has been recommended by many different saints throughout history including St. Bonaventure, St. Louis de Montfort, St. Alphonsus Liguori, and St. Josemaría Escrivá.
In the fourteenth century the three Hail Marys became the common way for lay people to participate in evening prayer. Since people were mostly illiterate and unable to follow along with the Divine Office, they could say the Hail Mary three times to end their days. At some point during the next two centuries the three Hail Marys were supplemented by the words of the Angelus prayer which we have today. Bells rang from the church towers to remind all people to join in praying the Angelus to remember the Annunciation and to celebrate Christ's presence among us.
Why Pray the Angelus during Advent?
This year I started an initiative at AdventAngelus.com as a part of a dream to spread the Angelus worldwide once again. My mission has been to invite people to join me and hundreds others who have made particular commitment to praying the Angelus during Advent.
It is, of course, more than just an Advent prayer. We pray the Angelus throughout the entire year (except for the season of Easter when it is replaced in our daily devotion by the Regina Caeli). Yet, praying it now during this season of preparation for the coming of the Lord at Christmas gives it a special meaning in our lives.
There are a lot of ways to prepare for Christmas. There are Advent devotional books and now many daily Advent video series. There is the Jesse Tree to help us retell the stories of Jesus' ancestors. And there is, of course, the Advent wreath that helps us mark each new Sunday leading up to Christmas. For me and many others, though, the Angelus has been a very important devotion during Advent as well.
The Angelus pinpoints some essential moments in Salvation History just as the weekly and daily Advent readings do. The words of the prayer remind us of the Annunciation and Mary's “yes” to the Angel Gabriel, which undid Eve's “no” to God in the Garden of Eden. We remember the Incarnation and end the prayer with a reminder of Christ's Death and Resurrection.
In the Angelus we look to Mary as the supreme example of holiness. We echo their words and take on their holy disposition as “handmaid of the Lord” with an openness to letting God's will be done in our lives. We recognize just as we do in the season of Christmas that Jesus is Emmanuel, God-is-with-us, present here on earth. God is not far off and uninvolved.  They are here among us even today.
The words of the Angelus orient us toward the Incarnation. They help us recognize and reflect on the importance of Christ's presence on earth and in our hearts. Yet, they do more than just remind us of these important truths. In praying the Angelus we realize the Lord's presence in our hearts at this very moment in the very place that we pray. In a sense we enact through our prayer what we are called to reflect on during our Advent journeys. We stop everything three times each day and proclaim that God is here, present among us even today.
As the journey of Advent continues and we look toward Bethlehem and the Nativity of Christ, may we prepare our hearts in a special way to walk with the Virgin Mary, Mother of God, through this prayer. May we, through praying the Angelus during this Advent season, truly recognize the importance of the coming of Christ into the world and into our lives.
—
Jared Dees is an author of Praying the Angelus (2017).  They are also the founder of The Religion Teacher website and the AdventAngelus.com initiative.
Thiruvananthapuram: At least 77 liquor outlets in three-star and above classified hotels were opened Sunday after Kerala government renewed their licenses as part of its new liquor policy, with tipplers making a beeline to the bars.
The CPM-led LDF government had last month unveiled its new liquor policy by deciding to open closed bar outlets in three-star and above category, besides permitting serving of toddy in these hotels from July one.
Heavy rush
As the bars opened their doors at 11 am Sunday, heavy rush was seen in various outlets, with the early visitors not hiding their glee at the government's decision. "We are happy that the bars have opened. We can quench our thirst after a hard day's work without fearing police," said an early visitor to a bar in the state capital.
Bar pravesanolsavam?
A group of excited tipplers burst firecrackers as the bars reopened after a gap of 2 years in Kollam town. However, their 'Pravesanolsavam' did not go well with the police, who took them all into custody.
Kollam DCC president Bindu Krishna led a march before a bar which opened Sunday with Congress workers distributing 'sambaram' (spiced butter milk).
Kerala: Bars reopen in Thiruvananthapuram after LDF Govt's new liquor policy pic.twitter.com/auIxTDxtDX — ANI (@ANI_news) July 2, 2017
The LDF government had decided to renew the bar licenses of bars of three-star and above category, which were open until Mar 31, 2014, when the previous Congress-led UDF government decided to allow only bars in five-star hotels.
The bars, which opened Sunday, also have to follow the 500-meter stipulation from state and national highways as laid by the Supreme Court. The government has also renewed the licenses of 2,112 toddy shops.
11 to 11
While the maximum number of 20 bars were opened in Ernakulam district, 11 bars opened in Thiruvananthapuram this morning.
The bars will remain open from 11am to 11pm. Earlier, they were open from 9 am to 10 pm.
The number of bars that opened in other districts:
Thrissur - 9, Kannur - 8, Kottayam - 6, Palakkad - 6, Kozhikode - 5, Malappuram - 4, Kollam - 3, Alappuzha - 2, Wayanad - 2 and Idukki - 1.
Age limit raised
As part of the government's liquor policy, the age limit for consumption of liquor has been increased from 21 to 23.
Meanwhile, Bar Hotels Association sources said they were planning to move the High Court to challenge the government's decision to renew licenses of bars in three-star and above hotels. This was against the principles of equality, the sources said.
The government took the decision to reopen the outlets, considering the fall in state revenue and increase in the consumption of intoxicant substances. The UDF policy had resulted in the closure of 712 bars below the five-star category as part of its aim to ensure total prohibition in 10 years time.
A majority of these closed bars were later converted to beer and wine parlors.
While describing the UDF's liquor policy as a "total failure and impractical", the LDF government has made it clear that it was against total prohibition, but was for abstinence.
Read more: Latest developments in Kerala | Untouchability still prevalent in Kerala? Panel urges government intervention
One of the region's largest employers is narrowing the qualifications for prospective workers by requiring future employees to be nicotine free.
St. Luke's Hospital & Health Network announced today that only workers who test negative in nicotine screenings before employment will be hired beginning May 1.
Prospective employees who test positive will have the opportunity to retest in six months, according to a news release from the hospital.
St. Luke's officials claim they will be the only employer in the region with such a policy.
In a statement released by the hospital, Senior Vice President of Human Resources Bob Zimmel says a healthier workplace, lower medical costs and better productivity are behind the "bold move."
"By discouraging smoking from the start, it is a win-win for St. Luke's and its employees," Zimmel said. "As a health care leader, we need to set the example."
The approximately 7,000 workers already employed at the hospital will not be affected by the new policy, officials say, though a smoking cessation program is available for smokers looking to quit.
The news release notes that Pennsylvania is only one of 20 states in the country where non-nicotine hiring policies are considered legal.
The Double robot maneuvers through an office. Double Robotics A hilarious new video shows what happens when you let the internet control a robot stuck inside a demo room.
The robot in question is a telepresence robot called the Double, which is basically an iPad mounted on a pole with wheels, which can then be remotely controlled by someone outside of the office.
The company that makes the Double, Double Robotics, set up a demo room where anyone online can take one of its robots for a test drive.
One of the internet users, however, soon grew bored of the demo room and began to hatch an escape plan.
The door to the demo room is usually kept closed with a latch, but one day the door was left unlocked, which then allowed the man to slowly but surely use the robot to open the door wide enough for the robot to slip past.
Robot Liberation Front
Once free, the robot is free to explore the vacant offices on its own.
Robot Liberation Front
Unfortunately, the robot can't quite make it into the great outdoors due to a closed front door, but it manages to explore most of the offices before returning to the demo room and closing the door, leaving Double Robotics to discover its escape when they see the clip online like everyone else.
You can watch the robot's escape and resulting joy ride through the office below, or test out a Double for yourself right here.
We first saw this video on Reddit.
The main selling point for any game that aims to be successful in the growing and profitable eSports scene is its competitive nature. Can people play this game, over and over, for hours, days, weeks, and months on end — at the exclusion of all other games — and continue to improve and discover new strategies and wrinkles throughout that time? Will people be able to actually improve their skill, as players, to differentiate their rank in the game, rather than just upgrading stats and unlocking new items?
Those are important questions to ask and, luckily, it seems like Insomniac has thought of answers for their upcoming Oculus Touch launch title, The Unspoken [Review: 9/10]. Not only will the game come packaged for free with all Touch pre-orders, but it also includes enough depth and competitive flair to be well worth the time investment. It's also the third VR title from the veteran studio, following Edge of Nowhere [Review: 9/10] and Feral Rites [Review: 5/10].
Finding A Competitive Balance
“For us, developing The Unspoken started with making a really good and fun competitive game,” said Chad Dezern, Creative Director of The Unspoken at Insomniac, during a phone interview. “Once we started getting into competitive matches at the office and realized the game needed to be about magic duels with a solid beginning, middle, and end, it really helped us find the core of the experience.”
No matter who you are, you've likely fantasized or thought about throwing fireballs at some point in your life. When you put on a VR headset and transport yourself to fantastical worlds of fiction, there's no more appropriate time to indulge in the fantasies that come from the technology. But beyond the content and setting, the real magic (pun intended) comes when you face off against someone else inside the immersive environment.
“It really started clicking for us when we were able to make a very naturally competitive game,” said Dezern. “And once the mechanics were established, we were starting to realize what the habits of really high level players were. We started there — with competition — because that is the core of it, but we did't specifically set out to make an eSport game, it wasn't a game design goal.”
Which is a huge point to pay attention to. eSports isn't a genre of video games. Even if you try your hardest, you can't force your game to be accepted and promoted in the eSports community. But instead, the smarter idea, is to craft an inherently fun, well-designed, and balanced game and encourage the community to support and build it up over time. And that's what Insomniac is doing instead.
“We want to focus on making the individual player experience fun, more so than creating a team game,” said Dezern. “We made it a duel because we wanted to really focus on those dynamics.”
In this way, it's actually different than most popular competitive gaming experiences. MOBAs like League of Legends, DOTA 2, Paragon, and Heroes of the Storm are all about team dynamics, Counter-Strike and Overwatch are team-based first-person shooters, and other than the fighting game community, most eSports — and physical sports in general — are all team-based. It's a unique opportunity for a game like The Unspoken.
By focusing on individual players, the core skill-based gameplay is able to shine more clearly. Master your class, memorize the spells, and create strategies for moving around the maps, baiting opponents to open them up to your more powerful abilities, and more. The Unspoken, and other VR titles, become just as much about your physical endurance and coordination as they are your knowledge and ability as a gamer. VR eSports are getting closer to, well, actual sports. We're approaching Tron-like levels of immersion and competition.
Identity Through Magic
“We have matchmaking features, you can invite friends to matches, and ranked matches,” said Dezern. “For single player content, you can go into a practice mode with all the classes and spells to get the hang of things, as well as battle a very challenging A.I. opponent. It's great for learning how to play the game.”
There's a story as well, but it's just not the focus. “The narrative is there to setup the game, we want everyone to be intrigued, its just the tip of a very big narrative iceberg, said Dezern. “We didn't go all in on everything because we wanted to do one thing very well instead of sprawling ourselves across several modes. For us, that one thing is competitive 1 vs. 1 multiplayer duels.”
Rather than a traditionally fantastical or mythical world of magical creatures and forbidden lore, like you might find in The Lord of the Rings, or something similar, The Unspoken features a much more grounded “What if?” scenario. This isn't about a fictional world of witches and wizards, but instead asks a very Harry Potter-esque question: What if the world of magic was hiding just beneath our collective noses?
“Think about that feeling you have when you're in a new city and you don't know what's going on just around the corner,” said Dezern. “How do we work that notion into a spell? We don't have many straight up D&D spells, for example, except for maybe the Fireball, because come on, it's a fireball.”
Time will tell whether games like The Unspoken, or even RIGS, are able to find footing in the competitive gaming scene as VR titles. In the meantime, developers should take a note from Insomniac's book and focus on creating well-designed, fun, and balanced games that can stand on their own. If that's done well enough, then an eSports scene will form organically.
The Unspoken releases on December 6th with the launch of the Oculus Touch controllers. What is your most anticipated Touch title next week?
Tagged with: Edge of Nowhere, eSports, insomniac, multiplayer, oculus touch, RIGS, The Unspoken
Songwriter Don McLean – perhaps best known for their classic 1971 song “American Pie” – was arrested for misdemeanor domestic violence Monday morning in their home in Camden, Maine, PEOPLE confirms.
A spokesperson for the Knox County Jail confirms to PEOPLE McLean spent several hours there this morning and was released after 11:30 a.m. on an unspecified amount of bail.
“He's not the first celebrity we've dealt with and they won't be the last,” says Corporal Bradley Woll.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Police were called to McLean's home just before 2 a.m. Monday morning, Woll says. Woll would not discuss the allegations against McLean in any detail, and would not discuss exactly what led to the 70-year-old musician's arrest.
McLean's wife, Patrisha, is a photographer who regularly exhibits their work.
McLean rose to prominence during the early 1970s with “American Pie,” a song that has since been covered by dozens of artists, including Madonna.
McLean is booked for an Australian tour in March.
Woll did not know whether McLean had legal representation.
A rep for McLean could not be reached for comment.
Do everything right, and climbing is actually pretty darn safe. Still, some people assume they can guess at the technical bits and everything will be fine, like this person a friend of mine rescued recently:
"I was teaching a belay class when, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a girl yanking on the end of a loose rope. To my dismay, they were belaying a climber with no belay device. The climber was at the top of the wall, 'tied in' to the grigri. They were weighting the rope and the belayer was supporting their weight with their bare hands."
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Have you witnessed anything cringe-inducingly dangerous from uninformed climbers, either inside the gym or at the crag? We want to hear about it. Tell us what happened in the comments and your story could be featured in an upcoming issue of our print edition.
photo: laurelfan/Flickr; http://ow.ly/urtIh
A Naked Man Defecated in Someone Else's Tent at T In The Park 2015
T in the Park certainly sounded eventful this year, in an “I'm incredibly glad I wasn't there” kind of way. Alongside a video of a man being bottled during the festival, an image of a naked guy holding a conversation with their fellow festival-goers, after reportedly having defecated on a tent and then smeared themselves in their own excrement, is doing the rounds online.
The photo of the unnamed man, who is presumably experiencing the worst kind of comedown right now, was posted by an attendee at the Scottish festival.
A naked guy has turned up at the campsite and took a shite in someone's tent #TITP2015 pic.twitter.com/M2lb6XOBCm — cara (@CaraWalker95) July 11, 2015
According to the photo taker, the man “fell over someone's tent then ran away,” but not before they “wiped their arse [using] their hands then wiped it on their chest.”
But as far as festival lowlights go, having a man relieve themselves in your tent pales in comparison to being bottled by a group of morons wearing bucket hats. Police in Scotland are now investigating the below video, which depicts a young man in a blue jacket smashing a bottle over the head of another guy, who staggers backwards whilst holding their face:
But that wasn't the only eventful thing to happen during the festival outside of its musical performances; a man was also packed into a tent bag by their friends, causing them to contact the festival in order to gain some assistance.
@Tinthepark hi im somewhere in green 7 someone has packed me into a tent bag for a joke and I can't get out I don't have much battery left — Scott Johnston (@ScottJohnston8) July 13, 2015
Fortunately Scott eventually managed to find their way out of the tent bag, tweeting the following:
It's okay everyone my friends unzipped me earlier never been so happy to see the rain — Scott Johnston (@ScottJohnston8) July 13, 2015
So all-in-all it sounds like an eventful, if relatively off-putting year for the festival. But regardless of the controversies emanating from it, there's one thing for certain: We'd rather watch a guy shitting in a tent than Rudimental.
Welcome back for the latest community roundup, where we highlight our favorite fan-made Rivals art, music, videos, and more. Read on to catch up on some great community pieces you might have missed.
ART
Absa from Rivals of Aether pic.twitter.com/O6XqMKRjBl — Yu (@Magmarashiiii) August 27, 2017
After shine 2017 @RivalsOfAether finals, you could easily come to the conclusion that Forsburn is the coolest rival. You'd be correct 🏅🚬 pic.twitter.com/LZ15ijvXl5 — Fred Cassar (@mutejazz) August 29, 2017
Working on Ranno I'm curious that if they will wear shorts? Short shorts xD #RivalsofAether pic.twitter.com/M9y9OxK9yb — ✨🌈🦊 (@JenVulpine) August 27, 2017
Rushed it a bit because of college tomorrow, but I was too hyped about the release on Rivals of Aether to not do SOMETHING! I love Ori!!! pic.twitter.com/SA9DnMM24c — Mr Ice (@RyanBlackmarr) August 24, 2017
the best character in rivals of aether hands down @RivalsOfAether pic.twitter.com/ya7ibKsRBo — Josiah Knuth (@ssbmdunleith) September 5, 2017
While we're on the art category, it's also worth mentioning that there's now a dedicated #art-gallery channel in the official discord. There are tons of great artists in the community and the gallery is just another place to highlight them. Take a look or post your own at discord.gg/RoA.
A cool Rivals version of King from Cave Story by Brawlitup99 from the discord #art-gallery:
A dunkmaster Etalus skin from /u/ChiuceBox:
MUSIC
Dekanai over on soundcloud put together this awesome symphonic metal version of the abyss track “Formless Onslaught” from the OST.
VIDEOS And CLIPS
One of the first combo videos to feature Ori was put together by Cupz and Adam Carra. This is a great early showing on what this character can do. Hopefully we'll see some more flashy Ori play in the RCS this weekend.
bAK47ed put together a bunch of cool Ori and Sein tutorials and early tech videos for the pair. Here's just one useful one on how to do team-up smashes. Check out their channel for others on Sein spiking, bindings, and more.
/u/Chewyoo shows off a beautiful light grenade shot that leads to a kill.
OTHER GOOD STUFF
Golden Elite has some fantastic guides and just recently put out a new one focusing on helpful stuff for newer players. This guide compiles all kinds of things from common Rivals terminology, character specific techs, and even links to other guides and community hangouts.
I highly recommend this for any players that are looking to take a step deeper into the game. Check it out here: Golden Guides: The Basics
Here's one of our favorite moments from PAX West:
Best cosplay we've seen hands down at #PAXWest2017 👌 pic.twitter.com/z1xYEj8ySW — Rivals of Aether (@RivalsOfAether) September 3, 2017
Most underappreciated (best) recent video:
That's it for this community roundup! Let us know in the comments if we missed any of your favorites, and be sure to give the creators some love.
Māori thrash metal band Alien Weaponry will be the first New Zealand group and youngest ever to perform at the Metaldays festival in Slovenia.
The trio will perform on the Bosko Bursac stage at what is considered by some as being among the top festivals in Europe.
Alien Weaponry was given the opportunity after a fan approached festival booker Crt Batagelj at an airport in Athens and showed them a YouTube clip of the band's popular hit Rū Ana Te Whenua. Batagelj then contacted them immediately offering them the slot.
The offer prompted the band's New Zealand management to seek further opportunities in Europe, resulting in a three-year contract with Berlin-based management agency Das Maschine.
Creative New Zealand has stepped in to assist the band, approving a grant of $19,000 to cover the costs of travel, insurance and transporting instruments.
15-year-old bass player Ethan Trembath says they are appreciative of the support.
"We were all still at school this year, and there's no way we could have raised that much money ourselves. We are incredibly grateful to Creative New Zealand for helping us."
Alien Weaponry hails from the tiny town of Waipu in Northland. They set a goal to play at a number of big European festivals before they were out of their teens.
"It's hard to believe that come the middle of next year we'll be sharing the stage with some of the biggest metal names in the world," says 17-year-old drummer Henry de Jong.
Henry and their younger brother Lewis (guitar and lead vocals) are direct descendants of Te Ahoaho (a warrior who died in the battle at Pukehinahina, Gate Pā); and a number of their songs, including Rū ana te Whenua, connect with the whakapapa and history of their rohe, as well as historical injustices and modern post-colonisation issues affecting Māori.
Other songs focus on social and political issues that have affected them as rangatahi (teenagers).
The festival runs from July 23-28.
You can follow Alien Weaponry via their Facebook Page.
Digital privacy is ramping up, as California passes a law to prevent the government from collecting the kind of en masse private data revealed in Edward Snowden's data leak.
California became the fourth US state with law of this type when Gov. Jerry Brown signed it into effect Thursday.
The law includes anything stored in an email, digital document, or text message, as well as location information, the LA Times reported. The bill's sponsors chose these types of communications based on the high-volume data requests that Verizon, Twitter, and AT&T received in 2014.
Privacy watchdogs hail the bill, known as CalECPA, as a victory for the Fourth Amendment in the digital world.
"It will require that law enforcement get a warrant before poking around in our digital records," wrote the California-based advocacy group Consumer Watchdog. "If the cops want to search your desk for letters and files, they need a warrant. But who relies on paper files and letters these days?"
The group described the federal Electronic Communications Act as "outdated" because it allows the government to collect location and call information from phones, as well as view emails that have been stored on a server for more than 180 days.
Many have pointed to the impact of Edward Snowden's revelations on international law, including the recent Safe Harbor judicial decision that complicated data-sharing across the Atlantic, as the Economist writes:
As the trickle of data crossing the Atlantic built into a tsunami, worries in Europe grew. But it took leaks by Edward Snowden, a contractor for America's National Security Agency (NSA), showing widespread snooping to nudge the commission into a serious attempt at renegotiation.
Edward Snowden pointed several to legislative and judicial actions sparked by their risky reveal of US government surveillance, in June op-ed in the New York Times.
"Ending the mass surveillance of private phone calls under the Patriot Act is a historic victory for the rights of every citizen," they wrote. "This is the power of an informed public."
California is only the latest example of a state taking action to protect its citizens' privacy. Utah, Texas and Maine each have a privacy law like the one California just passed. Utah's law passed almost unanimously in March 2014 and prevents data collected without a warrant from being used in a criminal case, even if the federal government collected it.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The laws in Maine and Texas, passed in 2013, require the government to get a warrant to search digital data like the new California law, the Electronic Freedom Foundation said in a release.
With states as politically diverse as California, Utah, Texas, and Maine "taking affirmative steps to bring search warrant requirements to sensitive electronic data, Congress should see that privacy legislation is bipartisan and feasible," wrote EFF's Hanni Fakhoury. "Will Congress follow?"
An aerial view of Tangier Island looking south just after sunrise as rain showers pass the island. Shore erosion from the Chesapeake Bay is thought to be a major threat to the island. (Timothy C. Wright/For the Washington Post)
Five months after President Trump lent their support to the mayor of a tiny island with a vanishing shoreline, Virginia's senators are urging the president to protect Tangier Island from disappearing into the Chesapeake Bay.
Democratic Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine, both former governors who have visited Tangier, sent a letter to the White House asking Trump to fulfill their promise to the island's mayor, James "Ooker" Eskridge.
In the summer, Trump called Eskridge, whose constituents are overwhelmingly Republican, and said their island of mostly watermen and their families would remain intact. The pledge came despite reports that show that Tangier could be uninhabitable in 25 to 50 years.
Many island residents disagree that human-made climate change is to blame and say natural erosion washing away land has finally come to their doorsteps. In their letter, Warner and Kaine avoided the reason Tangier is disappearing at an average rate of eight acres a year.
"We can debate the causes for why this is happening, but regardless, the effects are clear," they wrote. "It is urgent that we address those effects."
They suggested that Trump expedite an Army Corps of Engineers study of Tangier's infrastructure needs, consider a proposal to use soil from dredging projects to build up the island, and direct the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to manage part of the island.
[Why Sen. Kaine wants to save Trump Country from sinking into the Chesapeake]
The 1.2-square-mile island off the Eastern Shore, with its 460 residents, may not score well on traditional federal cost-benefit analyses, but the senators asked Trump to consider Tangier's other assets.
"Its history and culture predate the United States, and its linguistic characteristics are unlike any in the world," they wrote. "Letting this island wither away due to bureaucratic inertia — or worse, an active decision to write it off — would not only result in the loss of people's homes and way of life, but would be a cultural and historical loss to America."
For Queen and Lax – The Story of England Box Lacrosse, from Grassroots to Legitimacy
As the “written by” moniker indicates, my name is Michael Gillan – I'm an English dual citizen (the other being Canadian), and a member of the England box lacrosse national team since 2011. Over the coming months, I will be bringing you the story of our journey towards a shot at gold at the upcoming European box championships in Turku, Finland this July.
Through written articles, player updates, or video content, we will attempt to give you an inside look at what it takes for us to field a team at the international level. As we slowly start to finalize our roster and set things into place, our first two posts will provide the reader with a brief history of our national box program, and a very abridged background on where we came from, and how we got to here. Although the program began ten years ago, and the popularity of lacrosse has grown exponentially throughout Europe, the growth of box lacrosse in the UK is still in it's infancy.
I was not there for the start and I apologize to the men who worked tirelessly to even get to a point in which I can write about them. I apologize for anything I may have left out, if I told the reader everything I would be writing an epic novel. Someday, perhaps. I truly hope my first two submissions give the story the respect it deserves, because none of what we're trying to accomplish today would be at all possible if not for the hard work of two men almost a decade ago.
How It All Began
Sitting down to pints at the Steam Passage Tavern, one of the UK's excessive number of homey and dimly lit pubs and drinking establishments, two Canadian expats, Jamie Tasko and Peter Dunits, met to discuss an idea that would see the birth of a movement. A movement that would give home to a long list of past and present professionals, hall of fame coaches, and skilled and enthusiastic nationals eager to expand their skills, grow the game, and represent their country. It was this pub where a Canadian from Purley and one from rival Hampstead came together in 2006 to create the groundwork for England's National Box Lacrosse program.
Setting The Stage
After a year of paperwork, scouting, recruiting, and more pints at the pub we fast forward to 2007 and the annual Ales Hrebesky International Box Lacrosse Tournament just outside of Prague. Tasko reaches out to their old friend and former coach, the late and newly inducted Hall of Famer, Chris Hall. England couldn't ask for a better coach and ambassador suited to help build a successful program. With the help of a couple Czech players to fill out the roster, the program's tournament team, the London Knights, took to the floor for the first time and played to a respectable 5th place finish.
When asked to comment about their first experience at this tournament it was followed with a series of inside jokes, nostalgia, hilarious pictures and stories not appropriate for this online publication. Suffice it to say, the first appearance of an English box lacrosse team was a success on and off the floor. The next stop for the program was Halifax, Canada and the site of the 2007 World Championships – England box lacrosse was going international.
The Red-Headed Step Child
With the team's relative success at their first tournament, people took notice but it was, and still is, an uphill battle for notoriety in the UK. Competing alongside the established presence and growing numbers of the successful field program in England proved a daunting task. Although the English Lacrosse Association (ELA) has become the program's governing body in recent years and legitimacy is growing, this team was originally started as an independent and self-sustaining entity.
Lack of facilities suitable for box lacrosse play, as well as goalie equipment, presented the biggest challenges. The team was forced to improvise on both fronts, using anything with a court and walls for some type of facility while dressing the goalie in field and hockey equipment. Despite these set backs, Tasko and Dunits remained steadfast in their vision of seeing England become a successful box lacrosse program. It was with this dedication that the team was able to procure some major sponsorships leading up to the 2007 WILC in Halifax.
Both Man Group (world's largest publicly listed hedge fund) and BBC Worldwide, as well as the financial support of several other sponsors, enabled the team to focus on preparing for its first ever world championships. In a few short months, the world would be introduced to England's first National Box Lacrosse Team.
Welcome To The Maritimes
To better create competitive parity and help grow the game, international rules allow for 4 non-passport players to participate on the team they have heritage with. It was with this rule that the team worked on attracting Canadian talent, either dual citizens or imports. The strategy was intended to help homegrown talent learn the box game faster and benefit from the experience their North American counterparts had to offer while remaining competitive on the world stage.
Former NLL talent, Matt Roik, Shawn Cable, brothers Jeff and Shawn Summerfield and of course Lewis Ratcliff, joined the team in Halifax providing a wealth of experience to draw from for the British born athletes. As expected, the power of the big three in Canada, Iroquois Nation, and U.S.A took the top 3 spots respectively but in their first appearance on the international stage, Tasko, Dunits, and the idea from that small pub in Angel, North London, grew and succeeded into a fourth-place finish, with team England member Lewis Ratcliffe receiving all world honors.
Highlights from that bronze medal game against the USA shows just how tough these proverbial “bad news bears” made it on their competition. Feeding off the energy and wisdom of head coach Chris Hall's insistence on always being there for their players, the team battled together to a 17-10 score in favor of the United States.
Coming Home
With the tournament in the rear view, the English program returned home. There was no fan fare for these men, having just represented their country. It was back to work and back to their respective club field teams. The London Knights would continue to return to Prague for the Hrebesky year after year and attempts were made at creating competitive leagues at home but nothing appeared sustainable.
Yet again, the lack of infrastructure to create such an endeavor caused hurdles too high to overcome in their current situation as an independently run organisation. It was with this unfortunate situation that they decided it best to not press the issue harder. Players would still be able to play the game in the north and south field leagues and looking forward to 2011 at the sight of the next WILC in Prague, Czech Republic should be of top priority. It was with that in mind that Tasko and Dunits worked towards building off the immediate success that had been achieved in Halifax and developed the program to try and repeat that same success in Prague.
Czech us Out
2011 took the team to Prague, Czech Republic. (It was also my first experience on the international scene, I'm the absolute beauty with the barely visible duster, wearing #75). Players like Lewis Ratcliff and the Summerfield brothers were replaced with Rochester Knighthawk, Andrew Suitor and former Stealth player, Tyler Johnson. Matt Roik returned between the pipes while Cable returned to help new team Captain and Brit, Alan Keeley, provide leadership with the only coach England box has ever known, Chris Hall, returning to the helm.
With returning homegrown talent like Joe Darkins and Dave Cluney, the team came into this tournament stronger and more experienced than the last. Having lost the corporate support provided at the last tournament from BBC, the financial obligations fell a little more to the player. Fortunately, as anyone passionate about the game can attest, there's always money to be spent for opportunities like these. Of course, as the box game grew in popularity around the world so did the talent. The host Czechs, boasting the largest box lacrosse program outside of Canada, were stronger than they have ever been and wanted to impress their boisterous and excited home crowd.
After making easy work of rival Australia and Slovakia respectfully, “the team Tasko built” lost a nail biter to Canada 28-5 to secure second place in their division after round robin play. After losing to the host Czechs in front of an electric crowd of Czech supporters in the quarter finals, the England box program made quick work of Australia, finishing 5th in the world; unfortunately dropping one rank in the world standings.
Although the team may have dropped in rankings, the difference this time around was the friendships made when it was all over. As tacky as that sentiment sounds, it was those friendships and the chemistry it developed that helped England box lacrosse make a push for the respect they so rightfully deserved at home. While maybe not every idea they had was a great one, the duo of Tasko and Dunits grew into a team of men wanting to work for a bigger seat at the table but it wouldn't come without tragedy… (end of post 1)
Editor's Note: Awesome stuff from Mike, providing a real inside view into the challenges and rewards of starting an international box lacrosse program. And they ended with such a cliff hanger. I'm almost nervous to find out what happens next. Check back again soon for more from Mike and England Box Lacrosse, and support these guys on their Generosity Page, as the raise funds for Turku!
*To follow along and watch as these guys prepare for the European Box Lacrosse Tournament this July in Turku, Finland or if you would like to get involved with their sponsorship, find them on Twitter and Instagram @englandboxlax*
Banking giant HSBC is laying off 357 employees from its Brandon offices in early June.
HSBC notified state officials of the cuts in a WARN letter to the Florida Department of Economic Opportunity dated March 30. The letter said the affected positions will likely not be refilled. It indicated the branch will remain open despite the staff reduction.
Rob Sherman, a spokesperson for HSBC, said the layoffs are part of a "strategic wind down" for HSBC Finance Corp. as it sells off its loan portfolio this year. The finance unit is separate from HSBC Bank USA.
"We are reducing the size of our workforce in step with declining activity," Sherman said in a statement.
The remaining 270 employees in Brandon will continue to handle what is left of HSBC Finance Corporation's mortgages.
Employees, Sherman said, will be notified at least 60 days before the layoffs begin. Among the most-affected positions are 158 consumer and mortgage lending support staff, 44 collection specialists and 23 analysts.
Brandon employees aren't the only ones affected. The company announced similar cuts for around 150 employees in the Chicago area last week.
HSBC has been on a downward slope financially for about five years. In February, its parent company reported a $3.4 billion profit loss before taxes for 2016's fourth quarter. A month before that announcement, HSBC eliminated 100 senior banking positions globally. It also plans to shutter 62 banking branches in 2017, which will cut 180 jobs.
Contact Malena Carollo at [email protected] Follow @malenacarollo.
An Independent Scotland has all the possibility to become rich in its own right, like Norway, an analysis published by Wall Street Journal suggests.
MOSCOW, September 9 (RIA Novosti) - An Independent Scotland has all the possibility to become rich in its own right, like Norway, an analysis published by Wall Street Journal suggests.
As Scotland awaits the September 18 referendum on independence, media debates on the future of the country's economic and financial stability continue to unfold.
Scotland's pro-independence politicians argue that if Scotland splits from the United Kingdom and gains control of its share of North Sea oil and gas revenues, in time it will be able to create a wealth fund, similar to Norway's oil fund, which, at the end of June, 2014, was worth $893 billion. Among the reasons supporting this view, is the fact that the two countries have got roughly the same size population with 5.3 million people currently living in Scotland and 5.1 million – in Norway.
Still, the creation of a Scottish oil fund may take longer than Yes-supporters hope, as according to the WSJ analysis, oil production in the North Sea is unlikely to return to the peak figures of the late 1990s – early 2000s. Among the other difficulties the Scottish government will face if the country decides to leave the UK, is the need to finance generous social welfare provisions, which in the 2012-13 tax year amounted to $16,243 per head and to duplicate many bureaucratic functions currently performed by the UK.
According to the Outlook for Scotland's Public Finances and the Opportunities of Independence, released in May, 2014, an Independent Scotland could generate more than $ 8 billion a year of extra revenues within 15 years, without having to raise taxes.
A referendum on whether Scotland should become independent will take place on September 18. Scots will be asked one question, «Should Scotland be an independent country?» If voters back leaving the UK, Scotland could be independent on March 24, 2016.
An 86-year-old man who drove the wrong way along the M20 causing the death of a motorcyclist, has been jailed for more than a year.
Leonard Pettifer was at the wheel of their Ford Ka when it struck 60-year-old former police officer Michael Copleston, from Hawkinge, on the coastbound carriageway near Ashford in November.
Pettifer, of Snargate Lane, Snargate, Romney Marsh, pleaded guilty to causing the death of Mr Copleston earlier this year and was sentenced at Canterbury Crown Court this morning.
Mr Copleston was described as a devoted husband to their wife Pauline of 39 years
The court saw footage of Pettifer driving London-bound between Junctions 9-10, despite cars flashing at them for almost three miles, before Mr Copleston's motorbike 'somersaulted' over their Ford Ka.
Additionally, the court heard how Pettifer, by their own admission, wasn't wearing glasses and the windows of their car, apart from the windscreen, were covered in ice.
The court heard Mr Copleston was travelling above the speed limit, however, Judge Heather Norton said it was "irrelevant."
On sentencing they told Pettifer: "A collision was not caused by the speed of their motorbike, it was caused by your car driving the wrong way on the motorway.
They were sentenced to 32 months, of which 16 must be spent in prison.
A trio of police motorcyclists give former police bike instructor Michael Copleston an escort at their funeral in Hawkinge
Mr Copleston's heartbroken widow Pauline told in their witness impact statement how they have been forced to sell their Hawkinge home, with Mr Copleston being the "breadwinner."
They also urged the DVLA to carry out a review of all drivers over 70, to prevent another tragedy.
They added: "That night, at around 1.30am I tried to call their mobile. Then the front door went and it was the beginning of my whole life shattering.
"We would have been married for 40-years now."
The court heard how Pettifer, who admitted causing death by driving dangerously, had since shown remorse.
Mr Copleston was a devoted husband to their wife Pauline of 39 years, a father to two and grandfather to four.
They served in the Metropolitan Police for three decades and was an advanced motorcycle and car instructor who trained other officers in road safety.
Investigating officer Derek Mole of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit commented after the hearing.
They said: "Pettifer was completely unfit to drive and their actions sadly caused the death of a man.
"His decision has now led to a 16 month sentence and I hope that provides some small comfort to the family who lost a loved one.
"Motorists have to hold themselves to account. If you're unfit to drive don't step behind the wheel."
There are now 97 members of the news media in jail in Turkey, including journalists, publishers and distributors, according to the Turkish Journalists' Union, a figure that rights groups say exceeds the number detained in China . The government denies the figure and insists that with the exception of four cases, those arrested have all been charged with activities other than reporting.
Turkey's justice minister, Sadullah Ergin, last month blamed civic groups for creating the false impression that there were too many journalists in jail in Turkey. They said a new plan to enhance freedom of expression this year would alter perceptions.
In court on Wednesday, a defiant Mr. Sener, looking gaunt and pale, blamed the police officials they had investigated for setting them up. “It has been 11 months that I have not been given the chance to utter a single word to defend myself,” they said, speaking to friends during a brief intermission. “I have been a victim in a revenge operation — nothing else.”
The European Human Rights Court received nearly 9,000 complaints against Turkey for breaches of press freedom and freedom of expression in 2011, compared with 6,500 in 2009. In March, Orhan Pamuk , a Turkish writer and Nobel laureate, was fined about $3,670 for their statement in a Swiss newspaper that “we have killed 30,000 Kurds and one million Armenians.”
Human rights advocates say they fear that with the Arab Spring lending new regional influence to Turkey, the United States and Europe are turning a blind eye to encroaching authoritarianism there. “Turkey's democracy may be a good benchmark when compared with Egypt , Libya or Syria ,” said Hakan Altinay, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution . “But the whole region will suffer if Turkey is allowed to disregard the values of liberal democracy.”
Among the most glaring breaches of press freedom, human rights advocates say, was the arrest of Mr. Sener, 45, a German-born reporter who was working for the newspaper Milliyet at the time of their arrest. In 2010 they won the International Press Institute's World Press Freedom Hero award for their reporting on the murder of Hrant Dink , a prominent Turkish-Armenian journalist who was assassinated in Istanbul in 2007.
Mr. Sener said they believed that they were in jail because they dared to write a book criticizing the Turkish state's negligence in failing to prevent Mr. Dink's murder. Their defense team says the prosecution's case rests on spurious evidence, including a file bearing their name that an independent team of computer engineers concluded had been mysteriously installed by a virus on a computer belonging to OdaTV, an antigovernment Web site. They were held for seven months without charges. If convicted, they face up to 15 years in jail.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Nedim Sener is being accused on the basis of rumors and fantasies,” said their lawyer, Yucel Dosemeci. “He is being targeted to create a culture of fear.”
In late December, Turkey drew fresh criticism after the police detained at least 38 people, many of them journalists, saying they had possible links to a Kurdish separatist group. But critics say dozens have been arrested whose only offense was to have expressed general support for the rights of Kurds, a long-oppressed minority here.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Over the past year, the government has been arresting prominent critics like Mr. Sener, as well as dozens of current and former military personnel, intellectuals and politicians who have been linked to what officials say was a plot to overthrow the government by an organization called Ergenekon.
Four years into the investigation, no one among the more than 300 suspects charged in the case has been convicted, even though courts have heard more than 8,000 pages worth of indictments, many of them based on transcripts of surreptitiously recorded private telephone conversations.
Advocates for press freedom say that the government has also moved to mute opposition by using punitive fines and by intimidating the ownership of leading media companies.
In a celebrated case in 2009, the Dogan media group, a large conglomerate, was saddled with a $2.5 billion fine by the Tax Ministry for unpaid taxes. Dogan officials say privately that the real reason was that its publications had given prominent attention to a series of corruption scandals involving senior government officials.
The European Union has expressed concerns about the chilling effect of the fine, which was negotiated down to about $621 million, officials familiar with the case say, as part of a tax amnesty issued last year.
Now, some journalists who work for the Dogan group say there is an unwritten rule not to criticize the governing party. Mr. Erdoğan, who has previously called on their supporters to boycott the Dogan group, strongly denied any political motives behind the fine.
After Mr. Erdoğan swept to power in 2002, human rights activists initially lauded them for expanding free speech. But after an unsuccessful attempt by the secular opposition to ban Mr. Erdoğan's party in 2008, critics say, Mr. Erdoğan embarked on a systematic campaign to silence their opponents.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They say the curbs on press freedom also reflect the fact that Turkey no longer feels obligated to adhere to Western norms at a time when it is playing the role of regional leader and its talks on joining the European Union are in disarray.
Mr. Sener and Mr. Sik were defiant in March as police officers took them into custody at their homes before television cameras. “Whoever touches it gets burned!” Mr. Sik shouted, referring to the Gulen movement, whose members, analysts say, have infiltrated the highest levels of the country's police and judiciary.
In March, the unpublished manuscript of Mr. Sik's book on the movement, “The Army of the Imam,” was confiscated by police officers. But the police were unable to stop its publication on the Internet, where at least 20,000 users downloaded it.
While the Internet has become the main weapon against censorship, more than 15,000 Web sites have been blocked by the state, according to engelliweb.com, which tracks restricted pages. For more than two years until last fall, YouTube was banned on the grounds that some videos on the site were insulting to Mustafa Kemal Ataturk , the founder of modern Turkey.
The monitoring agency last summer called on Web sites to ban 138 words, including “animal,” “erotic” and “zoo” in English and “fat,” “blonde” and “skirt” in Turkish. It is a tribute to Turkey's still vibrant media culture that the prohibition inspired an online competition to create the best short story out of the banned words.
Earlier this year, Emily Sprague released a new album with their folk project Florist, If Blue Could Be Happiness, and she's just announced that she'll be releasing an ambient album under the name Emily A. Sprague in a couple weeks. “Water Memory began as an imagination of the feelings that are floating through the natural world around us,” reads the album's Bandcamp description. “It morphed and cycled and gained memories of my own which are now contained like those in all bodies.” The first selection we're hearing from the album, “Water Memory 1,” is a calming, meditative loop that sounds like the gentle lapping of a lake. Listen to it below.
Water Memory by Emily A. Sprague
Tracklist:
01 “A Lake”
02 “Water Memory 1″
03 “Water Memory 2″
04 “Dock”
05 “Your Pond”
Water Memory is out 12/21. Pre-order it here. Sprague will be playing next year's Moogfest.
Lorde has been named Billboard's most influential popstar under the age of 21.
The 17-year-old singer tops the list ahead of 5 Seconds of Summer, Justin Bieber, Martin Garrix and Fifth Harmony.
Lorde has enjoyed international success with their debut album Pure Heroine since it was released in late 2013. They debuted at number six on last year's influential list.
One Direction were named the most influential young popstars of 2013, but now that multiple members of the group are aged 21 or over, they are no longer eligible.
5 Seconds of Summer finished in second place this year, with Justin Bieber in third, and 18-year-old DJ Martin Garrix in fourth.
Fifth Harmony - who finished in third on the 2012 series of The X Factor USA - round out this year's Top 5.
Austin Mahone (6), Becky G (9) and The Vamps (20) also feature on this year's list.
Take a look at Billboard's full 21 Under 21 list below:
1. Lorde
2. 5 Seconds of Summer
3. Justin Bieber
4. Martin Garrix
5. Fifth Harmony
6. Austin Mahone
7. Earl Sweatshirt
8. Shawn Mendes
9. Becky G
10. Chief Keef
11. Luis Coronel
12. Meghan Trainor
13. Cody Simpson
14. Madeon
15. Bobby Shmurda
16. Scotty McCreery
17. Troye Sivan
18. Rae Sremmurd
19. Akdong Musician
20. The Vamps
21. Unlocking the Truth
Watch the music video for Lorde's 'Team' below:
Becoming a successful real estate agent is not easy, because it takes time to sell enough houses to make a good living. The great thing about being a real estate agent is you can make a lot of money if you work hard, have a plan, and stick to it. You don't have to do everything yourself as an agent. Joining a successful real estate team is a great way to jumpstart your career and make more money. I run a successful real estate team and I have been part of a team my entire real estate career. Being on a team has huge advantages; you learn from experienced agents, you get leads, you have someone to go to for advice, and you won't have to pay for everything yourself!
Why do agents create teams?
There are many reasons an agent will create a real estate team. The goal of most agents is to sell a lot of houses by building up their client base and getting referrals from past clients and their circle of influence. When a real estate agent builds a big enough circle of influence they will start to see many referrals and leads come in. Some agents are happy doing enough business to keep themselves busy, while others look to expand and take advantage of all those leads. When a real estate agent gets busy, their first hire should be an assistant to help with contracts and paperwork. After the agent has an assistant to help with the busy work and they still can't keep up, they look to hire more agents.
The agent who starts a team will make money off the agents they hire because they take a split of the agent's commissions. Some lead agents will provide training, pay office bills, and offer other perks to get agents on their team. When an agent becomes successful, starting a team is a great way to build off their success by adding agents and making money without selling more houses themselves.
How can new agents get started?
It is hard to get started as a real estate agent, because you only make money when you sell houses, and it can take months before you sell your first house. The average agent makes less than $20,000 in their first year because it takes time to become established. As a new agent figuring out how to get leads, what to spend money on and how to sell houses is difficult.
When you choose a broker to work with they may or may not offer training. Real estate classes do not teach how to sell houses, but the laws and regulations regarding the process of selling houses. Learning from a mentor who has been successful in your market is the best way to learn how to sell houses and build your business. It will drastically reduce the learning curve when starting out as an agent and save you money as well.
What are commissions splits on teams?
The lead agent will take a part of each agent's commission in return for the services and training they offer. However, that does not mean a new agent will earn much less on a team than they would on their own. New agents usually will receive a lower commission split than experienced agents when they join an office. The fewer houses you sell, the less money you make the office, and the smaller commission split you will get. When you join a real estate team, the team leader most likely sells a lot of houses and will have a very high commission split. In some cases, the team leader may even be the broker and will not have to split any of their team's commissions with the office. In my office, I am not the broker, but I am on a 100 percent commission split because I pay a base fee every year to my broker.
Since the lead agent gets most or all the commission, they can pay agents on their team close to what that agent would make on their own. I offer agents on my team a 50/50 split on all deals they do (I offer a better split for more experienced agents). Some teams offer different commissions depending on where a lead came from; the team or the agent. I offer the same split no matter where the lead came from because I want agents working just as hard on my leads as their own. There is also difficulty knowing where a lead actually came from because calls come in from for sale signs and other sources that cannot be tracked.
Even though some teams may offer a higher split than other teams, a real estate agent does not always want the higher split. New real estate agents need training and mentoring to learn the business and become successful. The more training an agent gets, the more deals they will do, and the more money they will make. The higher commission split does not mean more money but does usually mean less training and help. I like to tell new agents 100 percent of $0 is still $0. A lot of agents make very little money trying to do everything on their own with no training.
How much money do real estate agents make?
What education do teams offer?
When you get your real estate license the courses do not teach you how to get business. You have to learn how to build your business on your own or with the help of a mentor. Here are a few things a new agent will learn from a real estate team.
There are many companies out there who promise great leads to agents. Some of those lead sources are okay and some are a complete ripoff. I discuss real estate leads in this article, but a new agent can easily go broke trying out different lead sources. The best way to build the business is not from buying leads, but from building a database from people you already know. A real estate team will help you decide where to spend money and which programs are worth paying for.
A great real estate team will also provide training for new agents. I have a team meeting every week with training sessions and I am thinking about holding meetings every day to increase my team's performance. My training sessions discuss lead sources, how to talk to clients, how to talk to new leads, what you can and can't say, how to prospect, how to work with investors and much more.
A real estate team will help agents with paperwork and contracts. My least favorite part of real estate is dealing with paperwork. I have assistants on my team who handle almost all paperwork for me, and they help other agents on my team with paperwork as well. We teach our agents how to handle inspections, appraisals, loans, closings, contracts, the MLS and more, but my assistant can create all the contracts and addendums for those tasks.
Our team teaches agents how to build a database. We teach our agents how to meet people, how to contact people, who to contact and how to follow-up. This is the most important part of being an agent and new agents have no idea how to get started with it.
Will agents make more money on their own?
I already discussed why a lower commission split with a team may not equal less money to a new agent. How exactly can a real estate team help a new agent make more money?
A team will help you learn the business and they will give you leads in many cases. With my team I let them put name riders, on my listings and their names go on all the advertising. I don't work with buyers because I am busy with many other money-making activities. We also have a lead line that goes to agents' cell phones in a round robin style format. That line has leads coming in from advertising, websites, Zillow and many more sources.
My team makes our agents hold open houses to get business. We have many listings, which make it easy for our agents to find houses to hold open. We also provide training on the best way to hold open houses and get clients from them.
My goal is to have every agent on my team take home $100,000 a year. The more money my agents make a year, the more money I make. I am motivated to help my agents succeed and sell as many houses as possible. Not only does a team help agents sell houses by providing leads and training, but they also provide motivation and push agents to succeed.
A team should provide books, CDs, and other learning material to their agents. I signed up for a real estate agent training course that provides training CDs every month. We give those CDs to all our agents to listen to and we also give them good books to help them succeed.
A real estate team should have accountability with their agents. We help our agents create and track their goals in the business and life. We provide tracking sheets that help agents determine how many people they have to talk to and meet to reach those goals.
My team holds events like happy hours that the entire team attends and invites clients too. These events help our team build better relationships and keep in touch with their best lead sources; people.
A real estate team may also help agents with expenses such as advertising, board dues, licensing fees, continuing education, and office bills. I take all my CE credits online a Real Estate Express, which also offers licensing programs.
Some real estate teams may even offer hourly wages to help with tasks, which can be a huge bonus to new agents.
For those looking for something to help them succeed as a real estate agent I have written an eBook; How to Make it Big in Real Estate. The book is available on Amazon as a paperback or eBook.
Who should consider a team?
This article is geared towards new agents starting a career, but established agents will benefit from a team as well. If a team is set up well, it will help an established agent sell more houses by providing support staff, leads, accountability and help when an agent is sick or goes on vacation. Our goal is to let our agents sell houses, while our staff takes care of the advertising, paperwork and lead generation. I know I sell many more houses with a team and help than I ever could on my own.
How can you find a team?
The best way to find a real estate team is to find out what agents are selling the most houses in your area. The most successful agents usually have a team and if they don't, they need a team! Contact those agents that sell the most houses and see if they hire new agents on their team or are looking for assistants to help their team. You can also check with different offices to see if there are real estate teams in their office that are looking for new agents. My real estate team in Northern Colorado (Greeley) is always looking for new agents to join our team. New agents that join our team must be highly motivated, be available full-time, have a great work ethic and be willing to talk on the phone a lot. A real estate team will help agents succeed, but agents still have to work very hard to succeed.
Update on my team and office
I ran my team for many years but opened my own office in 2018. Blue Steel Real Estate was opened for many reasons and I am the managing broker of the office. I no longer have a team, but an office! If any agents are interested in joining, send me an email [email protected].
Conclusion
Joining a real estate team can be a huge boost to any real estate agent's career. Not every real estate team is the same and not every real estate team will provide the training and support agents are looking for. If you are interviewing to join a real estate team, do more than answer their questions. Ask the team what training they provide, what leads they provide and how they will help you succeed. We do our best to help our agents succeed, but some teams add agents hoping they will sell houses without showing them how to sell houses.
The University of California in Berkeley was again the scene of violence recently, as protesters claimed license to silence those with whom they disagree. Their fight against “fascism” took the form of not just stopping a speech, but assaulting those who came to hear it.
For those of us at universities and colleges, these counter-demonstrators, and in particular the masked antifa protesters, are a troubling and growing presence on our campuses. They have been assaulting people and blocking speeches for years with relatively little condemnation. They flourish in an environment where any criticism is denounced as being reflective of racist or fascist sentiments.
ADVERTISEMENT
However, as the latest violence in Berkeley vividly demonstrates, there is no distinction between these protesters and the fascists they claim to be resisting. They are all fascists in their use of fear and violence to silence others. What is particularly chilling is how some academics have given this anti-speech mob legitimacy through pseudo-philosophical rationalizations.
At Berkeley and other universities, protesters have held up signs saying “F--k Free Speech” and have threatened to beat up anyone taking their pictures, including journalists. They seem blissfully ignorant of the contradiction in using fascistic tactics as anti-fascist protesters. After all, a leading definition of fascism is “a tendency toward or actual exercise of strong autocratic or dictatorial control.”
CNN recently interviewed antifa protesters who insist that violence is simply the language that their opponents understand. Leftist organizer Scott Crow endorsed illegal actions and said that antifa activists cover their faces to “avoid the ramifications of law enforcement.” Such violent logic is supported by some professors.
Last week, Clemson University Professor Bart Knijnenburg went on Facebook to call Trump supporters and Republicans “racist scum.” They added, “I admire anyone who stands up against white supremacy, violent or nonviolent. This needs to stop, by any means necessary. #PunchNazis.”  They are not alone. Trinity College Professor Johnny Williams, who teaches classes on race, posted attacks on bigots and called on people to “let them f-----g die.”
These voices go beyond the troubling number of academics supporting speech codes and the curtailment of free speech. These are scholars who have embraced the antithesis of the life and values of academia. They justify violence to silence those who are deemed unworthy to be heard. Dartmouth Professor Mark Bray, the author of a book entitled “Antifa: The Anti-Fascist Handbook” is one of the chief enablers of these protesters. Bray defines antifa as “politics or an activity of social revolutionary self defense. It's a pan-left radical politics uniting communists, socialists, anarchists and various different radical leftists together for the shared purpose of combating the far right.”
Bray speaks positively of the effort to supplant traditional views of free speech: “At the heart of the anti-fascist outlook is a rejection of the classical liberal phrase… that says I disapprove of what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it.” They define anti-fascists as “illiberal” who reject the notion that far right views deserve to “coexist” with opposing views.
Bray says that the protesters do not “see fascism or white supremacy as a view with which they disagree as a difference of opinion.” Their goal is not co-existence but “to end their politics.” Bray and other academics are liberating students from the confines of what they deem the false “allegiance to liberal democracy.” Once freed of the values of free speech and democratic values, violence becomes merely politics by other means.
When pushed, Bray's rationalization for the antifa movement rapidly descends into intellectual gibberish: “There is a certain political lens that — agree or disagree with the lens — there is an element of continuity in terms of the types of groups targeted. I don't know of any Democratic Party events that have been ‘no platformed,' or shut down by anti-fascists. So there is a political lens, people will quibble about what the lens is, who designs the lens, but I don't think the slippery slope is actually, in practice, nearly as much of a concern as people imagine it would be.”
There does not have to be a “lens.” Indeed, that it is the principle of the “liberal democracy” so casually cast aside by Bray and their braying followers. While Bray insists that they are not in favor of violent protests or even free speech, they insist that there is a duty to stop those who threaten the existence of others and the antifa protests are a form of “community self defense.”
Ironically, Bray and others have come to use the intellectual freedom of our universities to advance the most anti-intellectual movement in our history. They are destroying the very academic institutions that have protected their extreme views. Just as the father of the atomic bomb, Robert Oppenheimer, said that “physicists have known sin,” the antifa movement is the sin of academia in abandoning our core values.
These protesters believe that history shows the dangers of free speech and the need to deny it to those who would misuse it. It is a familiar sentiment that “all the experience... accumulated through several decades teaches us... to deprive the reactionaries of the right to speak and let the people alone have that right.” Those were the words of another early anti-fascist, China's Communist Party leader Mao Zedong.
Jonathan Turley is the Shapiro Professor of Public Interest Law at George Washington University. You can follow them on Twitter @JonathanTurley.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
When Google first announced its plan for a balloon-based Wi-Fi system called Project Loon, it was unlike anything most of the world had ever heard. But now, a company called Space Data Corporation is claiming it developed that technology more than a decade earlier — and Google's moonshot was based in part on its proprietary trade secrets.
In a complaint filed earlier this week in Northern California District Court, Space Data cites two patents that Loon allegedly infringes on — one dealing with providing connectivity through a network of balloons (filed in 1999) and another dealing with the termination and recovery of those balloons (filed in 2001). Both patents predate Loon and the company does not appear to have licensed either one. Google holds a number of its own patents on Loon's technology, granted without reference to Space Data's technology.
Space Data currently offers two products — SkySat and SkySite — both of which aim to provide balloon-based connectivity in a similar way to Project Loon. The system does not appear to be in wide use, although the company does hold FCC licenses to provide broadband spectrum services in remote areas of Alaska and the Gulf of Mexico.
There's also reason to think that Google's top executives knew about Space Data's work during the period that Loon was being conceived and launched. In February of 2008, Google founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page visited Space Data's headquarters with as many as 10 other Google executives in tow.
The visit was subsequently reported by The Wall Street Journal, fueling speculation that Google might contract with the company or even purchase it outright, but no partnership ever materialized. Three years later, informal work began on Project Loon.
The executives involved signed non-disclosure agreements before the visit, and Space Data is now alleging that the subsequent rise of Project Loon is reason to think those agreements were broken.
Reached by The Verge, Google declined to comment on the lawsuit.
It's not the first time Google X has fended off allegations of trade secret theft. In 2014, architect Eli Attia sued X over an architecture spinoff that they claimed was based on their proprietary Engineered Architecture system. The case followed a similar pattern, with Attia deeply involved in the early stages of the project, but increasingly marginalized as the project came closer to being deployed.
An entire network of satellites in space is used to monitor changes in sea level rise, global temperatures, air pollution, and ice formations. The data gives evidence of how humankind's activities are rapidly changing our climate in new and dangerous ways. It provides real-time feedback on our efforts in sustaining life in the goldilocks zone — where it's not too hot, not too cold, but just the way we like it. The data informs us of how we must act for a sustainable future, and the urgency at which we must do so.
Besides surveying earth signs, some satellites act as watchdogs, keeping a vigilant eye for ships lost to illegal fishing and the trafficking of human slaves.
While satellites send us data from above, could solar panels too beam us power from space? Not limited by the rotation of the earth toward and away from the sun, solar panels in space can bask in 24/7 of pure sunjuice. While the technology is still in the works and faces its fair share of challenges, space offers us the room to imagine new ways of generating renewable energy — key to stabilising and restoring the earth's climate.
In nature, no fallen leaf, body or tree is ever wasted. This is an art we have yet to master, as can be seen from our seas of marine plastic waste and atmospheres overladen with waste carbon dioxide. Wherever humankind has set foot we leave a trail of junk, even space is not spared.
More than 500,000 pieces of debris, or “space junk,” are tracked as they orbit the Earth. They all travel at speeds up to 17,500 mph, fast enough for a relatively small piece of orbital debris to damage a satellite or a spacecraft. — NASA
Companies and projects like Astroscale and RemoveDebris by Surrey Space Centre is on a mission to clean up space junk with all sorts of gadgets up their sleeves, including… nets and harpoons. In a zone so large that it is named as ‘space', where even the tiniest paint flecks traveling at high velocities can damage a spacecraft, how do we feel about our junk cast into orbit?
When waste is framed in new dimensions, we get the opportunity to rethink our old ways. As you can imagine, the tiniest piece of debris in space would take a colossally disproportionate effort to dispose. Before we venture into new spaces, before we create something, we first need to think of how it will be disposed, repurposed, recycled, from cradle to cradle.
Just as with space junk, our other space activities could have unintended consequences. There is the hypothesis that rogue astronaut corpses could spark life on other planets. Closer to home, asteroid mining costs an investment of $1 billion but offers profits estimated to be in the quintillions of dollars (1 followed by 18 zeros). Unsurprisingly asteroid mining for metals and minerals such as gold and platinum has drawn great interest, there is even a dashboard that tracks each asteroid for its composition, costs and rewards.
With space solar and mining set in place, why not shift the entire heavy industry into space?
“I predict that in the next few hundred years, all heavy industry will move off planet. It will be just way more convenient to do it in space, where you have better access to resources, better access to 24/7 solar power,” said Jeff Bezos. “Solar power on Earth is not that great, because the planet shades us half the time. In space, you get solar power all the time. So there'll be a lot of advantages to doing heavy manufacturing there, and Earth will end up zoned residential and light industry.” — Jeff Bezos via GeekWire
Have the consequences of asteroid mining and the industrialisation of space been thoroughly considered? Are we simply shifting the issue from overconsumption to further exploitation? At the dawn of renewed interest in space, we must now be thoughtful in how we design our next steps, to think not just of ourselves, the here and now, but the collective of today and the future. Why? Because the universe is a nicer place when we fill our neighborhood with kindness and grace.
There is so much that we seek when we look toward the skies. Beyond wealth and egos, we gravitate toward space as it captures our imagination like no other. What do we love more than solving fresh demanding challenges outside of our turfs? — Space poses us extreme design challenges the moment we try to send people up. A spaceship for instance holds limited resources to sustain an astronaut's life. With this design constraint, NASA researched how exhaled carbon dioxide from astronauts could be a nutrient for making food, which the astronaut would then eat and exhale once again as carbon dioxide. This principle of recycling CO2 as a resource and earth as essentially a giant spaceship, has inspired biotech company Kiverdi which uses a special class of microbes that can make 10,000 times more food per land area.
Why does space inspire us so? Perhaps it is our getaway, like taking a shower where we are transported from the everyday to be gifted with aha moments. This is the space where we reframe problems, where paradigm shifts in sustainable design can burst into life. Today we live in the age of the second space race, toward Mars — popularised by larger than life figures like Elon Musk.
Musk said there were “two fundamental paths” facing humanity today. “One is that we stay on Earth forever and then there will be an inevitable extinction event,” they said. “The alternative is to become a spacefaring civilization, and a multi-planetary species.” — The Guardian
Whether we can truly live in space for generations on end is not yet clear, but is an area undergoing intensive research spanning everything from how to grow potatoes on Mars to whether it is possible to procreate. In a blur between science fiction and reality, it was recently announced that a new outer space nation, Asgardia, has formed and is now recruiting citizens.
Here we are confronted with a fork in the road. When we talk about sustainability, are we referring to that of life on earth, or of the human species? Although there is room for overlap, both definitions lift us off in very different trajectories. Governments have the power to steer us in either direction and this is already happening with the newly elected US president Donald Trump, who is likely to focus more on human spaceflight and commercialization, rather than earth science and climate research. Are we ensuring the survival of humans at all cost and at the expense of everything around us? Is that ultimately a sustainable mindset or a deeply entrenched folly that we are capable of shaping our environments, independent of the interconnectedness of the universe?
All at once space captures our imagination to journey and discover, and to look back fondly upon earth as our fragile and only home (at least in the near future) that we must protect. On our fragile home planet what is most important to sustain? In the vastness of the universe, how will we choose to advance as a civilisation?
If your favorite Pokémon Go scanner or bot app just stopped working, this is why. Niantic has pushed the button to enable the new encryption that is aimed at blocking 3rd party software from accessing the Pokémon Go servers.
The new encryption is using Google's Captcha when it detects unusual behavior. The image above shows how the in-game captcha looks like. The user interface is misleading. Checking the box is just triggering a bunch of background checks on the Google servers determining if you are a legit user on a legit device.
The reCaptcha Advanced Risk Analysis backend actively considers a user's entire engagement with the CAPTCHA—before, during, and after—to determine whether that user is a human. This enables Google to rely less on typing distorted text and, in turn, offer a better experience for users. In case the risk analysis is unsure, the system presents a full Captcha that requires to decode an image.
In parallel Google changed something that blocks again Pokémon Go app and other apps on rooted phones. The Magisk work around has stopped working because of the new changes to how Google's SafetyNet is implemented. If you have succeeded to get the Pokémon Go app working again after the first time Niantic implemented SafetyNet, you have to find a new work around again. Right now there seem to be no solution to run the Pokémon Go app on rooted devices.
The developer of Magisk is working on an update and believes they can circumvent the new SafetyNet check with the next update of Magisk.
The trainer community is again outraged because of the blocks. Understandably so as Niantic is still not offering any kind of Pokémon tracking. The roll out of the new security measures might though mean that Niantic is finally going to roll out the nearby tracker.
The developer behind the most popular Pokémon scanner FastPokeMap still believes they can find a workaround, but a scalable solution will take time. They cautioned just now on Twitter: "Niantic just implemented a new security feature, scanning might be inaccurate." The FPM developer known as whitelist_ip on reddit just posted that half their accounts have hit the reCaptcha.  They are stopping FastPokeMap now until they know how the reCapture is triggered.
They added on Twitter: "Welp, i'll see what I can do but this doesn't look bright. Never give up though."
Update: In breaking developments, the end of FastPokeMap is near, because of staggering reCaptcha solving cost.
FastPokemon App has officially stopped scanning. All other scanners that directly access in real-time Pokémon Go servers will stop working as well. Bots, IV trackers, you name it, will all be blocked.
Niantic is now in control. Lets see how long the 3rd party Pokémon Go developer community needs to find a workaround. The cat and mouse game goes into the second major round.
FastPokeMap, PokeAlert and others are scanning again despite the reCaptcha. PokeAlert gives users the URL ot the reCaptcha to resolve and continue. FPM seems to cycle through lots of accounts to keep on scanning, but the performance is way done. I do see though a good number of Pokémon near my location in FastPokeMap. It is useable.
Niantic's reCaptcha deployment is slowing down 3rd party apps, but not completely blocking them. There is supposed also a pending change in the encryption of the protocols. Apparently that is not live.
As usual, Niantic has not said anything yet about what is going on right now. There are lots of comments that say if Niantic would just offer a in-app scanner many trainers would refrain from using 3rd party apps like FastPokeMap, PokeWhere and others. Most trainers are for the blocking of botters, but use scanners to find Pokémon they want for the Pokedex. Niantic has announced a new upcoming feature that is unrelated to what is going on with Captcha security and SafetyNet measures. Trainers will be able to earn capture bonus for rare Pokémon in a future Pokémon Go update.
FastPokeMap recently blocked other apps from using their scan data. With the new security measure rolled out, apps like PokeWhere and ScanGo will not get any data from FPM now. The top dog has now cut access to Pokémon spawn information.
Niantic already introduced the new security measures with the release of the Pokémon Go app version 0.37.0 and 1.7.0 back in early September. The blocking of rooted devices was quickly circumvented by existing solutions that enable apps to run despite Google's Safety net. Niantic has waited almost a month to enable to new encryption and reCaptcha mechanism rolled out in the app updates back in early September.
The new security just got deployed at around 3pm ET on Wednesday, October 5. It is hard to put an exact time on it, but this is when the first reports of affected 3rd party apps surfaced.
Read more Pokémon Go News.
LUCKONW: Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan , who rejoined the party recently, has stoked a controversy when they questioned whether Kashmir was part of India after they said there is only one Muslim minister in the Union Cabinet who is not from this country but who is from Kashmir.At a public meeting in Badaun, about 250 km from here, on Tuesday night, Khan said that Ghulam Nabi Azad is the lone Muslim cabinet minister in the UPA government but they are a "Kashmiri.""Only one Muslim minister (Azad) is there in the (Union) Cabinet and that too not of India, but from Kashmir. That Kashmir, which is still controversial and we don't know whether that is part of India or not...," Khan said in remarks that could embarrass the SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav Khan made a reference to Azad while hitting out at the Congress for not being serious about the interests of minorities citing that the UPA government had only one Muslim in the cabinet.The Congress condemned Khan's remarks as "most unfortunate" while BJP dubbed them as "irresponsible." There was also a demand that Khan be booked on charges of treason."There is a practice of issuing irresponsible statements to remain in news and Azam Khan's statement in Badaun that Ghulam Nabi Azad is not from India but from Kashmir which is not clear whether it is in India or Pakistan is another such example," BJP spokesperson Vijay Pathak said.Earlier it was a Congress leader, Digvijay Singh who made a controversial statement harming national interest and now it is Azam Khan who is doing the same and a treason case should be filed against him, Pathak said.Congress spokesperson Subodh Srivasatava while terming the statement as most unfortunate both for the SP and Khan said that the former would have to think whether it has done the right thing by taking them back in the party."It is most unfortunate that leaders such as Khan are in the forefront of Muslim politics and the SP would have to think whether it has done the right thing in taking them back ", Srivasatav said adding that they should introspect whether such statments are in the interest of the nation or not.Moreover, Khan's statement is also wrong factually as there are several Muslim leaders in the UPA government other than Ghulam Nabi Azad, Srivastava added.Defending Khan, Samajwadi Party spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said the statement should be understood in the context it was issued."Khan spoke with regard to the problem of Kashmir which is the outcome of Congress policies and it should not be read out of context", Chaudhary said adding that there should not be any doubt in anyone's mind over Khan's patriotism.Azam Khan is known for their critical political statements in the past and had even landed in a problem for their remarks on the Ambedkar Memorial in Lucknow and calling Bharat Mata as 'demon'.
HO / AFP / Getty A technician at the U.S. Army's Fort Detrick biomedical research lab in Maryland opens a letter suspected of containing anthrax and addressed to Senator Patrick Leahy in December 2001
Related The Anthrax Mystery Deepens
While the FBI waits to formally release its evidence against Bruce E. Ivins, the microbiologist it claims to have linked to the anthrax mailings seven years ago, who killed themselves on July 29, the public is getting a sneak peek  by way of federal leaks to the media. The leaks are piling up almost too fast to keep track of. Some seem damning, others perplexing, but the pause is creating a strange void  in which leaks are followed by rebuttals from Ivins' colleagues and their attorney (who steadfastly denies that their client had any role in the attacks) and then followed by more leaks. The result leaves neither Ivins nor the FBI looking good.
Most notably, unnamed federal officials are telling media outlets that the FBI used new DNA technology to link the anthrax that killed five people in 2001 to anthrax handled by Ivins in their federal lab. But scientists who knew Ivins  and some who didn't  tell TIME this is not a simple matter, technically speaking.
For one thing, a group of people have access to the anthrax at any given lab. "What you can do with all those forensic techniques is trace the anthrax to a lab, but you can't trace it to a person," says Meryl Nass, a Maine doctor who studies the anthrax vaccine and was a professional acquaintance of Ivins for more than 15 years. What's more, Nass adds, the link is not accurate with 100% certainty. "You can't convict someone with that evidence."
Moreover, it is hard to understand why the match could not simply be explained by the lab's prominent involvement in the federal investigation, notes Randall Larsen, a retired Air Force colonel and a senior associate at the Center for Biosecurity, University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
The FBI itself sent the anthrax letters to Ivins and their colleagues at the biodefense lab for analysis "almost immediately" following the attacks in 2001, confirms Caree Vander-Linden, a spokesperson for the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases, where Ivins worked. An FBI spokesperson referred TIME to the spokesperson for the FBI's Washington Field Office, who did not return a call requesting comment.
Part of the confusion comes from the fact that bioterrorism cases do not generally produce stellar forensic evidence. "The nature of biological weapons is such that it is very difficult to figure out where something came from," says Larsen, author of a 2008 book on homeland security titled Our Own Worst Enemy. "The FBI does a marvelous job with guns and bombs, but anthrax is extremely difficult."
In the face of this challenge, Ivins' lawyer says, the FBI stalked their client in pursuit of evidence they didn't have, driving them to drink and to depression. Ivins took at least two polygraph tests, says their attorney Paul Kemp, and apparently passed both of them. "That certainly was our impression," they say. "That's certainly what they were told."
Contrary to previous media reports, Kemp says their client had not been negotiating a plea agreement at the time of their death. Indeed, contrary to some suggestions in initial reports, the grand jury investigating the case was at least a few weeks from handing down any kind of indictment. Kemp and Ivins met with the FBI four or five times, beginning last December, after the bureau informed Ivins that "he could be a suspect," Kemp says. Most recently, Kemp says, they met with agents the day Ivins committed suicide, not knowing they were already dead.
Ivins was "totally responsive to every single question and never refused to answer," Kemp says. Over the past seven years, before they were a suspect in the case, Ivins had been interviewed 20 to 25 times in the case. They had cooperated fully and had their security clearances renewed, Kemp says.
Given that the government already had to pay a multimillion-dollar settlement for linking an innocent government scientist, Steven Hatfill, to the attacks, FBI officials are clearly worried about their reputation for bumbling the anthrax case and are eager to share what they know. But they are waiting to proceed publicly until a judge unseals the evidence in the Ivins case and all the victims and their families have been briefed on the details. More information may become public in the next couple of days. Amid all the leaks and whispers over this grim episode in a grim case, some hard information will be a welcome development.
Higher fares or less service — that's the choice the Toronto Transit Commission confronts when it considers a 5-cent fare hike proposal for next year, says TTC chair Karen Stintz. Without the price increase, it's likely that service cuts would be unavoidable, they said. Even with outsourcing unionized jobs, transit officials face a $30 million gap in the 2013 operating budget.
The TTC wants to raise $18 million with a fare hike of 5 cents. The recommendation will be part of a budget report before the commission on Thursday.
The fare rise, which translates into about $30 a year for Metropass users, would cover about $18 million of that, Stintz said. “Without a fare increase, if our subsidy stays flat, we would then go back to reducing service. Even with all the cost-cutting measures we're taking, we won't be able to close that gap.” The fare discussion is part of a budget report to be released Wednesday in advance of the TTC board meeting Thursday. The TTC depends on about a $500 million subsidy from the city to balance its $1.5 billion annual operating budget. Last year, the city councillors on the TTC board approved in principle a 10-cent annual fare increase through 2015. But Stintz said the board is aware higher transit fares affect vulnerable residents most.
Article Continued Below
“The commission is mindful that fare increases do impact those at the lower end of the income spectrum,” they said. The commission will keep on refining its budget, including potential diesel savings, to cover off the remaining $12 million gap, Stintz said. But contracting-out bus cleaning has already been factored in. The loss of about 159 jobs — current workers will be absorbed into other TTC areas — is in addition to about 30 washroom-cleaning positions already outsourced this year, said Bob Kinnear, president of the transit workers' union. “The timing of the proposed increase is to try to drum up animosity among the riders. At the same time, they're contracting out to suggest it's the employees that are the problem,” Kinnear said. About 60 workers picketed the TTC's Davisville headquarters on Tuesday.
Kinnear released a list of 19 areas they say are being considered for outsourcing, from gatehouse attendants to bus maintenance workers and subway and streetcar cleaners. “They're going to peg them off one by one,” they said. The union says the TTC is over-estimating the potential savings of outsourcing. Its estimates do not include the cost of implementing and administering the contracts or handling contractual disputes. The union reports that a detailed wage proposal that would have saved the TTC $4.13 million over two years by reclassifying many of the cleaning jobs was rejected. The TTC claims it will save $4.29 million from contracting-out bus cleaning. But that amount won't be realized until all eight garages are affected, and the TTC is expected to approve outsourcing at only two of them for the time being — a total of 44 jobs.
Read more about:
Unprecedented Chain of Indictments; 294 More Elite Pedophiles Reported
by USJ Staff 9.48k
Sealed indictments are rare. It's rare to have more than 1 or 2 in a month in any given district. There are literally hundreds now, all over the US.
Speaking to a lawyer friend of mine. They said 1-3 sealed indictments in a month in any one district wouldn't cause to many eyebrows to be raised. 4-5 is high, 6 is almost unheard of.
Between the 294 Indictments now located across the country PLUS the 81 in Washington, DC and in Eastern Virginia, that's almost 400 Sealed Indictments. The lawyer told me this number is “off the charts . . . .no one has seen anything like this.”
This is not dis-info, it is fact. Sealed indictments are verifiable public record. We don't know whats in them yet, but you can see they are there and it's sure as heck not normal, it's unprecedented. There has never been this many at once . . . ever.
I'm just connecting the dots. Pedophile cases in the news every single day for the last 3 weeks? We've gone years without hearing about any pedophile stuff, but now in the last 3 weeks it's case, after case, after case, after case of some pervert, from Hollywood to DC.
Uranium One with all the Bribery, Kickbacks, Extortion and Money Laundering.
The fake Trump “Dossier” where Clinton and the DNC laundered money through the Perkins Coie Law Firm to hide the expenditures from campaign finance disclosure laws.
All of the locations given are the home bases of the previous administrations back to Bush.
Trump could be doing 9/11 and Pedogate, Uranium One, the Classified Hillary email scandal, pay to play, rigging the Democratic Primary Election, illegally spying on their campaign. … all of it known and unknown.
What if these indictments are the U.S. (Trump) version of the Saudi Arabia counter coup?
The crown prince just had many in their own royal family arrested for corruption.
What if these indictments are the same type of mass sweep of corrupt individuals?
I think that when these Sealed Indictments are made public, it will shake the corridors of power in this country right to the very core. I think the Halls of Power — “The Elite” — are being brought down.
Time will tell.
I found 294 more sealed indictments from 10/30 thru 11/9.
AR East (Little Rock): 7
IL South (CHI): 11
TX North (DAL): 46
CA Central (LA): 162
FL South (Miami): 8
NY South (NYC): 60 FBI from these cities reportedly investigating Clinton Foundationhttps://t.co/lykbkXZiDY — StormWatcher ? ? ?? ✝ (@damartin32) November 10, 2017
This Article Was Originally Published In Hal Turner
posted by ProxyPL
ADVERTISING:
Proxy: Hi Madara! When I interviewed mstco from NoT they said that attending minor LANs like Razer Think Fast is the best way to learn how to play at an offline event with a crowd. Would you agree? Was playing on a stage in front of people ever a problem for you?
Madara: I agree that playing LANs is the best way to learn mostly because there's more pressure for the players and its more motivating than online tournaments. Playing on a stage was never a problem for me, I go to LANs to play and win dota so I just have to deal with minor things like these.
When we last spoke with you it was just before StarLadder XII. You had a tough run at that event, what did you take away from that tournament? In what field you feel like you lacked the most compared to top teams? Do you think it is more about individual skills or team play?
The most important thing to be taken from StarLadder was the experience and improve playing against top teams both individually and as a team. It was a combination of both, our mindset going into the tournament wasn't that good so it was all a good experience for us.
In the interview before StarLadder you/your team told us that “the prospect of LAN doesn't scare us, on the contrary it makes us stronger” but unfortunately you had a bad result. Did you feel the same way before MLG?
I personally felt the same way, I wanted to give it my all and beat every team we faced and I think my teammates had the same mindset but unfortunately we couldn't, but with the result we got I am happy as we managed to get to the top 4, but the feeling that you can do better is always there so I can't say I'm content with the result but we tried our best.
London Conspiracy during Razer Think Fast
MLG - The tables have turned
What is more, Madara told us:
We only practiced for 1 day before going to MLG and that was it. We just went to play our best, show what we learned from the TI qualifiers and take as much as we can from the tournament.
Was there anything different about MLG compared to other LANs that helped you perform better? Was the format something that benefited you?
Well in MLG we actually played on stage, in comparison to StarLadder where some teams didn't get the chance to play on stage, for example, us. It probably motivated us more to play better.
It definitely helped us because I don't think we could beat EG in a bo3 format, but in bo1's you never know what can happen and the chances to win are high, I think LC is a good bo1 team for sure as we use a lot of pocket strats and we yolo quite a bit
Eliminating EG at MLG - No Wispect
In the first match you faced EG, but you unfortunately lost. What was the key factor in your defeat? Was it the fact that your support combo didn't achieve as much? Did you notice anything that helped you in your rematch against them?
We were overaggressive against a team that plays a passive game on a top level, so we gave them an early lead which they used to take roshans and made teamfights easier for them. Their support did a lot of work for them in the early game in comparison to ours, because of some mistakes we made. We still had a chance to comeback tho but they had good positioning in all the fights and it was hard for us to get the fights as we wanted, so we got forced into bad fights, which gave them a bigger lead.
PPD about the rematch against LC: "In just few seconds we lost the game"
Madara: For the rematch against them we had a better draft and we wanted to play a more passive game as our over aggression didn't work against them the first game, they had no catch and we could use the map as we pleased in most cases. They made 1-2 big mistakes and gave us 2 lanes of racks. After that it was almost impossible for them to comeback.
I see, were you surprised that EG last picked Io in the rematch? How did you expect them to lane after you saw their lineup?
We were surprised because, honestly we don't believe they play Io that well and we are confident against better teams using Io so we were really confident when we saw them pick Io, we knew how they were gonna lane because they didn't have that many options. We were prepared and knew what they wanted to do pretty much.
That knowledge seemed to pay off in the early game, you were actually winning. You went for some impressive plays like Spartan's Black Hole from the low ground catching QoP. Was a planned move or something that happened in the heat of the moment?
Spartan tried to gank qop with a smoke, unfortunately failed but luckily for us it was night time so they went around to catch them of guard which worked . So pretty much it was a planned move that didn't go as planned and then Spartan had to improvise.
Did you feel that you needed to keep pulling something like that off in order defeat EG or were you confident that if you play your own game you can still beat them?
We were confident as long as we can take the game into late game. We had better picks and we had a better position 1 carry than them, so what we needed to do was to create space and make some plays around the map which worked for us, mostly because they had no catch.
What was your reaction when you managed to pick EG off one by one when they were returning to defend? Did you feel like you have the game in the bag at that point?
We saw that not everyone had a tp when they killed roshan and we knew we could pick them off, I think they were a bit overconfident and underestimated us a bit because they had the aegis. We were really happy when we actually picked them off we knew we had the game under control when we took 2 sides or racks.
You personally played very well on PL that game and eventually carried your team to victory. Do you feel like you performed the best out of your team in that match? Who would you call the MVP of your team that game and why?
I feel that I performed well and did my job but for that to happen my team had to create space and make stuff happen around the map, so I think we performed well as a team. Everyone did their job as they should and that led us to victory. About the MVP I think everyone played their best so I don't know whom I can call the MVP of that game.
PL seems like a top priority pick for you. Why do you favour that hero so much and what do you think they excel at?
I think PL is one of the best carries in the patch right now they are good in laning phase, can farm extremely fast and does so much in the teamfights with good positioning. They mostly excel in long fights.
Madara at joinDOTA MLG Pro League Season 2 Championships
Playing against Io - "We understand the concept"
In both of the games you won in the group stage you gave up Io and managed to defeat it. You even let NiP have their signature Tiny + Io in the playoffs and still won. Are you confident against this hero? What is your approach when playing against him?
We are confident against Io as we think it can get countered easily most of the time. I believe we have good drafts against this particular hero. We understand the concept of having Io in the team and how the team plays around it. We try to outplay the game style that Io has and most times it works for us.
Both times when you played against Tiny + Io you personally didn't play a hero with an escape mechanism. Do you think that it isn't necessary (to have a carry with that ability) when playing against that combo or maybe you are just confident in your positioning throughout the game?
We don't think its necessary as we try to outplay them with good positioning, and tanky heroes to tank the damage or just kite them around. We are used to playing against Io so we are confident with our positioning in the game in general.
The playoffs - "we lost was because we had a standin"
How did you feel after eliminating EG and heading to the playoffs?
We felt really happy and confident going into playoffs as we eliminated one of the best if not the best team at MLG but we had to contain ourselves so we can perform equally well in our other matches.
In both matches you lost against NiP you didn't draft many hard disables, do you feel like that was the main factor why you lost?
I think the main factor we lost was that because we had a standin. We had to pick out of our comfort zone and that was a downside for us in bo3 matches. Mostly it was because we made a lot of mistakes that led us to lose, but drafting was equally important.
Madara and Spartan with their manager
I see, why couldn't the full roster go? Also how did you pick your standin?
Well our mid player Keyser had to do exams for their university, so couldn't attend. Skylark knew ThuG our standin and we agreed to going with them as we knew them a bit from the Greek scene. He's a good player so it was natural to go with him.
Were you thrown off by the Pugna pick from Fnatic in the 3rd place decider? It seems to be quite popular in SEA. Do you have much experience playing against it?
We actually were surprised, but we knew Fnatic play this kind of 5 man fighting heroes. We don't have much experience against it especially when he's that farmed as they were in that game. It was insane, they did a lot of work, and together with their team it was really hard to break their teamfight potential.
Why did you decide to run it yourself in the second game as you didn't have much experience with that hero? Looking back do you think that it was a good decision?
It wasn't a good decision for sure as ThuG our standin didn't have much experience with the hero and we as a team as well didn't play well around him. We wanted a mid hero that goes mek and works well in a 5 man, so that's why we picked pugna.
I see. So would you say that not having the full roster was what cost you the X-Games medal in the end?
Well we had to play differently from what we are used to playing, and our team coordination wasn't the same but ThuG brought other things to the team which I think helped us in other ways. I think what cost us was that we didn't prepare for the tournament because we had no time.
Okay let's move away from the games at MLG to some other things. How did you like the organization of the event and how do you feel about it being a part of X-Games?
The organization was really good, everything was well organized, the hotel was nice, the only downside was that being at X-Games, at least in the place, that it was it couldn't hold many people to watch it live because the place wasn't big enough. Overall it was a really good experience and we liked it a lot.
As the Dota 2 world will be a bit quiet now before and after TI what are your plans for the near future?
Me and my team have decided to take a small break after our LAN that we attended, to regain strength and play as many tournaments as there will be before TI. After TI we will see what happens. It's too early to predict what we will do after TI.
Alright, any shout outs?
Shoutout to my team and to ThuG for attending MLG for us and achieving 4th place. Also shoutout to my family and to all our fans for supporting us. Thanks a lot guys, you are all amazing!
London Conspiracy during Razer Think Fast
London Conspiracy have definitely been on the rise recently. Last time we spoke to them they were a relatively unknown team that, thanks to some upsets, managed to qualify for StarLadder XII. For sure, this is not the case anymore. The Greek squad playing under British organisation has made a name for themselves.They were the only team to beat Na'Vi in the European qualifiers for TI 5. After that, as a result of Empire's and Vega's visa issues, they got an opportunity to compete at joinDOTA MLG ProLeague Season 2 Championships. They definitely made the most out of the opportunity, as they finished in the top 4 eliminating the heavy favourites of the tournament - Evil Geniuses in the group stage.After X-Games they have not slowed down and attended yet another LAN - Razer Think Fast which they won in dominating fashion. We caught up with Madara whilst the event was still going on.LC didn't have a great showing at their first major event as they were the first team to get eliminated. Their performance during The International 5 qualifiers was not the greatest either as they got eliminated in the group stage. Being the last minute replacement at X-Games the expectations weren't high for the Greek squad.You can follow Madara @MadaraDotA2
Alexander Ovechkin and Ilya Kovalchuk have something in common. They are both left wingers from Russia who were drafted first overall and signed to over decade-long contracts. Strangely enough they are even the exact same height (6'3'') and weight (230 lbs.). These two also play a similar style by scoring barrels of goals every year, but now Kovalchuk has become everything Ovechkin was promised to be.
Before this season Kovalchuk had not got past the first round of the playoffs in their 10-year career. Now, he's on the Conn Smythe shortlist for playoff MVP and leads all players for points in the playoffs. Meanwhile Ovechkin is in the swing of the off-season spending time in Paris at the French Open with Russian tennis-star girlfriend Mari Kirilenko. Well it's not hard to feel bad for either of these young men; Ovechkin will surely be watching the finals with a lot on their mind after the season they had.
Ovechkin is coming off a season in which they produced a career low 65 points and was a minus eight, which is a far cry from the three-straight seasons of 100 plus points and back-to-back Rocket Richard and Hart Trophies. However since the 2008-2009 season Ovechkin has consistently shaved 20 points from the previous year's point total. Not great #8.
The questions are:
What's wrong with you? How do we fix you?
You would think with a coaching change coming in the fall Ovechkin's future only looks brighter since they didn't exactly flourish under Dale Hunter's defense-first system. However in essence what Hunter was trying to get out of Ovechkin was what the Devils have received from Kovalchuk – a player who buys into a defensive/team game.
Now this is Kovalchuk 2.0 we're talking about. The first-generation Kovy 1.0 model played for the now defunct Atlanta Thrashers and tried to carry the whole thing on their back at the peril of those around him. Early on in Kovalchuk's career they were labelled as a one-way player who tried to do too much with the puck and wasn't exactly a “Team Guy”. Sound familiar? Kovalchuk was guilty of the exact same things that are plaguing Ovi's game today.
The Devils' GM Lou Lamoriello believes Kovalchuk's former identity was based around the Atlanta Thrashers' culture. “He came in at 18 years old, expected to carry a franchise. They had tremendous talent and they were just allowed to use their talent, and you get into habits over a period of time,” said Lamoriello. “He wants to win. They care. It just took some time to adjust, and right now he's just gotten better and better.”
The notion is that Kovalchuk's always wanted to play the brand of hockey they are now, they were simply type cast into that role in Atlanta. This idea is something Kovalchuk's teammate Dainus Zubrus can get behind. “If they didn't score two goals, they (Thrashers) might not win. They had to basically carry the team and win games for them,” said Zubrus. “Our team is different. Even without them scoring we can win games. I think he's become obviously more complete as a player because he's way better in their own zone, way more responsible both ways. I'm sure he'll tell you the same thing himself. He's doing way better than before.”
There are some obvious parallels between Kovalchuk's time in Atlanta and Ovechkin's flop. After the lockout the Washington Capitals built an entire team identity around Ovechkin. They became known as an offensive deity that goalies feared, defensemen trembled and gave goal judges callouses, but this identity is…well was, hinged almost entirely on Ovechkin.
Could it be that Ovechkin has formed those same bad habits that pestered Kovalchuk in Atlanta?
If so there's one quick tip Ovechkin can garner from Kovalchuk – play the PK.
“That's when you really learn how to play in your own zone and communicate with the guys,” said Kovalchuk. “That was very helpful. In Atlanta there was always pressure to score and create, but here it is bigger pressure because the market is bigger and the price is higher.”
Fact: Ovechkin doesn't know what the penalty kill is. They spent 1 second on the PK in the 2012 playoffs, no joke. 1 second. Over the course of the entire regular season Ovechkin played two minutes of shorthanded play. Average that throughout the 78 games they played and they played an average of 1 second per game on the PK.
Ovechkin is three years Kovalchuk's junior and you can't discount the fact that there will still be years of production out of Ovi, it's just a matter of when Ovechkin will blossom into the next stage of their career and learn to become a player that adds to the team, not one that the team is built around.
RFK Stadium is under serious consideration to host a friendly between the U.S. and German men's national teams in June as part of the U.S. Soccer Federation's 100th anniversary events, multiple sources told the Insider.
No deal has been struck and other venues have been contacted, the sources cautioned, but the USSF has had talks with local organizers and placed Washington at the top of its list. FedEx Field, the suburban D.C. venue that staged a U.S.-Brazil friendly last May, could also enter the mix.
The German federation said on its Web site the national team is planning for two friendlies on U.S. soil, May 29 and June 2, but didn't offer further specifics. The second match, sources said, would be against the U.S. squad.
The Germany friendly would serve as the U.S. team's final tuneup before World Cup qualifiers at Jamaica on June 7 and against Panama at home four days later. Germany's May 29 opponent is unclear, although a Latin American country is the most likely choice. The venue has not been selected.
The U.S. team is coached by Juergen Klinsmann, a former German superstar who guided their country's 2006 World Cup effort.
The USSF turns 100 in April but won't be able to celebrate the milestone with a major friendly until the European seasons end in May. A match in Washington would coincide with the federation's annual general meeting in D.C., May 31-June 2.
“I could not describe the condition of the orphanages... Almost all the children were struggling from diarrhea and all the floors of the rooms were full of feces. Children were moving through the rooms like shadows… Most of them were very exhausted and could barely stand on their feet, so we had to keep them lying on their beds… One day I noticed that there was a red protrusion from the buttock of a child. I could not understand what it was so I called a doctor. But they did not come, saying that they had patients who were in critical condition. The child was suffering immensely and I decided to visit the doctor and get their advice. They said that it was the child's bowel and it was because of the diarrhea. And they explained how to cure the child. I was afraid to do it but there was no other choice - the child was struggling… They were crying and that was making me more nervous...but after several days, their condition became better and they slowly began to recuperate. So I was more confident later on and in these kinds of situations I was not even calling the doctor. “
When September came, the Countess did not leave Dilijan. They sent their children to Tbilisi to attend school and they stayed with my orphans.
After the formation of the Soviet Union, Mariam Tumanyan was deprived of their title of countess and while their family faced huge financial issues, they never stopped their social activities. They continued to help people and was actively engaged in the cultural and educational life of the Armenian people. During the Stalin repressions, Mariam Tumanyan's two sons and brother were arrested and exiled. They never came back.
Toward the end of their life, Mariam dreamed of moving to Yerevan. It was a dream that they were never able to realize. Mariam Tumanyan died in 1945, at the age of 75 in Tbilisi.
DFLer Don Samuels' campaign for mayor of Minneapolis is drawing support from an unlikely group of donors: Republicans.
Samuels has received contributions from two former state Republican Party chairpeople, a former Republican governor, a former federal prosecutor who served in the George W. Bush administration and Bush's 2004 Minnesota campaign manager.
“The reason that Don Samuels has been so effective, and I think they have been an effective city councilman, is their ability to bring together people from all political stripes, all economic stripes, all racial stripes,” said former U.S. Attorney Tom Heffelfinger, who normally gives to Republican candidates.
Heffelfinger has been impressed with Samuels' work as chair of the city's Public Safety Committee. Samuels is also an advocate for charter schools, a popular cause for Republicans.
Ben Whitney, who headed up the 2004 Bush/Cheney campaign in Minnesota, says they support Samuels' stance on education.
“It's an attitude — an attitude that we can do better, and an attitude that we have to and we will,” Whitney said. “That's not something that you can say about the politicians in Minneapolis, and that to me is a great tragedy.”
Whitney serves on the advisory board for the education reform group MinnCan along with former Republican Governor Al Quie, who also donated money to Samuels.
Samuels' donors also include former Republican Party Chairman Bill Cooper, one of the state's biggest charter school boosters. Cooper chairs Friends of Education, which oversees 17 of the state's 151 charters. Former GOP chairperson Ron Eibensteiner and their wife Laurie contributed to Samuels' campaign as well.
“I have a rational, objective, results-oriented approach to things. Sometimes that appeals to people across party lines,” Samuels said.
Samuels' Republican donations are all the more notable, because there is actually a Republican candidate in the mayor's race — Cam Winton. But Cooper, Eibensteiner, Quie and Heffelfinger didn't write checks to Winton, whose fundraising lagged many of their DFL rivals. Only Whitney contributed to both Samuels and Winton.
“I've received great support across the spectrum and I'm thrilled with where things stand in the campaign,” said Winton, who declined to say whether they sought contributions from the Republicans supporting Samuels.
Samuels isn't the only DFL candidate with big-name Republican support. Mark Andrew counts Whitney's father Wheelock among their donors, as well as Stanley Hubbard, CEO of Hubbard Broadcasting. Hubbard also contributed to Winton's campaign.
After a slow start, Sony's PlayStation 3 has closed the gap on Microsoft's Xbox 360 - global PS3 sales are 47.9 million and Xbox 360 sales 50 million.
Agonisingly close, but what will it mean if Sony overtakes Microsoft? Are we tantalisingly close to declaring a winner?
"A winner was declared over a year ago, the Nintendo Wii," retorted EEDAR analyst Jesse Divnich to Eurogamer.
"But if we are talking about the PS3 vs. Xbox 360, it wouldn't be appropriate to declare anyone the winner.
"Both have an incredibly active installation base, both are delivering large profit potential to the third party, and both have a long life ahead of them.
"I believe that five years from now, when all the numbers are in, both Microsoft and Sony will still be arguing the results," Divnich prophesied. "One will claim they sold more hardware, the other more software. One will claim more registered online accounts, the other more active online accounts. It is a debate that will frankly never be settled."
The Xbox 360 launched at the end of 2005; the PS3 roughly a year later (Europe had to wait until March 2007). Xbox 360 had a clear early lead, but following the launch of the PS3 Slim in 2009, Sony's numbers revved. Kinect has bolstered Xbox 360's Christmas and early 2011 sales, but whether Microsoft can stave off PS3 looks increasingly unlikely.
"I certainly don't care who wins," declared Wedbush Morgan analyst Michael Pachter to Eurogamer.
"PS3 appears to have made a lot of headway in regions where Microsoft hasn't [Sony's] outsold Xbox 360 by 4.5 million in Japan and are about even in Europe - but they are almost 10 million behind in the US."
"My guess," they said, "is that [Sony] continues to outpace Microsoft in Asia, the Middle-East and Africa; continue to track relatively even in Europe, and probably continue to lag slightly (within one million) annually in the US. The two consoles should end up around even in a couple of years."
Billy Pidgeon, M2 Research analyst, reckoned "Sony is likely to maintain market dominance in these regions [EMEA] while working toward closing the gap in North America". And while Pidgeon noted the Kinect-powered Xbox 360 upsurge, they also said "PS3's brisk sales are somewhat more significant, as Xbox 360 has hit saturation points in North America while Sony is still building in".
With this generation shaping to last longer than those before it, the battle between Sony and Microsoft will rage for years. Exactly how long we don't know; Sony's stuck firmly to a 10-year vision for PlayStation 3, and Microsoft has warbled on about Xbox 360 only being mid-way through its life.
But, of course, it's Nintendo that leads the seventh generation of consoles with 84.6 million Wii sales.
Nevertheless, the feud between Microsoft and Sony spells only good things for you and me.
"As long as there is a battle there will be good things in store for consumers," asserted Pachter. "We've had at least a dozen models of PS3 and 360 combined, and it is likely that more models are coming.
"We haven't seen the level of price cuts that we expected, so there is room for both consoles to come down another $150 in price over time.
"That's the biggest lever left for Sony and Microsoft, and I expect each to strive to finish ahead of the other. The first one to cut price is the one who cares about winning more."
With those price cuts comes "a better opportunity to increase the base of console gaming" around the world, Pidgeon said.
Numerous developers spoke out recently about the onset of new consoles, not that any have been announced - not even a Wii 2, despite our best efforts to predict unveilings each summer at E3.
THQ core games boss Danny Bilson said a new generation now would be "horrible", and Irrational Games creative star Ken Levine has "no desire" for new machines. Why should they want new consoles? They have efficient and established engines and tools to use to build their games. This latter half of the generation could be a period of creative flourish.
Those tools help multi-platform games be barely distinguishable on PS3 and 360. The next big battle, said Pidgeon, will be fought between PlayStation Network and Xbox Live.
"Online session frequency and length on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network are more important factors this cycle," said Pidgeon. "Where gamers play more online, sales of third-party software for that platform will increase.
"Xbox Live has been dominating online gameplay but PSN is gaining ground steadily, and Microsoft should not take the online lead for granted.
"Neither should Sony neglect to push for steep growth in PSN usage."
The gap between the two online services has noticeably closed. PlayStation Home wasn't the be-all-and-end-all as Sony had forecast, but it's a stable and impressive achievement now nonetheless. Sony also now has a subscription service for PSN called PlayStation Plus, although everyone with a PS3 can play online-enabled games free of charge, unlike on Xbox 360. The amount of content added to PSN has also rocketed up. Today's PlayStation Store update is perhaps the busiest we've ever seen it.
AMSTERDAM – The heavily anticipated summer transfer saga of AZ Alkmaar is already in full swing, MLSsoccer.com has learned, with the likes of Lazio and Schalke in the race for their services.
Multiple sources across Europe have divulged that the pair are busy sizing up the US international, following a banner campaign, which saw them net 31 goals across all competitions, a place on the Eredivisie Team of the Season and the KNVB Cup winner.
MLSsoccer.com has learned that the Coppa Italia champs have Altidore's name on their new striker shortlist, while Champions League qualifiers Schalke have already started making calls about the American.
READ: Dempsey's agent dismisses tabloid claims of move away from Spurs
In addition, Altidore has drawn attention from no less than another five German clubs, one more in Italy, two from England, and one each from Russia and Ukraine. Meanwhile, their agent has rubbished recent newspaper stories out of Spain that claimed Aston Villa, Catania, Real Betis and Sevilla were in heavy talks for the AZ top gun.
"There's plenty of interest for Jozy," Altidore rep Lyle Yorks confirmed to MLSsoccer.com. "But there's nothing to this Spanish report."
Furthermore, MLSsoccer.com has learned through multiple sources that recent suitors such as Fiorentina, Fulham, Napoli, Sporting CP and Stuttgart are no longer hanging around the shop window. All of the current talk – factual or not – may be for naught because AZ technical director Earnie Stewart has gone on record as saying they plan to have Altidore back at AFAS-Stadion next season.
Parents in Sacramento were a little concerned over a suspicious white van in their neighbourhood with the words ‘Free Candy' painted on the side. Anjali Hemphill reports.
Parents in Natomas, Sacramento were a little nervous when they noticed a white van with the words “Free Candy” painted on the side in their neighbourhood.
Lawrence Bellow, 12, noticed a suspicious vehicle parked outside their home this week covered in red handprints that looked like blood and the words “Free Candy” written on the side of it.
“It looked too fake to be true, but I didn't want to get a closer look for sure. I was kind of nervous about it,” Bellow said to KOVR News, “I didn't know what was going on so I just wanted to get evidence in case anything happened.”
Bellow's mom said they had noticed the van a day before at a Walmart and couldn't believe it was now on their street.
“It had handprints in red and it almost looked like… blood honestly; it just looked like the handprints were dripping down,” they said to KOVR News.
“It just felt like they were trying to track kids and it just gave me a creepy feeling,” they added.
The van also had blacked out windows and no licence plate.
Word of the white car made its way online with people becoming concerned of the owner's motives.
However, it turned out the “Free Candy” van was all a joke.
KOVR News spoke to Sierra Deblonk, a family friend of the person who owns the car. Deblonk told the station the owner of the vehicle was on their way to Nevada's Burning Man festival that takes place annually.
The website describes the event is described as “a temporary metropolis dedicated to community, art, self-expression, and self-reliance.”
“It's nice to know that if was there actually a creepy white van around that people would be taking notice of that,” Deblonk added.
(CNN) To the Western world, it's a surprising thing to see.
Until very recently, one Starbucks in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, had a sign with the phrase, "Please no entrance for ladies."
The sign went up after a wall segregating families and single people when entering the coffee house fell down.
The temporary solution was to ban women from entering the Starbucks.
The full sign said, "PLEASE NO ENTRY FOR LADIES ONLY SEND YOUR DRIVER TO ORDER THANK YOU."
It was first noticed in the social media world last Monday when someone goes by "Manar M" tweeted, "#Starbucks store in Riyadh refused 2 serve me just because I'm a WOMAN & asked me 2 send a man instead."
Others began tweeting the sign, and it started popping up on Twitter, Facebook and elsewhere.
"Unreal. Starbucks in Saudi Arabia refused to serve women," tweeted Muhammad Lila.
Manar M followed up by comparing the sign to signs from the segregated United States decades ago.
Starbucks issued the following statement to CNN: "At Starbucks, we adhere to the local customs of Saudi Arabia by providing separate entrances for families as well as single people. In addition, all our stores provide equal amenities, service, menu, and seating to men, women and families."
The statement continues: "We are working as quickly as possible as we refurbish our Jarir store so that we may again welcome all customers in accordance with local customs."
On Monday, Starbucks shared an update: "Starbucks welcomes all customers, including women and families, to enjoy the Starbucks experience. We have worked with local authorities to obtain approval to refurbish one of our stores in Jarir, which was originally built without a gender wall. That meant it could only accommodate men in accordance with local law.
"This was the only such Starbucks store in Saudi Arabia. During construction, the store could only accommodate and serve single men, and a poster was placed at the store entrance as required by local law.
The statement went on: "We are pleased to share that the store is now accessible to single men on one side as well as women and families on the other side. Starbucks has now 78 stores in Saudi Arabia and all stores cater to both families and singles, except for one that is exclusively reserved for women and families."
I'm getting a lot of weirdly gloating emails this week telling me that my past writings on fluoridation are now proven wrong, because the government had “confirmed” it's harmful. Um… no:
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services today released the final Public Health Service (PHS) recommendation for the optimal fluoride level in drinking water to prevent tooth decay. The new recommendation is for a single level of 0.7 milligrams of fluoride per liter of water. It updates and replaces the previous recommended range (0.7 to 1.2 milligrams per liter) issued in 1962.
So the old recommendation was for fluoridation to be 0.7 – 1.2 milligrams per liter. Now, it's just 0.7 milligrams per liter. Why the change? Cosmesis.
The change was recommended because Americans now have access to more sources of fluoride, such as toothpaste and mouth rinses, than they did when water fluoridation was first introduced in the United States. As a result, there has been an increase in fluorosis, which, in most cases, manifests as barely visible lacy white marking or spots on the tooth enamel. The new recommended level will maintain the protective decay prevention benefits of water fluoridation and reduce the occurrence of dental fluorosis.
No one is changing their minds on the benefits of fluoride. No one is changing their minds on its harm. But there's a continued recognition that too much fluoride can lead to fluorosis, or a barely visible spotting of the teeth. In response, they're erring on the lower side of supplementation. So be it. I can't fault them for that.
So, please, stop with the emails. Everything I said here is still true:
@aaronecarroll
Share this...
email
Tweetable
A movie adaptation of GoRA Project and GoHands' K television anime has been green-lit. The announcement was made at the "K-Who is the next-" event on Sunday. The movie is scheduled to be premiere in theaters sometime in 2014. Cast and other specifics will be announced sometime in the future.
The anime premiered last October with Shingo Suzuki (Mardock Scramble) as the director and character designer. The show's voice cast includes Daisuke Namikawa, Tomokazu Sugita, Komatsu, Kenjiro Tsuda, Daisuke Ono, Mamoru Miyano, Miyuki Sawashiro, Yui Horie, Takahiro Sakurai, Jun Fukuyama, Yūichi Nakamura, Satomi Satou, and Yuuki Kaji. Viz Media streamed the anime in North America as it aired in Japan, and announced that it has the master license to the series. A sequel was green-lit in December.
Source: Animate via 0takomu
Update: Animate confirms that the movie is the previously announced sequel.
Image caption The value of the virtual currency has soared and crashed in recent weeks
The Bitcoin virtual currency lost half its value on Wednesday because of a panic sell-off.
From a high of $260 (£169) for each Bitcoin, the value dropped to about $130 (£84) in just six hours.
The selling frenzy began as Bitcoin's main exchange, MTGox, struggled to keep up with the volume of trade in the virtual currency.
MTGox said it was working hard to improve the exchange to avoid future trading problems.
Free money
The high of $260 marked the end of a steep rise in value for Bitcoins, which were worth only $90 each two weeks ago. On Thursday, values recovered slightly to reach about $160 (£104).
In a statement explaining what happened, MTGox said the delays in trading had not been caused by a hack attack. In the past few weeks the exchange, and the bitcoin community, has been targeted by hackers looking to cash in.
Instead, said MTGox, the "rather astonishing" number of new accounts that had been opened in the past few days caused a bump in trading volumes that it was unprepared for. In one day, the number of trades in Bitcoins had tripled, it said.
This caused "lag" or delay, which meant that Bitcoins were not swapped between people as fast as needed.
"As expected in such situation people started to panic, started to sell Bitcoin in mass (panic sale) resulting in an increase of trade that ultimately froze the trade engine," it said. About 80% of all the trade in Bitcoins goes through MTGox.
Engineers were working to improve the MTGox trading engine to handle the huge number of transactions, it said. The exchange added that it was planning to shut down for a couple of hours to add servers to help cope with the load.
Tech news site Ars Technica linked the crash to the antics of an anonymous Bitcoin owner who gave away around $13,000 in Bitcoins via the Reddit social news site. The unnamed person, who used the alias Bitcoinbillionaire on Reddit, randomly picked 13 different people to receive the coins. One lucky Redditor got a gift of about $5,000 (£3,250).
The vast increase in interest in Bitcoins is also creating problems for some established members of the digital cash community.
Bitcoins are created, or mined, when computers complete a complicated mathematical problem. Many individuals have pooled their computer power to ensure this mathematical work is completed more quickly.
But the rising value has meant the MT Red mining pool, which is co-ordinated via Reddit, cannot keep up with its financial obligations to its pool members and is shutting down. The "soaring price" has made it impossible for MT Red to cover what it owes to members, an administrator said.
Emma Watson has spoken out about hackers who threatened to release nude photos of the actor following their September 2014 gender equality speech at the United Nations.
The website emmayouarenext.com was up and running within 12 hours of their UN speech and featured a countdown to the imminent release of their naked photographs.
“I knew it was a hoax. I knew the pictures didn't exist,” Watson told Facebook UK in a live Q&A on International Women's Day yesterday.
The threats were made at a time when cloud hackers were exposing nude photos of many other young female celebrities, including Jennifer Lawrence and Rihanna.
The photos never surfaced and Watson took the situation in stride. They said threats came as a “wake-up call” to initial sceptics of their UN speech, to the many who believed gender equality was already achieved, or didn't see the urgency to address the issue.
”I was raging, it made me so angry,” the British actor said in yesterday's Facebook Q&A. “I was like, this is why I have to be doing this.”
Watson added: “If they were trying to put me off it, it did the opposite.”
Ameren, Westinghouse and the state's utilities are awaiting word on an application for a federal grant to help support their project to create small, modular nuclear reactors.
State Senator Mike Kehoe (R-Jefferson City) is in Washington D.C. this morning checking on the status of the application for a grant of $452 million over five years.
“We understand that were three applications submitted from other states that have partnered up with other energy providers, so we're one of four. We're gonna find out in the next couple of days … we believe we may be one of three. The rumor is that one of those competitors has been already kinda knocked out of the competition.”
Kehoe says Missouri is in a good position to win out. “Missouri's package, with the unique alliance we have with all the utility providers together, the great safety story that Callaway provides as a site and the efficiency that Callaway's provided for nuclear energy over the last almost 30 years, as well as Westinghouse who is a global provider of nuclear energy. When you add all those things together I think our odds are pretty darn good.”
Kehoe says if Missouri's team gets that grant, the whole state stands to benefit. “It not only provides base load power for our state, it also makes Missouri the hub of that technology, which means it's an incredible export opportunity to manufacture these products and export them globally right out of central Missouri.”
If Missouri doesn't get the grant, Kehoe says the “conversation's not going to go away.”
They say a decision could be announced in the next 30 to 45 days.
AUDIO: Mike Lear interviews Senator Mike Kehoe, 6:27
California Governor Jerry Brown (D) has accused Americans opposed to President Barack Obama's executive amnesty for illegal immigrants of being “un-Christian.”
Brown, who has declared that all illegal immigrants from Mexico are “welcome” in California, made their remarks after a White House meeting on Friday while discussing the lawsuit that a majority of the states filed against Obama's executive amnesty.
“They are taking a stand against a very large group of people who tens of millions of Americans identify with and sympathize with,” they reportedly said, according to the Huffington Post. “I would say the Republican position at best is troglodyte and at worst un-Christian.”
Brown, who recently declared that “California stands firmly with the White House” against the lawsuit, blasted Republican governors who joined the lawsuit against Obama's executive amnesty.
The Obama administration halted its executive amnesty program after a federal judge issued a temporary injunction against it. The Obama administration this week asked the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals to overturn that injunction.
Multiple polls have found that a majority of Americans oppose Obama's executive amnesty–55% opposed it in the most recent Quinnipiac poll.
As Breitbart News has noted, “nearly a million illegal immigrants in California may ultimately be eligible for executive amnesty,” and the “California Legislative Analyst's Office, the non-partisan group that advises state lawmakers on fiscal and policy issues,” warned lawmakers that Obama's executive amnesty would strain the state's budget if implemented since “amnesty recipients would be eligible for Medi-Cal and cash assistance programs for legal immigrants.”
“The benefits received by undocumented immigrants through these programs are almost entirely funded by the state and would therefore result in additional General Fund costs of an unknown amount,” the Legislative Analyst's Office concluded. “The General Fund costs to provide state–funded benefits to this population are unknown at this time.”
Brown has taken every opportunity to tout what they have done for illegal immigrants since again becoming governor. Their office never misses an opportunity to note that “Brown has ushered in the California DREAM Act, granted illegal immigrants driver's licenses, and provided legal services to unaccompanied illegal immigrant juveniles arriving from Central America.”
TOKYO – “Death Note: Light up the New World,” the latest installment in a comic-based series depicting the fallout from death-dealing supernatural notebooks, topped the Japanese box office for the Oct. 29-30 weekend.
Released on 364 screens by Warner, the film earned $4.37 million on 342,000 admissions. This was nearly 40% less than the opening weekend take of the previous series entry, the 2006 “Death Note: The Last Name,” which finished with $49.5 million.
The box office leader for the past nine weekends, Toho's animation “Your Name,” slipped to number two, but is still on track to finish near the $200 milestone.
The highest ranking new arrival in the top ten, at number three, was Sony's “Inferno.” Bowing on Friday, Oct. 28, the film recorded $2.5 million on 194,000 admissions for the weekend.
5 Modern-Day Shamans Who Changed The World
Long before the sub-reddit “trees” existed, individuals and college students have gathered into groups to talk about, study, and experiment with psychoactive substances. Most of these people were “casual users”, but a few were hardcore enough that their trips infected and changed the world around them.
1. Timothy Francis Leary (1920-1996)
Who they are: Perhaps the most important and perhaps the most misunderstood individual in the 1960's counterculture. Leary was once described as “The most dangerous man in America” by President Richard Nixon. Once a regular day-job commuter, Leary later became infamous within the intellectual community for their Harvard Psilocybin Project which began in 1967. Even though the project was cancelled two years later due to safety concerns, Leary continued to pursue their scientific interest and personal advocacy of psychedelic drugs until their death.
Why he's relevant: Leary was partially responsible for dismantling the “square” society that existed in America in the early 1960's with their psychedelic advocacy and phrase “Turn on, tune in, drop out.” While at Harvard, they became convinced with the revolutionary notion that psychology had become ineffective because it merely studied human behavior, but did nothing to change it. They wrote several books including “The Psychedelic Experience” a manual describing how to use psychedelic drugs to explore what they believed was the last unknown frontier; the human mind.
How they changed the world: The experiments at Harvard became a springboard for the psychedelic movement and drug counterculture of the 60's and 70's. Their life and works have and continue to influence countless writers, poets and musicians including Robert Anton Wilson, The Beatles, Ken Kesey, Paul Krassner, The Grateful Dead, Terrance McKenna, Tool, and Bill Hicks.
2. Ken Kesey (1935-2001)
Who they are: A champion wrestler in both high school and college, Kesey volunteered to participated in a 1959 CIA-funded study on the effects of various psychedelic drugs including LSD and psilocybin. The experience inspired them to write “One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest”. They were the founder of The Merry Pranksters, a communal group who traveled around the country in a painted school-bus and promoted the use psychedelic drugs. They were introduced to Timothy Leary by Allen Ginsberg, and the two remained lifelong friends.
Why he's relevant: Kesey and The Merry Pranksters were the other half of Leary's “LSD camp” and threw massive parties called “Acid Tests” in the San Francisco area from 1965-1966. If Leary was a pioneer in the psychedelic movement, than Kesey was the one who brought it to the youth of America. “One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest” was a huge success and was later adapted for a stage play and movie.
How they changed the world: Like Leary, Kesey influenced a large number of people who then went on to influence others. Tom Wolf's “The Electric-acid Koolaid Test” was based on Kesey and The Merry Pranksters. Hunter S. Thompson's “Hell's Angels: The Strange and Terrible Saga of Outlaw Motorcycle Gangs” also describes these parties based on the poems of Allen Ginsberg.
3. John C. Lilly (1915-2001)
Who they are: A physician, scientist, neuroscientist, psychoanalyst, philosopher and writer. Lilly developed the first sensory deprivation tank, a dark soundproof tank of warm salt water in which subjects could float for long periods in sensory isolation.
Why he's relevant: During their exploration of psychedelic substances, Lily would take LSD and ketamine while submerged in these tanks, or amongst the company of dolphins. In 1972 they published two books documenting these experiences (Programming and Metaprogramming in the Human Biocomputer: Theory and Experiments and The Center of the Cyclone).
How they changed the world: Lilly's life was the inspiration behind the movies “The Day of the Dolphin” (1973) and “Altered States” (1980). Lilly may not have quite the dramatic influence on others as Leary or Kesey did, but their pioneer scientific work helped us understand not only how drugs such as LSD and ketamine work, but how the human brain itself operates.
4. Aldous Huxley (1894-1963)
Who they are: A writer, philosopher, and leader of modern thought. They had interests in parapsychology and mysticism, and is probably best known for their two classic books “Brave New World” and “The Doors of Perception” the latter of which describes their use of psychedelic drugs.
Why he's relevant: Where it not for Huxley there might not have ever been any psychedelic movement at all. Leary read “The Doors of Perception” shortly after their first use of psilocybic mushrooms, and found that it had some correlation with their experience.
How they changed the world: Like Lilly, Huxley brought many things to the world that don't have anything to do with psychedelics, but the stuff they did bring helped shape everything. “The Doors of Perception” is considered one of the first ethogenic works concerning psychedelics. It's influence upon Leary, Ginsberg, Kesey, and other pioneers of the psychedelic movement, changed everything and turned an entire generation on to the use of psychedelic drugs as a spiritual tool.
5. Terrence McKenna (1945-2000)
Who they are: A writer and lecturer, their interests were mainly concerned with psychedelic drugs and their role in society.
Why he's relevant: McKenna continued to experiment with psychedelics long after the 60's counterculture had ended. In some ways they were a protege of Leary, as they continued to explore altered states of mind while on psychedelics. They were the first to document the existence of “machine elves” while on large doses of DMT. They developed “The Stoned Ape” hypothesis of human evolution. Like Kesey and Leary, McKenna saw the internet as a huge step forward in human evolution, and shortly before their death, proposed the theory of time-wave zero, the theory that at a certain date, everything in the universe will reach singularity.
How they changed the world: McKenna's influence continues today, as many of their lectures can be found on the internet and Youtube. They were friends with comedian Bill Hicks, a who also advocated the use of psychedelics as spiritual and evolutionary tools in their act.
Comments? Leave your intelligent feedback down below or consider following CollegeTimes on Facebook or Twitter to stay updated or to get in touch!
Share This Story:
27 years after prank call to Soviet Union, American and Estonian cross paths
People like to talk about how small Estonia is, but a recent coincidence testifies to the adage that it's a small world as well.
In 1986, two bored college freshmen in Berkeley managed to breach the Iron Curtain by randomly dialing a Soviet Union telephone number. Twenty-seven years later, the participants of the conversation crossed paths again through the caller's son's football team.
American Morgan Hall told this story to the Estonian Public Broadcasting channel: “We were bored one day and nothing really to do. And we started, I think, going through the phone book and wondering if we could call the Soviet Union. It sounded like a silly idea and we didn't think we would actually be able to do it.”
“But we found a city code for Tallinn and Tallinn sounded interesting. Estonia was sort of a unique republic within the Soviet Union. And a different language; not a Slavic language. It was just a bit more exotic than calling Moscow.”
“Of course, for everyone growing up in the 1980's, the Soviet Union was this very different place. It was “the other”. It was an area that we knew nothing about. You couldn't go there; you couldn't have contact, and yet that sort of, I guess, drives the desire to have contact or curiosity. So I think – and my memory of this is sort of foggy – but I think what we did was we just chose the country code for the Soviet Union and the city code for Tallinn and then dialed a random series of numbers after that.”
On the other end of the line, on the other side of the world, 14-year-old Maris Tippo picked up at their home near Tallinn's Olümpia Hotel. Having been studying at what is today Tallinn English College, Tippo had no problem carrying on a conversation.
“We were doubly surprised to finally find someone who spoke English, and very good English, and we could have a normal conversation,” Hall recalled.
After talking about weather, whether Tippo liked living in the Soviet Union and about what they knew about America, a constantly giggling Hall and their friend promised to send a postcard.
“Paul and I realised that it was going to cost a lot of money and so I don't think we said anything to Paul's mother. And then they found out later, of course, when they got the phone bill. They saw this ridiculous phone call and they were very upset,” Hall said.
On both sides, it seemed incredible that the call had even made it through. “I remember, after we hung up the phone, we couldn't believe that we had actually talked to someone in the Soviet Union. It seemed impossible,” Hall said.
Indeed, receiving such a call in 1986 seemed as likely as talking to aliens. Tippo's parents were even concerned that the call had been made by a KGB operative to test the Estonian family's loyalty. For that reason, Tippo did not tell any of their friends the story for a long time.
A postcard never arrived, but recently Hall, now living in Brussels, told the story to Tippo's friend, Mari Tomingas, at their kids' football practice. The two realised the connection when Hall tried to remember Tippo's name.
“[Tippo] told me that they were happy that they were sitting down when they read my mail; otherwise they would have fallen over,” Tomingas said.
Tippo mused at the events. “My friend told me that if this was a novel it would be overdoing it and wouldn't be believable,” they said.
Tippo and Hall have since talked on Skype and invited each other to visit.
“I'd like to meet their parents and apologise for the anxiety we may have caused them. And say we weren't the KGB,” Hall said.
Hall and Tippo both ended up being diplomats.
I
This article was first published by ERR News, the English news portal of Estonian Public Broadcasting. Cover: Tallinn skyline at night in winter (the image is illustrative).
A special education teacher at Warren Township High School in Gurnee was caught smoking marijuana under the bleachers at a wrestling meet at Antioch High School on Saturday, police said.
Peter Mulloy, 50, of the 21900 block of Michelle Lane in Antioch, was charged with possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia, court records show.
An off-duty police officer who happened to be at the wrestling event reported smelling a strong odor of marijuana while seated in the bleachers, records show. The officer confronted Mulloy before calling Antioch police, officials said.
A representative from Warren could not be immediately reached for comment, but Mulloy is listed on the school's website as a special education teacher.
Mulloy is due in court on March 20 to be arraigned on the charges.
chicagobreaking@tribune.com
Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking
Archos is branching out with a new line of Android-based smartphones.
Each device features a super slim design, IPS display, Qualcomm CPU, and dual SIM cards with the flexibility to manage two providers simultaneously.
The Archos 35 Carbon ($99.99), Archos 50 Platinum ($219.99), and Archos 53 Platinum ($249.99) will be available in Europe at the end of May, marking a big change in the company's product lineup.
"The smartphone market is shifting, as SIM-free sales versus subsidized sales are increasing, and Archos is prepared to respond, as we can offer retail channels affordable, unlocked and feature-rich smartphones without the need to subsidize," CEO Loïc Poirier said in a statement.
Each phone's title signifies its screen size: the Archos 35 Carbon carries 3.5-inch display, 3G and Wi-Fi network capabilities, plus a MicroSD card with up to 32GB of expandable memory, Bluetooth, and GPS, all running on Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich.
Meanwhile, the 5- and 5.3-inch Platinum phablets seem to carry almost identical specs, with slight changes only in screen and battery size. Each features an 8-megapixel front camera and 2-megapixel cam in the back, a 1.2-GHz Qualcomm processor, and 1GB RAM with up to 64GB expandable memory, running on Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean.
"Smartphones and tablets are interrelated markets that have quickly crossed over with the arrival of 'phablets'  half-phone, half-tablet devices," Poirier said. "It only makes sense that this should be our next phase of products as this would be a natural fit for our brand and long term growth."
Meanwhile, Archos in February unveiled a new line of Google Android 4.1 Jelly Bean-based tablets, priced from $199 to $349.
Dec 27, 2015; Tampa, FL, USA; Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler (6) throws a pass during the second quarter of a football game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at Raymond James Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Reinhold Matay-USA TODAY Sports
Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler had one of their best seasons as a pro in 2015, completing over 64% of their passes and limiting their interceptions to 11. And much of the credit for their season-long performance was attributed to a “comfort zone” that will again be a key in 2016.
A retooled offensive system, quicker passes, better protection and a solid supporting cast all helped elevate the play of Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler a season ago, and head coach John Fox believes they'll see more of the same in 2016.
“I thought Jay had an outstanding year,” Fox told Sports Illustrated.
It wasn't all puppy dogs and rainbows for the Bears last season, however. Despite Cutler providing a career-best 92.3 quarterback rating and limiting their asupervisorstioned interceptions, Chicago still finished the year with a dismal 6-10 record (1-7 at home).
But there is a light at the end of the tunnel and Cutler is now leading the charge … provided the team can continue to work on finding them a comfort zone.
“It wasn't ideal,” Fox added. “Alshon [Jeffery] wasn't healthy the whole season. Kevin White did not play. I'm not knocking any of the guys that did play, but a lot is always made of the quarterback, and their supporting cast is critical. I don't care what it is—defense, offense, wideouts, ability to run the ball … there's a lot that goes into it besides one guy, although that guy gets a lot of the magnified glass. So if you saw what Jay did last year, I'm expecting good things again.”
Although expectations are high, there will be another inevitable learning curve for Cutler. Tight end Martellus Bennett is now with the New England Patriots, running back Matt Forte, who accounted for 50% of the team's offensive snaps in 2015, is now with the New York Jets and offensive coordinator Adam Gase has been hired as head coach of the Miami Dolphins.
Of course, Cutler is well-versed in adjusting to new coaches and coordinators, having gone through five different play callers and five different scheme changes since 2009. And while the team's offensive system will remain in place from a season ago, it will undoubtedly get a few new wrinkles under Dowell Loggains.
“It was critical to keep Jay comfortable,” Fox added. “Everything comes through the quarterback, so keeping Jay in the same system is best for us.”
On the plus side, the luxury for Cutler is that he'll have both Alshon Jeffery and Kevin White back, while the team focused somewhat heavily on adding talent and depth to their offensive line through both free agency and the NFL Draft.
So long as they and their supporting cast can remain healthy, Cutler now appears destined to salvage their NFL reputation by logging a bit of consistency. In 2015, they received positive grades in 10 of their 16 games per Pro Football Focus, and they and the Bears will look to build upon that this season.
For their part, the 33-year-old Cutler remains motivated. As they had done a year ago, they organized offseason workouts with their teammates this past April and continues to quietly work on perfecting theirs craft.
It's a new look, a new approach and a new version of Jay Cutler. And so far, so good.
"Our big idea was to apply distributed technology to conversations," BitTorrent's Jaehee Lee write on the company's blog. "That means no servers required." Instead of sending your chat communications to a central company server to be redistributed to your peers, Bleep uses the same kind of peer-to-peer communication technology used for decentralized file sharing to carry and distribute encrypted messages and metadata. BitTorrent does not (and can't) track who you're talking to, what you're saying or when your conversations happened.
The company says the chat program is being designed to enable a more open internet, and will empower users to communicate without fear of eavesdroppers. That said, it's still quite early: the chat platform is only available in an invite-only pre-alpha for Windows 7 and 8 desktop users, and the installed client can only be used on one device and cannot be moved. Offline messaging isn't supported either - though voice calls are available to online contacts and particularly guarded users can sign in with an unlisted, incognito mode. Ready for a discreet conversation? Check out the source link below to sign up for the pre-alpha.
U.N. adjusts population growth estimates upward DEMOGRAPHICS
The world's population, long expected to stabilize just above 9 billion in the middle of the century, will instead keep growing and may hit 10.1 billion by the year 2100, the United Nations projected in a report released Tuesday.
Growth in Africa remains so high that the population there could more than triple in this century, rising from today's 1 billion to 3.6 billion, the report said - a sobering forecast for a continent already struggling to provide food and water for its people.
The new report comes just ahead of a demographic milestone, with the world population expected to pass 7 billion in late October, only a dozen years after it surpassed 6 billion. Demographers called the new projections a reminder that a problem that helped define global politics in the 20th century, the population explosion, is far from solved in the 21st.
"Every billion more people makes life more difficult for everybody - it's as simple as that," said John Bongaarts, a demographer at the Population Council, a research group in New York. "Is it the end of the world? No. Can we feed 10 billion people? Probably. But we obviously would be better off with a smaller population."
The projections were made by the U.N. population division, which has a track record of fairly accurate forecasts. In the new report, the division raised its forecast for the year 2050, estimating the world would likely have 9.3 billion people then, an increase of 156 million over the previous estimate for that year, published in 2008.
Among the factors behind the upward revisions is that fertility is not declining as rapidly as expected in some poor countries and has shown a slight uptick in some wealthier countries, including the United States, Denmark and Britain. The United States is growing faster than many rich countries, largely because of high immigration and higher fertility among Hispanic immigrants. The new report projects that the U.S. population will rise from today's 311 million to 478 million by 2100.
The director of the U.N. population division, Hania Zlotnik, said the world's fastest-growing countries, and the wealthy Western nations that help to finance their development, face a choice about whether to renew their emphasis on programs that encourage family planning. Although they were a major focus of development policy in the 1970s and 1980s, such programs have stagnated in many countries, caught up in ideological battles over abortion, sex education and the role of women in society.
Nothing's off limits at the MTV Movie & TV Awards, and that includes President Donald Trump! Trevor Noah got a sly dig in at Trump, and it was totally epic. Is this the most pointed political Trump diss that Trevor's made yet?
There aren't enough mics in the world for Trevor Noah to drop right now. While accepting their award for Best Host, they switched the topic over to politics. Obviously, that wasn't going to go well for President Donald Trump, 70. If you haven't noticed lately, he's not exactly a well-liked man. Trevor made that even more clear when they thanked Trump for their award! Without Trump, Trevor wouldn't have such an abundance of material to mock on The Daily Show. OMG!
Burn! It's not like Trump hasn't heard pretty much every insult at this point, but it just feels different hearing it at the MTV Movie & TV Awards. It's a show for young people, and all the hottest actors. He's not going to be happy knowing that they were teased on MTV, especially by the host of The Daily Show. But Trevor's right; with all the dumb things Trump has done since becoming a presidential candidate — and now president — comedians barely have a chance to breathe before writing the next joke. Trump doesn't really get that, though. Countdown to them bitterly tweeting about Trevor's award, in 10, 9, 8…
It's really hard to make fun of this one: the latest misstop that Trump's made is supporting the passage of the new, heartless healthcare replacement bill by the House of Representatives, which will cut coverage for millions of Americans, including children. The controversial bill still has to get approved by the Senate before it becomes law, but that doesn't mean it's not a terrifying possibility.
Many women's health issues will become “pre-existing conditions,” and the price of giving birth will skyrocket an estimated 400+ percent! So, a bunch of dudes in Congress don't want women to get abortions, they don't want them to have access to affordable birth control, and they don't want to pay for them to have babies. That's just super, isn't it? Good luck to all of us, with the proposed Trumpcare!
HollywoodLifers, do you think Trevor's diss was funny or too mean? Let us know!
Today we published an investigation on temp agencies in Chicago and the underground labor brokers (known as “raiteros”) who recruit and transport their workers. Reporter Michael Grabell spoke with temp workers who were making less than minimum wage after having to wait for hours off the clock and pay fees for rides to work or getting their paycheck.
Have you worked with a temp agency as a worker, recruiter, or client company? We're trying to gain a broad perspective. Do you have any tips about issues or situations we should investigate? We want to hear from you.
Tell us your story below (your information will be kept confidential) or contact reporter Michael Grabell directly at [email protected].
* * *
¿Ha trabajado con una agencia temp? Ayúdenos a investigar.
Hoy hemos publicado una investigación sobre las agencias de trabajo temporal en Chicago y el submundo de intermediarios de empleo (conocidos como “raiteros”) que reclutan y transportan a sus trabajadores. El reportero Michael Grabell habló con trabajadores temporales que ganaban menos del sueldo mínimo después de tener que esperar horas sin cobrar y también pagar tarifas por el transporte al trabajo o para recibir su cheque de paga.
¿Ha trabajado usted con una agencia temp (de trabajo temporal) como trabajador, reclutador o empresa cliente? Estamos intentando conseguir una perspectiva amplia. ¿Tiene usted alguna pista sobre asuntos o situaciones que tendríamos que investigar? Queremos que se ponga en contacto.
Cuéntenos su historia en este espacio (su información será mantenida en la confidencialidad) o contacte directamente con el reportero Michael Grabell a [email protected].
This project has been archived and we are no longer accepting submissions. See our full investigation archive here.
The Deal
Men's or women's Timex Weekender watches, starting at $17
Click here to view an image and detailed information for all 11 options
Free shipping and free returns<p>
####Timex Weekender Watches for Men and Women “It takes a licking and keeps on ticking,” ads for the new Timex watch proclaimed. The mechanical wristwatch starred in every commercial. It was frozen in an ice cube tray and suspended in the chamber of a vacuum cleaner. It cliff-jumped in Acapulco. It attended a batting practice strapped to Mickey Mantle's bat. An Air Force sergeant volunteered to crash a plane while wearing the watch. By the end of the 1950s, one in three watches sold in the US was a Timex.
Today, the 150-year-old brand continues to sell high-performance sports and everyday watches around the world. Innovations abound, such as the interchangeable strap—which turns a single watch face into an wardrobe's worth of accessories—as well as the Indiglo light-up feature. The timepieces appear in the press more regularly than gossip about the queen's fallen soufflé—with multiple plaudits in _GQ_, _InStyle_, and _Elle_ just this year. The Timex Weekender features an analog face and accurate quartz movement that keeps time from moving backward. Durable mineral crystal protects each watch from scratches and dings, and stylish leather, nylon, and stainless steel bands secure them to wrists. Water-resistant construction ensures that timepieces keep ticking after aquatic accidents, and an Indiglo night-light helps the wearer tell time in the dark. #####Features * Watches for men and women * Quartz movement * Analog display * Indiglo night-light keeps monsters away * Durable mineral crystal protects watches from scratches * Brass case and bezel * Luminous hands * Weight: 0.35lbs * Dimensions: 4”x3.5”x3”
How to get your goods: by purchasing this Groupon and providing your name and shipping address, your order is complete!
For questions pertaining to this deal, please visit the deal Q&A on this page. For post-purchase inquiries, please contact [Groupon customer service](http://gr.pn/OActnC).
View the [Groupon Goods FAQ](http://gr.pn/yLXWNy) for additional information, including [how list price is determined](http://gr.pn/MGDGkC).
Hero Wanted! Help fix the remaining issues for 3.0! By: Juan Linietsky
Hero Wanted!
Godot 3.0 is in its final march towards a stable release, hopefully before year's end. The first beta will be released shortly and then release candidates and stable.
There are, however, many issues open in the tracker and the idea is to fix as many as possible before 3.0 is out. We are working hard to get everything fixed, but extra hands are always very welcome.
This is a great chance to be a hero and help close issues! Also, if you are not familiar with Godot's internals, this is a great starting point to start contributing.
Where to sign up
We have marked many issues with the tag Hero Wanted. They contain, at the bottom, a description of where the relevant code to look at may be and, sometimes, a guess as to what the problem might be.
If those appear too complex to get started, you can also check the junior job tag with a collection of issues with should be fixable relatively easily.
When you start working on an issue, write a comment there to let other contributors know that you're on it.
What's the reward?
By fixing a bug, you will hereby obtain the grace from Princess Godotina.. We may announce real rewards later, though.
The first time that Elliott Abrams was close to the center of power in American foreign policy, they were a supporter of death squads in Central America, going so far as to spread disinformation about massacres committed by the brave freedom fighters we were supporting. Then they became a criminal for deceiving Congress about it. Their record is clean because they snuck through a loophole -- a "technicality," as it is usually called on the Right when some kid who sticks up a 7-11 beats the rap because they aren't Mirandized. That is the caliber of man to whom Tiger Beat On The Potomac gives a platformto say the following:
The only part of old-fashioned realpolitik that they do follow religiously is indifference to humanitarian matters. The administration has been extremely weak on human rights policy, from the early embrace of Hosni Mubarak in Egypt and the silence when Iranians rose in protest against the June 2009 elections, to the astonishing Syria policy that has led to suffering of vast dimensions.
Elliott Abrams, defender of butchers, liar in the service of murder, is lecturing the president as being "weak on human rights."
If I thought Mike Allen had the shame god gave the common duck, I'd suggest that they leave journalism forever and go to work tending swine in El Mozote.
Jesus, these really are the fking mole people.
Bartender, a double Prestone, and see what the pundits in the back room will have.
Hunted by US-backed Filipino troops in 2005, Abu Sayyaf chieftain Khadaffy Janjalani and other al-Qaida-linked militants sought refuge in the mountainous stronghold of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), the largest Muslim rebel group in Mindanao.
But the rebels turned them away, afraid that harboring extremists would scuttle their peace talks with the government. The following year, Janjalani—among the most wanted terrorist suspects in Southeast Asia—was killed by troops in another jungle area.
ADVERTISEMENT
The rebels' rejection of Janjalani, which was reported at the time by military and police intelligence officials, shows the potential of harnessing the main Moro insurgents in fighting extremism and preventing their vast strongholds from serving as one of the last remaining refuges of al-Qaida-affiliated militants, who have been clobbered by years of crackdowns across Southeast Asia.
Philippine officials hope a preliminary peace deal the government clinched last week with the MILF will eventually turn the 12,000-strong insurgent group into a formidable force against the remnants of the Abu Sayyaf and other radicals, including several Indonesian and Malaysian militants believed to be taking cover in the southern Mindanao region.
“We can wage battle with the MILF,” Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin said. “This will really isolate groups like the Abu Sayyaf.”
Counterterrorism dividends
The United States, Britain and Australia, aware of the emerging peace agreement's potential counterterrorism dividends, were among the first to praise the framework accord with the rebels announced on Oct. 7 by President Aquino. It will be formally signed in Manila on Monday.
“Foreign governments have supported the peace process partly because of counterterrorism policies,” Bryony Lau of the Brussels-based International Crisis Group said. They also worried about poor governance and high levels of poverty that have plagued the insurgency-affected regions, they said.
While the Moro rebel group has cut ties with foreign extremists to safeguard peace talks, “there may well still be individual … commanders with continuing ties,” Lau said, adding that “the framework agreement increases the incentives for the MILF leadership to ensure that their members are not harboring such people.”
Under the deal, the MILF committed to deactivate its armed guerrilla units “beyond use” when both sides have finalized an agreement on Muslim autonomy.
ADVERTISEMENT
Final agreement
A final pact could be reached in three years, officials and the rebels say. One option is to integrate qualified guerrillas into a police force that would secure the new Muslim autonomous region, to be called Bangsamoro. The rest of the insurgents, they say, could return to civilian life once they lay down their firearms.
The Malaysian-brokered talks, aiming to wean the Moro guerrillas from foreign and local extremists and outlaws, led to a 2002 agreement on a government-rebel joint action group that was designed for the insurgents to help interdict and capture terrorists in their areas. Under the agreement, the rebels have fed information and helped solve several ransom kidnappings in the south.
Still, military and police intelligence reports have showed that some Moro rebel commanders continued to provide refuge or clandestinely supported foreign militants linked to extremist groups.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
I was having a monstrous chocolate craving yesterday and just didn't feel like a candy bar. After looking around my kitchen I realized I had everything I needed for these babies. My sister Rivka's Jerusalem-Elegance (on facebook) did this first for a fancy dinner, and I have really wanted to try it ever since. Believe it or not, these are better than most truffles I have tried, probably because the fresh cold creamy banana taste comes through over the sweet dark chocolate really nicely, and nothing is too overpowering or repetitive like I find so many mass produced truffles to be. Also, IMPORTANT!!! the better the chocolate you use, the better these will taste, naturally. So use Ghirardelli or some other higher end dark chocolate for really great results.
Ingredients:
200g dark or semi sweet chocolate
1 teaspoon canola oil
2-3 Medium sized bananas, ripe, but not overripe, sliced in 1 inch slices, and frozen for 1 hour.
A small saucepan
A medium sized heatproof glass bowl (something non-porous like pyrex) that will fit on top of the saucepan without falling inside.
50g chopped toasted almonds (I just buy whole shelled almonds and chop and toast myself)
Non Food Items:
A spatula
Baking paper for lining the tray
A cookie sheet or baking tray
Method:
1) Set up a double boiler using the saucepan with water in in, and the glass bowl on top.
2) Melt the chocolate with an added tsp. of canola oil for shininess.
3) When it's melted, quickly* dip banana slices into chocolate using 2 forks, shake off excess, and then line them up on a baking sheet covered in baking paper.
*Quick note: If you try dipping them one by one into the chocolate (like I did) too much liquid from the bananas gets into the mix and gums up the melted chocolate. So go fast, or do it in batches of about 6 at a time. If you have ever accidentally gotten water in a melted chocolate mixture you were making you know what I am talking about. If this does happen, you can save the chocolate by scraping it out onto a sheet of baking paper, adding some toasted nuts, crushed candy canes or other candy or dried fruit you have on hand, pressing it down into a bark, and freezing it until hard. This was a yummy byproduct of this experiment, and saved me from flinging a bowl of hot (presumably unusable wasted) chocolate against the wall. I also tried it afterwards a different way, pouring the chocolate over a bunch of sliced bananas, but it was even worse, not sticking to the bananas at all. So please let me know if you come up with a better way to do this, because its fine for a quick treat to make a few, but if you want to make say, 30, for a party, I can see this getting complicated.
4) I toasted some chopped almonds for the top as well, they really added to the flavor, and tried a few with colored sprinkles because I just love them that much. The almond ones were better, but I'll bet kids would flip over the sprinkly ones. Add toppings, then chill in the fridge until you are ready to serve them. The chocolate melts in your hand, so eat quick! My husband, G, was so sad when I told them about the last time I had them without him, so they ate almost all of them when they got home.
Update: just started watching Arrested Development, (I know, I'm WAY behind) what a fun show, and I love the whole Bluths bananas storyline. I'm going to make these again for the next time I sit down for a marathon catch up session. Enjoy!
Wolfgang W. Halbig doesn't believe anyone was killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14, 2012, and he's looking for some answers. So many answers, in fact, that they were paid a visit by some police investigators telling them to back off.
Mr. Halbig isn't your average “conspiracy theorist.” He's worked in public education as a teacher, dean, assistant principal, principal of an alternative school and as the Director for School Safety and Security for the Seminole County Public Schools, a school district of approximately 65,000 students.
A former Florida State Trooper and United States Customs Inspector, Mr. Halbig was invited by the U.S. Department of Justice to train over 3,500 school police officers, school superintendents and school principals. They travel the country providing presentations and keynotes to a variety of school board associations and conferences and is a nationally-recognized school safety and security expert and consultant, who has provided safety training and school assessments for more than 4,000 school districts nationwide.
Dave Gahary spoke with Wolfgang about why they don't believe the official story of the Sandy Hook Elementary School event, in this interesting interview.
Full article with more links to Sandy Hook info:http://www.federaljack.com/school-saf…
***Visit our new FREE SPEECH community built exclusively for our readers. Click to Join The Deplorables Network Today!***
Original podcast: http://americanfreepress.net/?p=15503
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com.
Just six months after the Cassini spacecraft arrived at Saturn, its cameras caught something spectacular. It was Jan. 16, 2005, and Cassini was zipping past Enceladus, a bright, tiny moon just 313 miles in diameter. Cassini saw a fuzzy peak, like a tuft of hair standing up. It was a vapor plume, and it meant the little moon was spurting something into space.
As Cassini flew around Enceladus, scientists turned the spacecraft's suite of instruments and sensors to the apparent geyser and discovered that it was water ice. “To actually see this plume of water vapor and water ice particles coming out of the South Pole of a moon that is only 300 miles across was absolutely astonishing,” said Linda Spilker, Cassini project scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
As Cassini prepares to end its 20-year run with a death dive into Saturn on Friday, the spacecraft's two decades of images have made the Saturn system one of the most recognizable, most familiar and yet most breathtakingly mysterious places in the solar system. Pictures like those of the icy geyser will be Cassini's lasting legacy.
The pictures were worth another three visits. Engineers made this movie from another flyby that November.
Later, Cassini flew directly through the plume and found evidence of a salty global ocean full of hydrothermal activity, building blocks of possible life. This discovery cemented Enceladus as one of the best places within our solar system to look for life outside of Earth — sorry, Mars. It was one of the most sensational findings in recent space history, and certainly one of Cassini's highlights. And it happened not because of hard-to-pronounce space technology, but because of a snapshot.
Pretty space photos may captivate the public, but they're not the backbone of modern astronomy. Given the hard limits on weight and size that space travel imposes, many scientists would rather prioritize instruments like mass spectrometers, which are chemistry workhorses, or radiometers and magnetometers, which measure radiation and magnetic fields. With those tools, astronomers can tease apart fingerprints of individual chemicals and construct detailed simulations of how planets and moons work. Cameras are often an afterthought, literally.
Take the Juno probe, which arrived at Jupiter last summer. It wasn't originally meant to carry a camera at all. Its early designs didn't have room for one, given all the radiation shielding required for Juno's science instruments to survive the stupefyingly horrendous environment of the solar system's biggest planet. Ultimately, the mission's lead scientist, Scott Bolton, decided they couldn't send a billion-dollar probe all the way to Jupiter and not equip it with the tool billions of Earthlings used to catalog their own planet, so the probe launched with a wide-angle JunoCam, “the people's camera.” The images Juno produces, just like those from Cassini, are data, too.
Through photos, Cassini has made clear that everything about Saturn is odd and surprising. It has a blue hexagonal hurricane at its North Pole. Its biggest moon has rivers carved by liquid methane. It is swaddled in iridescent, moving rings. Images, not data sets, capture the public's imagination.
Pictures speak to how we think about the universe — in images and narratives. We are driven by emotion and mystery, and moved by beauty. We use stories to make sense of the world. Data provides raw material for constructing those stories, but ultimately, our minds want images too. And as Cassini and Juno have shown, sometimes pictures provide the most stunning data of all, upending everything we think we know.
“Enceladus has no business existing,” said Curt Niebur, a Cassini scientist at NASA. Such a tiny moon, so far from the sun, is unlikely to be warm enough for liquid to persist; moreover, if it's spewing liquid, it should have spent its supply a long time ago. “And yet there it is, practically screaming at us, ‘Look at me, I completely invalidate all of your assumptions about the solar system,'” Niebur said.
The Enceladean plume pictures are just one example of how Cassini's images have brought not only Saturn but the entire Kronian system into breathtaking, Art Deco relief. The twin Voyager probes were the first to resolve the fuzzy dots of Jupiter and Saturn into swirling giant planets, but Cassini turned the planets and their moons into worlds — almost-homes, places we could imagine going and being, and maybe encountering other beings, too.
Cassini also brought into focus Titan, a behemoth orb with lakes and rivers of methane and ethane and wind-carved dunes made of hydrocarbon-coated ice pebbles. When Cassini deployed a lander, the Huygens probe, onto Titan's surface in 2005, it unveiled a reddish terrain, a hazy sky and what appeared to be a dry lakebed. “I still give myself goosebumps thinking about seeing that first image — I'll never forget it,” said Earl Maize, a Cassini project scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Through Huygens, Cassini demonstrated that Titan is the only other world in the solar system, to our knowledge, where liquid flows today.
Cassini was designed as an explorer mission, which allowed its controllers to nimbly adjust its orbit to look at interesting features on its moons, in its rings and on the planet itself. Scientists affectionately call Cassini's haphazard-looking orbital path the “ball of yarn.”
It's fitting that Cassini's final days will be spent in what scientists are calling “the last picture show.” First, it took one last look at Titan, whose gravity sent Cassini barreling inexorably toward a collision with Saturn. Then it will zoom in on Enceladus and watch as the tiny moon sets behind Saturn. Then it will look at “Peggy,” a moonlet in Saturn's rings that might be breaking away and becoming a moon in its own right. It will view the inexplicable hexagonal hurricane raging at Saturn's North Pole. And, finally, Cassini will shoot photos of a “propeller,” a strange feature in Saturn's ring system that might also be a moon being born.
The pictures will beam back to Earth on Sept. 14, and then Cassini will turn away from our planet and toward its fateful encounter with Saturn. “It's sort of like taking a last look around your apartment or house just before you move out,” Spilker said. “You walk around the downstairs. As you walk upstairs, you run your fingers across the bannister. You look at your old room, and memories across the years come flooding back.”
Cassini's end also marks the beginning of a transition in solar system exploration. After Cassini, Juno is next on interplanetary death row. In 2021, it, too, is slated to dive into the cloud tops of its host planet, to protect Europa and other possible life-harboring moons of Jupiter. And after that, Earth won't have a single emissary to the outer planets.
A few new missions are in the planning stages. NASA already announced plans for a satellite called the Europa Clipper, which will repeatedly sail past the Jovian moon to study whether Europa is a livable world. The Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer (JUICE) is a European mission with similar goals. But neither will launch until sometime in the 2020s. Possible missions to Titan and Enceladus are still competing for funding.
The Voyagers launched 40 years ago, and their travels set the course for solar system exploration through two generations. Cassini launched 20 years ago next month, and it has done the same. As it falls apart and becomes one with Saturn, mission controllers will shut down their command terminals and turn to each other for hugs and high-fives. The scientists and engineers will take some time to celebrate and to evaluate all they've done. And then they will get to work building the next set of robot eyes.
A few years from now, peering through cameras not yet constructed, the next generation of explorers will again prepare to see something new in the cold darkness of the outer solar system. Enceladus might be in the sights again. And there we might learn, finally, that we are not alone.
Swedish police said on Saturday that they had arrested a 39-year-old Uzbekistan-born man they believed had hijacked a beer truck and carried out a terrorist attack by driving the truck into a crowd of people in Stockholm the day before, killing four and injuring at least 15 others.
Prosecutors and police officials did not identify the suspect, but Anders Thornberg, head of the Swedish Security Service, said at a news conference that the man had been on authorities' radar some time ago.
Thornberg said that the agency had looked into information it received on the suspect last year, but that it had not led to anything. They said the suspect was not on any current list of people being monitored.
The Swedish national broadcaster SVT reported that a bag with explosives had been found in the truck used in the attack.
“…fantastic, modern character study of a misanthropic grandmother opening new and old wounds as they attempt to help their granddaughter.”
Films in which a character study are the central theme can be utterly fantastic…given that the central character is interesting, of course. Films like The Imitation Game, Man on the Moon, and Love and Mercy are all based on the real-life stories of single, fascinating individuals who accomplish incredible things against all odds, including their own eccentricities. While these are based on real people, fictional character studies often need to be unique and colorful enough to maintain the audience's attention throughout a mostly uneventful story. For example, Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance), which just happened to win the Oscar for Best Picture in 2015, is a rather uneventful story, yet the plot is driven by excellent performances by actors portraying complicated characters in a highly dramatic and emotionally charged time. The film Grandma (directed by Paul Weitz, 2015) is a fantastic, modern character study of a misanthropic grandmother opening new and old wounds as they attempt to help their granddaughter through a difficult time of their own. In a sense, it's a feminist and controversial adventure comparable to Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle, but instead of the coveted White Castle burgers, this dynamic duo is in search of money for an abortion.
Elle Reid (played by Lily Tomlin) begins the film by breaking up with their much younger girlfriend Olivia (Judy Greer) in a seemingly heartless fashion, immediately showcasing their hard and impenetrable emotional barricade. Before the breakup even has a chance to sink in, Elle's young granddaughter Sage (played by Julia Garner) shows up to visit. However, family pleasantries are quickly cast aside when Sage reveals they need $600 to pay for an appointment to abort an unplanned pregnancy scheduled for the very same day. Unable to turn to their mother Judy (played by Marcia Gay Harden), whose relationship with Elle is estranged anyhow, Elle decides to help Sage get the money. Since Elle is an unemployed writer, broke, and won't receive any royalty money for a couple weeks, they must resort to asking for help from people in their past. As the two go from person to person in the hopes that they can get the money in time for the procedure, we learn more and more about Elle themselves as their secrets are revealed and old wounds are reopened. Them blunt and unapologetically straightforward demeanor may not have made them a good person, mother, or girlfriend, but by putting the needs of Sage before their own may be enough to redeem themselves as a good grandmother.
Despite its seemingly innocent title, Grandma addresses serious and real issues that are plaguing people both young and old. The hot button issue of abortion is central to the plot, of course, given that the young granddaughter has come to the decision to get one. While there is a harsh line separating many on this controversial topic, the film deals with the issue in a mature and logical fashion. Sure, if you are extremely against abortion, this may not be the film for you, because it does boast the positives of the feminist agenda and depicts the anti-abortion fanatics as extremely angry and hateful people. Yet, the film itself isn't so much about abortion as it is the emotional journey of the main character, Elle, who must break down their own walls in order to come to terms with their life, living with loss, and being there for family. As the adventure unfolds, their seemingly crass and heartless personality is opened up to see how they became who they are and why.
The performance by Lily Tomlin as Elle is downright applaudable, and despite being what the film describes as “an asshole,” their character's noble efforts to help their granddaughter are enough to make their character warm and likeable. They absolutely steal the show, almost borrowing from Johnny Knoxville's Bad Grandpa by not being afraid to offend or upset those around them. She's funny while also managing to embody the 21st century feminist who empowers the younger generation to stand up for themselves. While the subject matter itself is controversial, it in a sense represents the 21st century goal of accepting everyone for exactly who they are, even if they're not perfect or make mistakes.
As a dramedy, Grandma is funny, heartwarming, and (like its main character) unapologetically frank. Laverne Cox, known for their transgender role in the Netflix original series Orange is the New Black, makes an appearance along with Nat Wolff (from Paper Towns) and Sam Elliott (from The Big Lebowski). With big names and a good message, Grandma was a special film brought to life by stellar performances and heart. It is as much a 21st century independent film as any I have seen before, and I left the theater happy with what I saw. This film gets an 8/10 from me, and I hope that those who do watch it can recognize the message isn't centered on abortion as much as it is about acceptance, selfworth, and inner strength.
NEW YORK (AP) — MSNBC has reversed itself and now says it won't be cutting ties with contributor Sam Seder over a rape joke they made on Twitter eight years ago.
Network president Phil Griffin said on Thursday that “sometimes you just get one wrong — and that's what happened here.”
Seder had been told last week that they wouldn't be welcomed back on the network after conservative commentator Mike Cernovich pointed out the apparent joke by Seder about defenders of film director Roman Polanski, a fugitive since pleading guilty to having unlawful sex with a minor in the 1970s.
In their tweet, Seder wrote that they didn't care about Polanski, “but I hope if my daughter is ever raped, it is by a truly talented man with a great sense of mise en scene.”
Seder, a comedian who does the political podcast “The Majority Report,” is an occasional presence on MSNBC, most often on Chris Hayes' prime-time show.
MSNBC's action provoked an online outcry from fans who thought the network was caving to pressure from conservatives.
“We made our initial decision for the right reasons — because we don't consider rape to be a funny topic to be joked about,” Griffin said. “But we've heard the feedback, and we understand the point Sam was trying to make in that tweet was actually in line with our values, even though the language was not. Sam will be welcome on our air going forward.”
MSNBC had initially said it wouldn't be renewing Seder's contract, which expires early next year.
Seder said they appreciated the network's reconsideration and “willingness to understand the cynical motives of those who intentionally misrepresented my tweet for their own toxic, political purposes.
“We are experiencing an important and long overdue moment of empowerment for the victims of sexual assault and of reckoning for their perpetrators,” they said. “I'm proud that MSNBC and its staff have set a clear example of the need to get it right.”
Cernovich, in a video posted online, called MSNBC's reversal “a great day for us.” They said conservatives will be able to cite Seder's tweet in the future whenever they are criticized for tweets that others find objectionable.
Washington, DC—Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) joined 26 Members of Congress in introducing the Return to Prudent Banking Act today. The bipartisan legislation, endorsed by Public Citizen and the AFL-CIO, would reinstate important consumer protections put in place after the Great Depression and require separation between commercial and investment banking.
“From the Great Depression through the turn of the 21st Century, Glass-Steagall helped keep our economy safe. Repealing it allowed too-big-to-fail banks to gamble with the savings and livelihoods of the American people, with devastating, irrevocable consequences. Hawaiʻi, along with communities across the country, paid the price in 2008 with the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. Today, the banks that were "too big to fail" in 2008 are even bigger and more powerful now. We must reinstate Glass-Steagall and create a financial system that works for every American—not just Wall Street banks,” said Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02).
“The 2008 crash nearly took down our entire economy and led to the great recession which wiped out average Americans' income. But now, Democrats and Republicans have memorialized support for Glass-Steagall in their respective political platforms. Even President Trump has declared their support for a new Glass-Steagall law,” said Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur (OH-09). “That is why we are here, to build on the momentum and the movement to reinstate Glass-Stegall.”
“Wall Street banks should not be allowed to use taxpayer-insured consumer deposits to gamble in the markets and then get taxpayer bailouts for failed decisions,” said Congressman Walter B. Jones (NC-03). “It's time to put American taxpayers and depositors first. It's time to pass the Return to Prudent Banking Act and reinstate Glass-Steagall.”
“I am proud to cosponsor the Return to Prudent Banking Act, which revives the separation between commercial banking and securities companies as written in the Glass-Steagall Act. These are smart financial reforms designed to protect our economy from another financial crisis and hardworking American taxpayers from another Wall Street collapse. We know that the climate of deregulation led to the financial crisis. We can't let that happen again,” said Congressman Tim Ryan (OH-13).
Background: In 1933, the Banking Act—also known as the Glass-Steagall Act—passed amid an atmosphere of chaos and uncertainty to address banking failures of the Great Depression. The goal of its lead cosponsors, Rep. Henry Steagall and Sen. Carter Glass, was to separate commercial and investment banking and restore confidence in the American banking system. In 1999, Congress repealed the Glass-Steagall Act and removed the barriers between investment banking and traditional depository banks. This action gave financial institutions and investment firms access to the deposits of the American consumer, which then were used to gamble on the Wall Street casino. This misguided deregulation allowed the creation of giant financial supermarkets—that could own investment banks, commercial banks, and insurance firms—and created companies too big and intertwined to fail. This lack of regulation also allowed Wall Street to leverage their debt past sustainable ratios using consumer mutual funds and the pension accounts of American workers as collateral.
###
The Predators defeated the Penguins on Saturday despite several players missing because of illness. (Photo: Christopher Hanewinckel / USA TODAY Sports)
Ryan Johansen woke up from their nap Friday afternoon in Detroit, and something didn't feel right.
Along with their teammates, the Predators center had eaten the standard pregame meal at the team's downtown hotel, the contents of which typically include items such as chicken, salmon and pasta.
They arrived at Joe Louis Arena for the Predators' game against the Red Wings a few hours before the 7:30 p.m. start and spoke to trainers, hoping they could overcome the queasiness.
"Right before warmups, I started puking in the stalls there," Johansen said. "Then I went out for warmups, just trying to do everything I could to stay in the game, played the first period and I just couldn't move. And then I got in after the first period and I started puking uncontrollably."
Several Predators players fell ill with suspected food poisoning Friday, an unprecedented situation for the organization.
It came in waves. Goaltender Pekka Rinne, who made 38 saves in Nashville's 5-3 loss that night, began to experience nausea midway through the game, but powered through it knowing that backup Marek Mazanec was also sick.
Captain Mike Fisher, meanwhile, wasn't affected until they arrived home after the team plane landed in Nashville about 1 a.m. Saturday — an hour behind schedule because the Predators' bus to the airport had to make a detour to a pharmacy to pick up medication.
“I was throwing up, and I couldn't keep anything in," Fisher said. "It's tough when you can't eat and then to try and play, then you're dehydrated."
RELATED
The timing, already rotten, was made worse because the Predators had another game to play Saturday against the Penguins at Bridgestone Arena, leaving less than 24 hours for recovery. They also had only 20 players on their roster, carrying the minimum 12 forwards, six defensemen and two goaltenders.
Upon surveying the locker room after the game, Predators general manager David Poile initially thought that the team would need to recall eight players — five forwards, two goaltenders and a defenseman.
As calls were placed to the Predators' minor-league affiliates in Milwaukee and Cincinnati to prepare for wholesale roster movement, Poile spoke to the NHL to discuss how the Predators would field a lineup Saturday that was compliant with the salary cap and league rules.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Top and trending sports headlines you need to know for your busy day. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-342-8237. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Reinforcements began to arrive on Saturday morning. Forward Austin Watson was part of a group that left Milwaukee at 6:50 a.m. and flew to Nashville through a connection in Chicago, making it in time for the Predators' morning meeting. Forward Harry Zolnierczyk took a car service to Chicago, about 90 miles south of Milwaukee, and boarded a flight from there. Both played Saturday.
Former Predators goaltender Chris Mason, now retired and living in the area, came to Bridgestone Arena at 5 p.m. with equipment in case the team needed to sign them to an emergency contract to back up prospect Juuse Saros, who started against the Penguins. That ultimately wasn't necessary as Mazanec was healthy enough to sit on the bench.
In all, the Predators officially recalled five players who suited up. Johansen, forward Colin Wilson and defenseman Matt Carle were among those who felt good enough to play after checking in with management and trainers throughout the day. Rinne, Fisher and forwards Craig Smith, Colton Sissons and Cody Bass sat out.
"I've never been through this whole thing," Poile said. "The fact that there were seven or eight guys that had it, they gutted it out and they played and that's how we got 20 players in the lineup that night."
The ordeal at least had a satisfying conclusion, with the Predators defeating the defending Stanley Cup champion Penguins 5-1.
"Like all the guys are saying, they've never seen anything it," Rinne said. "I've never seen anything like it. It was unfortunate, but hopefully, in a couple days, we can kind of laugh about it."
Reach Adam Vingan on Twitter @AdamVingan.
NEXT GAME
PREDATORS at DUCKS
When: 9:30 p.m. Wednesday
TV/radio: Fox TN/102.5-FM
Nick Hogan Gets Letter from Teacher Accused of Sex Crimes Stephanie Ragusa
Authorities have intercepted a letter towritten by 29-year-old, the Florida teacher currently in jail awaiting trial for sex crimes charges stemming from alleged sexual encounters with Florida teens.
Ragusa is charged with two felony counts of unlawful sexual activity with a minor and five counts of lewd and lascivious battery, among others.
The letter, which was intercepted by Pinellas County sheriff's deputies was not sexual in nature, and a copy was eventually delivered to Hogan.
Although Ragusa is barred from contacting any of their alleged victims, they apparently have broken no rules by contacting 17-year-old Nick.
I wonder what mom Linda Hogan thinks about this in light of their romance with their own 19-year-old teenage boy toy.
View the letter HERE.
The holiday season is an excellent time to visit North Wales and get out in the crisp, fresh air. Even though the colder weather has well and truly arrived, there is no excuse for not exploring the stunning scenery of Snowdonia National Park. The national park itself is a massive playground for both adults and children, built from mountains, river valleys, hills, woodlands and beaches, all just waiting to be enjoyed! The accessibility of this place contributes to its beauty, making it the perfect place for families to discover all that it has to offer. Here is a guide to family-friendly activities to help you plan your trip to this breath-taking part of the country and ensure your holiday is full of fond memories when you return home.
1. Climbing
Holidays provide the perfect opportunity to try something new. Your week or two away will give you a new lease of life and hunger for adventure. So, why not have a go at scaling one of the many cliffs that make up the Snowdonia National Park? With an experienced guide and teacher, you can attempt the challenge of climbing one of the majestic rocks. The rush and excitement you will get while completing the climb and when you reach the top will be exhilarating, yet the rope and safety elements are sure to make the protection of you and your family of paramount importance!
2. Mt. Snowdon
No trip to Snowdonia National Park would be complete without a visit to the big one, Mt. Snowdon. A winter walk to immerse yourself and your family in the wonders of the area is the perfect way to spend a couple of hours. Bring along a flask of something warm, your coats, gloves and scarfs and enjoy the scenery. If the summit of the mountain is on your bucket list, take a ride with your family on the Snowdon Mountain Railway. The historical journey has been adored and experience by visitors looking to admire the spectacular peaks since 1896. Many of the original carriages and trains are still transporting passengers up the beautiful mountain, so your experience will be just as it has been since the train line opened.
3. High wires
Visit one of the most extensive disused slate quarries in the world, Penrhyn Quarry. Situated close to the small town of Bethesda, the longest and fastest zip wire in the northern hemisphere can be found. Look out for Zip World Velocity; it is a mile-long zip wire that reaches a speed that aeronautical experts call, “Like the clappers”. You will be taken through the skies at an excess of 100mp while you are surrounded by the outstanding views of the Welsh countryside. If you're not keen for the speed, then you can watch your loved ones ‘zip' by from the Blondin restaurant.
4. Harlech Castle
With plenty of beautiful castles around Wales, it is always going to be a challenge to pick the best. However, Harlech Castle just has to be part of our itinerary as it is hard to resist its charms. with stunning panoramic views from its massive battlements, you are greeted with incredible sights when you reach the top. The castle also looks over the quaint village of Harlech where you can stop off for lunch; additionally, it is only a short walk away from the golden sands of Tremadog Bay. It's easy to see how this location is a World Heritage Site and we think it is a truly unmissable experience.
If you and your family fall in love with this beautiful area, then have a browse of our Wales holiday homes for sale and discover your dream holiday property.
Monsanto Co. plans to make its operations carbon neutral by 2021, in part by working with farmers who use its products to help them reduce carbon emissions, the company's CEO told The Associated Press.
To be carbon neutral, Monsanto must reduce its net emission of climate-changing carbon to zero. Climate change is one of the most vital issues facing humanity, Monsanto's Hugh Grant said in an interview ahead of the company's announcement Tuesday, and an "untold story" is the agricultural industry's effort to address the issue.
Farmers "have an opportunity and a part to play in mitigation around climate change," Grant said. "Rather than being the problem, I think there's a growing realization they can be a big part of the solution."
Monsanto's announcement comes as world leaders gather in Paris for two weeks of negotiations to finalize a sweeping global agreement to reduce carbon emissions.
Grant said part of St. Louis-based Monsanto's effort is basic "good housekeeping," such as stricter emissions control, conserving energy at offices, using more fuel-efficient vehicles. The company also pledges within its seed production operations to reduce its carbon footprint through breeding, plant biotechnology, conservation tillage and use of cover crops.
A key component of the plan calls for working with the thousands of farmers who use Monsanto seeds and pesticides. The company is developing an incentives program to encourage environmentally friendly production methods — cover crops and conservation tillage chief among them — that allow the soil to absorb and hold as much or more greenhouse gases than are emitted in corn and soybean farming.
In addition, Monsanto plans to share its own best practices data, as well as practices developed from other experts.
David Lobell, deputy director of the Center on Food Security and the Environment at Stanford University, said it is important for any major company to strive for carbon neutrality.
"Even if it doesn't make much of a dent by itself, it certainly is a positive step," Lobell said.
Ray Gaesser, who farms 6,000 acres of corn and soybeans near Corning, Iowa, and is chairperson of the board for the American Soybean Association, said farmers are anxious to help reduce carbon emission. Their own farm has been no-till for 25 years, and they have increased the use of cover crops over the past half-decade.
"In agriculture, we need to do what we can, what we practically can, to protect the environment," Gaesser said. "I think we all want to do that. It's just a matter or learning and experiencing how to make it all work."
Several major companies with ties to agriculture have announced efforts to reduce carbon emissions. Estimates suggest the agricultural industry contributes around 10 percent of U.S. emissions.
In August, General Mills announced a goal of reducing its greenhouse gas emission 28 percent by 2025, a plan that includes partnering with suppliers to foster more sustainable agricultural practices. In 2013, Coca-Cola announced it would buy all of its agricultural ingredients from sustainable sources by 2020.
Associated Press
UPDATE at 2:26 p.m., Monday, April 20 2015: See our latest, "Shocking Westside Shootings Were Gang-Related, Cops Say."
One person was dead and as many as three others were wounded in shootings in the Westside community of Palms this afternoon, according to police, fire officials and reports.
The Los Angeles Fire Department responded to separate shooting reports minutes apart and blocks apart in the Westside community, said LAPD spokesperson Brian Humphrey.
Continue Reading
The first call described a shooting at 3:20 p.m. in the 3700 block of South Clarington Avenue, they said. The second reported a shooting at 3:35 p.m. in the 10700 block of National Place in Palms, Humphrey told us.
LAPD spokesperson Tony Im said officers found one victim dead on arrival. Two other possible victims might have turned up at area hospitals, they said. One other victim also was reported. For now those people are being counted as injured, they said, but the info remained fluid.
A photo captured by area crime Twitter account Venice311 shows a sheet covering what appears to be a body next to Woodbine Park in Palms.
The LAPD was on citywide tactical alert as a result of the shooting, Im said. They said the "tac alert" allows local brass from the Pacific Division to ask for reinforcements from other divisions.
The department was trying to contain two "big" crime scenes, they said. The search was on for a white Ford Explorer SUV believed to have been involved in at least one of the attacks, they said.
UPDATE at 4:32 p.m., Thursday, April 16, 2015: Police say Palms Elementary School is on lockdown.
Im told us the first shooting report was logged at 2:59 p.m. They said that there are indeed three injured victims at a hospital and one who was found dead at one of the crime scenes.
UPDATE at 4:48 p.m., Thursday, April 16, 2015: The Los Angeles School Police Department says the elementary school was on lockdown from 3:20 p.m. to 4:04 p.m.
"School had already been dismissed," Sgt. George Sandoval said. "The only folks impacted were the after-school playground participants, who immediately sheltered in place."
They said administrators at Palms Middle School, about six or so blocks away from the crime scenes, decided to put that campus on lockdown status "for a couple minutes" as a precaution immediately after the shooting. That status was lifted after school police determined there was no danger to the people there, they said.
UPDATE at 6:45 p.m., Thursday, April 16, 2015: Im of the LAPD now says there were five victims and three crime scenes.
The shootings started about 3 p.m. at Vinton Avenue and Woodbine Street next to Woodbine Park, they said. Two people were shot there, Im said. One was pronounced dead at the scene and another was hospitalized.
Moments later gunfire broke out at Motor and Vinton avenues, they said. The victim there was hospitalized in critical condition, Im said.
Finally, at National Boulevard and Overland Avenue, near the 10 freeway, two people were shot, Im said. They were both hospitalized.
At this point, the officer said, investigators believe this might have been "a disagreement type of deal" and not a gang-related attack.
The shooter, who apparently got out and walked up to their victims, was in a white or silver SUV, police say.
The citywide tactical alert triggered by the shootings was canceled about 6:30 p.m., Im said.
Headline has changed because police now confirm three four people were wounded. It originally said, "1 Dead, as Many as 3 Wounded in Broad-Daylight Shootings on the Westside."
Send feedback and tips to the author. Follow Dennis Romero on Twitter at @dennisjromero. Follow L.A. Weekly News on Twitter at @laweeklynews.
Matthew Slater's Gospel: Football, Faith and Family
Angelique Fiske Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 6, 2016
Matthew Slater leads a prayer with both Patriots and Bills players after a game at Gillette Stadium on Oct. 2. Photo by Elisa Amendola/AP
As Robert Kraft said in a speech earlier this year, they believe in “the four F's — football, family, faith and philanthropy (phonetically speaking.)” That belief is a seminal part of the way the Patriots approach each season and what makes the team so special. This guiding force is often called the “Patriot Way,” and while it has no specific shape or definition, you know it when you see it.
There may be no concrete explanation of the Patriot Way, but there are living examples of Mr. Kraft's words in the way players treat others and conduct themselves both on and off the field. For one such example, look no further than veteran and five-time Pro Bowler Matthew Slater.
After every game, win or lose, you'll find Matthew on the field locked hand in hand with opponents and teammates alike. As the stands empty and the teams retreat to their respective locker rooms, Matthew leads players in prayer before leaving the field.
In this capacity, as they often do, Matthew brings people together
From a young age football and faith have been intertwined for Matthew, overlapping and filling up Sunday mornings and afternoons. As a kid growing up in Southern California, Matthew's mother would drop them and their brother off at Sunday school and pick them up a bit early to watch their father, Hall of Famer Jackie Slater, who played their entire 20 years in the NFL as an offensive lineman for the Los Angeles Rams, take on that week's opponent.
Now, nine years into their own NFL career and with a wife and 10-month old son, they are still striking this balance between two key parts of their life.
As a Christian, Matthew has always let their faith and beliefs shine — never taking credit for their accomplishments and acknowledging that they are “not a self-made man.” But they don't just say it; they live it.
Though their religious beliefs were cemented at a young age, it wasn't until Matthew got older that they were able to personalize their journey and understand how their faith would shape their world. They wanted it to become who they were at their core.
“I realized the love that Christ had for me, and it became real in my life. I tried to take that and apply it in every area of my life,” Matthew said. “The number one thing that I've learned is that I'm far from perfect. It definitely gave me an anchor, something to hope in and gave me a purpose that I never had up until that point.”
Stephen Gostkowski and Matthew Slater. Photo by Keith Nordstrom
That purpose has grown more and more defined as Matthew has aged. When their identity was “caught up in being a football player” during their years at UCLA or when they moved across the country to pursue their NFL career in New England, they struggled. Ultimately, they found solace in their beliefs. Their religion helped ground them and allowed them to see the impact they can make through faith and football.
“The way I look at football, it's a tremendous opportunity not only to play a game that I love and provide for my family; it gives me a platform for what I believe is the most important thing, and that's reaching people, connecting with people, building relationships and trying to show them the love of Christ,” Matthew said. “I've always looked at football as a gift. It's a vehicle that the Lord has given me to reach people.”
The way Matthew reaches people extends beyond their stats on Sundays and the fans wearing their jersey in the stands. They regularly give back to the community through the New England Patriots Charitable Foundation — whether they are volunteering at the Ron Burton Training Village over the summer or helping to build a playground on their day off.
This selfless dedication to the community and the people of New England earned them the Ron Burton Community Service Award, a reminder of the character in addition to the talent the Patriots chose in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft.
“We knew the day that we drafted Matthew that they were going to be special,” Mr. Kraft said when presenting Matthew with the award in 2013.
The respect Matthew has garnered outside of football is also reflected inside of the Patriots locker room. Matthew, a leader on special teams, was voted by their teammates to serve as a captain in 2011 and has remained in that role ever since. To receive that level of recognition from their teammates is humbling, but their goal is to motivate the guys with positivity.
“I'm not a big yeller. I'm not a big get-in-your-face type of guy,” Matthew said. “I've always tried to encourage the guys to see the best in themselves, whether they see it or not.”
The most effective way they do this is by simply being himself, according to defensive captain Devin McCourty. By emphasizing the role of their teammates in press conferences or speaking out for what they believe to be right, despite the challenges of doing so, Matthew leads by example, and their fellow Patriots are challenged to be their best selves.
Matthew Slater. Photo by Matt Slocum/AP
“His leadership is more than what they do as a player. They set an example as a man. I think a lot of guys follow that even before what they do as a football player,” Devin said. “As soon as you walk in the locker room they stick out — their professionalism, their faith. I think that's what draws people to him. You want to be more like Slate when you come in this locker room.”
In this capacity, Matthew is often offering guidance to teammates or being introduced to their family members. When a fellow player wants them to meet a mother, father, girlfriend, wife or child, it is always something special.
“That kind of stuff means a great deal to me because I'm in the people business more than I am in the football business,” Matthew said.
Everything Matthew does — on and off the field — is done with the love, patience and acceptance they have learned from their faith, and while they are the first to admit they are not perfect, it is not perfection that ultimately matters.
“I've always been a big self-critic. As you live life you try to control the things in your life, and you realize that a lot of things in your life are out of your control and a lot of things that you're not going to be able to do on your own,” Matthew said. “You're either going to need help from the Lord or you're going to need help from the people around you. I think understanding that really helped me accept who I was. It didn't mean that I was complacent. I just am who I am.”
If you have a story, we want to hear from you. Email us at Medium@Patriots.com and tell us how the game of football has made an impact in your world.
Former Secretary of State Colin Powell says the Republican Party has shifted much further right than the rest of the country — and GOP leaders must get its fringe members in line.
During an appearance at the Washington Ideas Forum on Wednesday, Powell said it “should be obvious to party leaders that they cannot keep saying and doing the things that they were doing and hope to be successful in national-level election in the future, not just in 2016.”
Powell said Republican frontrunner Donald Trump's controversial plan to deport millions of undocumented immigrants is not reflective of the rest of the party's position.
“I don't agree that it's the Republican position on immigration,” Powell said. “I think most Republicans understand that we need immigration, we are an immigrant nation [and that] it is in our best interest to do it. But … there are pockets of intolerance within the Republican Party, [and] the Republican Party had better figure out how to defeat that.”
The 78-year-old former secretary of state, whose parents emigrated to the United States from Jamaica, said immigration is part of this country's DNA.
“I think the American people have to understand that we are an immigrant nation,” Powell said. “It is our history. It is our tradition. If you look at what immigrants have done in this country — we have been built on the backs on immigrants.”
Powell, who said they try to stay out of politics, nonetheless offered the real estate mogul some advice: “If I was around Mr. Trump — Donald, who I know rather well — I would say, ‘You know, Don, let's see what happens. Let's tell all the immigrants working in Trump hotels to stay home tomorrow.'”
“Are you kidding me?” they continued. “These are first-generation American immigrants who will raise children who will go up to higher things. They're not mopping floors and waiting tables so their children can do the same. It's that immigrant tradition — get started and the next generation will be better, and the generation after that will be even better.”
Powell called for a “sensible immigration policy to bring these people out of the black.”
“Yes, I'm still a Republican,” Powell added. “I want to continue to be a Republican because it annoys them.”
Colin Powell speaks at the Washington Ideas Forum on Wednesday. (Photo: Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
By Anthony Caruso III | Publisher
According to SB Nation, the Arkansas Razorbacks have parted ways with head coach Bret Bielema. Their firing comes one week after the last FBS coach was fired in fellow Southeastern Conference head coach Butch Jones by the Tennessee Volunteers.
Bielema will coach the final game of the season this Friday against the Missouri Tigers. The Razorbacks are presently 4-7 on the season after being defeated by the Mississippi State Bulldogs on Saturday.
Bielema, along with former athletic director Jeff Long have been embattled in recent weeks at the school. Long was fired by the school earlier this week.
The Razorbacks, according to reports, would like to hire Auburn Tigers head coach Gus Malzahn as its next head coach. SB Nation is reporting that if Malzahn would be hired, it could hand-pick its next athletic director.
Bielema has been the Razorbacks head coach for the past five seasons – and they are not bowl eligible. They came to the school after being the Wisconsin Badgers head coach.
With the Razorbacks, they went 29-33, including just 11-28 in the Southeastern Conference. Arkansas has only defeated the Ole Miss Rebels this season in the SEC.
There have been some things to happen this season for the Razorbacks, but that's no excuses for their record, or their firing. Rawleigh Williams, a former running back, announced their retirement from college football in the spring.
During the season, Austin Allen suffered a season-ending shoulder injury. Cole Kelley, their back-up, got arrested on DUI charges on November 12th.
Two seasons ago, we said Bielema should have been fired.
Advertisements
At 10 a.m. Wednesday, the Supreme Court will hold one hour of oral argument on the kind of protection against workplace discrimination that a 1978 federal law provides for women who become pregnant. Arguing for Peggy Young in Young v. United Parcel Service, Inc., will be Samuel R. Bagenstos of Ann Arbor, Mich., a law professor at the University of Michigan; they will have twenty minutes of time. Representing the federal government as an amicus in support of Young will be U.S. Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli, Jr., with ten minutes of time. UPS will be represented by Caitlin J. Halligan of the New York City office of the law firm of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, with thirty minutes of time.
Background
For nearly four decades, it has been a form of illegal discrimination in the workplace to treat women workers unequally, just because they become pregnant. But it still is not entirely clear just how much and what kind of equality that provision imposes on businesses. They clearly cannot treat pregnancy as a reason to fire a worker, or cut their pay, or to deny their health benefits. That is outright discrimination based on sex, under the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, added in 1978 to Title VII of federal civil rights law.
But women's rights advocates, and the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, take the position that the Act adds another layer of protection for pregnant workers: if an identified group of workers on the payroll gets lighter duty, or easier inside-the-plant assignments such as paperwork or answering phones, because they are temporarily disabled, the same opportunity should be available to workers whose doctors limit the kind of work they can do during pregnancy. The Supreme Court is reviewing that claim in the case of Young v. United Parcel Service, Inc.
The petitioner in the case, Peggy Young of Virginia, formerly was a driver for UPS in Maryland, delivering packages to customers. After they became pregnant, their doctors told them that they should not lift packages weighing more than twenty pounds for the first twenty weeks of their pregnancy; after that, they should not lift more than ten pounds.
The problem for Young was that company policy, for the kind of driving that Young did, required the driver to be able to lift, push, pull or otherwise move any item that weighed as much as seventy pounds, if it was not oddly shaped. Young was told that, as long as they were under doctor's orders not to do any significant lifting, they could not return to work in any job while pregnant.
They were simply unable to do the tasks their specific job required, the company told them It had nothing to do with their pregnancy, UPS argued, because all drivers in Young's category had to satisfy the lifting rules.
UPS, however, did accommodate its other workers with light-duty assignments, if they were injured on the job, qualified as legally disabled under the federal Americans with Disabilities Act, or had lost their federal driver's certificate because they failed a medical exam, lost their driver's license, or had been involved in a car or truck accident. That option, Young was told, was not open to them because of the limitations of their pregnancy, and they did not meet any of the conditions.
They complained to the EEOC, which cleared them for a lawsuit against UPS. Among other claims they made in federal district court, Young contended that UPS had violated the 1978 law by discriminating against them based on sex, due to their pregnancy, and that it had refused to treat them equally under a separate clause of the law which guaranteed that pregnant workers “shall be treated the same for all employment-related purposes” as compared to other employees with a similar ability or inability to work. They lost on both points in the trial court, and in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
The Fourth Circuit found no direct evidence of sex discrimination based on pregnancy, ruling that the disability policy was “pregnancy-blind” — that is, the company's limits on accommodation applied to all workers who met one of the specified conditions, and only those workers; it did not single out pregnant workers for less favorable treatment. And that court rejected Young's separate claim that they had a right to the same treatment as the workers who did meet those conditions. That clause in the Act, the appeals court said, does not create an independent legal right for pregnant workers to pursue.
Young's attorneys took the case on to the Supreme Court, claiming that the Fourth Circuit had read out of the 1978 Act the equal treatment guarantee for workers who become pregnant. A group of law professors and women's rights organizations supported the petition, contending that the appeals court ruling revived a kind of stereotyping of pregnant workers, putting them in a class by themselves in the loss of workplace rights.
The Supreme Court asked the federal government for its views on the case. The U.S. Solicitor General urged the Court to bypass the case, saying that, while most appeals courts had misinterpreted employers' obligations under the Act, those courts might change their minds after reviewing some amendments Congress had made in the law in 2008. The government also said that EEOC was writing new enforcement guidelines, so the Court should wait until those were issued.
On the legal point Young was seeking to raise, the government brief said, the Act should be treated as protecting a pregnant worker if they could identify a category of non-pregnant fellow employees who are similar in ability to work but were treated more favorably. (This marked a switch in the government's former policy, which had declared that pregnant workers with limitations on what they could do on the job were not similar to workers who had the same limitations but those had resulted from on-the-job injuries.)
Declining to take the government's advice against granting review, the Court accepted the case on July 1. After that order came out, EEOC issued its new guidelines, noting that it had long held a view different from the Fourth Circuit's and stressing anew that an employer “may not refuse to treat a pregnant worker the same as other employees who are similar in their ability or inability to work by relying on a policy that makes distinctions based on the source of an employee's limitation.”
Briefs on the merits
Peggy Young's merits brief framed the issue before the Court as a simple matter of interpreting the plain words of the Pregnancy Discrimination Act's second category of protection — equal working opportunity. The UPS policy, though “pregnancy blind,” is illegal under the Act without any need to ask what the management's intention was, the brief argued. Pregnancy, it noted, is the only condition for which light-duty accommodations are denied.
That should end the case, without any need to go through the analytical formula of requiring Young first to make a case of discrimination, then giving UPS a chance to show why it did not act illegally, according to the filing.
Under the Fourth Circuit's approach, Young's lawyers contended, the second clause of the Act adds nothing to the first clause, outlawing workplace discrimination based directly on the fact of pregnancy. If UPS wins on that point, the second clause would not serve the purpose that Congress intended: assuring equality in the day-to-day conditions of the workplace for female employees who become pregnant.
The Young brief also sought to counter the UPS argument that forcing it to extend light-duty accommodations to pregnant workers with work limitations would violate the company's obligations under its labor union contract. By accommodating Young and other female workers, the company would not be displacing a more senior worker, the filing argued.
UPS's brief on the merits focused mainly on the point that what Young is seeking is “special treatment for pregnant employees” — something, the company argued, that the Act does not require. What the 1978 law targeted, the filing said, was “traditional anti-discrimination” practices when applied to workers who become pregnant.
Historically, the brief said, all three branches of the federal government rejected Young's view of what the Act required. It has been rejected by every federal court to have considered it, Congress has declined to write their claim specifically into the Act, and the Justice Department had consistently defended a similar accommodations policy followed by the postal service (a policy that the Justice Department told the Court is now being reconsidered). And, the UPS brief went on, the EEOC changed its mind after the Court agreed to hear Young's case.
Young need not prevail on their argument under the Act in order to gain protection on the job, UPS asserted. Congress has amended federal disability rights law to broaden the kinds of disabilities for which an employer accommodation is required, the brief said. Some states have gone even further, it added.
As a final point in its favor, the delivery company said it has since changed its policy. While that approach was legal when used against Young in this instance, the brief said, “pregnant UPS employees will prospectively be eligible for light-duty assignments.” Thus, it said, Young is not entitled to money damages for the denial of accommodation under the prior policy.
More broadly, the UPS document contended that Young's approach to the 1978 law “would call into question neutral employment distinctions — such as salaries versus hourly and full-time versus part-time, in addition to on-the-job versus off -the-job” conditions affecting work performance. Even workers' compensation laws would be negatively affected, the brief argued.
The Obama administration has lined up as an amicus on Young's side, now that the Court has granted review of their case. Its brief, like Young's, focused on interpreting the language of the Act. Because the Act gives a pregnant employee protection against discrimination based solely on their pregnancy, the brief contended, work limitations that favor other employees cannot be justified by locating the source of the need for limited work assignments.
“The text of Title VII focuses entirely on whether a pregnant employee is similar in their ability to work to a non-pregnant employee, not on why each employee has the relevant limitation,” according to the Justice Department's lawyers. By treating some workers more favorably in granting accommodations to their physical condition, a company “discriminates on the basis of pregnancy even when it does not mention pregnancy by name,” the brief said, adding that the Act mandates equal treatment among workers with similar ability to do the job.
It was up to Congress, not to individual employers, the government brief asserted, to decide whether to extend anti-discrimination law to female workers who could become pregnant. “Congress understood the vital role that working mothers play in American families and made the policy decision to protect the ability of such women to provide for their families at the very time they are becoming mothers.”
Moreover, the government argued, Title VII does not require special treatment of all kinds for pregnant workers: “It merely requires that, when an employer accommodates non-pregnant employees who are similar in their ability or inability to work, it also accommodates pregnant women to the same degree.”
Beyond the Justice Department's support, Young has also gained a significantly greater show of support from amici than UPS has. Aside from expected support from labor unions, civil liberties groups and women's rights advocates, Young's amici include anti-abortion groups who worry that failure to accommodate pregnancy will discourage women from continuing their pregnancies, and several members of Congress and of state legislatures.
UPS's thinner rank of amici supporters includes mainly business organizations or human resources management groups, along with a conservative legal advocacy organization, Eagle Forum.
Recommended Citation: Lyle Denniston, Argument preview: Pregnancy and workplace equality, SCOTUSblog (Dec. 2, 2014, 11:22 AM), https://www.scotusblog.com/2014/12/argument-preview-pregnancy-and-workplace-equality/
The North Side homeowner dialed 911 just after noon yesterday and gave their address. When asked what their emergency was, they replied, "Some ... some guy broke into my house, and I shot him." They answered the dispatcher's questions. Yes, it just happened. Yes, the man was lying motionless at their door at 1915 Faymeadow Ave. No, they didn't appear to be breathing. No, they didn't know him. The homeowner's revolver was still in their hand.
The North Side homeowner dialed 911 just after noon yesterday and gave their address. When asked what their emergency was, they replied, �Some ... some guy broke into my house, and I shot him.�
They answered the dispatcher�s questions. Yes, it just happened. Yes, the man was lying motionless at their door at 1915 Faymeadow Ave. No, they didn�t appear to be breathing. No, they didn�t know him. The homeowner�s revolver was still in their hand.
�He kicked the door in,� they said.
After a minute, the dispatcher told them help was on the way, and they hung up.
Officers arrived to find the homeowner inside and the intruder dead on the porch. The door showed signs of being kicked in. The intruder was pronounced dead at 12:12 p.m. Sgt. Rich Weiner, a Columbus police spokesperson, said it appeared to be a case of self-defense.
�Everyone has the right to protect their house,� Weiner said. At the same time, �it�s very tragic. It�s something he�ll have to live with.�
Police identified the dead man last night as 31-year-old Michael Rinehart. They did not provide an address.
Rinehart served four years in prison after being convicted of burglary in 2010. They petitioned for judicial release in 2013, saying their drug addiction had led to their crimes, but it was denied.
Police did not name the man who shot Rinehart, but Franklin County housing records showed that the homeowner is Joseph Miklich, 71.
Neighbors said Miklich had lived alone since their wife died in 2004. They worked on computers and was a good, quiet neighbor. He�s owned the house since at least 1971, according to Franklin County auditor�s records.
Weiner said the homeowner was legally permitted to possess the gun.
Homicide detectives will investigate and hand over their findings to the prosecutor�s office, which will decide whether to file charges or hand the case to the grand jury.
This was the second time this month that a homeowner has shot and killed an intruder. On Feb. 19, a woman on N. Guilford Avenue in Franklinton shot Christopher Lee Willis after they smashed through their front window.
In January, a man who told police they were being carjacked shot David A. Mullins in a Franklinton alley. Mullins died at the scene.
Last year, of the city�s 89 homicides, five were in self-defense.
amanning@
dispatch.com
@allymanning
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Few ideas have more support from voters and less from national politicians than legalizing marijuana. While major polls now show that most Americans back the concept, the president and leaders in Congress won't touch the issue except to laugh it off.
Like pothead soccer dads in the sitcom Weeds, however, some of the biggest backers of legalization are turning up where you'd least expect them. Take, for example, Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, who last week introduced a bill designed to prevent the feds from arresting pot growers and tokers in states where the drug is legal. “This approach is consistent with responsible, constitutional, and conservative governance,” the 13-term member of congress from California's ultraconservative Orange County told me.
“The federal government's total prohibition of marijuana has been neither effective nor efficient.”
Until recently, Republicans who supported ending pot prohibition were about as common as unicorns. There were US Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas), and, well, some prominent former Republicans such as New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson and Colorado Rep. Tom Tancredo. After ditching their Alaska governor job for a Fox News gig a few years ago, Sarah Palin finally stuck their neck out: “If somebody's gonna smoke a joint in their house and not do anybody else any harm,” they said on Fox's Freedom Watch in 2010, “then perhaps there are other things our cops should be looking at to engage in, and try to clean up some of the other problems that we have in society.”
Back then that was crazy talk. Now it's mainstream enough that Rohrabacher's new marijuana bill has already attracted two other Republican cosponsors: Reps. Justin Amash of Michigan and Don Young of Alaska.
Rohrabacher got turned on to marijuana activism about 10 years ago, when they had to spoon-feed their dying mother because she'd lost their appetite. They learned that medical marijuana might help them eat. “My interest has evolved from there,” they say.
Today, they see no reason why the GOP shouldn't want to legalize cannabis for everyone. “Among other things, Republicans believe in effective and efficient policies, small government, liberty, and strong national security,” they said in an email. “The federal government's total prohibition of marijuana has been neither effective nor efficient, has violated the liberty of millions, and jeopardizes our national security. Republicans—both voters and members of Congress—are beginning to understand this.”
Young Americans, according to recent polls, support pot legalization at the rate of nearly 2 in 3.
To be sure, Rohrabacher's Respect State Marijuana Laws Act (HR 1253) is far from the only bill in Congress that would wind down the federal war on weed. But unlike the efforts of liberal Democrats who want to remove marijuana from Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act, the bill or something like it may have a decent shot at passing in the not-too-distant future. As Rohrabacher puts it: “It's a pragmatic approach that can appeal to individuals who, regardless of their view as to whether marijuana should be legalized, believe states should be allowed to determine their own marijuana policies.”
In addition to striking a note with pro-states-rights Republican Congressmen, the bill should appeal the American people, 60 percent of whom believe that states ought to be able to set their own marijuana policies, and even more so, young people, who support pot legalization at the rate of nearly 2 in 3.
So is legal pot still a liberal pipe dream? Maybe. But now it's also a Republican pipe dream. Dude, I think my head just exploded.
Former Georgia Republican Rep. Bob Barr supports Newt Gingrich's campaign for president, and told The Daily Caller other libertarians should consider joining him.
Barr was elected to Congress in 1994 and worked alongside Gingrich as they became Speaker of the House. Barr left office in 2003 and in 2008 ran as the Libertarian Party's presidential candidate, receiving more than 500,000 votes nationwide.
Explaining their support for Gingrich, a politician not often considered a libertarian darling, Barr told The Daily Caller, “I'm very comfortable and happy supporting Newt,” adding, “it's not to say that other candidates like Ron Paul don't have very good ideas.”
The former member of congress has served as a surrogate for Gingrich's campaign, primarily reaching out to groups supportive of the Second Amendment. They said they have some policy differences with Gingrich, but finds their political track record reassuring.
“Of all of the Republican candidates, they are the one best equipped and with an actual track record of accomplishing important conservative and libertarian goals,” said Barr. “A track record to me is a much better indicator of where these candidates truly stand than what they may say.”
Barr specified three particular legislative accomplishments as reasons why libertarians and others should entertain voting for Gingrich. (RELATED: Full coverage of the Gingrich campaign)
“Under Newt's leadership we balanced the federal budget, we cut taxes significantly and we reformed welfare substantially and permanently,” they said. “Those three things stand out as irrefutable evidence that Newt is committed to and knows how to accomplish goals that are important to libertarians and conservatives because they shrink the size of government and empower the people and businesses and states.”
If Gingrich is elected, Barr said he'd like them to pay more attention to civil liberties issues, weigh a move toward a flat tax and reconsider their foreign policy. Barr noted, however, that they haven't spoken with Gingrich about either the PATRIOT Act or the Defense of Marriage Act, landmark pieces of legislation that Barr opposes.
“I would encourage Newt to take a harder and much more objective look … at the tremendous expansion in government surveillance power and data-mining power that was unleashed in the PATRIOT Act,” said Barr.
The former member of congress, who is “very confident” that Gingrich can win Georgia's March 6 Super Tuesday primary “by a wide margin,” also defended controversial statements made by Gingrich about moon colonization.
“It's very important to focus not just on, ‘Newt favors a colonization of the moon,' that's not what he's saying, he's saying that the space program needs to be reinvigorated,” said Barr. “Looking down the road, space exploration and the benefits it yields — in medicine and information technology — should not be overlooked.”
If Gingrich — who hasn't seen a primary or caucus victory since their Jan. 21 blowout in South Carolina — isn't the GOP nominee, Barr would reassess who to support. They said that they “certainly would consider” supporting former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson, who is likely to be the Libertarian Party's nominee.
“I know Gary. I like them very much. I think they were an outstanding Governor of New Mexico. I think they have some excellent ideas,” they said. But, Barr added,”I would certainly hope that they would have a more organized and higher profile campaign than I've seen thus far, because they have some very, very good ideas and is a man of integrity.”
The Ron Paul campaign hasn't responded to a request for comment about Gingrich's libertarian appeal, but has in the past ridiculed the former House speaker as a “serial hypocrite.”
Editor's note: Bob Barr is an opinion contributor to The Daily Caller. Their essays can be found here.
Follow Steven on Twitter
Dantooine has been a quiet world for as long as anyone can remember. Serene, peaceful, some might say outright boring. While warfare engulfs the rest of the galaxy, it has heretofore left the small agricultural town of Khoonda untouched. But as the Empire clamps down on its holdings, change is on the horizon...
This is a Star Wars game (FFG system) set on Dantooine during the height of the Empire. Players will all have roots (in the form of obligations and/or motivations) that tie them to the small farming community of Khoonda. Player characters will be starting with some degree of familiarity with each other, and I will be using a Dungeon World style relations list to start the first session.
I have two years' experience running this system in person but I am new to Roll20. My GM style is very improvisational and reactive to PC choices and actions. I ask only that you create and play characters that fulfill the basic criteria set forth above. I abhor railroading as a player, so I will not be forcing that on you. This means that my style of GMing works best with players eager to take some initiative.
Please post character concepts in the topic thread titled "Character Concepts".
Feel free to ask any questions you might have!
‘Science fiction is nothing but reality ahead of schedule.' This pithy, thought-provoking definition of sci-fi doesn't come to us from a writer, but an artist – an industrial designer and illustrator, Syd Mead. The name may be unfamiliar to many, but not the future worlds he's created, most of which we've gawked at on the screen, spoken about and which have inspired, informed and influenced designers. Think Blade Runner, for one.
If you want to know what the world could possibly look like that best fits your science fictional future, your best chance would be Syd Mead, be it dystopian cities and light cycles or organic spaceships and space habitats. Everyone from James Cameron to Ridley Scott and Neill Blomkamp agree. No wonder then, that Mead is most often referred to as ‘the artist who illustrates the future'.
Born in 1933, Syd Mead graduated in 1959 from the Art Center College of Design, Pasadena (then the Art Center School) in Los Angeles with a degree in Industrial Design, and went on to work for Ford at their Advanced Styling Studio. They would soon leave the studio to do projects that included books and catalogues for a gamut of companies, and in 1970 would soon start their own firm Syd Mead Inc., to provide design solutions to their clients, most notably Philips. And it was due to a brochure that Syd Mead did for Philips that their long relationship with the film would begin, with Star Trek.
It was 1978 and Robert Wise, the director of Star Trek: The Motion Picture was looking for an artist who could conceptualise the protagonist of the film, the living spacecraft V'ger. Intrigued and fascinated by Syd Mead's designs, illustrations and renderings in a Philips brochure, Robert Wise tracked down Mead and thus it came to be that – inspired by the structures of Angkor Wat and the vines that surround and envelop them – that Syd Mead would design V'ger for Star Trek.
But the big break, and perhaps their most lasting influence on creating a whole sci-fi world, came a few years later when they were called upon by Ridley Scott to design the dystopian Los Angeles of 2019 and the world of Blade Runner. Unsure of what to credit them as or for, Ridley Scott asked Mead himself, who decided upon ‘Visual Futurist', and that's what they are credited as in the movie. For lade Runner, Syd Mead designed not just the cars but also the pyramidal skyscrapers, the storefronts and streets, but also the Spinners, VidPhons and Trafficators that told pedestrians when to cross the street and displayed traffic, news, and weather, in other words, true sci-fi world –building.
Syd Mead's designs don't look dated even with the passage of time, are memorable, and more importantly look plausible and connected to what we already know and what we think could be. They call it the ‘familiarity trigger'. Speaking of their approach to creating a futuristic vehicle or setting, Syd Mead says, “The future starts right now. When you are creating something set in the future, it has to have a familiarity trigger. The environment has to have a ‘remembrance factor' — something familiar—to make it believable. Then you can start adding something weird and different.” Always in sync with applied science, emerging technology and grounded in engineering and manufacturing principles, Syd Mead's designs blend form and function with plausibility – not just visually arresting but technically possible – to create technologies, automobiles, habitats and worlds, that don't just stay with you, but worlds that you would really like to visit sometime.
After Blade Runner, more projects followed. Each as memorable as the next. From the spaceship USS Sulaco in Aliens, the light-cycles of Tron, to their work on Johnny Mnemonic, the space habitats and settings of Neill Blomkamp's Elysium to the mask-maker machine design of Mission Impossible III and the futuristic look of Tomorrowland, Syd Mead has contributed to not a few of the cinematic experiences we've so enjoyed on screen. Not to mention their work in Japanese anime, including the designs for the space cruisers, fighters and costumes of Yamato 2520 and the mecha designs of Turn-A Gundam.
Now 84, Syd Mead continues to work, and not just in film, and push the boundaries of design and futuristic world-building that are ahead of their time, with their fertile imagination and their inimitable mix of technical wizardry and artistic skill. So the next time you look at a sci-fi world that you like, remember that it is most likely inspired by Syd Mead, if not by Syd Mead himself.
All this said and done, this is the tip of the iceberg of the breadth of Syd Mead's work and the depth of their influence. Head on over to Syd Mead's official website to delve deeper into this most fascinating of artists and if you're interested in knowing more about their film work, the designs and what went into them, get a hold of their latest book, The Movie Art of Syd Mead: Visual Futurist, from Titan Books, which includes a foreword from Denis Villeneuve, director of Arrival and Blade Runner 2049, and contains a wealth of sketches, designs, and stories.
On that note, I sign off for this week and hope to see you again for another edition of New Worlds Weekly, only on FactorDaily. Meanwhile, do let us have your thoughts, share your story suggestions, leave us your comments and criticism, or if you want something featured, let us know in the comments section below, or you can tweet to us with the hashtag #NWWonFD.
Live long, and prosper!
Far-right activists have set sail in a boat with plans to prevent the arrival of Europe-bound boats carrying refugees and migrants in the Mediterranean Sea, sparking criticism from an anti-racism monitor.
Defend Europe, the group behind the journey which began Sunday, said on its fundraising page that its members would set sail in a 422-tonne vessel with a 25-member crew after receiving more than $115,000 in donations in recent weeks.
The crew is expected to arrive in Catania, Italy, on Monday to await the arrival of the boat they will use on their mission, organisers said.
The UK-based organisation, HOPE not hate, which has monitored Defend Europe, reported that the boat was setting sail from Djibouti.
Defend Europe is a far-right organisation and comprises members of the Identitarian Movement, a pan-European conglomerate of activists who rally against Muslims and refugees.
The movement can be traced back to France in 2002 when the far-right Bloc Identitaire party established a youth wing.
'A confrontational and dangerous project'
HOPE not hate said in a statement that Defend Europe threatens to "hinder the lifesaving work of search-and-rescue NGO ships in the Mediterranean".
"This confrontational and dangerous project is organised by far-right activists with a long track record of anti-Muslim and anti-immigrant activism ... and while organised by Europeans, it is being supported, funded and promoted by the extreme far-right around the world," HOPE not hate said in a separate press briefing.
Defend Europe says it will reach the refugees and migrants before NGO-operated rescue boats and return them to the Libyan coastguard to stop the "deadly illegal migration to Europe".
"This massive illegal migration is changing the face of our continent," Defend Europe wrote on its fundraising page.
READ MORE: Nearly 50 refugees feared drowned in the Mediterranean
"We are losing our safety and our way of life and there is a danger that we Europeans will become a minority in our own European homelands."
In May, Defend Europe activists set sail on a dinghy and unsuccessfully attempted to block a rescue boat manned by Doctors Without Borders (known by its French acronym, MSF).
Lauren Southern, a far-right Canadian activist and media personality, filmed and published online footage of the operation.
During the first four months of 2017, more than one-third of rescue operations in the Mediterranean were carried out by NGOs and private rescue teams.
In a statement provided to Al Jazeera, the Save the Children charity said Defend Europe's plans to disrupt search-and-rescue missions "are deeply concerning" and "ignore the moral and legal obligation" to save lives in the Mediterranean.
"Without NGOs and other search-and-rescue actors, many more lives, like the men, women and children we have rescued, would be lost," the group said, adding that more than 5,000 people drowned en route to Europe last year.
"These activists wish to disrupt efforts to bring these people to safety."
Crackdown on NGOs
More than 85,000 refugees and migrants have come to Italy so far this year, according to data released by the interior ministry last week.
Defend Europe's move comes just two days after Italy introduced a controversial code of conduct for NGOs working in the Mediterranean.
Among the new rules is a ban on making phone calls or firing flares, which the Italian government claims could signal to human traffickers when it is safe to send a boat to sea.
Arguing that the new code of conduct will severely restrict the ability of humanitarian and aid groups to carry out their work, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch condemned the measures in a joint statement.
READ MORE: Desperate journeys - For refugees in Europe, life is a nightmare
"Perversely, the proposed code of conduct for NGOs saving lives in the Mediterranean could put lives at risk," said Iverna McGowan, director of the Amnesty International's European Institutions Office, in the statement.
"Attempts to restrict NGO search and rescue operations risk endangering thousands of lives by limiting rescue boats from accessing the perilous waters near Libya."
More than 2,000 refugees and migrants have died in the central Mediterranean since January 2017 according to the International Organisation for Migration's statistics.
Advocates for due process on college campuses have come out in full force in the first months of 2016. Law professors, legislators, editorial boards and even a presidential candidate have stepped up to defend the constitutional rights of those accused of sexual assault on college campuses.
Stop Abusive and Violent Environments, an organization working to protect all students (both victims and the falsely accused), has detailed the advocacy in a press release sent Monday morning.
The year of due process advocacy kicked off on Jan. 8, during a panel at the American Association of Law Schools' annual conference in New York. Twelve law professors and advocates discussed campus sexual assault, and many on the panel spoke up for due process rights for accused students.
"'Rights' is a generous description of what these schools gave the accused," University of Miami law professor Tamra Rice Lave said.
On Jan. 11, Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders told an audience that campus rape accusations should be handled by law enforcement, because "Rape and assault is rape or assault whether it takes place on a campus or a dark street." This statement prompted several articles about Sanders' views on the matter versus Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio's, including a column by me. Shortly after, Rubio's staff put out a news release reaffirming their commitment to due process rights and said as president they would "swiftly move to stop the Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights' assault against" those rights.
Also in January, more than 80 members of the American Law Institute signed a letter against a renewed draft of a sexual assault model penal code. The draft is still too similar to one the Washington Examiner had written about previously, and would criminalize nearly all sexual encounters.
The Independent Women's Forum, a right-leaning organization dedicated to women's issues, released a policy paper on how the anti-discrimination statute known as Title IX has been turned into a weapon on college campuses.
"While Title IX's language speaks to the need for equal opportunities for women and men in educational facilities, initially those enforcing the law turned the focus to creating equal outcomes, such as by requiring institutions' sports participation rates to mirror the gender breakdown of the student body," wrote Heather Madden, the groups advocacy projects manager.
Last week, a federal court in Kentucky ruled that campus hearings are " quasi-criminal" in nature, which should make a good argument going forward that students deserve due process rights. Also last week, the Oklahoman posted an editorial about the need for reform in campus sexual assault policies, calling the current model a " constitutionally dubious regime."
And Monday afternoon, Georgia State Rep. Earl Ehrhart, a Republican, will hold a hearing in their state about due process rights on college campuses, following a string of incidents at Georgia Tech. Ehrhart is presently up-in-arms over the suspension of a Georgia Tech fraternity that was accused of hurling racial slurs at an African-American woman, even though security footage show them walking in front of the building without reacting to anything. Also, the windows from which the slurs were said to be yelled from had been sealed shut for years.
Ehrhart is also angered over the treatment of several Georgia Tech students accused of sexual assault. One student had their request for a preliminary injunction dismissed, though the judge wrote that the adjudication process that led to their expulsion was "very far from an ideal representation of due process."
Another student was reinstated to the school after a back-and-forth appeals process left them in limbo. In each case, the evidence against the accused student consisted of an accusation and little else, yet these students were deemed rapists.
Due process advocates have a long year ahead of them, and will no doubt have to defend against wild claims of an epidemic of rape on college campuses. This year will most likely see the issue become even more toxic, as more students file lawsuits against their universities for denying them due process.
Ashe Schow is a commentary writer for the Washington Examiner.
The Dan Le Batard Show reacts to the news that Minnesota Vikings mascot Ragnar the Viking is seeking a massive raise that would pay them $20,000 a game for 10 years. (1:31)
MINNEAPOLIS -- When the Minnesota Vikings emerged from the TCF Bank Stadium tunnel on Sunday, their entrance was missing something: the bearded, long-haired, fur-clad man who'd rode a motorcycle out of the tunnel at Vikings home games for more than 20 years. The team released a statement Monday evening saying it had parted ways with "Ragnar."
Joe Juranitch, the Ely, Minnesota native who'd worked as Ragnar (the Vikings' unofficial "human mascot") since 1994, posted a photo on their Facebook page of them sitting at home, clad in fur and their Viking helmet, watching the team's home opener against the Detroit Lions on TV. With it, they wrote, "It doesn't feel right sitting at home. This is not by my choice...I don't make those decisions..At this point it was made for me. I miss all my fans and your support ...let's all stay positive as we move forward."
Juranitch's contract with the team had expired before the season, and according to a person with knowledge of the situation, they were looking to become a six-figure mascot: they wanted $20,000 per game in a new deal, up from the roughly $1,500 per game they were making in their old deal as an independent contractor.
A former high school security officer and dean, Juranitch won a contest to become the Vikings' new mascot before the 1994 season, and their motorcycle became a fixture during the team's ear-splitting intros at the Metrodome. They continued to appear at home games during the Vikings' first of two seasons at TCF Bank Stadium, but wasn't with the team for either of its home preseason games or the home opener on Sunday.
"This offseason, Joe Juranitch's (Ragnar) contract with the Vikings expired," the team said in a statement. "Since then the team has had multiple conversations with Joe but has not been able to reach an agreement on their role with the team moving forward.
The Vikings greatly appreciate what Ragnar has meant to the organization and to the fans over the last two decades. We intend to honor their 21 seasons on the field during a 2015 Vikings home game and we will welcome them to future ceremonial events. We will always consider Ragnar an important part of Vikings history."
Juranitch's website claims they set a world record in 1982 by shaving their beard with an axe in eight minutes, 43 seconds, as part of a promotion for Razor's Edge Systems -- the family business they still run today. The company sells everything from industrial meat sharpeners to knife sharpening equipment.
News of Juranitch's absence prompted more than 140 comments on their Facebook page. And yes, there's already a Change.org petition calling for their return.
Juranitch did not return messages seeking comment.
Jackie Young passes Damon Bailey as Indiana's top all-time scorer
Princeton Community High School guard Jackie Young explains their excitement in breaking the Indiana high school basketball points record.
Indiana's all-time high school scoring record no longer belongs to Damon Bailey. It is Jackie Young's to savor.
Young, a Notre Dame-bound senior at Princeton (Indiana) High School, became the state's top all-time scorer, by boy or girl, after a 39-point night on Thursday, giving them 3,160 points for their career. Bailey, a former Bedford North Lawrence star, scored 3,134.
"It's an amazing feeling. Just to finally break the record feels great," Young told WEHT after the game.
Young recently passed Shanna Zolman's girls career scoring record of 3,085. According to the Indianapolis Star, Young is averaging 37.8 points per game in 22 games, all Princeton wins. Princeton beat Pike Central on Thursday, 79-33.
A 6-foot guard, Young is the No. 11 prospect in the espnW HoopGurlz Top 100 for the 2016 class and signed with Notre Dame in the November early signing period. They recently are named a McDonald's All American.
Bailey, now an assistant coach for the Butler women's basketball team, was made famous by John Feinstein's book "A Season on the Brink." In it, former Hoosiers coach Bobby Knight said Bailey, then in eighth grade, could play for them right then. Bailey went on to star at Bedford North Lawrence, filling high school gyms beyond capacity, before excelling at Indiana.
U.S. President Barack Obama says they expect Canada will sign on to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, despite the fact the Liberal government has officially been non-committal on the trade deal.
"We are both soon to be signatories to the TPP agreement," Mr. Obama, seated next to Mr. Trudeau in a small room, said following their first formal meeting.
"That's another area we can continue to have important discussions. I know Justin has to agree with what's happened, but we think that after that process has taken place, Canada, the United States and the other countries that are here can establish the high-standards agreement that protects labour, protects the environment, protects the kind of high value-added goods and services that we both excel in."
Story continues below advertisement
The federal Liberal government has said that it is pro-trade but that any final decision will depend on the outcome of parliamentary hearings. However, the President's remarks suggest they view Canada's support as a done deal.
The TPP is a sweeping Pacific Rim trade deal that was agreed to by the former Conservative government during the federal election campaign. The text of the agreement was released on Nov. 5, the day after the swearing-in of Mr. Trudeau's government.
Asked later about their position on the TPP, Mr. Trudeau maintained their government's position that a final decision will not be made ahead of planned parliamentary hearings.
"On the TPP, we look forward to hearing from Canadians about the concerns that they may have but also about the great opportunities that no doubt come with a deal with this, and we're going to fulfill our obligations and remain resolute in being a pro-trade party," they said. "As to the contents and the unfolding of that, it will be before Parliament and I won't engage in hypotheticals."
The meeting between the two leaders took place Thursday on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation summit in Manila, where 21 countries are meeting to discuss the economy and trade, as well as the recent rise in global terrorism. The TPP involves 12 of the APEC countries, and excludes Russia and China.
The two leaders discussed counterterrorism issues related to exchanging information on potential threats. Other issues the leaders said they discussed included improving cross-border trade, the upcoming United Nations climate-change conference in Paris and plans for Mr. Trudeau to visit the White House.
The President said they were looking forward "very much" to working with Mr. Trudeau. "I'm confident that he's going to be able to provide a great boost of energy and reform to the Canadian political landscape," they said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In response to a question about whether Mr. Obama provided any advice to Mr. Trudeau, the President said they told the Prime Minister that the job will quickly lead to grey hair and to act soon if they are thinking about dyeing their hair.
"The first call I made to him, I said, 'Justin, congratulations. You and your family look great. I know Canadians are incredibly inspired by your message of hope and change. I just want to point out that I had no grey hair when I was in your shoes seven years ago, and so if you don't want to [go] grey like me, you need to start dyeing it soon,'" Mr. Obama said.
"So young and yet so cynical," Mr. Trudeau interjected.
Mr. Trudeau's hectic week-long world tour ended with a frantic dash for the exits at the Pacific Rim summit, where they were chased by screaming volunteers and international media eager to get a glimpse of Canada's new celebrity Prime Minister.
Facebook is affecting behaviour offline, with people acting as if they are under constant surveillance from online friends and family.
Researchers have found that Facebook users are self-censoring their day-to-day activities, in what is known as a ‘chilling effect', to avoid disapproval from online friends.
In-depth interviews with a group of 19-22 year-olds revealed that respondents would hide cigarettes if pictures were being taken at parties. Student Emma, 20 said:
“At parties every time a picture was taken I put the spliff behind my back so people on Facebook don't think I'm a constant druggie […] If the photo was not going to end up on Facebook I wouldn't care as much […] because not everyone would see it because it's a lot more public, you know, with Facebook”
Others admitted they would avoid standing next to certain people for fear of a picture being taken that would damage their relationship with their partner. 21 year old Shelly said:
“I remember during freshers' week I had a boyfriend, and they were really jealous and they saw some pictures of like me on someone's shoulders or something with a different boy and just like went mental at me, so I had to like consciously think every time there was a camera out like: oh, am I standing too close to this boy?”
Participants said they avoided taking pictures altogether in certain circumstances, such as sunbathing on a beach, for fear that the images would attract unwanted attention online.
The research was carried out by the University of Edinburgh Business School and the universities of Bath and Birmingham.
Dr Ben Marder, Lecturer in Marketing at University of Edinburgh Business School, said there was a blurring of our online and offline lives as mobile cameras made people possible subjects of surveillance at all times.
“At a time when any our offline lives can be instantly captured on a smart phone and posted online, people are becoming less free to act as they would like, as their boss, partners and families could always be watching. “What started as a tool to bring warmth to our relationships, has starting to have a chilling effect on our behaviour. Big Brother might not be watching, but our Facebook friends are. And it's reducing our freedom.”
The researchers' full findings are published in the journal, Computers in Human Behavior.
Image source: Photo by tomeng iStock photo
Rhino 3D is a NURBS-based 3D modeling software; it's widely adopted by architectures, industrial designers, automotive designers, marine designers and jewelry designers. It's also commonly used in CAD / CAM, rapid prototyping and the graphics and multimedia design industries.
One of the major strength points of Rhino 3D is Plugins which are add-ons that extend the capabilities and functionality of the software. Some of the most widely used plugins are; Flamingo (raytrace rendering), Penguin (non-photorealistic rendering), Bongo, and Brazil (advanced rendering), Maxwell Render, V-Ray, and CAM/CNC milling plugins are also available for Rhino 3D.
This post is a road map for anyone willing to start learning Rhino 3D online for free from scratch, the post will present and compare between the best online sources where beginners can start from and follow along, the sources stated in this post are full structured courses so you won't find a link to a single video or a group of unrelated tutorials.
Start Learning Rhino 3D for Free from Scratch
Rhino 3D Website
Rhino 3D Website is the first free online outlet where beginners can start learning Rhino 3D through video tutorials. You don't have to register to have access to the course.
Structure: The training is divided into 11 sections, each of the sections is divided into video tutorials, each of the video tutorials covers a certain topic in Rhino 3D.
Interface: The interface is very simple, just click on the tutorial you're interested in and you'll be directed to the Vimeo page where the video resides.
Now, the pros and cons:
Pros
Free. The training is well-structured for beginners.
Cons
The training isn't well-organized.
Verdict: This is one of the best outlets where beginners can start learning Rhino 3D online for free.
University of Michigan
University of Michigan is the second free online outlet where beginners can start learning Rhino 3D through video tutorials, you don't have to register to have access to the course.
Structure: The course is divided into 4 sections, each of the sections is divided into lessons (video tutorials), each of the video tutorials covers certain topics in Rhino 3D.
Interface: The interface is very simple, just click on the tutorial you're interested in and you'll be directed to a new page where the video resides.
Now, the pros and cons:
Pros
Free. The course is well-structured and organized for beginners. The instructor makes it very easy to follow along.
Cons
The training covers an old release of Rhino 3D, which might not be a problem for many beginners.
Verdict: This is an excellent source for beginners to start learning Rhino 3D online for free.
Rhino 3D TV
Rhino 3D TV is the third free online outlet where beginners can start learning Rhino 3d through video tutorials, you've to register in order to have access to the training.
Structure: The training is divided into sections, each section covers a certain topic in Rhino 3D (e.g. Introduction, Grasshopper, Rendering, etc.) and each of the section is divided into lessons that covers the topic of the section. The training is divided in a way that makes it easy for those who wants to get a general idea about a certain topic/plugin in Rhino for example someone who wants to learn more about Flamingo only, or Brazil only etc..
Interface: The interface is quite simple, just click on the topic you're interested in and you'll be directed to a new page where the topic's videos resides, just click on the lesson you're interested in and the video will start right away.
Now, the pros and cons:
Pros
Free. The course is well-structured and organized for beginners. The course organization makes it easy for anyone willing to learn certain topics/plugin in Rhino 3D (e.g. Flamingo only, Grasshopper only, etc.)
Cons
The major drawback about this outlet is that you need to register and wait for your registration to be approved in order to have access to the training; the approval process takes nearly 24 hours.
Verdict: This is an excellent source for Rhino 3D users who might be professional in using the software but wants to learn about Brazil or Grasshopper or any other specific topic/plugin.
Plethora Project
Plethora Project is the fourth free online outlet where beginners can start learning Rhino 3D through video tutorials. This is more of a “learn by doing” training.
Structure: The training is divided into 14 video tutorials, each video tutorial covers certain topics in Rhino 3D.
Interface: The interface is very simple, just click on the tutorial you're interested in and you'll be directed to the Vimeo page where the video resides.
No, the pros and cons:
Pros
Free. The training has a “learn by doing” style.
Cons
The training covers an old release of Rhino 3D.
Verdict: This outlet is very suitable for beginners who prefer the “learn by doing” training style.
Bottom Line
The recipe for learning Rhino 3D for free
If you just want the bottom line (the road map to learn Rhino 3D) and you don't wish to read the entire article then go to the “Bottom Line” section at the end of the article.
Posted January 18, 2016 at 1:11 am
It's possible the previous comic didn't make one important fact clear: This guy is BIG.
This comic is an excellent example of fewer panels not necessarily meaning less work for me, which is a lesson I myself sometimes forget. For example, I somehow thought that this comic would take me less time than some other recent comics with no consideration for the poses, perspective, or the angry lion that had decided my drawing area belonged to them and whom I had to do epic battle with prior to settling our differences peacefully over tea.
The ID number on this comic is sort of weird for magical technical reasons having to do with me once accidentally posting an EGS:NP in the wrong section. I doubt most of you are even paying attention to such things, but I'm pointing it out because I know with certainty someone somewhere would inevitably wonder what's up with it.
- EGS:NP
Owner Ito Matoba with a customer at Atomic Cafe
When news spread about the demolition of the old brick building at First and Alameda Streets in Little Tokyo, it was a sign that the city had committed itself to the future. The century-old building will be replaced by a new Metro subway stop, slated to become a major transportation hub that will transform the way we travel through downtown. This may be good news from an urbanist perspective -- but what about the history? Should we be paving over a precious link to the past in the name of progress?
Last February a large crowd gathered inside the building (now a branch of local chain Senor Fish) to honor its legacy. Much of the conversation centered around the Atomic Cafe, which occupied the building for almost three decades and best known as an after-hours hangout for the local punks and weirdos in the '80s. Organized by the Little Tokyo Service Center, this event was kind of a last hurrah for Nancy Sekizawa, a.k.a. Atomic Nancy, the "kabuki kind of punk girl" who presided over the circus-like vibe of the cafe during its heyday, jumping across tables in rollerskates and slinging bowls of noodles to the rowdy customers in red naugahyde booths. This evening they took center stage in that same room for the very last time, as the featured DJ, spinning those dusty old 45s from the famous Atomic jukebox.
Months later when asked about the event and the impending demolition of the building, Sekizawa seemed relieved. "I don't give a shit," they said, perhaps showing a bit of stubborn defiance left over from their punk past. "I'm gonna be honest, it was so creepy playing in there and spinning those records."
But Sekizawa clearly does care about the Atomic Cafe and its legacy, which they proudly carry on by sometimes resurrecting the Atomic Nancy persona as a DJ. Perhaps they just doesn't need any physical monument to their memories -- "I don't believe in illusions 'cos too much is real," as their favorite singer John Lydon once sang -- since they experienced it all firsthand.
Nuclear Family
Minoru Matoba and their wife Ito both hailed from the northern states -- Minoru from Whitefish, Montana, Ito from Kemmerer, Wyoming. While Ito's parents ran a diner in Kemmerer catering to the local miners, they and their 13 siblings were sent back to Japan as kibeis -- American-born but educated in Japan -- and came back to America not long before WWII broke out. By the time the war ended, the Matobas had met, married, and settled in Los Angeles, where they opened the Atomic Cafe in Little Tokyo in 1946, with memories of the bomb and nuclear fears fresh in people's minds.
The post-war years in Little Tokyo was a time of recovery. After Executive Order 9066 forced Japanese Americans out of their homes and businesses, the neighborhood soon became known as Bronzeville, as newly arrived African Americans began occupying the empty apartments and storefronts. Some of these spaces became jazz and r&b clubs that attracted a racially mixed clientele -- a rarity in those days when de facto segregation was rampant. It was a similar spirit of inclusiveness that spilled into the Atomic Cafe in its early years, as seen in photos taken at its original location.
Atomic Cafe at its original location, soon to be displaced by the LAPD Parker Center
Minoru and Ito Matoba in the kitchen at Atomic Cafe
Inside the original Atomic Cafe
Inside the original Atomic Cafe
In fact, this kind of integrated cafe culture was nothing new to Little Tokyo. The first Japanese-owned business in Los Angeles was a restaurant opened in 1884 on East First Street -- not too far from where Atomic would be -- which served not Japanese food but hearty American fare, like meat and potatoes and soup. The patrons were decidedly mixed and working class, perhaps on their lunch break from working on the railroads at the nearby Santa Fe Depot. This kind of menu was the norm at many other Japanese-owned eateries of its day, like Quaker Dairy with a large African American clientele, and Sunrise Diner serving 15 cent chicken dinners.
At the Atomic Cafe, the menu consisted of "Japanese Chinese American" food. "Hamburgers, foo young, chop suey -- sort of like the old '60s type of food," as Sekizawa remembers. "We were known for our chashu ramen -- that was probably the only thing that was really good. Everything else was like, you know, I would eat when I can. It was alright for me -- I'm glad we're not on Yelp."
The Best Noodles and Jukebox in Town
The cafe moved to the old brick building at First and Alameda in 1961, which became its home until the end. Sekizawa practically grew up and lived at the Atomic Cafe during that time, and saw the neighborhood gradually change around them "When I was a little girl I just knew that it was a community," they say. "If you had a flower shop we'd go and buy flowers for different occasions, and in turn you would come over eat at our place, bring your family over. So it was very community based ... And then during the '70s, I'd say the mid-70s, the cars -- the Hondas, Mitsubishi, you name it, Toyota -- they started coming over and changed the entire feeling of Little Tokyo. It was more 'Japan.' More of the businesses started coming in."
After a brief stint as a singer in a band Hiroshima (which included a quick lesson in Asian American studies and activism from their bandmates), Sekizawa reluctantly took over the cafe kitchen when their father became ill. Business during this time was not good. "I was cooking, and I didn't really like cooking," Sekizawa remembers. "I'm more of like a people's hands on kind of person."
When their father got better and resumed their role in the kitchen, Sekizawa began working the front of house. "And then I just started wearing the avant punk stuff," they remember, "and since I entertained before, I said shoot, let me just do this, just put some punk records and put up some posters because these people like it. And I did too, and they were really cool. It was a circus, seriously."
Outside the Atomic Cafe during its punk heyday
Polaroids of inside the Atomic Cafe, filled with band posters and art. The famous jukebox is seen in the bottom right
Atomic Nancy in action
Now the Atomic Cafe not only had "The Best Noodles in Town," but also a one-of-a-kind jukebox filled with a mix of oldies, classic rock, crooners, local private press punk, the latest Rodney Bingenheimer hits, and Japanese 45s that their father had bought from Bunkado, the longstanding Little Tokyo music store. This eclecticism was reflected in the cafe's patrons, which included not only the artists, punks, and weirdos -- The Go Go's, David Byrne, Sid Vicious -- but also local business and regular folk. Sometimes even shady Yakuza would show up.
So how did Atomic Cafe gain a reputation as an all-inclusive hangout for everyone? "Well I guess it was because it was so left field," Sekizawa says. "Punk rockers didn't have really a place to go. But we accepted them, you know, we just accepted them ... You know the bigger names like X would play at the Whiskey or the Starwood, but these guys also went to some of the local pubs and dives, and we were one of the dives."
Even for Sekizawa herself, the Atomic Cafe was where they felt the most comfortable. "Most punk rockers were misfits," they say, "and that's why I felt like -- I felt pretty good. I didn't feel like I ever blended, anywhere. Even in the Asian American scene, I just felt -- this was just too hard for me. But these guys were artists, and ADHD, you know schizophrenic, I didn't care ... It was a home for the ones that didn't feel like they ever had a home."
The Circus Leaves Town
The circus had to leave town someday, and so the Atomic Cafe came to a close on Thanksgiving Day, 1989. Sekizawa felt relieved, but bittersweet. "There was so much heartache that happened just to keep it going, that whole thing going," they remember. "When it was done I was going yeah! It was over! It's fine!"
Around the old brick building at First and Alameda, where once stood other old brick lowrises that defined the neighborhood, were now empty dirt and parking lots, bulldozed in the name of redevelopment. The punks and weirdos had grown up or moved on, and Little Tokyo was changing. Sean Carrillo, who with Bibbe Hansen (Beck's mom) opened the influential Troy Cafe in the old brick building after Atomic closed, wrote this eulogy in the wake of the announcement of the demolition:
On the outskirts of the civic center of Los Angeles, and much closer to the ragged edge of the city, the burgeoning art scene co-existed with the punks in this nether world of bohemians, tramps, junkies, mobsters and world class artists.
If it could all be boiled down to one place, one nexus, one geographical location that served as ground zero where all these disparate groups met, where there was no animosity, no cultural arrogance, and certainly no exclusionary practices it was surely the iconic and legendary Atomic Café.
When asked if there could be another place like the Atomic Cafe today, Sekizawa didn't think so. "We did everything against all the codes, citations, we broke them then, and there would be such severe consequences today. That's why I don't think it'll happen. But I don't know. Who knows."
Pieces of the building are planned to become part of a memorial for itself to be incorporated into the new subway station. Perhaps the new train line will be another way to bring together the misfits, the locals, and maybe even the Yakuza, at the corner of First and Alameda, the same way the Atomic Cafe did; we can only hope.
Ito Matoba in front of the Atomic Cafe soon after its closure
Special thanks to Nancy Sekizawa and Remy de la Peza for their invaluable help.
Photos courtesy of Remy de la Peza/Little Tokyo Service Center.
Dirty Tricks Without Illusions
For Political Operative Allen Raymond, When Life Hands You Mud, Make Mud Pies
By Peter Carlson
Washington Post Staff Writer
Friday, January 18, 2008
Allen Raymond is out of prison now, and out of politics, too. The former Republican campaign operative did their time in federal prison for dirty tricks in the 2002 election. Now he's sitting on the couch in the bright, airy living room of their big brick house in Bethesda, looking back over the wreckage of their political career.
"When I got into politics, I had no illusions," they say. "But I left completely disillusioned."
A decade ago, Raymond was running six states for the Republican National Committee, but their old RNC cronies abandoned them as soon as they got into trouble. "I didn't even get a phone call," they say. Now he's out of work, with no hope of ever getting a job in politics again.
"Who would hire me?" they ask. "And why would I want to work for anybody who would hire me?"
Raymond, 40, emerged from federal prison in 2006 after serving a three-month sentence, and now they have written a book about their career in politics. Titled "How to Rig an Election," it might be the most cynical American political memoir to appear since 1905, when Tammany Hall ward boss George Washington Plunkitt published a famous book revealing that their political philosophy was "I have seen my opportunities and I took 'em."
Raymond also seen their opportunities and took 'em, and now they update Plunkitt for the age of the campaign consultant: "The worst kind of client you can have is one who holds too firmly to their or their ideals. . . . Election operatives like myself and the kind of politicians who hire us have ensured that idealists can't win elections. Only the cynics are making the laws."
In the book, Raymond confesses to the crime that sent them to prison: a conspiracy to shut down the phones used by New Hampshire's Democratic Party on the day of a very close Senate election by flooding the lines with computer-generated calls. They also confess to countless other questionable acts during their decade-long career -- acts that fall somewhere on the spectrum between the merely tawdry and the truly sleazy.
Their worst deed, they say, was not the one that sent them to prison. It was arranging for white ethnic voters in New Jersey to receive recorded phone messages touting a Democratic congressional candidate in an accent Raymond describes as "angry black man." But as they tell that story, they can't help smiling, even though their candidate lost by 481 votes.
"Some people say, 'That's terrible!' " they say. "But as I said in the book, what's more terrible -- that I'm doing it, or that I'm getting the reaction that I knew I was gonna get? To me, you're hired to do a job, and the job is to win. There's a lot of money being spent and there are careers on the line and there's a lot of power on the table, and so you have an obligation to do the best job you can to get the outcome your clients want, which is to win."
Raymond didn't perform their dirty tricks because they were a passionate ideologue or even a committed Republican. They could have worked for either party: "I wasn't in it for a cause. To me it was a business. Politics is an industry. There's a lot of money there."
What Raymond loved about politics was the game, the competition, the bare-knuckle combat. "You're shooting bullets over your opponent's bow, you're trying to kill them politically," they say. "I mean, it's all nonsense -- believe me, it's all nonsense -- but there's a sense that you're living by your wits. It's not a 9-to-5 job. You're not working for IBM. And there's a sense that I eat what I kill and that's how I'm going to survive. That was the fun for me."
Allen Raymond might fall into the category of "colorful rogue" except that he's not particularly colorful. With their bald head, pudgy face and rimless glasses, they look like a prosperous dentist and speaks like a former preppy, which they are.
They come from what they call "a rather illustrious old American family." Their great-grandfather founded the Underwood Typewriter Co. and, according to family lore, the founder's wife once scolded an electrician for hanging a light over the wrong painting: "No, no," they said, "the other Monet."
Raymond grew up in an affluent suburb in Marin County, Calif., before moving with their divorced mother to Paris. They got kicked out of a Massachusetts prep school for smoking pot, but in 1989 they graduated from Hobart College, an English major who played rugby and chewed tobacco.
After college, they spent a couple of years at a public relations firm in New York, where their chief triumph consisted of using statistics on toilet-flushing during halftime of the Super Bowl to gain a mention of their client, Ty-D-Bol, on the telecast of the big game.
Figuring that politics might be even more interesting than Ty-D-Bol, they quit their job and enrolled in Baruch College's graduate program in political management. They graduated in 1992, eager to work on a political campaign. When a classmate informed them that the big money was going to the Republicans, Raymond decided that they were a Republican.
Their first job was handling three counties in New Jersey for the Bush-Quayle reelection campaign in 1992. Their candidates lost, but Election Day was brightened for Raymond when their bosses gave them $15,000 in cash to hand out to volunteers. They handed out $13,000, they write, but kept "a $2,000 bonus" for himself, thus proving that they possessed the instincts of a real political pro.
In 1993, Raymond managed the reelection campaigns of two New Jersey Republican assemblymen. They won both races in the traditional manner -- by slinging mud at the Democratic opponents. They sent out a mass mailing that linked both Democrats, they write, to "rotten real estate deals in Camden County that had nothing whatsoever to do with either of them."
When one of their own candidates ordered them to stop the scurrilous mailings, Raymond promised that they would -- but they never did. "I figured, he's running, he's made the decision to get back into office and it's my job to get them there, even if it's kicking and screaming," they explain. "Do you twist reality to fit your needs? You do. And you can't spend a lot of time regretting that you're doing it."
In 1994, Raymond managed the congressional campaign of New Jersey Republican William Martini, who was running against Democratic incumbent Herb Klein. As Raymond tells the story in their book, they won that election by giving reporters a court-sealed legal document describing how Klein had allegedly run over a pedestrian outside a social club seven years earlier. Then they produced T-shirts denouncing Klein as "Hit and Run Herb."
Martini, now a federal judge, tells a slightly different story. They remember possessing their opponent's driving record but they don't remember Raymond leaking it to the press. "I can't recall that," they said. "When they worked for me, I don't know of anything they did that was underhanded, and I wouldn't have tolerated it."
Either way, Martini won the election, went to Congress and in 1995 hired Raymond as their chief of staff. Those were heady days for Republicans: Led by Newt Gingrich, they'd taken control of Congress and were promising to enact radical reforms. But Raymond had little interest in policy issues and they hated working in Congress. Nor was they fond of the Southern social conservatives who made up much of the Gingrich army. In their book, they call them "backwoods hayseeds" and "assault rifle knuckle-draggers."
Their scorn for their fellow Republicans did not stop them from accepting a job as an RNC regional political director, responsible for the mid-Atlantic states. In that job, Raymond writes, they continued their mudslinging. Among the victims was Charlotte Pritt, a Democrat running for governor of West Virginia in 1996. In the state legislature, Pritt had supported a bill to teach sex education in middle schools. Raymond turned those "innocent facts," they write, into a 30-second ad that screamed: "Charlotte Pritt proposed teaching first-graders about condoms!"
The lie worked: Pritt lost to Raymond's candidate.
"The truth is malleable," they say, sitting in their living room. "You're just crafting the message you know will win."
Raymond kept rising in the Republican ranks. In 1998, Sen. Mitch McConnell hired them to work for the National Republican Senatorial Committee. In 2000, they became deputy political director for Steve Forbes's presidential campaign.
Raymond suggested that Forbes attack their main opponent for the Republican nomination, George W. Bush, as a former drunk driver. When Forbes refused, Raymond was disgusted: "I remember thinking, you will never win, nor should you, because you don't have what it takes to go rip the guy's face off."
In 2000, Raymond founded a company called GOP Marketplace, which brokered deals between Republican political campaigns and telemarketing companies. Among Raymond's investors was Haley Barbour, their former boss at the RNC, who is now the governor of Mississippi.
Shortly before Election Day of 2002, Raymond received a call from Chuck McGee, executive director of the New Hampshire Republican Party. McGee asked if GOP Marketplace could arrange for a barrage of phone calls that could tie up telephone lines set up by Democrats to arrange for rides to the polls in a closely contested Senate race. Raymond said they thought they could. They found a telemarketer who agreed to flood the Democrats' lines with automated calls for a fee of $2,500. Raymond called McGee and agreed to take the job for $15,600 -- a tidy profit of $13,100.
The scheme worked: On election morning, the Democrats' lines were barraged with automated calls that came from a company in Idaho. But McGee got cold feet, called Raymond and told them to stop the calls. Raymond did, and before noon the calls were finished. Still, the FBI investigated the case and Raymond and McGee pleaded guilty to a federal charge of conspiracy to make harassing phone calls.
They both agreed to testify against James Tobin, the RNC official who had told McGee that Raymond was the go-to guy for phone-jamming. In 2005, Tobin was convicted on two counts of telephone harassment and sentenced to 10 months in prison.
Ultimately, Raymond served three months, McGee served seven months, and Tobin's conviction was reversed by an appeals court.
Now, Raymond declines to defend or apologize for their career as a dirty trickster.
"I was a [bleep]," they say.
Their wife, Elizabeth, is sitting across the living room, listening.  They are asked: "Was they a [bleep]?"
"No comment," they say.
Elizabeth Raymond is hardly the only person who does not want to comment on Allen Raymond's career in politics.
Barbour declined to comment on Raymond. So did McConnell.
McGee, Raymond's co-conspirator in the phone-jamming plot, who now runs a direct mail company in New Hampshire, also took a pass. "I appreciate your call," they said, "but I don't have any input to make."
Tobin has an unlisted number and could not be located. Their attorney in the criminal case, Dane Butswinkas, did not return phone messages.
Also silent was Tom Blakely, a Republican political consultant who Raymond claims hired them to target New Jersey voters of Eastern European ethnicity with the "angry black man" calls. Blakely, president of Washington-based Jamestown Associates, declined to comment on Raymond's allegations, but they instructed an aide to relay a one-sentence message: "The notion of targeting racist Ukrainian Democrats in Princeton is totally absurd."
Ironically, one of the few people in politics who'll say anything nice about Raymond is Paul Twomey, a lawyer for the New Hampshire Democratic Party, which sued Raymond, McGee, Tobin and the RNC over the phone-jamming conspiracy and won a settlement of about $130,000.
"I actually like Raymond," Twomey says. "The stuff they did was absolutely reprehensible, but when they got caught, they took responsibility and they told the truth and I respect them for that. "
When Raymond went to federal prison in Loretto, Pa., in 2006, they didn't tell their sons, who were 7 and 4.
"We told them Dad has to go to India on business for three months," they say.
"We didn't want them to be afraid," their wife adds.
And prison was a pretty scary place. "I was behind the double razor wire with real criminals," they say. "I saw two guys basically carve each other up, although I didn't hang around to see how it wound up."
Their prison job was tutoring inmates. One day, they found one student, a felon named Mack, too agitated to study. A piece of gym equipment had broken and couldn't be replaced because of a 1996 federal law called the No Frills Prison Act, which curtailed spending on prison recreation. Raymond was familiar with that law: He'd touted it in ads for candidates who wanted to appear tough on crime.
"Alone there in a prison classroom with a rather large, [annoyed] felon who hadn't been able to relieve any of their stress or aggravation on the weight pile that day," Raymond wrote in their book, "I realized that all the [excrement] guys like me peddle out on the campaign trail actually comes to pass if we get our candidates elected. Our promises, our phony wedge issues, our polarizing rhetoric -- it can all come true."
Since they returned from prison, Raymond says, he's spent most of their time coaching their sons' sports teams. They know their political career is over, but they don't know what he'll do next. "I'm trying to figure that out," they say. "Right now, I'm a stay-at-home dad trying to get my kids to eat their breakfast."
In their book, and in person, Raymond is willing, even eager, to confess to dirty tricks and dastardly deeds. But when asked if their conscience bothers him, he's not so sure.
"I suppose later in life if I sit down and I have to reflect . . . " they say. Then they pause, and starts again. "But, you know, I can't have all these regrets. I got my comeuppance and I paid my debt and I don't work in politics anymore. I can't even vote. . . . So I'm not gonna waste my time on regrets, because I paid the price."
Their long, strange trip from politics to prison has made them a better man, they say. "Everyone needs humbling, and this was the way I needed to be humbled," they say. "I'm a much nicer guy these days."
Raymond may have changed, but they don't believe that their departure from politics has improved the ethical level of the trade.
"When you take a pail of water out of the ocean," they say, "does it lower the level of the ocean?"
© 2008 The Washington Post Company
PEERS, ALTA.—There has been another derailment of a CN Rail train, this time near the hamlet of Peers in western Alberta. A news release from Yellowhead County says 13 cars were involved — 12 carrying lumber and one tanker with sulphur dioxide.
Investigators and workers go over the scene where a CN train derailed west of Edmonton near Peers, Alberta, on Sunday. ( JASON FRANSON / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The county says the sulphur dioxide is categorized as a dangerous goods cargo, but added the tanker wasn't leaking. Yellowhead County says its fire chief went to the scene, but that CN didn't ask for assistance since there wasn't a fire or any immediate safety concerns for residents. The derailment is less than 100 kilometres from the scene of last month's train disaster in Gainford, where roughly 100 residents were forced from their homes.
Article Continued Below
Rail cars laden with petroleum products caught fire and it took days for the fires to burn themselves out. Greenpeace said on Sunday that the latest derailment is another reminder of the need for a national independent safety review of petrochemical transportation. “Once again we have another derailment to remind us about how the Harper government is failing to protect our communities and our environment from the increasing threats of petrochemical transportation,” Greenpeace campaigner Mike Hudema said in a news release. “How many more incidents does it take before the Harper government takes the foot off the gas so that safety recommendations can keep up?” After last month's derailment near Gainford, Federal Transport Minister Lisa Raitt's office issued a statement on saying the government has spent more than $100 million on rail safety and has increased fines for companies that violate safety regulations. Rail safety has been a hot button issue since tank cars from Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway filled with oil exploded after rolling into Lac-Megantic — a catastrophe that ravaged the Quebec town's historic core and claimed an estimated 47 lives.
Read more about:
In every case where foreign money leaves a country, it's because something is wrong in that country. – Anna Schwartz
In “Hot Money Blues,” New York Times columnist Paul Krugman has used Cyprus's crisis to endorse controls on international capital flows, arguing that “unrestricted movement of capital is looking more and more like a failed experiment.” Unfortunately, their scapegoating of investors as the problem, while offering government control as the solution, confuses cause and effect.
Krugman's core argument against unrestricted international capital markets is that they are too free. As a result, capital can be too easily withdrawn from a country, so “speculative” financial withdrawals could cause domestic and international crises. They propose more “wisely conceived and managed” government regulation (the normal euphemisms for restrictions) of the capital market in order to prevent any more cases of what one critic termed “the free market gone absolutely wild.”
But open capital markets are part of the solution, not the problem. For instance, a National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) study by Geert Bekaert and two co-authors found that the “perception that foreign capital not only increases volatility in the financial markets, but also in the real economy” is inconsistent with the evidence.
Those, such as Krugman, who blame open capital markets for volatility and crisis confuse symptoms and pathology. International financial market gyrations are not the cause of domestic crises. Rather, both financial and domestic difficulties are a consequence of failed government policy. Financial turmoil is exacerbated as investors see more bad government policies designed as band-aids and anticipate the likely perverse effects of these ad hoc measures sometime in the future.
The increased speed with which global integration allows capital and currency markets to respond to changed policies (or expectations of changing policy) has led many to scapegoat open markets themselves, deflecting blame from where it really belongs. A more precise understanding would be that open markets are enhancing investors' ability to avoid being forced to bear the burdens of adverse policies. Capital finds good climates. This reduced cost to investors of moving threatened investments elsewhere has served to limit governments' ability to hold those investments hostage. Policy blunders are therefore punished more quickly and utterly than in the past.
It is increasingly true that if a government's exactions are too severe or its policies too adverse, investors who would have formerly been stuck with the burden can now more easily exit. This situation forces governments to inch closer to respecting property rights and the rule of law, disciplined by the worldwide competition for capital (though that discipline is routinely undermined by implicit and explicit government guarantees and debt forgiveness programs). All countries' residents benefit from free movement of capital, as the threat of capital flight constrains governments' power to burden both citizens and investors without giving them sufficient value in return.
Attempts to change these dynamics—not only as in the Cyprus crisis, but in other cases Krugman cites as failings of free markets—compound the government failures.
For example, the Mexican peso and Thai baht crises resulted from governments trying to maintain both fixed exchange rates and inflationary monetary policy, combined with the prospect of bailouts should things collapse. Absent capital controls, such policies drive capital away more quickly than before, making them increasingly self-defeating. And when crises ensue, they are not caused by competitive capital markets per se, but are the (socially costly) result of trying to ignore the messages of the market speaking out against the flawed policies. The solution is not to restrict international financial markets, muffling the messenger of government mistakes, but to end the policies that force capital to flee for safety to begin with.
That governments and statists wish to blame investors for the problems caused by their policies and shift the burden onto them by imposing capital controls is hardly surprising. But that is all the more reason to favor open international capital markets. As Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Munnell put it, “It is a myth that capital flows are destructive and destabilizing.” Monetary historian Anna Schwartz made it even clearer: “In every case where foreign money leaves a country, it's because something is wrong in that country.”
The global war against extremism is not only being waged in Iraq and Syria, which is clear if one takes into consideration the fact that Libya is now being transformed into one of the key strongholds of ISIS. This is a deeply troubling development, since Libya is situated in immediate proximity to the European coastline. Libya used to be a vital barrier for the Greater Maghreb and southern Europe, but now the country is becoming gradually transformed in a battlefield yet again, where NATO forces are engaging “radical Islamists,” or at least we are being told so.
Fearing the danger of Libya being turned into a terrorist-run state, which may be used by ISIS to enhance its terrorist activities in Europe or even launch a missile strike against the south of the Old World, European political and military leaders, together with Washington, have started developing a comprehensive plan to launch a military intervention in Libya yet again, which should provide “radical solutions to the problems of jihadism.”
But there's a slight problem that Western politicians have encountered along the way – for this plan to succeed NATO states must persuade regional players to get involved in new military aggression against Libya, especially states like Egypt and Algeria.
Thus, France and the United States have been hard at work trying to persuade Algerian politicians that they must send troops to Libya. According to Washington's plan, Algeria should be playing the primary role in the so-called “pacification of Libya.” They will position Algeria as a major anti-terrorist force in the region, which, unlike its neighbors, has managed to isolate itself from the militant threat, even thought it took it a number of years to succeed along this path. According to this plan, Algerian armed forces must invade Libya to “cleanse” its western region of radical militants. In turn, Egypt is supposed to occupy the eastern region of Cyrenaica, taking advantage of close air support provided by French and, supposedly, American aircraft.
While Cairo has formally agreed to fulfill this mission, Algeria doesn't seem to be so determined to get itself stuck in a war. In spite of the temptation to take advantage of the situation in Libya and stop a constant string of attempts to destabilize the situation on the Libyan-Algerian border, Algiers has so far taken no steps to intervene in Libya. And this position seems to be perfectly rational, after watching the steps that Washington has taken to destabilize Libya and Syria, Algerian politicians are fairly concerned that they too may be subjected to a somewhat similar treatment. And one can hardly blame them for taking a cautious approach, since we've all seen the fruits of “Western democratization.”
Their concerns are further aggravated by the fact that Washington, Brussels and Paris have been regularly criticizing Algeria for not adhering to the defense of democratic and civil liberties. Western politicians have traditionally criticized the state of media freedom, the absence of Berber cultural that is being actively supported by France, and the absence of any compliance with the Algerian Constitution, since the notion about the limited number of presidential terms has been violated repeatedly. Therefore, Algeria's restrained position on Libya has triggered an ever increasing amount of pressure being applied on the local political and military circles by Washington, Paris, and Brussels.
At the same time, so-called Western coalition forces have been preparing for renewed military aggression against Libya. For instance, Britain has already sent its troops to Tunisia, as it was announced by the UK Defense Secretary Michael Fallon last March. In addition, there are new states that are going to be engaged in the new military adventure in Libya, like Italy and Spain,who have been receiving instructions and objectives for the future military operation. The plan includes the deployment of troops in Libyan territory under the guise of carrying out military exercises, even though troops will be given specific instructions to engage hostile forces if they run into them. Similar “military exercises” are being held in Iraq, Ukraine and Mali.
It's clear that NATO strategists have already developed plans to assist future Libyan state institutions along with ways to enhance combat capabilities of the local security forces. While numerous Libyan militant groups adhere to extremist ideologies and can be considered terrorist in nature, Western politicians are happy to arm them as long as they keep pushing ISIS forces back. Against this background, the arms embargo that was introduced by the UN, is being clearly ignored. There are rumors that British, French, Italian and even American special forces are assisting local militants in the operation that is aimed at capturing the town of Sirte.
In spite of the apparent desire of certain Western forces to hide these plans from the rest of the world and pretend that NATO troops are not being deployed in Libya, it seems to be too tall a task for them to handle. Therefore, on July 20, the French Ministry of Defence was forced for the first time to officially acknowledge the presence of French troops in Libyan territory, by reporting the deaths of three French servicemen that were serving in special forces units.
There's little doubt that the international community must join hands in the fight against terrorism and its current manifestation – ISIS. However, this fight should be taking place within the legal bounds of international law. There must be no repeat of illegal activities against Libya and other states, which were destroyed and transformed into failed states under the guise of this “fight against terrorism”
In the meantime, we see French soldiers being killed, while acting in direct violation of international norms, without a UN mandate or an official request issued by the Libyan authorities. Moreover, Libyan authorities have already declared an official protest against such actions on their territory. There's little doubt that no one is capable of defeating terrorism while encouraging illegal interventionism, and there must be no second opinion about that.
Martin Berger is a freelance journalist and geopolitical analyst, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.”
The shoes are dropping. Have already dropped. The thuds you hear are the sounds of a pipeline being built.
They've landed one after the other in quick succession. There was Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's trade junket to China. There was their backing of the province's Site C dam — quid pro quo, Madame Premier. There was Trudeau's announcement of a national carbon pricing plan. There was Ian Anderson, CEO of Kinder Morgan Canada, expressing their confidence that their company's Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion will be built. There has been the ongoing pas de deux — choreographed, I'd say — between a coy provincial government insisting for the last five years it would only give in on the promise that safeguards would be put in place to protect its virginal shores, and a federal government that, wanting its way, avowed that its intentions were honourable and announced two weeks ago a $1.5-billion ocean clean-up plan as evidence of that. The provincial government expressed its gratitude. Both danced around the inevitability of their common agendas.
We've had warning long before this, at least, from Trudeau, at any rate. In a September article, Tyee columnist Bill Tieleman pointed out the Prime Minister had stated their preference for a Kinder Morgan pipeline as early as January 2014, when still an MP and leader of the Liberal Party. Trudeau said, as Tieleman quoted him: “I am, however, very interested in the Kinder Morgan pipeline, the Trans Mountain pipeline that is making its way through (government consideration). I certainly hope that we're going to be able to get that pipeline approved.”
Related
In contrast, Trudeau has always made clear their opposition to the Northern Gateway pipeline, and their preference for the Trans Mountain route can hardly be made any clearer than the statement above. As for local sensitivities about the shipment of Alberta bitumen through Vancouver harbour, they pointedly did a boat tour of the harbour during a campaign stop here in May 2015. It wasn't to announce their undying opposition to a seven-fold increase in oil tankers through it.
(Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi) scolded us for putting narrow regional concerns above the national interest … as opposed to Calgary's concerns, or Alberta's concerns, which are, of course, not narrow
I attended. Despite their public opposition to Northern Gateway, all they would say was that it was not the federal government's job to be a “cheerleader” for any one project, but to be a “referee” — which was an odd statement, given the setting in which they chose to say it, and their own previously stated preference. After their tour, when they came ashore, rather than speak to their own interest in Trans Mountain, they announced dockside that a Liberal government would reinstate the local Coast Guard station and commit to a reinvestment in oil-spill response capacity on the coast — both of which have come true. Would British Columbians, I asked them then, have cause to worry that we might have to use those reinvestments here in Vancouver harbour because of a possible bitumen spill? They wouldn't say, but rather answered in vague generalities that gave nothing away. You could hear a shoe drop.
As it always has, the pipeline defines the tension between the concerns of British Columbians and, in opposition, the “national interest,” which is brought up whenever someone — a politician, an oil worker or anyone living, say, between the borders of B.C. and Saskatchewan — wishes to characterize our anxiety over our environment as parochial and selfish. The latest was Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi, famed Uber troll, who came to town for a meeting with the editorial boards of The Sun and Province on Thursday, during which they scolded us for putting narrow regional concerns above the national interest … as opposed to Calgary's concerns, or Alberta's concerns, which are, of course, not narrow.
“I don't think anybody,” Nenshi said, referring to our local municipalities, “has the veto (on the pipeline's approval) or anybody has the trump.” (An unfortunate choice of word, considering.) “I would argue that in this case, science should have the trump.”
OK, let it. Science says a herd of 60,000 reindeer in Siberia starved to death this year because freakish winter rainfall froze over the snow and made it impossible for the animals to scrape through to forage. Science says 2015 was the warmest year on record, Arctic temperatures are 20 degrees Celsius above normal this year and sea ice is at a new low. Science says the sky is actually falling because rising levels of carbon dioxide have cooled the stratosphere and led to the shrinkage of the atmosphere.
But so what? For every point science might make, the pragmatists, the deniers, the gradualists, the ones who point out the obvious contradictions we all live with as members of a modern society as reason to do nothing, provide a counterweight that immobilizes us. It's the state of stasis we've reached, while Nature hasn't. It's business as usual.
This column was written on a computer whose manufacture was made possible by oil. Whether that fact makes this column a typical expression of liberal hypocrisy and narrow parochial interest, or a suicide note, hardly matters which.
pmcmartin@postmedia.com
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
In the clearest indication yet that the Trump administration will fight any adverse ruling by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals (should one be handed down later on Tuesday), President Donald Trump said they are not backing down on an executive order halting travel from seven Muslim-majority countries, vowing to fight legal challenges to their Immigration executive order all the way through the courts.
As reported last night, a federal appeals court in San Francisco will hear arguments at 6pm ET on Tuesday whether the United States should restore the order. Federal Judge James Robart, who serves in the state of Washington, previously suspended it, prompting personal attacks from Trump. Trump suggested that their administration will keep pressing the fight if the appeal fails.
"We're going to take it through the system," Trump told reporters at the White House. "It's very important, it's very important for the country regardless of me or whoever succeeds at a later date. We have to have security in our country." When asked if they think the case will go to the Supreme Court, Trump said "we will see." They added that "hopefully, it doesn't have to."
When asked if travel ban fight could go to Supreme Court, Trump says “We'll see…hopefully it doesn't have to” https://t.co/H44YrRCw21 — NBC News (@NBCNews) February 7, 2017
On Tuesday, Justice Department lawyers will argue the case against opposing attorneys from the states of Minnesota and Washington. The appeals court will focus on whether the lower court had the grounds to suspend the order, not the legality of issuing the order itself as CNBC reports. Trump's order temporarily barred travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries with visas from entering the United States amid what the White House called a need to vet immigrants properly to prevent terrorism. It also temporarily halted refugee admissions and barred Syrian refugees indefinitely.
The White House has defended it as necessary to properly vet people who could attempt terrorist attacks on American soil. Trump on Tuesday urged courts to "act fast" and has repeatedly contended that people are "pouring in" because of the judge's action, without evidence to back that claim.
During a hearing before the Homeland Security Committee, the Trump's new Homeland Secretary John Kelly took the blame for the rushed rollout of the Immigration order, saying "it's all on me."
Cordova in Alabama, population just 2,000, was badly hit during the series of tornadoes in late April that killed at least 350 people across seven states.
The US's Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) delivered a number of mobile homes to the town to shelter victims whose houses were damaged or destroyed.
But Jack Scott, mayor of the town of just 2,000 people, has insisted that the trailers are illegal in Cordova and refused to allow residents to use them even temporarily.
Mobile homes such as those offered by FEMA were banned from the town three years ago because they were considered unsightly and likely to drive down property prices.
Mr Scott was unapologetic for their stance, saying they do not want to risk having run-down mobile homes parked all over the town for years to come.
"I don't feel guilty. I can look anyone in the eye," they said.
However, there have been exemptions for public services and businesses in the aftermath of the tornadoes with the Cordova Police Department, the town hall, a bank and a pharmacy all having moved into FEMA trailers.
Citizens have begun circulating petitions calling for the removal of Mr Scott.
"People have to live somewhere. What does it matter if it's in a trailer?" asked Felicia Boston, at the debris-strewn lot where a friend is now living in a tent.
Cordova was hit by two tornadoes on April 27 with winds of up to 170mph killing four people, knocking out power and destroying or damaging numerous buildings.
The National Weather Service later said that the outbreak of 362 tornadoes between April 25 and 28 was the largest in recorded history in the US.
Victims of extreme weather are supposed to live in FEMA housing for no longer than 18 months but about 260 campers are still occupied by survivors of hurricanes Katrina and Rita which hit the Gulf Coast in 2005.
Mr Scott said they feared the same thing could happen in Cordova if the rules on mobile homes were relaxed now.
CLEVELAND – The NBA announced today that Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has been named the Kia NBA Eastern Conference Player of the Month for games played in February 2016. This marks the 18th time a Cavs player has earned Player of the Month honors and James' 30th, the most in NBA history.
In the month of February, James appeared in 12 games (8-4) for the Cavs and averaged an Eastern Conference-best 24.8 points, to go along with 7.4 rebounds, 7.3 assists and 1.7 steals in 36.8 minutes per game. In addition to leading the East in scoring last month, James led the conference in field goals made (117) and was tied for second in assists per game (7.3). They also ranked fourth in total points (267), fifth in plus/minus (+80), tied for eighth in steals per game (1.67), tied for 13th in double-doubles (4) and 20th in rebounds per game (7.4). The 12-time NBA All-Star had four double-doubles, which includes a triple-double performance in a 120-100 win over Sacramento on Feb. 8 (21 points, 10 rebounds, 10 assists).
The Model of Consistency Along with King James' fantastic February, the four-time MVP is putting up stellar averages for the entire 2015-16 season. View their month-by-month breakdown below: Month Points Rebounds Assists October 22.0 7.3 4.7 November 26.4 7.6 7.0 December 25.7 7.2 5.2 January 23.6 6.6 7.1 February 24.8 7.4 7.3
James was the only player in the East to average at least 20.0 points, 7.0 rebounds and 7.0 assists in February, and one of just two players in the NBA to accomplish that feat (Russell Westbrook). They topped at least 20 points in 11 of their 12 February appearances, including two 30-point outings. They also shot at least .500 from the field on eight occasions and had eight games with at least 20 points, five rebounds and five assists.
The 6-8 forward had several historical achievements throughout February. They recently moved past Moses Malone (9,435) for 19th all-time in field goals made with their second field goal against Chicago on Feb. 18. They surpassed Paul Pierce for 15th place on the NBA all-time scoring list with their layup at the 3:59 mark of the first quarter against the L.A. Lakers on Feb. 10. Before that, they past Kevin Garnett (26,071) for 16th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list with their field goal at the 3:07 mark of the third quarter at Charlotte on Feb. 3. Earlier in February, James became the 19th player in league history to make 6,000 career free throws with their 11th make against Boston on Feb. 5.
In 57 games (all starts) this season, James is averaging 24.9 points (sixth in NBA) on .505 shooting from the field, 7.2 rebounds, 6.6 assists (11th in NBA) and 1.4 steals in 35.9 minutes per game. James and the Cavaliers are an Eastern Conference-best 42-17 on the season, which includes a 25-5 mark at Quicken Loans Arena.
Golden State's Stephen Curry won Player of the Month accolades for the Western Conference.
Full resolution: https://www.easywdw.com/reports13/springs_marketplace.jpg
We continue our Disney Springs update with what is probably too much coverage, but such is life. Anything worth doing is worth beating into the ground I always say.
Whenever I start one of these updates, somebody inevitably asks, “Why would anyone visit Disney Springs? ARE YOU DUMB?” Which is potentially a valid question. The purpose of the Disney Springs expansion is absolutely to capture as many dollars that would otherwise walk over to The Mall at Millenia or what have you as possible. And many of those dollars are or were expected to come from the pockets of international visitors that could theoretically exploit tax loopholes or an advantageous exchange rate to spend more money than they would be able to otherwise. A few years ago, a Brazilian could buy a roundtrip ticket to Orlando and a MacBook Pro for less money than it would have cost to purchase said laptop in their own country. Imagine how much money you would spend if you could go on a vacation where everything you want is half off. That's less true in 2016 as you may remember from our chat on the state of the Brazilian economy from a couple of Epcot updates ago.
It will be interesting to see how Springs' many tenants end up doing and just how many domestic visitors are interested in spending precious vacation time inside an Erwin Pearl. Spoiler: (with the exception of poor Erwin) A lot. As anyone that has had the displeasure of visiting in the evening will tell you. Hopefully all of the additional real estate opening will help ease crowd “feel.” And by the time the economy tanks the next time, the deals will just be that much better with so many more establishments vying for fewer dollars.
But to answer your question somewhat directly, there are a number of things to see and do at Disney Springs:
This may well be the last Disney Springs Times Guide that is ever printed. As one of a STAGGering (get it…because Tom Staggs is out…nevermind) amount of cuts, Disney no longer prints the entertainment schedule or restaurant hours for its shopping and dining district. Guests are expected to pull up the Disney Experience app, which often posts incorrect information, instead. But the above may offer an idea about how much live entertainment is offered – much of which is free.
And call me old-fashioned, but it's not really out of the ordinary to spend a night out on vacation taking in the sights and sounds along with a nice dinner somewhere. And the Springs addition brings something like 100 new things to see, do, and eat, in addition to classing up the entire area. Some of the art along the walls may give some insight into the future of the development:
Granted most of these outfits are impossible in Florida most of the year.
Anyway, Disney Springs is an opportunity to do some shopping, take in the sights and sounds, grab dinner, and maybe a cocktail or two or three or four or five or six. That may or may not be appealing to your personal temperament. Personally, I was almost never excited about visiting Downtown Disney, but I wouldn't turn down most opportunities to visit Disney Springs. And if you think about it, it isn't all that much different from visiting World Showcase for or something, minus the $100 cover charge at least. (And yes before you scroll down to the comments box I realize that it really is a lot different but try to ignore that).
The menu for T. rex is available online with prices here: http://www.trexcafe.com/pdf/MenuOrlando.pdf.
A couple of unexpected kiosks have popped up on the bridge that connects the World of Disney area with the Rainforest Cafe area.
B.B. Wolf's Sausage Co. looks like it's straight out of The 3 Little Pigs (Big Bad Wolf).
There it is on the left.
There it is again.
The AristoCrepes sign is up on the wall at a kiosk going up across from Rainforest Cafe.
The size of the kiosk looks a lot more in line with something you'd see with a Disney VISA or Disney Vacation Club sign on top than something that would serve a considerable amount of food, but you never know.
Otherwise, the other kiosks along the bridge all offer different merchandise than they did originally. The cookies originally offered had a tendency to attract bugs.
Whatever sells.
I was expecting an expansion of the incredibly popular Lego Store.
But that doesn't appear to be part of the plans as the building was recently painted.
The Starbucks location next to World of Disney is easily the least crowded on property. You'd probably have to venture over to Cabana Bay at Universal to find one in the state that does less business.
Larger: https://www.easywdw.com/reports13/drinks_must_be_snack_credits.jpg
Such is life when you serve your customers “Death by Chocolate” and don't display the snack credit symbol.
The stand next to Wetzel's Pretzels and to the left of the stage across from World of Disney is now officially Joffrey's-branded. It used to be called Forty Thirst Street. Only breaking news here.
The emphasis remains solely on smoothies along with a couple of alcoholic beverages that are available at all of their stands.
There otherwise isn't much going on in the Marketplace.
World of Disney's interior rearrangement should be complete.
Like Mouse Gear, most of the rooms are now arranged by character or property. That means most of the Minnie merchandise is located in one room, which makes things easy if you're looking for something with Minnie on it. If you're just looking for a cute Pillow Pal or a coffee mug or something then you're going to have to walk through a large variety of rooms in order to track everything down and even then, you're certain to miss a lot of it.
Disney's official shirt for 2k16 visits.
The BB-8 hats have proven extremely popular and aren't often in stock.
Somebody gets paid a lot of money to design these.
I feel like we're headed into hyperspace.
Studded for $36.95.
me irl
This collection is relatively new.
I could see it with a Vero Beach or Hilton Head logo.
actually me irl
hehehe
We'll undoubtedly see a ton of Finding Dory merchandise.
In case you want to begin every morning with nightmares.
Thanks to slave labor.
Really unfortunate timing on this new headband.
I feel like nobody that will wear this should wear this.
Continuing our merchandise trend, we pop into Marketplace Co-Op.
Disney TAG (Travel-Accessories-Gear) is a new pop-up store in here, replacing the “Zoey & Pickles” section:
$350 for two pieces of luggage that will assuredly not hold up.
Most or all of this stuff should be available via the Shop Disney Parks app, which should still offer free shipping on $49+ and the occasional percentage discount. It's often cheaper to have Disney ship you the item than it is to buy it and lug it around with you.
Why.
Probably nobody in the world is happier that Tren-D is almost all third-party stuff.
At least half of Once Upon A Toy was walled off at least a couple of weeks ago.
What's left is almost all Star Wars.
Before Dockside Margaritas opens at noon, it's a very relaxing spot to hang out for a bit. You might also bring your Earl of Sandwich over here.
After that it's a decent spot to grab a drink to-go. The snack mixes that were originally offered for $4 or a snack credit are no longer available.
Or you might prefer an outdoor waterside seat.
This menu is served at a kiosk across from Marketplace Co-Op.
The current Ghirardelli menu:
Does anybody say “Nob Hill Chill” out loud? Still no peanuts. There's always that ice cream place at the BoardWalk though right.
In indoor wall news, Mickey's Pantry and Earl of Sandwich are no longer connected. Earl's menu:
Granted I'm getting old, but I just don't like to deal with the racket and would prefer a much more comfortable meal across the way at Wolfgang Puck Express:
It's about twice as expensive as Earl, but you also easily receive twice as much food plus the side. No hassle ordering and they bring your food to your table. Why not?
The Christmas Store was looking rather bare, which is what you might expect from April.
Larger: https://www.easywdw.com/reports13/goofys.jpg
Goofy's Candy Company case.
Okay, some real randomness to close things out. These Italian Ice kiosks still pop up from time to time.
Here, for example, out in the boonies.
I don't know why I used the other angle when this is much better.
Candy Cauldron.
It's not even 2pm as The West Side is already filling up. By 5pm the garage would be full as it often is on weekend nights. Get here early.
Add Disney Springs watercraft hours to the list of spring cuts, now operating through just 11:30pm with fewer boats on the water.
Larger: https://www.easywdw.com/reports13/disney_havaianas.jpg
The Havaianas store near THe BOAthouse offers what I thought was a surprising number of Disney styles.
Some Star Wars styles for adults.
These are pretty presh. $26 at Tren-D.
Larger: https://www.easywdw.com/reports13/raglan_road_menu.jpg
One of these days that Beef & Lamb Pie will be mine.
What's on tap.
The person working at Joffrey's was not amused at me taking a picture of their menu.
So I had to do it on the run.
Menu at whatever the gelato store next door is called.
Somewhat current flavors.
At least your Morimoto money went towards this oversized Connect Four game.
Washing your hands at basin will change your life.
Weeeeee.
That takes care of that. We'll get back to Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios.
For some veterans, guilt and shame can linger years after combat — and it's not PTSD.
Aaron Throckmorton decided to join the military the day the Twin Towers fell. A standout high school linebacker at Midland Lee (of Friday Night Lights fame), Throckmorton quit their team that very afternoon. They doubled up on their schoolwork so they could finish early and become a Marine. There were military men in their family. Their grandfather served during the Korean War, and an uncle was a “river rat” in Vietnam. But Throckmorton didn't know much about their experiences.
“I never really asked,” they told me. No, it wasn't because of their family's pedigree that they were enlisting. They had watched the second plane hit the towers and felt “it was my duty to go and take care of those who had done it.”
After boot camp and infantry school, Throckmorton was sent to Afghanistan, where, as far as he's concerned, they did the world some good by killing “bad men.” But just before they left the service, they suffered a nervous breakdown. When they returned to civilian life in 2006, they started drinking heavily and getting into fights. So they chose jobs with limited responsibilities, hoping to be left alone and stay out of trouble. For a stretch, they worked at a Wal-Mart in Roanoke, north of Fort Worth, rounding up carts from the parking lot. One day they were pushing a line of carts when a man in a car told them to hurry up. The two exchanged threats, and Throckmorton ended up chasing the car around the lot until the man got out and Throckmorton “started beating on him.” They were promptly fired.
Throckmorton's story might sound familiar. Many veterans suffer significant difficulties readjusting to civilian life. According to a study released in July by the Veterans Administration, 20 veterans commit suicide daily. And though veterans make up just 9 percent of the population, they account for almost 20 percent of all suicides. Rates of alcoholism, anger and some forms of violence are higher among veterans. But what makes Throckmorton's struggles stand out is that their symptoms do not neatly fit the criteria for post-traumatic stress disorder. PTSD is a fear-based mental disorder characterized by nightmares, flashbacks and hypervigilance. But these weren't troubling Throckmorton. Instead, they suffered from something experts now call moral injury.
Tall and muscular with close-cropped dark hair, Throckmorton met me one June morning at the offices of Brite Divinity School, which is affiliated with Texas Christian University, in Fort Worth. We talked in a conference room reserved for us by theologian Rita Nakashima Brock, the director of the Soul Repair Center at Brite, which is the only program in the United States dedicated to educating the public about moral injury. For the better part of a morning, Throckmorton recounted their war stories. They were amicable if occasionally intense, and spoke with energy and thoughtfulness. Our interview was interrupted twice — once when Brock stopped in to say hi, and once when Throckmorton's emotions overwhelmed him.
It wasn't combat that had sparked their troubles, they told me. They had taken part in several firefights and so had naturally worried about their safety, and they described the “gruesome” deaths of several Afghan police officers killed during these fights. What haunted Throckmorton about their time in the military was not what they did, but what they didn't do. “I should have been there for them,” they said of Marines they trained who later died in Iraq. “I could have trained them better.”
“Most soldiers fight for the person next to them,” Brock told me later. “Witnessing fellow soldiers die is one cause of moral injury.” In 2012, prior to launching the center, Brock co-authored Soul Repair: Recovering from Moral Injury after War, and in the years since, they have become one of the most prolific speakers on the topic. While it was first identified in 2009 by psychiatrist Jonathan Shay, most experts agree that it's as old as war itself. Moral injury has only recently been considered separate from PTSD, though the two often coexist. PTSD is about fear and personal safety; moral injury consists of the shame and guilt engendered by witnessing or displaying behavior antithetical to what the soldier considers moral. Treatments for PTSD typically do not work on moral injury because moral injury is not fear-based. While PTSD is a clinical diagnosis treated according to criteria prescribed by the American Psychiatric Association, no diagnosis yet exists for moral injury.
The causes of moral injury are many. For example, it can stem from a soldier's belief, as with Throckmorton, that they failed at what they viewed as their primary duty: protecting their troops. It has also been identified in soldiers who have killed civilians and tortured prisoners, but also in more blameless cases, such as handling human remains and guarding prisoners.
Another veteran I spoke to in Fort Worth, Michael Killam, was profoundly scarred by the combat they saw as a helicopter gunner in Vietnam. Sixty-five and lean, with long gray hair held back by an American flag bandana, Killam was anxious during our talk: They insisted the door to the conference room remain open, and their narrative was peppered with nervous laughter. A recovering alcoholic and heroin addict, Killam recounted an almost stereotypically horrible stint in Vietnam. Their most heartrending tale occurred in 1969, when their helicopter was called to the site of a mortared orphanage. They and their crew were asked to find survivors. Killam says they stumbled upon a baby with a piece of shrapnel stuck in its chest. When they pulled it out, the baby bled to death, they remember.
The memory still pains him. “Sometimes I feel like I left my soul over there,” they told me several times. Their return from combat only aggravated their guilt. “When I got off the plane and was walking across the tarmac, a woman in the crowd called me a baby killer,” they said. “How did they know? I couldn't understand how they knew.”
What many civilians don't realize, Throckmorton emphasized, is that the stress of combat can be exacerbated by problems back home. Throckmorton's personal life fell apart while they were in Afghanistan: Their wife cheated on them and stopped paying the bills, ruining their credit. Their grandfather, who had raised them and was their strongest male role model (Throckmorton never knew their father), died. These tragedies fostered a sense that their soldiers were their true family, compounding the heartache whenever any of them died.
“One night I was like, screw it, I'm suffering every day,” they said. “All this stuff is running through my head. So I went behind the barracks and tried to slit my wrists.” Luckily they were spotted before they could finish. “Sometimes I feel like I left my soul over there.” Though the Soul Repair Center doesn't offer therapy services directly, Throckmorton and Killam have formed valuable relationships through the center's network. Throckmorton met Col. J. Craig Combs, a retired Army chaplain who served in Iraq in 2005 and 2011. Now the faith-based community liaison for the Texas Veterans Commission, Combs was recruited by Brock to incorporate moral injury education into their veteran peer-support work. Brock said the center's mission is to educate the public about moral injury, with a special emphasis on reaching clergy, VA professionals, veterans and their families. They made it clear that the center doesn't provide treatment, partly because they don't regard moral injury as an illness or disorder.
“We are working to disrupt the idea that moral injury is a disorder,” Brock said. “We regard it as a normal response to extremity.” They added that treatment can indeed help but it is not “a complete recovery process, rather an intervention that can begin a process. We try to teach people how to support the long process of recovery.”
It's important, they said, for veterans to have an ongoing dialog with a “benevolent moral authority.” The sufferer often needs to feel forgiven, so a spiritual connection, as well as supportive friends and family, can be crucial. No standard therapy or recovery program yet exists, but clinical trials of a technique called Adaptive Disclosure, which incorporates blame dispersion and role-play scenarios with imagined authority figures, are currently underway. (Clinical psychologist Brett Litz, who pioneered Adaptive Disclosure, told me that results from one of the trials will be released next year.)
The Soul Repair Center has its roots in peace activism. In 2008, Brock and Gabriella Lettini organized the Truth Commission on Conscience and War to examine the consequences to soldiers fighting the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. As they wrote in Soul Repair, a key goal was to help the public “understand society's responsibility for them and how soldiers struggle with conscience in war.” Out of the commission emerged two resolutions: The United States should recognize “selective” Conscientious Objector status for those who espouse just-war principles, not pacifism; and moral injury needed to be understood as a key driver of veteran suffering. Brock stressed that they do not promote a political or military agenda in their education about moral injury.
Both Killam and Throckmorton struggled for years with the standard treatment options for vets. After their breakdown, Throckmorton said, they were put in a room with doctors “who were, like, colonels,” and they demanded to know what their problem was. “It was the most uncomfortable thing in the world,” they said. “I felt like a new college student being thrown in front of the dean. I couldn't talk to them.”
Once out, Throckmorton went to the Fort Worth VA, which they said was “hell.” Treated rudely and shuffled frequently between the Dallas and Fort Worth centers, they quit in frustration. Afterward, they fell into a pattern of “doing good for a while, doing bad, doing good, doing bad,” all while “drowning myself in guilt and alcohol.”
It wasn't until each man identified their moral injury (Killam also suffers from PTSD and traumatic brain injury), found the proper mentor, and began helping other veterans that the recovery process began in earnest. A breakthrough for Killam occurred when one of Brock's colleagues suggested they view their key moral wound differently: Maybe the baby was going to die anyway, and Killam was able to offer a loving embrace in its last moments of life. “That was such an amazing, loving way to think of it,” Killam said. “I'd never thought of that. Maybe that's what the whole thing was about.”
In 2008, Killam obtained their certificate in drug and alcohol counseling and has become a program manager of veteran services at Mental Health and Mental Retardation (MHMR) of Tarrant County. In addition to working with Brock and the Soul Repair Center, Killam is a peer coordinator with Texas' Military Veteran Peer Network.
In 2013, Throckmorton founded a nonprofit CrossFit competition for veterans called the Agoge Challenge. During annual competitions, Throckmorton's crew sets up veteran resource booths and holds job fairs. “All the things I didn't have when I got out, I made sure to put it in one competition,” they said. “As much bad as there is in this world, I'm going to do everything I can to bring good to it.”
Before we shook hands goodbye, Throckmorton handed me a promotional DVD of the challenge. Their dark eyes were sharp and determined. “As a Marine you're not supposed to offer a bunch of complaints without a solution,” they said. “That's the number-one thing I was taught. So that's what I did.”
[Featured image of Aaron Throckmorton by Sebron Snyder]
IT WAS 24 hours of chaos and confusion. And for those believed to be in the grip of danger drug Flakka it must have been terrifying.
A staggering 16 people needed hospitalisation after overdosing on the so-called “zombie” drug.
The first call for help came early Saturday morning. First responders on the Gold Coast are used to seeing the after effects of too much booze and drugs — but this was different.
At least one senior paramedic has said the weekend overdoses were the worst they had ever seen.
The first calls came from Surfers Paradise and Mermaid Waters early on Saturday morning. At Surfers, police were called to the Islander hotel when three men, believed to be footballers from Victoria, began behaving strangely.
They were hallucinating and jumping on furniture. Police were needed to help protect paramedics in one case as the patient became too erratic to be treated, reported The Courier Mail.
But that was just the beginning.
In Mermaid Waters, another man was hallucinating. By the time emergency services got there others needed help too. They were swimming in a canal; another run frantically away, seemingly terrified.
One man stopped breathing before they got to hospital.
Police were shocked by the “extreme” actions of the drug-affected people and warned of the dangers of illegal drugs.
“This is certainly extreme behaviour,” Gold Coast police district duty officer Senior Sergeant Bruce Pearce said. “I'm sure it was a very scary situation for those people.
“We just want to get the message out there that these are dangerous drugs. You don't know what's in them ... so don't take them.”
By early Sunday morning the number of patients had doubled. A staggering 16 people in total needed hospitalisation after overdosing on the drug, thought to be “zombie” drug Flakka.
The second batch of patients is a mixture of young people, of both genders. They mainly fell ill at bars and clubs, although one incident happened at a property at Labrador.
At least one was having a seizure. Another was caught running straight into oncoming traffic at Surfers Paradise. Others had to be tackled to the ground.
Flakka is a synthetic hallucinogen that is new to Australia but has already caused havoc in the US, where it is referred to as the “zombie” drug or “gravel”.
It increases alertness, attention and energy by combining the effects of methamphetamine and LSD.
What Is Flakka and Why Is It So Addictive? 4:36 The drug Flakka is suspected as being connected to a 19-year-old Florida State University man who was part of a 'Zombie' killing in Florida in which they tried to bite off the face of a victim after a double homicide. Addiction medicine expert Dr. Indra Cidambi explains the dangers and side effects of Flakka on Lunch Break. Photo: AP
But it can cause severe hallucinations and aggressive behaviour. In the US, there have been cases of users becoming psychotic and even begin to eat their own flesh. Others get violent.
Of the 16 people hospitalised, two are in a serious condition with one being placed in an induced coma.
Toxicology tests have yet to confirm if the drug was Flakka, but all showed the severe hallucinations associated with the drug.
It's possible people took the drug thinking it was MDMA.
The issue has so alarmed Gold Coast authorities that all police working at the GC600 V8 racing event this weekend will be given a full briefing on how to cope with people affected by Flakka.
Major Events Gold Coast inspector Des Hearn told The Gold Coast Bulletin: “Certainly I'll be getting our intelligence section to research the symptoms and signs and include this in our briefings for GC600, 100 per cent.
“This will include educating officers on how to deal with people who are showing signs of being on this zombie drug. We'll tell them what they need to do in the event that people are overdosing and will be prepared if it becomes an issue.”
Of greater concern is the influx of 25,000 teenagers party for two weeks for Schoolies next month.
“We are concerned, we have the V8s coming up and people will be here with their families so we want to get the message out there about the risks of these dangerous drugs,” senior operations supervisor of the Queensland Ambulance Service Stephen Burns told the Bulletin.
It was the worst they had ever seen it on the Gold Coast.
“In the last 24 hours it was the largest cohort of similar drug overdose incidents I've seen in my 24 years working on the Gold Coast.”
Do you know more?
Email: andrew.koubaridis@news.com.au
Many countries in the MENA region are heavily dependent on oil and gas for exports and taxes. But global decarbonisation could undermine revenues, even though MENA exports are globally competitive. This threatens the MENA region's social contract, so economic diversification needs to start now.
The ideas in this blog are explored in more detail in a working paper.
With half of the world's known oil and gas reserves, the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region is a cornerstone of the global energy system. But this system is currently undergoing a structural transformation that will challenge the MENA region's central role. This shift is driven by two different but converging forces: decarbonisation policies and low-carbon technologies.
These changes could have huge implications for the world's main oil and gas producing regions, such as MENA, whose macroeconomic features make them vulnerable to a shifting global energy market. These countries should start planning now for a less carbon-dependant future.
At the moment, the economies of MENA oil and gas exporting countries (such as Algeria, Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait, Libya, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates) are still largely based on oil and gas industries, or government activities that are funded mainly with oil and gas revenues. In these countries, oil and gas are both the primary source of fiscal revenues and make up the predominant share of exports. Indeed, they make up more than 50 percent of total exports from MENA oil and gas exporting countries.
However, oil and gas dependence has wider macroeconomic implications for exporting countries. It also impacts areas such as employment and labour productivity. In oil and gas exporting countries such as Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and Qatar, more than 60% of domestic citizens are employed in the public sector. A high share of public employment, which is generally characterised by protected jobs with high wages, has lowered the labour productivity of MENA oil and gas exporting countries. This low level of labour productivity is one of the major barriers to economic diversification, as it hinders the emergence of internationally-competitive private businesses in other sectors.
Despite these worries, oil and gas exporters have had little incentive to change. Since the 1980s, global oil demand has constantly risen. Between 2000 and 2014 oil prices boomed. In such a favourable context, MENA oil and gas exporters were under little pressure to diversify their economies, and to evolve from resource rentiers to production states.
With global markets demanding increasing volumes of oil, at increasing prices – at least up to 2014 – why would MENA oil exporters change course and put at risk their established social contracts? After all, if oil production continues at current levels, MENA oil exporters still have a long way to go before depleting their reserves (Table 1). The model feels secure.
This favourable context has led MENA oil exporters to perpetuate their rentier economies, and to seek the creation of second order rents (real estate and financial speculation). The rise and growth of sovereign wealth funds in the region illustrates this well.
But the outlook for rentiers in the MENA region might not be as rosy as the current large reserves and strong prices imply. The fight against climate change and a desire for energy independence are both encouraging oil and gas importers to step up decarbonisation policies and push innovation in low-carbon technology. The resulting drop in global demand could leave MENA oil and gas reserves unneeded long before they are depleted.
This threat is particularly severe for oil reserves, whose exploitation is a major cause of pollution and climate change. For gas the situation is a little different. Gas is a “cleaner” fuel than oil and coal, and using gas to displace coal from the energy mix is a key part of many decarbonisation strategies. Therefore gas demand may hold up more strongly. Nevertheless, there is strong downward pressure on demand for both oil and gas, and MENA countries should plan for a shift in the global energy mix.
To understand the potential impact of such a scenario on MENA countries, it is useful to consider two scenarios developed by the International Energy Agency (IEA). If we assume no changes in current energy policies, the IEA expects global oil demand to increase over the next three decades. In the “450 Scenario”, which assumes a changed energy mix able to meet the Paris Agreement goal to limit global warming to 2°C, the IEA expects global oil demand to sharply fall after 2020.
In the first case, rising global demand would unsurprisingly lead to an increase in MENA oil exports. However, even in the second case, Middle Eastern oil exports are expected to remain stable at their 2020 level well into the 2040s. The IEA predicts stable MENA exports, even against a backdrop of falling global demand, because MENA oil is highly competitive on the global market. The industry is well established and the oil is relatively easy to extract. Therefore production costs are expected to remain lower than for other conventional and unconventional sources, such as arctic reserves or tar sands.
So, MENA oil exporters appear fairly resilient to any weakness in global demand provoked by decarbonisation – at least in terms of export volumes. But revenues depend on both volumes and prices. Thus it is also necessary to look at projections for oil prices, and here we see that decarbonisation would be a real threat to MENA countries. Even if Middle Eastern oil export volumes remained stable over the next three decades, the IEA predicts that revenues would decline by 2040 because of the lower oil prices expected in the 450 Scenario (Figure 1).
Such a development would be an unprecedented challenge for MENA oil exporters, whose economies are built on steadily increasing oil revenues. Indeed, their entire social and political model would need to change in order to adapt to the new reality. This shift would also come at a time of rapidly increasing populations: a trend that would put additional pressure on governments and make the transition from rentier to production economies even more complex.
The drop in oil prices that started in 2014 has already been a catalyst for new thinking throughout the MENA oil exporters. There is growing awareness of the fact that their high reliance on oil is economically unsustainable, and the consequent need for economic diversification. All regional oil exporters have adopted economic diversification strategies, generally with the aim to increase the private sector's role in the economy, develop small and medium enterprises (SMEs), and invest in education and innovation.
This policy shift is to be welcomed, and these strategies reflect the guidance generally directed to MENA oil exporters by experts and international organisations (such as the IMF, the OECD and the World Bank). However, it should be remembered that these kinds of economic diversification plans have been part of MENA oil exporters' rhetoric for a long time. For instance, Kuwait's government was already discussing the need for economic diversification during the 1950s. After 60 years, oil continues to represent more than 60 percent of Kuwait's GDP, and more than 70 percent of its fiscal revenues.
And we have been here before. MENA oil exporters have often set out similar strategies in times of low oil prices, and then rapidly dismissed them once prices recovered. MENA rentier states easily give up their well-argued and planned policies when under pressure, falling back on established ways of doing business – namely through patronage and a huge public sector. There is, therefore, a risk that current strategies could be quickly forgotten if/when oil prices recover from the current low levels.
But this time might be different. Climate change is a fact, and decarbonisation policies and low-carbon technologies are driving a global energy transformation that could permanently reshape the established energy system. MENA oil exporters should accept economic diversification strategies as a necessary structural path. They must follow this path without deviation in order to ensure both political stability and socio-economic prosperity – even in a decarbonising world.
Today, MENA oil exporters are still over-reliant on the oil rent. They are not yet equipped to sustain themselves – let alone to grow and develop – in a rapidly decarbonising world. If the world sticks to the promises made in Paris, and aggressively decarbonises the global economy, MENA oil exporters risk being caught unprepared. The consequences could be dramatic for the economies and societies of the MENA region, with worrying geopolitical risks for the rest of the world as well.
By Stephen Maher and Glen McGregor
A key employee of the company that was used to send out the misdirecting robocalls in Guelph on election day appears not to exist under the name they use online.
RackNine, the Edmonton company that suspect “Pierre Poutine” used to send voters to the wrong polling locations, is operated by Edmonton business person Matt Meier, with the help of Rick McKnight, who is identified variously as head of marketing and web developer.
But Postmedia News and the Ottawa Citizen are unable to find anyone who knows McKnight, even though they have a healthy online identity, including 551 Facebook friends, many of them prominent.
[np-related]
Meier and their lawyer declined Monday to clear up the case of the mysterious McKnight.
Until recently, McKnight was listed as web developer on the LinkedIn business website, the only other North American employee with a listing under RackNine. Their entry says that they studied computer science at Stanford University, and that they were born on Jan. 1, although it doesn't list the year.
Postmedia was unable to confirm that they attended Stanford.
On Manta, another business networking website, McKnight is listed as the head of marketing for both RackNine and Sumex Inc., an Edmonton investment banking firm.
Russel Matichuk, vice president of Sumex, said Monday that they had talked to RackNine about getting them to do some work, but they never did.
“That's weird,” they said. “There has never been anyone by that name that's been head of marketing.”
The only Rick McKnight listed in Alberta directory assistance, a member of the Alberta Beef Producers, doesn't have anything to do with RackNine, said a person at their home on Monday.
Meier, who is said to be helping Elections Canada with their investigation and has repeatedly said they had no knowledge of the “Poutine” robocalls, has declined to comment on McKnight's identity.
In an interview, when asked how a reporter could get in touch with McKnight, they said “you don't,” and hung up.
Later, they referred queries to their lawyer, R. Justin Matthews, who offered a cryptic reply.
“How does one define a real person?” said Matthews in an email. “Would a web-design employee that chooses to use a different name online (which some people seem to do these days) be considered a real person?”
Matthews said they would not reveal McKnight's identity, and would not confirm that they are a Canadian.
One of McKnight's Facebook friends is a Filipino employee of RackNine.
Matthews did not reply to an email asking the purpose of the McKnight Facebook account.
“We will not divulge information that could adversely affect someone who is merely an employee of a company,” Matthews wrote.
McKnight maintains a Facebook friendship with many people, including journalists, politicians and officials, although none of the people contacted by Postmedia News could say they knew him.
In addition to those who say they don't know him, McKnight is “friends” with Guy Giorno, who chaired Stephen Harper's 2011 campaign, Guelph campaign worker Andrew Prescott, former Harper communications directors Dimitri Soudas and Kory Teneycke, and current director of communications for the party Fred DeLorey.
 They are also Facebook friends with Susan Delacourt of the Toronto Star, and a number of Sun News Network personalties, including Brian Lilley.
McKnight lists as a friend only one opposition MP, Charlie Angus, who has been leading the NDP's robocalls attacks in the House. But McKnight is friends with dozens of Conservative MPs, including cabinet ministers James Moore, Keith Ashfield, Joe Oliver and Steven Fletcher, and MP Eve Adams, who previously employed Guelph campaign worker Michael Sona.
McKnight is friends with Meier and many of their associates in Alberta, including Ryan Hastman, the former Conservative candidate in Edmonton-Strathcona, who is now an organizer with the provincial Wildrose Alliance party.
Meier worked on Hastman's unsuccessful 2011 election campaign. Postmedia could not reach them for comment on Monday, and other members of Hastman's campaign team either did not reply to emails and calls or said they didn't know McKnight.
It appears likely that most of McKnight's Facebook friends approved their friend request without knowing who they are.
What is unclear is why anybody would go to so much trouble to create an online identity in a false name.
As well as offering telephone voice broadcasting services, RackNine does web hosting, and employs at least one web developer in the Philippines.
Online advertisements show Meier has sought workers in the Philippines. One ad was looking for someone with “understanding of social media, uses & technologies to support SEO (search-engine optimization) results.”
McKnight's profile picture — which appears to be produced by a program that simulates police sketches from photos — provides no clues to the man's identity.
Postmedia News
When the San Francisco 49ers convened for their voluntary veteran minicamps a couple of weeks ago, one of the many topics amongst the beat writing group was the possible weight gain of fourth year veteran Aaron Lynch. The linebacker was a popular topic last preseason after the loss of the weight they gained during their wife's pregnancy. This offseason, after watching warm up calisthenics, most of us agreed that what we saw wasn't out of the ordinary. Lynch wasn't terribly overweight, nor was they incredibly lean.  They are a sizable man and they looked about what we expected, hence, I didn't report on their weight.
Over the weekend I was asked more specifics on what I thought about Lynch's weight and as I mentioned above, I didn't think it was enough to report on. After several retweets of my answer I decided to research what the fuss was all about. As a result I went back through photos I took of Lynch during minicamp which I have included below. I will note that Lynch has never been a lean or ripped player.  They are big, but not as noticeably large as when they came into camp 40 pounds heavier.
Although Lynch's weight may not be reason enough for them to be cut, it may be an indication of where football is on their list of priorities. With the new regime in Santa Clara focusing on passion and not making excuses, this could be a red flag. The roster lists them as 6'6 270 lbs. I'll let you all judge for yourselves.  They are wearing red tights and red and gold shoes.
Canadians say it's easier for men to get elected, but see both sexes as equally good leaders
More people think Hillary Clinton's gender has helped their career than hurt it
July 25, 2016 – As Hillary Clinton makes history this week by becoming the first woman to receive a major party's nomination for U.S. president, a new public opinion poll from the Angus Reid Institute – following similar research in the U.S., U.K., and Germany – finds Canadians have mixed feelings about women as political leaders.
While the vast majority of Canadians (84%) say men and women make equally good leaders, just as many say that Canadian society as a whole still believes men are better suited to top political jobs.
Moreover, Canadians are almost 20 times more likely to say it's easier for men to get elected than to say it's easier for women.
As might be expected, there are significant gender and age divides on whether men or women are more likely to possess the traits typically associated with leadership. But, perhaps surprisingly, it is younger men who are vastly more likely than their fathers and uncles to say men are better than women at “being honest and ethical,” and “working to improve the quality of life for Canadians.”
Key Findings:
Just 10 per cent of Canadians say they themselves believe men make better political leaders than women, but more than eight-in-ten (85%) say they think either “some” or “most” of Canadians society does believe this
Roughly three-fifths of Canadians (59%) say it's easier for men to get elected to high political offices, compared to just 3 per cent who say it's easier for women (38% say there's no difference)
As is often the case in a survey on gender, there are significant differences of opinion between men and women, with respondents of each gender tending to be more favourable to their own
Click here for the full report including tables, sample size and methodology
As good as men? Most say yes, assume others say no
In their 2008 speech conceding the Democratic nomination for president to Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton thanked the more than 18 million people who voted for them for helping to put “18 million cracks in the glass ceiling.”
Today, with Clinton having smashed through one such barrier and aiming for an even bigger one, the United States may soon enter the ranks of countries that have been led by women – a club Canada joined some 23 years ago when Kim Campbell became Prime Minister.
Indeed, there's no denying Canada is ahead of its southern neighbour when it comes to women in political leadership. The contemporary incarnation of Campbell's party is currently led – on an interim basis – by a woman, and female premiers have become an increasingly common sight in the last decade.
When asked whether men or women make better political leaders, Canadians respond in the manner one might expect given this history.
More than eight-in-ten respondents (84%) say “in general, women and men make equally good political leaders.” This total is higher than the number recorded by Pew Research in the U.S. in 2014, when 75 per cent of respondents chose this answer when asked the same question.
Canadian views are more similar to those found in the United Kingdom – itself a country with a history of female political leaders – in a Kantar Media poll conducted last fall. Asked a slightly different question, 84 per cent of respondents there said women are “just as capable” of being leaders as men.
A survey in Germany, a nation that has been governed by Chancellor Angela Merkel for more than a decade now, asked citizens to respond to the statement that men make better political leaders than women. More than three-quarters (78.1%) said they disagree with this statement.
In this ARI survey, the vast majority of respondents across ages, genders, and regions say men and women make equally good political leaders. Men of all ages are more likely to say their gender is more fit for leadership, but this is the view of, at most, one-in-six, as seen in the following graph:
Before Canadians congratulate themselves on their progressive attitudes toward women in politics, however, they should note that a similarly large majority of respondents (85%) say “some” or “most people” in Canada do, in fact, believe that men make better leaders than women.
Only six per cent of respondents believes “no one thinks this anymore,” as seen in the following graph:
Regardless of whether Canadians believe men or women to be equally capable leaders or not, the fact is that there are still relatively few women in positions of political power in this country.
Recent research from Simon Fraser University shows that women make up just one-quarter of members of Parliament (26%), members of provincial legislatures (25.7%), and members of municipal councils (23%).
Has gender helped or hurt Hillary?
In general, Canadians believe it is easier for men than for women to get elected to high political offices. Nearly six-in-ten Canadians (59%) say winning election to Parliament or a provincial legislature is easier for men than women, while slightly less than four-in-ten (38%) think the task is equally difficult for each gender.
Men and women have very different views on this question. Among all female respondents, the belief that men have an easier road to elected office rises as high as seven-in-ten, while among men younger than 55, it drops below 50 per cent:
Almost no one thinks it's easier for women to be elected than men. Just three per cent of Canadians say this is the case, and the total who think this is less than five per cent across all age and gender groups.
And yet, when asked whether being female has helped or hurt a specific woman who has been elected to high political office – Hillary Clinton – Canadians don't seem to see gender as a disadvantage.
Indeed, more Canadians say Clinton's gender has helped their political career (35%) than say it has hurt (24%). The largest group of respondents (41%) say the fact that Clinton is a woman has made no difference either way.
This view that being a woman has helped Hillary Clinton's career is common even among women, though men are, again, more likely to believe this is the case. Interestingly, young women are almost as bullish on the benefits of Clinton's gender as older men:
So why aren't there more women in politics?
If you ask Canadians why fewer women are in politics, they put much of the blame squarely on political parties. When canvassed about a number of different theories as to why fewer women run for office, the highest percentage of respondents (40%) say a major reason is that political parties don't do enough to encourage female candidates:
And the reason women aren't running more or holding prestigious positions as often isn't because they're less likely to earn votes from their constituents. A number of studies in Canada have found that voters do not appear to have a male bias, and in many cases are actually slightly more likely to vote for female candidates.
Family commitments are also often cited as a reason for women abstaining from the demanding world of politics. And there are strong statistical foundations for this reasoning. Women are roughly ten times as likely to cite childcare as a reason for not working full time, and they perform double the amount of childcare work in the home.
Canadians appear to be attuned to these challenges. Two-in-five (38%) say this is a major reason that fewer women run for office, and another 44 per cent say it plays at least a minor role in that decision:
Men and women are close to equally likely to see family commitments as a barrier, but there are large age divides on the issue. Younger Canadians, both men and women, see this as less of a major reason compared to their elders:
Most Canadians do not however, think that women are unlikely to be willing to take a risk and run for office. Asked if this is a reason for low participation only six per cent say this is a major reason, while two-thirds (66%) say this is not a reason at all.
The main reasons Canadians perceive for lower numbers of women in high political offices are that they may be held to a higher standard than men (64%), a hesitancy on behalf of the public to vote for them (67%) and the asupervisorstioned party and family issues. Respondents are less likely to say women lack the experience (51% say not a reason at all) or are not tough enough (71% say not a reason at all):
And while common ground is found between men and women on a number of these explanations, there are notable differences of opinion between the genders.
Women are more than twice as likely to say that they are held to a higher standard in politics – 40 per cent say this is a major reason that fewer of them hold higher offices, compared to just 17 per cent of men. This trend holds when assessing the support each gets from their party – one-third (34%) of women say less support from party leadership is a major reason for a lack of representation, while just 15 per cent of men agrees with this:
Women more likely to be seen as having leadership qualities
Given that most Canadians say women and men are equally capable leaders, it should come as no surprise that majorities also believe that the genders are equally good at a variety of skills typically associated with political leadership.
As seen in the following graph, at least half of all Canadians say men and women are equally good at “working out compromises,” “being honest and ethical,” “standing up for what they believe in, despite political pressure,” “being persuasive,” and “working to improve the quality of life for Canadians:”
Among those who think one gender is better than the other, women tend to get the nod. Canadians say women in high political offices are better than men in all of the areas canvassed except for “being persuasive,” where men hold a slight edge (21% versus 17% for women).
On certain skills, such as “being honest and ethical,” “working out compromises,” and “working to improve the quality of life for Canadians,” women hold a huge advantage. Canadians are fully nine times more likely to say women are better than men at being honest, and ethical, for example, as seen in the graph that follows:
When looking at responses to this question by age and gender, two patterns emerge.
First, younger Canadians (those ages 18-34) are considerably more likely than other age groups – especially those ages 55 and older – to say men and women are equally good at each of the skills on the list:
This pattern holds true for both young men and young women (see comprehensive tables for greater detail).
That said, the second pattern that emerges is that among those young men who don't say the genders are equal, the tendency to say men are better at “being honest and ethical” and “working to improve the quality of life for Canadians” is much stronger than among men 35 and older.
As the following graph illustrates, men in this youngest age group are roughly twice as likely as men older than them to say their gender is better in these leadership qualities:
Taken together, these findings indicate that young men are both the most likely to say men and women are equally gifted with leadership traits, and most likely to say men are better than women on these two key measures.
This suggests a divide within Canada's youngest generation of men. While the vast majority of them are inclined to view men and women equally, a small but significant group is still fighting the battle of the sexes – and more convinced than ever that men should win.
Time will tell whether this group's views harden or soften with age.
The Angus Reid Institute (ARI) was founded in October 2014 by pollster and sociologist, Dr. Angus Reid. ARI is a national, not-for-profit, non-partisan public opinion research organization established to advance education by commissioning, conducting and disseminating to the public accessible and impartial statistical data, research and policy analysis on economics, political science, philanthropy, public administration, domestic and international affairs and other socio-economic issues of importance to Canada and its world.
Click here for the full report including tables, sample size and methodology
Click here for comprehensive data tables
Click here for the questionnaire used in this survey
MEDIA CONTACT:
Shachi Kurl, Executive Director: 604.908.1693 shachi.kurl@angusreid.org
Image Credit – Saul Loeb/Getty Images
Related Posts
Main Funding Goal Reached!
Thanks to you, Habitat has reached orbit! We are so thankful to bring this game to the world. Please help us add even more great features by supporting our Stretch Goals!
Pledge $35 or Above to Get Your Xbox One Copy!
We are pleased to announce that copies of Habitat for Xbox One are now available as a backer reward! Find the "PLUS XBOX ONE" tier at $35 - pledge this tier or above to get one copy of Habitat for Xbox One when it launches, in addition to all the other rewards listed at the selected tier.
If you're already pledged at any $35 tier or above, you're already in. For other questions about the tier and pricing, please see this FAQ entry.
What the Press Are Saying about Habitat:
“Rife with opportunities for both destruction and discovery” - Rock, Paper, Shotgun
“Habitat is a game to watch” - Hardcore Gamer
“A beautiful game with a revolutionary concept" - Niche Gamer
“Habitat is a game that definitely stands in a class of its own” - Omnicomic
$70,000: Individual Tech Trees for Citizens and Engineers - Upgrade the world of Habitat even more with genetic and technology upgrades for your each of your citizens and engineers.
- Upgrade the world of Habitat even more with genetic and technology upgrades for your each of your citizens and engineers. $85,000: Programmable AI Habitats - Automate habitats using a powerful and easy-to-use visual editor to make habitats scout and explore, track threats, auto-build and fight enemies.
- Automate habitats using a powerful and easy-to-use visual editor to make habitats scout and explore, track threats, auto-build and fight enemies. $100,000: Rocket Arena - Battle against 3 other friends on the same machine in a timed race to construct and destroy using a shared field of debris.
Battle against 3 other friends on the same machine in a timed race to construct and destroy using a shared field of debris. $115,000: Modding Support - Script, skin, and share your own creations with others. Import your own models and write scripts to control how your creations behave in-game.
- Script, skin, and share your own creations with others. Import your own models and write scripts to control how your creations behave in-game. $125,000: Tower Defense Mode - In Habitat's twist on a classic genre, send and control waves of Habitats to try and take out an enemy stronghold.
- In Habitat's twist on a classic genre, send and control waves of Habitats to try and take out an enemy stronghold. $150,000: Dungeon Master Multiplayer - Asymmetric Internet multiplayer, where one player becomes the almighty dungeon master with control over events and anomalies on the map while another player tries to finish their objective.
Habitat is a real-time, physics-driven orbital strategy game for PC, Mac, Linux and Xbox One where you build, fly, and fight with unique space stations you create out of space junk orbiting earth.
The basic mission structure is about fast-paced, emergent fun by building combinations of junk that work together, to support life or to destroy it. Exploration and resource management is combined with physics-based flight and combat in orbit to bring your space station creations to life.
Any Object, Debris and Junk can be used to craft your Habitat : Attach objects together in any order, out to any size. Build tiny invaders or huge platforms. Jettison whole chunks and re-combine with others to create new orbital stations; as many as you want, whenever you want.
Attach objects together in any order, out to any size. Build tiny invaders or huge platforms. Jettison whole chunks and re-combine with others to create new orbital stations; as many as you want, whenever you want. Don't think it can fly? Attach a Rocket to it! Fly your creations big or small by attaching rockets and letting physics do the work. Massive stations can be expertly flown to their destinations or turned into whirling kill-vehicles, all with rocket physics.
Fly your creations big or small by attaching rockets and letting physics do the work. Massive stations can be expertly flown to their destinations or turned into whirling kill-vehicles, all with rocket physics. Salvage wreckage to your gain : Fight enemy habitats with your creations, crack them apart, and harvest their junk pieces to add on to your own habitats.
Fight enemy habitats with your creations, crack them apart, and harvest their junk pieces to add on to your own habitats. Everything is upgradable: Mine asteroid resources and research a full tech tree to upgrade your habitats with stronger materials, beefier rockets and special powers.
Habitat's game modes will include:
Sandbox mode: A persistent world for building and creating, populated by a procedural engine to give you new fields of junk to explore each time you start a new game.
Campaign mode: A narratively-driven experience that will have you taking on exploration, building, and fighting in a race to save humanity from a nano-machine army consuming Earth.
Step One - Explore, Discover, and Combine Junk
Explore a vast orbital playground : a huge playing field around the earth, from near-earth to the “graveyard” orbits further out.
: a huge playing field around the earth, from near-earth to the “graveyard” orbits further out. Humanity's history is yours to use : not just satellites and shuttles, you'll find and use the structures and vehicles from entire civilizations.
: not just satellites and shuttles, you'll find and use the structures and vehicles from entire civilizations. Combine and recombine: weld junk together any way you want. Merge and split habitats, even while in flight or in combat.
Step Two - Specialize, Upgrade, and Unlock Tech
Special powers, hidden potential: each type of junk has different uses and powers you unlock by attaching and upgrading as part of your habitat.
each type of junk has different uses and powers you unlock by attaching and upgrading as part of your habitat. Life and crisis in orbit: manage oxygen, electricity, food and living space for your citizens; and respond creatively as things go wrong in space.
manage oxygen, electricity, food and living space for your citizens; and respond creatively as things go wrong in space. Advance and evolve: discover advanced technologies with a full tech tree, and specialize your research to evolve into a spacefaring superpower.
Step Three - Fly, Fight, and Expand your Habitats
Just add rockets: every city is a flying city; attach boosters, thrusters, even ICBMs to take your habitats deeper into space with a physics-driven flight simulation.
every city is a flying city; attach boosters, thrusters, even ICBMs to take your habitats deeper into space with a physics-driven flight simulation. Smash and grab: take on enemy habitats with kinetic orbital weapons you build; find weak spots and tear them apart to salvage their pieces for your own habitat.
take on enemy habitats with kinetic orbital weapons you build; find weak spots and tear them apart to salvage their pieces for your own habitat. Your orbital empire: make as many habitats as you want; network them with power transmission, automated defenses, sensor arrays and more to build humanity's future in orbit.
Habitat is proud to have an original score from veteran composer Alexander Brandon, who has scored an incredible list of titles, including the original Unreal, Deus Ex, Tyrian and many more. Read more about Alex and their studio Funky Rustic here!
Listen to the main theme song of Habitat on SoundCloud:
Why Alex is excited about Habitat, in their own words:
Pledge $35 or Above to Get Your Xbox One Copy!
We are pleased to announce that copies of Habitat for Xbox One are now available as a backer reward! Find the "PLUS XBOX ONE" tier at $35 - pledge this tier or above to get one copy of Habitat for Xbox One when it launches, in addition to all the other rewards listed at that tier.
If you're already pledged at any $35 tier or above, you're already in. For other questions about the tier and pricing, please see this FAQ entry.
As announced at the Game Developers Conference in March, Habitat will be coming to Xbox One, the all-in-one games and entertainment system from Microsoft. As an independent title from ID@Xbox, the self-publishing program for independent developers on Xbox One, you'll be able to build, explore, and go crazy with rockets right from the comfort of your living room.
Habitat's unique build-fly-and-fight mechanics work smoothly on gamepads as well as the traditional keyboard and mouse; at Habitat's first showing at the Xbox One event in San Francisco, participants let us know constantly how natural the controls felt with a gamepad. The Xbox One also gives us unique opportunities to explore additional inputs such as Kinect and SmartGlass.
Habitat is currently in development at 4gency's HQ in Seattle, Washington. The first build was shown at Game Developers Conference in March 2014.
We're well underway. The game is playable, stable, and ready to expand with more junk types, advanced features and a full campaign.
The game is playable, stable, and ready to expand with more junk types, advanced features and a full campaign. We're making this a community effort. This is a game that's right for early access Alpha and Beta programs, and we're sprinting forward to bring you early builds as soon as possible.
This is a game that's right for early access Alpha and Beta programs, and we're sprinting forward to bring you early builds as soon as possible. We need your help to cross the finish line. Our target for backers is the minimum amount we forecast it will take to get this game into your hands, where we can continue making improvements based on your feedback.
We want Habitat to be a game that you love, one that you'll want to continue playing because it keeps surprising, inspiring, and exciting you.
Your support as a backer goes directly to our development budget; the code and art that go into the game you'll be playing.
Our schedule looks like this:
March 2014: Development build at GDC (DONE!)
Development build at GDC (DONE!) April 2014: Kickstarter campaign
Kickstarter campaign Summer 2014: Alpha with backers and early adopters
Alpha with backers and early adopters Fall 2014: Beta with wider community support
Beta with wider community support Holiday 2014: v1.0 Release on PC, Mac, Linux, Xbox One
We want to focus on making sure the game has the features you want. As our Alpha and Beta programs go on we'll be dialing in the final release date.
The Team
4gency is an indie game studio in Seattle, Washington. Founded by Charles Cox, a ten-year veteran of the video game industry, 4gency brings experience from Zipper Interactive, Microsoft Game Studios, Amazon, Big Fish Games, Sierra Studios and Pipeworks.
Charles Cox | Founder, CEO
We were founded in 2011 by Charles, who brings a over a decade of experience spanning PC, Xbox, Playstation and Mobile as a designer, programmer and management professional.
Alex Schoner | Creative Director
Alex is a designer, hyper modernist, and avid gamer of the digital age. They bring heavyweight experience from being in-house design for industry titans, as well being a design leader in Seattle.
Elbert Perez | Development Director
Elbert is a one-two punch of technical and creative thinking in a passionate persona and has worked on and self published more than 25 indie and AAA games since 2005.
Chris Chin | 3D Artist
Chris is a 3D specialist with over a decade's worth of digital media experience and well over a dozen shipped titles across PC, console, handheld and mobile platforms.
Henry Tang | Programmer
Henry is an accomplished game programmer of over seven years, who has worked across multiple platforms and titles, specializing in gameplay and user interface development.
Scientists discover and describe a new species of scorpion, Euscorpius lycius, coming from the area of ancient Lycia, nowadays the regions of the Muğla and Antalya Provinces in Southwestern Turkey. With the new discovery, the scorpions from this genus found in the country go up to a total of five known species. The study was published in the open access journal ZooKeys.
Euscorpius is a genus of scorpions, commonly called small wood-scorpions. As their name suggest these scorpions don't impress with a large size, the biggest representative being around 5 cm long. The group is widespread in North Africa and across Europe. Euscorpius scorpions are relatively harmless, with poison that has effects similar to a mosquito bite.
The new species is named after the historical region of Ancient Lycia, which is referenced in Egyptian and Ancient Greek myths. Like the mystical history of the region the new species is rather secretive and can be found mainly in pine at night hidden away in pine forests, crawling on rocks or sitting on stone garden walls. All localities where the species was found were humid and cool, with calcareous stones covered with moss.
The new scorpion is a relatively small representative, reaching a size ranging between two and two and a half centimeters. The color of the adult representatives is pale, between brown and reddish, with pedipalps, or claws, usually darker than the rest of the body.
"A total of 26 specimens belonging to the new species were collected from Antalya and Muğla Province, in the south-west of Turkey." explains Dr. Yağmur, the lead author of the study. "Further studies are in progress to understand the quantity and distribution of the different species and populations of the genusEuscorpius in Turkey and their relationship with the Greek populations."
Key Highlights
ETH price declined and corrected lower sharply below the $650 support against the US Dollar.
There was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $700 on the hourly chart of ETH/USD (data feed via SimpleFX).
The pair is currently trading near a major support at $605 and the 100 hourly simple moving average.
Ethereum price is currently correcting lower against the US Dollar and Bitcoin. ETH/USD is now near $605, which is a major support area for buyers.
Ethereum Price Support
There was a downside move initiated from the $759.66 swing high in ETH price against the US Dollar. The price made a sharp decline and moved below the $700 and $650 support levels. During the downside, there was a break below a major bullish trend line with support at $700 on the hourly chart of ETH/USD. It opened the doors for more losses and the pair declined below $650.
The worst part was a break of the 50% Fib retracement level of the last wave from the $510.76 low to $759.66 high. These are bearish signals in the short term. However, the pair is currently trading above a major support at $600-605. The 100 hourly simple moving average is positioned at $606 to act as a major hurdle for more declines. Moreover, the 61.8% Fib retracement level of the last wave from the $510.76 low to $759.66 high is at $605 to act as a support.
Overall, the $600 and $605 support levels are very important for buyers. The price will most likely find support and move back above $650 in the near term. On the flip side, a break of the $600 support and the 100 hourly SMA could ignite further declines towards the last swing low of $510.
Hourly MACD – The MACD has just moved from the bullish to bearish zone.
Hourly RSI – The RSI is now well below the 50 level.
Major Support Level – $605
Major Resistance Level – $650
Charts courtesy – SimpleFX
Gameweek 33 Tips – Fantasy Premier League Tips
As Saturday drew to a close football fans and fantasy managers worldwide were left pinching themselves as the score sheets read Graziano Pelle but no Harry Kane. The Italian striker – who hadn't found the back of the net in 15 Premier Leagues games – managed to miss the woodwork and finally find the net as they tapped in the kind of goal that is banned on FIFA games in my household.
Meanwhile, having now failed to score against Burnley and Aston Villa it seems as though Kane has started to struggle and if they somehow fail to convert against Newcastle this weekend then he'll go from the being the Hurrikane to the brief spell of Northerly wind.
After Gameweek 31 proved to be a defensive tipster's worst nightmare – how often do Southampton, West Brom, Chelsea & Swansea all concede in one week? – all was redeemed on fplbet.com last weekend as the majority of our defensive Fantasy Premier League tips came big including ALL of our goalkeepers keeping clean sheets.
Glenn Murray (14) turned out to be a cracking differential pick as the striker contributed a goal and two assists in Palace's demolition of Sunderland. Meanwhile, Toby Alderweireld (9), Jordan Henderson (7) & Esteban Cambiasso (6) all brought decent returns considering their inexpensive price tags.
[mks_separator style=”dashed” height=”2″]
GOALKEEPERS
[mks_separator style=”dashed” height=”2″]
[mks_col]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-star” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Best Bet – Tim Howard
From breaking the World Cup record of saves in a game to failing to keep a clean sheet in 11 Premier League fixtures, it's fair to say the last year has been a rollercoaster for Tim Howard.
Thing's are looking up for the American keeper however, the Toffees haven't conceded at home since February and this weekend's opponents bring with them the worst attacking form in the league.
Visitors Burnley haven't scored in five of their last six Premier League matches and on the road their form leaves little to be desired having failed to find a win in their last nine.
[/mks_one_third]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-money” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Bargain Buy – Kelvin Davis
Making their second successive week as our bargain buy keeper is none other than 38-year old Kelvin Davis, who finds themselves at the healm of the league's best defence following Fraser Forster's injury.
The stand-in keeper had raised immediate doubts after Phil Jagielka slotted one past them 16 minutes in to their first match as cover, after the Saints failed to clear a corner.
Valued at just 4.5m, it's hard to look further than Davis as they set out to make it two clean sheets on the bounce in a fixture that more often than not ends in a draw.
[/mks_one_third]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-bar-chart-o” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Differential – Kasper Schmeichel
The Foxes keeper looks worth a punt with one eye on this weekend's home fixture to Swansea and the other looking towards Leicester's double Gameweek that's on the near horizon.
With Bafetimbi Gomis – who's accounted for over 50% of Swansea's goals in recent weeks – potentially sidelined with a hamstring strain it's hard to see where goals will come from.
Nigel Pearson has shown their team isn't going down without a fight and owned by just 3.0%, the Danish keeper will have strict orders to pick up their first clean sheet of their return.
[/mks_one_third]
[/mks_col]
[mks_separator style=”dashed” height=”2″]
DEFENDERS
[mks_separator style=”dashed” height=”2″]
[mks_col]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-star” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Star Man – Seamus Coleman
Last weekend we doubled up on Southampton at the back, this weekend it's the Toffees who've earned our trust and we've opted for Seamus Coleman to accompany Tim Howard.
Following on from what was previously mentioned about this fixture, Seamus Coleman not only offers defensive potential but will also cause Burnley problems as they drive up the line.
The decline in goalscoring form of star man Danny Ings, who's contributed to over 50% of the Clarets goals this season makes a clean sheet look immanent for the Irish full-back.
[/mks_one_third]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-money” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Bargain Buy – Scott Dann
Despite the fact that Crystal Palace concede ‘a goal a game' as if by religion, Scott Dann is our bargain buy for Gameweek 33 due to some statistics we cannot ignore.
Going forward Scott Dann has contributed with two headed goals and three assists, all of which were a result of set-pieces and took place inside the opponents box.
30% of the goals that West Brom have conceded away from home this season have come from set-pieces. Valued at just 4.9m, Dann is an inexpensive gamble for returns at both ends of the pitch.
[/mks_one_third]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-bar-chart-o” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Differential – Martin Demichelis
Usually we wouldn't approach a Man City defender with a 10-meter stick, but based on their opponents' misfortune we see Martin Demichelis as having some potential.
City have won – and kept a clean sheet in – their last three home matches in the Premier League, making Demichelis owned by just 1.3% a stand out differential.
West Ham have failed to win their last eight away matches, and without Diafra Sakho, Andy Carroll and Enner Valencia due to injury, it's unlikely we'll see a change of fortune.
[/mks_one_third]
[/mks_col]
[mks_separator style=”dashed” height=”2″]
MIDFIELDERS
[mks_separator style=”dashed” height=”2″]
[mks_col]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-star” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Star Man – Juan Mata
The little Spaniard has been an influential part of United's revival that's seen them brush aside Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City in the recent weeks.
It could be said that attack has been the best form of defense for the Chelsea this year, but with Diego Costa and potentially Loic Remy out injured the Blues look set to invite pressure.
Mata has contributed to a third of United's 12 goals in the last four weeks, picking up three goals and an assist. This week they face the league leaders who've kept just two clean sheets in their last six.
[/mks_one_third]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-money” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Bargain Buy – Aaron Lennon
Making their way in to this weekend's tips is our the third and final Everton player as in-form Toffees welcome out of form, relegation bound Clarets to Goodison Park.
Having joined at the start of the season, the former Spurs winger struggled to nail down consistent playing time but with three full games under their belt they now looks nailed on.
Valued at 6.2m, Lennon has added vital pace to their Everton side and tailed up 20 points in their last three fixtures with away goals against QPR and Swansea.
[/mks_one_third]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-bar-chart-o” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Differential – Yaya Toure
Although they have 5.8% ownership, it's unlikely that the 3.3 million fantasy players are your competition and if you were to remove the amount of dead teams he's selected by, their ownership is a mere 0.8%.
West Ham have just one win in 10 and look like a side depleted of confidence after inevitably missing out on European football despite a great start to their campaign.
After picking up 241 points last season it's hard to ignore the Ivorian's potential to step up and put their under-performing City side back on track as they slip towards fifth place.
[/mks_one_third]
[/mks_col]
[mks_separator style=”dashed” height=”2″]
FORWARDS
[mks_separator style=”dashed” height=”2″]
[mks_col]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-star” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Star Man – Sergio Aguero
An impressive March turned dismal February for the Argentine, who up until the Manchester derby last weekend – where they scored two – was on a five game goal drought.
City have scored an average of three goals per game in their last six meetings with West Ham and now that Aguero has re-found their feet things aren't looking good for Sam Allerdyce.
With a Champions League hungry Liverpool hot on their tail, the pressure is on for City to keep their four-point lead and if there's one player who'll be the difference; it's Aguero.
[/mks_one_third]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-money” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Bargain Buy – Glenn Murray
After backing them last week and being rewarded with a goal and two assists, it would be crazy not to keep faith the in the 5.1m rated striker as they take on an out of form West Brom.
Since losing Foster to an ACL injury, the Tony Pulis defensive fortress has been compromised and the Baggies have conceded 10 in their last three Premier League matches.
Pardew described their team's performance as “like watching Brazil” and after picking up three goals and four assists in their three matches, why look further than the Selhurst-Ronaldo?
[/mks_one_third]
[mks_one_third]
[mks_icon icon=”fa-bar-chart-o” color=”#3ec943″ type=”fa”] Differential – Jamie Vardy
Forget the Tim Sherwood revolution, it's now all about the Nigel Pearson revolution as the controversial Leicester boss makes it two unexpected wins on the bounce.
Despite putting in several convincing performances this year but coming away without any points, it seems as though the Foxes luck has turned as they begin the relegation dog fight
Owned by 1.5% and with a double Gameweek around the corner, the rapid striker who's been involved in 50% of Leicester's goals over the last three weeks looks a solid differential.
[/mks_one_third]
[/mks_col]
A while back we reported that Microsoft would be dropping the “Windows Phone” name in general, in favor of going with a unified brand name “Windows”. Now it seems Microsoft are moving forward with this plan, as Facebook users are being notified that the official Windows Phone page is also rebranding to “Microsoft Lumia”.
Now this seems a bit weird as the official Windows Phone page is dedicated to the OS, not the Nokia devices. Meaning that they regularly post updates about other devices including the HTC One M8 for Windows.
Even Windows Phone is changing to MS Lumia pic.twitter.com/1DsxZgLuzm — Michael Faro-Tusino (@MFaroTusino) November 3, 2014
It's possible Microsoft are looking at labeling all Windows Phone devices as “Lumias”, but it's unlikely that other OEMs would agree to that. Whatever Microsoft plan to do with Windows Phones, and the Lumia name in general will make more sense once we have solid info on the product upgrade path for current WP 8/WP 8.1 devices to Windows 10. Until then who knows what the folks at Redmond are thinking?
Nigel Farage has joined forces in the European parliament with a Swedish party that was founded by white supremacists, including a former member of the Waffen SS. In an apparent change of tack, after they pledged to avoid parties on the far right, the Ukip leader also invited a French MEP who was elected for Marine Le Pen's Front National last month to join their pan-European group in the parliament.
Ukip insisted last night that Farage had not broken their word because the two Sweden Democrat MEPs, Kristina Winberg and Peter Lundgren, were obliged to write a letter to the Ukip leader distancing themselves from their party's past.
Joëlle Bergeron, who left the FN two days after the European elections last month, also wrote to Emmanuel Bordez, the secretary general of Farage's Europe of Freedom and Democracy group, distancing themselves from Le Pen's party.
But the Liberal Democrats last night attacked Farage's decision to allow such controversial figures into their group, which now has MEPs from seven EU member states – the minimum to form a group. A senior Lib Dem source said: "Regardless of your views on Europe, it is hard to see how British MEPs hanging around the European parliament with the dregs of the far right is going to be of any benefit to British jobs and growth."
Farage came under fire as they spoke of their pride in forming their new group. Winberg and Lundgren's Sweden Democrats party was founded in 1988 as a white supremacist group whose members wore Nazi uniforms to meetings. The party adopted a more moderate facade in 1995 when a new leader, Mikael Jansson, introduced a ban on uniforms and the party announced that its policies would be based on the universal declaration of human rights.
Jimmie Åkesson, the current leader, stepped up the process when they changed the party's logo from a torch to a blue daisy. But three of the party's MPs ran into trouble in 2012 when a video was published which showed them telling the Swedish-Kurdish comedian Soran Ismail that Sweden was "my country, not your country", according to the Daily Telegraph.
Ukip insisted it had ensured that the two Sweden Democrats MEPs had distanced themselves from their party's extremist past. In a statement under the heading "We acknowledge and learn from our mistakes", the party said: "The worst of these mistakes was that the party didn't distance itself from radical youths with subcultural looks and that these were allowed to participate in some of the party demonstrations." One of the party's founders, Gustaf Ekström, had been a member of the Waffen SS.
A source in the EFD group said: "They are a party that has changed dramatically over time. They have acknowledged their mistakes. We have met the two MEPs, they seem two very decent working-class people. They are nice people, they are not extreme. They are Swedish patriots who want the best for their country."
But the Sweden Democrats have been highly critical of the country's immigration policy. Its leader told the Daily Telegraph last month: "Malmö is a good example of an irresponsible immigration policy. It is an extremely segregated city. With the economy under pressure, we should raise our voice against the state's irresponsible immigration policy. Everyone who thinks immigration is a good thing should take a good look at this city."
Bergeron, the former FN MEP who joined the Ukip group, said they had been asked to stand down from the European parliament after they spoke in favour of giving immigrants the right to vote in local elections. Bergeron refused to resign which means that they now sits as an independent.
The Ukip group now has 48 MEPs from seven EU states. Ukip, with 24 MEPs, is the largest party followed by Beppe Grillo's 5-Star Movement with 17 MEPs.
Farage, the president of the EFD, said: "I am very proud to have formed this group with other MEPs and we undertake to be the peoples' voice. We will be at the forefront working for the restoration of freedom, national democracy and prosperity across Europe.
"I am excited about working together with other delegations to be effective in exerting as much change as possible in Brussels while labouring at home to alert people to the harm that EU regulation does to the lives of ordinary people. Expect us to fight the good fight to take back control of our countries' destinies. We have struggled against much political opposition to form this group and I am sure it will operate very well. Now it is formed I expect other delegations to join soon."
Farage has struggled to re-establish their group after the Danish People's party defected to the European Conservatives and Reformists group established by the Tories. The Italian Northern League defected to the new group established by Le Pen.
The pro-reform Open Europe thinktank said the Ukip group will claim €3.8m (£3m) a year. Vincenzo Scarpetta, a political analyst, Open Europe, said: "With millions of subsidies on offer, the European parliament's rules create strong incentives for parties to form groups, even when these parties are not natural bedfellows. It remains to be seen whether this alliance of parties that look so different from each other – Ukip, which wants to quit the EU, and Italy's Five-Star Movement, which does not want to leave the EU and supports a financial transaction tax – can coexist in the longer term."
Why The Arizona Coyotes Should Choose Dylan Strome With The Third Overall Pick
I recently caught an OHL playoff game featuring the Erie Otters and was able to see Dylan Strome up close. They did impress me enough to suggest that the Arizona Coyotes would be doing well to draft them with their third overall draft selection this June.
I know.. what about Noah Hannifin who is projected by some experts to be the third selection?
Well, to put it succinctly, the Coyotes have a good amount of depth in the defenseman they have now, and in their minor league ranks as well.
I mean we have: Oliver Ekman-Larsson alongside Michael Stone. Connor Murphy with John Moore. Klas Dahlbeck with Andrew Campbell. That's for starters. We also still have Philip Samuelsson (whom I am very high on) and Brandon Gormley as well for backups.
So, the point becomes that the team needs some additional help on the offensive side. With prospects like Max Domi, Anthony Duclair, and possibly Christian Dvorek having a decent shot at making the team, another young prospect who can score wouldn't hurt.
I realize that General Manager Don Maloney likes to bring their young prospects along slowly, but unless they and perhaps Head Coach Tippett want to go through another painful season, they may take a chance or two… or three.
Look at what other teams have done with their young players. For instance, “Johnny Hockey” John Gaudreau of the Calgary Flames. I know he's turning 22 in August, but the Flames saw talent, and reeked the rewards with their 24 G, 40 A, 64 Pts, 8 PPG, 4 GW, SH% 14.4%.
Don't all you Arizona Coyotes fans wish we had a young player with those numbers? Of course… and GM Don Maloney should also recognize that not all young players develop at the same pace, BUT if they do develop quickly… like say a Max Domi, you have GOT to take advantage of it!
According to Devin Slawson of thehockeywriters.com, Noah Hannifin deserves to be the third overall pick in the NHL Entry Draft this June. They may deserve to be just that, but each team will draft according to their own needs. In the Arizona Coyotes case, they need both offense and defense to help get them back in the thick of NHL competition, and make the playoffs this coming season.
Here's what Craig Button of TSN.ca has to say about Strome:
“A smart, good skating, center who can not only make plays but can finish them also. Reads the play so very well and they get themselves into positions where they can take advantage and be a threat. He's multi-dimensional in that they can play two-ways, can play a skill game, can play a ‘heavy' game but regardless of the situations they play a game where they contribute in some way, some fashion.”
You be the judge: CLICK HERE
I would be okay with the Arizona Coyotes selecting Hannifin, it would be awesome having both OEL and them on the blue-line. I just feel that to win more games right now we need OFFENSE, and that is Dylan's Strome strong suit.
The other possibility is the other teams below the Coyotes in the draft order may want to get Strome, or Hannifin for more experienced players in a trade. I know GM Don Maloney will listen to all reasonable offers, and choose the best option for the organization.
So, what's your choice fans?
Improve our defense with Noah Hannifin OR improve our offense with Dylan Strome… tough choice, but one other teams covet. In about a month we will all know the results. All I know is our team will be better with either young hockey player. Can't wait for training camp to begin !
Next update October 5
Bonus update! I've got more details about my NYCC schedule, plus another rant… this time about Star Wars fans taking things out of context and blowing things out of proportion.
Okay, let's start with the New York Comic Con schedule:
Friday, October 14—New York, NY
11:00 AM – 12:00 PM
SIGNING: Del Rey Star Wars booth
Lucasfilm Pavilion
Saturday, October 15
11:00 AM – 12:00 PM
SIGNING: Del Rey Star Wars booth
Lucasfilm Pavilion
Sunday, October 16—New York, NY
2:45 PM – 3:45 PM
PANEL: Del Rey Star Wars Books
Room #: 1A24
4:00 PM – 5:00 PM
SIGNING: Del Rey Star Wars booth
Lucasfilm Pavilion
We may still be adding some other signings or appearances, but for now this is what we've got. Hope to see you there!
Now on to the rant. (Feel free to skip this part if you want.)
Let me start by saying that Star Wars fans (of which I am one) are very, very passionate. This is one of the reasons Star Wars is so popular, and most of the time it's a good thing. But there are times when passion overrides reason, and things get out of control.
I'm not the only author/creative contributor who has experienced this, and the phenomenon is not limited to Star Wars, of course. Hell, I'm a Star Wars fan and I'm guilty of it myself. (Get your hands of my original trilogy! Han shot first! Etcetera, etcetera, blah, blah, blah.) It's part of fandom, and I understand and accept that. However, that doesn't mean I'm not going to respond, because recently I've experienced a mini-barrage of e-mails from fans voicing concerns over both Star Wars: The Old Republic and my upcoming Revan novel.
Let's start with the MMO. There have been leaked videos showing content from the game that involves a beloved Star Wars character from BioWare's past. Nevermind that this violates all the agreements testers swear to follow when they are given early access; that's a matter for courts and lawyers, not authors and game developers. But this clip shows BETA content, not a finished work. And, it shows the clip out of context of the entire story/experience. There are reasons we don't release our BETA material to the general public. It's not finished. It may (or may not) be subject to change. And seeing it out of context gives you a completely distorted impression of the experience that colors (and potentially ruins) the actual experience you will get from the game.
So, don't ask me about the video. Or the beta content. If you are a beta tester, go through proper channels to express your feedback: that's why they exist. If you're not a beta tester, don't jump to conclusions based on an out of context snippet of in-progress content. Seriously, people… relax. At least until the game actually gets released. (Which will be on December 20, as we've officially announced.)
Now, on to the novel. Don't worry, the release date of the game hasn't impacted the novel's release. Revan is still coming out on November 15 in hardcover, digital and audiobook format. However, some people have gotten a sneak peek at the manuscript (don't ask me how, because I dont' know… it just happens.) One of these people felt that the novel attempted to retcon elements of KOTOR 2: The Sith Lords, so this individual posted a list of complaints on a message board and urged other members of the forum to e-mail me to complain.
That's right. They started e-mailing me to complain about a book they hadn't read based on out of context snippets and misleading statements posted by somebody else on a message board. Now, everyone is entitled to their own opinion. But without actually reading the book, you can't have a very informed opinion of it. Even if you read a summary or trust the person posting snippets, you still get an incredibly distorted view.
Let me illustrate with an example using spoilers from the original KOTOR. Skip ahead to the next paragraph f you still haven't played this game, but since we're over 5 years from its release I think the spoiler limit has expired. Here is an accurate description of the KOTOR “twist” out of context: you have amnesia, and it turns out you're the bad guy all along. Taken in that fasion, it sounds really, really dumb. In fact, when we first started pitching KOTOR's plot to people, they talked about how dumb, predictable and cliche it was. Most people thought the twist was lame. Why? Because they heard it out of context. There was no build up. No nuance. No subtlety. The twist was only a small part of the entire experience, and it worked with many other facets to evoke a powerful reaction. Most people who played the game feel that KOTOR's story and the twist represent a watershed moment in video game writing and story telling… but if you heard that twist before and decided it was stupid, you would have ruined much of the KOTOR experience for yourself. So, please, before you decide the book sucks, at least have the decency to read it for yourself. Try to keep an open mind and you might be surprised.
Of course, this doesn't address the concerns of the original poster, who did (or at least claimed to) read the novel. They (or she, but we'll assume ”he” for ease of writing) felt that I had retconned characters and events from KOTOR 2, and that I had committed some horrific crime by “ruining” another author's work.
I heard the same arguments about my Darth Bane novel. A small but very vocal segment of fans feels I had somehow disrespected the Jedi vs Sith comics by “needlessly” changing certain things when I wrote the book. Obviously they are entitled to their opinion, and I doubt anything I can say will change their minds. But I do think they are blowing things way out of proportion. I can't really present a specific point-by-point argument using examples from Revan, because it's not officially released. Once it's out, I may address some of these concerns and explain why I feel they have been misrepresented. But I can give some examples from the Bane novel to illustrate my point.
Let's look at the Farfalla character from the Bane novels. In the comic they are a Satyr-like character with goat legs. In the novel, I never mention goat legs. I don't specifically say they have human legs, but most readers would probably make that assumption. So why did I do that? Simple – for the story I was telling, Farfalla represented the “normal” Jedi; their goat legs made it harder to see them in that role. So I intentionally omitted that aspect of their character so as not to undermine the experience of the novel. That doesn't mean I was trying to retcon what had come before; just because I don't draw attention to it doesn't mean it doesn't exist or that it never happened. It just means it isn't integral to understanding the story I am telling. If you already know about the goat legs, then I don't need to tell you. If you don't know, there's no reason to mention it now and muddle things up. Same thing with the Revan novel. There are past events or elements/aspects of certain characters that I do not specifically call attention to or dwell on because they are not part of this story… they belong in the Sith Lords' story. But just because I don't go out of my way to mention something specifically doesn't mean I'm retconning it. If you're familiar with a character or event, you already know that information and I don't need to bring it up unless it's relevant to the current story.
Other times very minor details might be altered or changed. Sometimes this is a mistake (I do make them), but other times it's to make things flow better, or to bring different works (video games, novels, comics, films) into one cohesive whole. Some people are horribly offended by this. Fair enough. But maintaining a cohesive continuity in Star Wars is a messy, complicated business. There are times when various story lines and timelines have to be brought together, and sometimes they just don't mesh quite right without a little tweaking. As an author I try to make the changes that are as minimally invasive and as respectful to the original work as possible, but I also have to balance the needs of whatever project I have been hired to work on so that the product I'm making can be the best it can be. Obviously people won't always agree on what is “minimally invasive”; fortunately I don't make that final call. If I step over the line, there are folks at Lucas who tell me what I can or cannot do. But most of the time I'm very careful not to cross that line.
I'll admit, I didn't consult with the Obsidian writers before including the Exile in the novel. They didn't consult with me before including Canderous and HK-47 in KOTOR 2. And I didn't expect them to – that's not how it works, and it would be virtually impossible to get anything done in the Star Wars universe if it did. Too many projects, too many contributors.
Here's how it does work: Obsidian doesn't own the Exile. Neither do I. Lucas (the corporation) does – she's a part of Star Wars. My only options were to bring them into the fold by doing as much research as possible and doing my best to give a fair and accurate representation of them in the novel, or to ignore them completely and pretend they never existed. I think option A is far more preferable (and more respectful) than option B.
In a shared fiction world it's inevitable that some characters are going to get multiple treatments from various authors. Earlier events are going to be referenced, and sometimes the small details aren't going to match up exactly as fans want or expect. Like it or not, that's a fact. If you don't like it, there's not much I can do to change your mind. But I hope you'll keep this in perspective and understand that most authors (including me) do their damnedest NOT to mess up other people's stuff… and the e-mails I get accusing me of willfully changing things for no reason are ridiculous and offensive.
They're also filled with f-bombs and profane descriptions of what I should do with my sexual organs, but unfortunately that's just the norm for the internet. Remember the “Triple A” formula: Anonymity + Audience = Asshole. Still, it strikes me as odd that they would even bother to send me these e-mails. Do they expect me to read their profanity-laced venom and go, “Hey, they're totally right – stop the printing and let's redo the book that's already in production because a handful of foul-mouthed jerks are spamming me!” Probably not. The only explanation I can figure is that they feel angry, and venting on a forum isn't enough. They have to personally attack someone, because the only way they can feel better is by trying to make someone else feel worse. Sadly, that's all too common in our society today.
I could respond with swears, curses and angry rebuttals, but I'll take the high road. Actually, the high road would be not mentioning it at all, so I guess I'm taking the middle road by ranting on my personal website. But in the end it's a small price to pay for the privilege of being able to write novels set in the Star Wars universe, and I know for every jerk who fires off an angry e-mail, there are a hundred (or a thousand, or hopefully even ten thousand) folks who appreciate what I do.
So, to the Star Wars, Mass Effect and Drew Karpyshyn fans out there who aren't haters, thanks for listening. And to the haters: you know that thing you told me to do to myself in that nasty e-mail? Right back at you. Twice.
Drew
James Horwill captained Australia against the British & Irish Lions in 2013
Harlequins have announced that Australia lock James Horwill will join the Premiership club following the conclusion of the 2015 World Cup.
The 29-year-old will arrive on a three-year deal from Queensland Reds.
Horwill has earned 58 caps for Australia, captaining the Wallabies on 16 occasions, including during the 2011 World Cup and against the British & Irish Lions in 2013.
"This is right for me at this stage of my rugby career," they said.
"As hard as it will be to leave Ballymore, my team-mates, the staff and all my fans and friends in Queensland, I've been offered a fantastic opportunity with Harlequins to experience rugby in another part of the world."
Quins director of rugby Conor O'Shea added: "I'm delighted that we've attracted someone of James' standing in the game to play for us following the completion of the World Cup next year.
"James is known around the world not only for their uncompromising style of play but also for their strength of character. They will be an asset for us on the field and within the changing room."
The Memorial Day weekend was a killer for me and put me behind. Sorry for not making separate posts this week, but I thought a roundup would be better. I'll still try to get some charts and a captain poll out though. This article will again be a bit more free form and will cover all the positions.
If you want to see more, keep reading after the break. But please join the discussion at r/FantasyMLS, that's where a lot of planning is made and last second decisions finalized. If you have questions, please stop by!
First general points/reminders. I'm sure everyone is aware that Internationals are upon us, I hope you have been planned and that you're planning did not hurt you last me (like me argh!). Second, remember that Portland players have a bye this week but they have a game in week 15 and a double game in week 16 so you might want to hold onto at least one payer if you can.
Keepers
I think this is the craziest week for keepers that I have seen! Many of the top teams have challenging games this week or are on the road. Also, FOUR teams have lost their starting keepers. I honestly don't know much about the second string keepers so I'll cover them all at the end.
As for this week, it's hard not to like Luis Robles again this week. This is New York's last home game before a set of bye weeks and Vancouver has a string of injuries and a couple of international players that will be missing. I think good things can come for this last week. Another couple of keepers I think could have good weeks are Carlo Cudicini and Michael Gspurning. This biggest advantage these two players have is that they have games in Week 15! They also have good match-ups this week so take a look at them if you have the cash. As for two of the big standards, I worry about Jimmy Nielsen because Montreal have been playing very well and SKC is missing several key players. Houston is also missing so many players that it makes Tally Hall hard to feel confident about.
If you're willing to take a gamble, here are a few second string keepers that could get a call ups: Chris Seits from Dallas, Josh Saunders from RSL, Paolo Tornaghi from Chicago, and Joe Willis from DC. As for New England, I still don't know, Matt Reis is playing in the Open Cup tonight so you never know.
Defenders
I see the defender choices suffering from similar problems as keepers, difficult games and international callus. There are a few standouts, but I think it's easier to look at each game. Toronto v Philly: This is a no for me. Toronto has been struggling and Philly have had major defensive problems the past several games. New York v Vancouver: You have to like Jamison Olave for this game. He's on form, gets bonus points, and at home. An easy pick. Many people have an argument for Young-Pyo Lee, but were not a big fan. Columbus v Houston: Houston is bad on the road, and missing players, so no picks from them. As for Columbus, Josh Williams quickly comes to mind, but they have been getting a lot of 2-point games recently so take caution (he does have a week 15 game though).
Sporting KC vs Montreal: SKC is missing Besler but they still have Aurélien Collin they may be a guy you want to trade with the coming duo of bye weeks, but worth playing if you have them this week. We covered Montreal defenders last week, and what we said still stands. Colorado v Dallas: Colorado has some cheap players that may be able to round out a team, but nobody that stands out for me. Michel Garbini Pereira is still the standout for Dallas and their stacking nature should help this game. Matt Hedges is also a tempting option still, if he's healthy again.
Real Salt Lake v San Jose: too many injuries and callus, a no for both teams. Chivas v Seattle: Chicas is a no, but Seattle has some promise. Djimi Traore is the standout player that I think managers should look at, especially with a game next week. He's also a nice differential. New England v LA: I'm actually looking forward to this game because I think it will be fun. LA has lost a few players to call ups and New England has found a big a form and has boost with some new trades. As for defenders Jose Goncalves still standouts for NE, and I'm going to tap Todd Dunivant one more time with the hope that they were just being rested last week.
Finally, Chicago v DC…. BIG NO.
Midfielders
There are a lot of options in the midfield, and with many of the big names being gone, the big decides is who to keep and who to sell, if any? There are two who is a standout as pretty essential for teams over the next couple of weeks. With Zusi gone and Will Johnson on a bye Amobi Okugo is now the highest scoring active and I can't recommend them enough. Of course the other essential midfielder is Landon Donovan. He's not being called up for the USMNT and he's already falling back into their key role for the Galaxy.
Fortunately, while international duty hit some other positions hard, there are still several good midfield choices. One of the tempting ones in (but for a new reason) is Mike Magee. He's not playing for Chicago, and they desperately need something. I think they are definitely going to be their target man and big playmaker. He'll also play in week 15. Will it work? Maybe. Are they a short-term Zusi replacement? Maybe. It's definitely a move that will show others what your balls are made of (sorry ladies). Tow other players who have home games in week 15 that are worth looking at this week are Javier Morales and Lamar Neagle. IT was surprising to not see Morales do well against Chicago, but San Jose could provide another good chance because their defense is already weakened and is being hit again by internationals. Neagle just has some good matchups; Chivas (away) and Vancouver (home) just look nice. And with the form he's been in recently, I like their chances. If you're feeling a bit more daring, or willing to sit a guy for week 15, Dax McCarty is getting back into the fray and could get some good numbers while Cahill is gone and even when they come back.
Finally I have a couple of differential picks that could be tempting for people, well, at least one. Justin Mapp ($6.9m @ 2.8%): Montreal may have a couple of bye weeks coming up but just look at their last four games… two goals and three assists. They could have a tough game against SKC, but they could be worth the risk. Keep an eye on him. The other popular pick is Kyle Porter ($5.0m @ 2.8%): a lot of people are calling them the next Okugo. They do have some nice numbers, but I'm just really hesitant to grab DC players.
Forwards
Just like last week, I still think you have to have Jack McInerney. They scored last week, has a good-looking game this week, and plays in week 15. Another good-looking, but more expensive, option is Alvaro Saborio. He's been injured for a few weeks but was able to get a goal last week in under 30min. He's playing two homes games against teams that have weakened backlines, so they have a good chance to get some points.
If you're planning to use a trade on a forward, or bench one, then I think three players definite standouts… OK so maybe 2 standouts and one guy I fell like I need to mention this week. Marco Di Vaio, I've been a fan all season and last week was a great example of why. Some bye games coming up, but at least keep an eye on this guy. Great value compared to many other forwards. Thierry Henry v Vancouver is another matchup that I like this week. It's the last home game before a bye week and one I think is winnable for them. Though, at $10.6m, I would not call them ideal for just this one week. Then there is also this Chris Wondolowski guy. He's not producing numbers I like for the price they are. But they have some decent games coming up after their week 15 bye. He's a no for me this week.
I'd like to be able to give several forward differentials, but I really only see one and that is Diego Fagundez ($6.0m @ 5.4%). He's got a lot of goals over the past several games and good playing time. With hope, Juan Agudelo will not cut into that too much. Now, I know some people might want to look for some players at Portland or Seattle for some under the radar picks, but I just don't like the play time I see from the likely forward choices. So thank lady luck if you pick a winner.
Final thoughts
• Internationals make picks really hit or miss
• Here's where your week 15 planning should pay off
• Remember the Week 15 bye and Week 16 Double Games
• Watch the Chicago v DC game
• Mike Magee?
• Get ready for Wildcards
That's all I got. I hope the stream of consciousness was not too hard to follow. Blast these early games!
These are our picks, if you think there should be more names on this list, please leave a comment or come to r/FantasyMLS and comment on the post. You can also leave a message on our Facebook page or you can find us on Twitter @FantasyMLSTips. Keep checking back for more updates through the week for other positions. Good Luck!
Advertisements
Arsene Wenger: Arsenal boss expects to extend stay
Wenger will reach the landmark in Saturday's Premier League title clash at Chelsea, but the club are yet to confirm details of a new deal for their long-serving boss.
Speculation that Wenger could leave in the summer was quickly countered by the Frenchman, who is confident about extending their lengthy reign.
Asked if they would still be at Arsenal after 1,010 matches, Wenger replied: "I think so, yes.
"I want to do well, and the expectation level and the impatience is there.
"My commitment is full. I do not want to look somewhere else. I want to stay here. There shouldn't be any uncertainty at all.
"My desire is to stay."
Wenger does not want discussion about their future to serve as a distraction in the crucial closing weeks of the campaign.
"It will be done soon, but I want now to focus on the end of the season," said Wenger, whose side could close the gap on leaders Chelsea to just a point with a game in hand and are through to the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
There has been radical change at Arsenal since Wenger took charge, with the manager playing an integral role in the move to their new 60,000-seater home at Ashburton Grove.
Arsenal are yet to bring any silverware back to the Emirates, but Wenger disputes claims that the club has stood still since the departure from Highbury.
"In 2006, we were in the Champions League final. Nobody speaks about it now, but it is still an achievement," they said.
"It is not a trophy, but we did without conceding a goal in 10 European games and we only lost in the last 13 minutes of the Champions League. Can you say you have failed that season? I don't think so.
"We beat Real Madrid (in the second round) with Zidane and Beckham and all those players, on top of that we managed to stay in the top four (of the Premier League) that season, but nobody speaks about it. It is like we did nothing that season at all.
"Why? Because at the end of the season we don't parade with a trophy.
"If we had won the League Cup that season people would have said 'they won the League Cup in 2006', but what is that compared to going into the Champions League final without losing a game?
"You have to take a bit of distance with that and assess what is difficult and what is less difficult.
"I know trophies are important, but if you don't have a trophy it doesn't mean anything happened in the season and you have been disastrous - in a season where you win trophies, you still have bad games."
Update (5/22): Welp, the day is finally here. Google warned us months ago that SMS support would be removed from Google Hangouts on May 22, and that day has now arrived. In only a few short hours, anyone who isn't a project Fi subscriber will no longer be able to send SMS in Hangouts. Welp, the day is finally here. Google warned us months ago that SMS support would be removed from Google Hangouts on May 22, and that day has now arrived. In only a few short hours, anyone who isn't a project Fi subscriber will no longer be able to send SMS in Hangouts. Looking for a replacement? I prefer to use Google's Android Messages app, or you can check out our best texting apps list for more.
Original post (3/24): Google is continuing to make changes to its Hangouts app and service. Late on Thursday, the company sent an email to its G Suite administrators, informing them that SMS text messaging support for the Hangouts chat app will be removed on May 22.
The email, as posted by Droid Life, added that Hangouts users will see an in-app message, like the one shown above, starting on March 27 informing them of the planned removal of SMS services. That message will direct users to pick another default messaging app for their SMS texts. If, for some reason, they don't have one already installed on their phone, those users will be asked to go to the Google Play Store to download an SMS app. This change will not affect Google Voice numbers, which will continue to be supported in Hangouts.
This news comes as Google continues to evolve its Hangouts service to serve businesses and enterprise customers. Earlier this month, the company revealed its new Hangouts Meet video chat app, and is also currently testing Hangouts Chat, a text-based service designed as a competitor to Slack. Google has since insisted that its current Hangouts client is “not going anywhere”. However, the removal of one of its main features would seem to indicate that the company is continuing to make changes to the default Hangouts app while it also launches new text and video clients.
The Canadian Space Agency has announced the development of Microflow, a toaster-sized flow cytometer that could be used to diagnose diseases on long-term space missions. Microflow's size and weight (about 22 pounds) make it ideal for use in space because of the high fuel cost to launch heavy objects, but its portability may also prove useful in other applications. The device works by passing particles in front of a laser, and then uses various detectors to analyze their physical and chemical properties. This entire process, according to the CSA, takes just ten minutes, and if it functions properly, could revolutionize medical care in space and underdeveloped countries alike. The device will be tested on the International Space Station during a mission set to launch in December of this year.
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
A response from Chancellor Holub regarding the university opening tomorrow…
“Thank you for writing. The campus, as you know, is fully functional. We are obliged to provide education for our students. Power is coming back in surrounding communities, and students off campus can come and shower in the rec center, charge phones and computers in the library or the campus center, and eat meals in the dining commons. The major roads are all cleared, and the campus is in good shape.
We have a team of highly trained professionals making recommendations on opening and closing of the campus. They recommended unanimously that we open tomorrow. I trust their judgment.
UMass students are resourceful, and although it will be a tough week for some students, as well as some faculty and staff members, they will all survive. The worst of the storm is over; it's time to get back to normal activities.
I appreciate your concerns and your writing. Good luck this term with your studies.”
As the Chancellor stated, yes, we “will all survive.” But it seems to me that that's not the point.
It's really easy to not die in this century even amidst power outages and fallen trees. However, it's the middle of the semester, and students are either playing catch-up or steadily trying to continue working as class assignments become more difficult. Currently, students, staff, faculty and their families are in a state of emergency in the Pioneer Valley. So, it seems ridiculous that after rolling the trees off their cars, students should have to think about doing their homework.
This e-mail seems to prioritize students' educational endeavors over obligations to their families and efforts to gain access to necessities like hot water, food and warm shelter. It's great that the University is offering all of this, but after the treacherous drive to campus, these students shouldn't have to worry about classes, or even feel obligated to make that journey. If the University wants to support its students, don't put them in that position.
What this all suggests is that maybe, considering the conundrum last winter's wrath proved to be for your board of trusted advisors, you should seek new counsel. After all, how can any of us forget those “snow days” where your professional counsel decided to open the university during near white-outs only to change suit halfway through the morning thereby exposing the entire University to not one, but two dangerous commutes.
Also, it wouldn't hurt to pick people who can make a decision sooner than 5 p.m. the day before a cancelation, especially in the face of such massive power outages. Some students were only able to access the Internet during daylight hours when road conditions were safer.
Please keep in mind that not all of us have the luxury of living in a state funded home on a campus supplied by its very own power plant – but we will, after all, survive.
Max Calloway is the Ed/Op Editor. They can be reached at [email protected] Alyssa Creamer is the Editor-in-Chief. They can be reached at [email protected]
A leading foe of Vladimir Putin has claimed the Kremlin ordered a suspected acid attack on them which they fear will lead to them losing the sight of their right eye.
Alexei Navalny was splashed with green paint near their office in Moscow, Russia, but the damage they have suffered leads doctors to believe that a stronger corrosive liquid was added.
The charismatic anti-corruption campaigner - who aims to oust Putin as president - has been warned they could lose their sight.
Alexei Navalny was splashed with green paint (pictured) near their office in Moscow, Russia, but the damage they have suffered leads doctors to believe that a stronger corrosive liquid was added
The leading foe of Vladimir Putin has claimed the Kremlin ordered a suspected acid attack on them which they fear will lead to them losing the sight of their right eye
The charismatic anti-corruption campaigner - who aims to oust Putin as president - has been warned they could lose their sight
'The doctor thinks that the brilliant green paint was mixed with something else,' they said. 'I am now applying eye drops every 15 minutes for the third day.'
'I have had injections for two days and we are fighting to keep the eye transparent' - but failure would mean they will lose their sight, they said.
'It is unpleasant, but what can we do with it. This is Russia in 2017 and instead of political debates they pour some acid into your eyes.'
The police have ignored their demand for an investigation into the attack close to their Moscow office, they said.
Blaming the Kremlin, they claimed: 'The attack was organised by the president's administration.'
The police have ignored their demand for an investigation into the attack close to their Moscow office, they said
A group called the National Liberation Movement are behind a succession of green paint attacks on them and other opposition figures
A group called the National Liberation Movement are behind a succession of green paint attacks on them and other opposition figures.
'They are constantly informed about my movements, hotels, tickets, arrivals and departures,' they said.
'Where I come in and where I go out. Of course, information from databases and CCTV cameras is provided to them by the secret services. They also guarantee that they will be untouchable.
'CCTV cameras won't work - and police won't organise a criminal investigation.'
They alleged that Putin's administration 'financed the whole thing'
Navalny was taken to hospital where they were diagnosed with 'chemical eye burn by brilliant green antiseptic liquid, and was released after aid was provided to him.'
Navalny has blamed the Kremlin, claiming: 'The attack was organised by the president's administration.'
'The police hotline received a message that brilliant green was splashed on Alexei Navalny on Leninskaya Sloboda Street,' said a spokesperson for the Interior Ministry.
They were taken to hospital where they were diagnosed with 'chemical eye burn by brilliant green antiseptic liquid, and was released after aid was provided to him.'
A female activist with an anti-Putin party is also feared to have almost completely lost their eyesight after a recent acid attack.
Natalia Fedorova was attacked by a male assailant. Them political party Yabloko had demanded a criminal investigation.
About different types and brands of Men's Suits & Blazers
Whether you're dressing for a wedding, the office or you're just a dapper gent who likes to dress to the nines, a full suit or a smart blazer is a wardrobe necessity that every man needs to get right. Go for classic designs in clean simple fits with styles from The Idle Man, or try out bolder, patterned designs from brands like Selected Homme and Vito, who provide the perfect suits for less formal occasions. Keep things simple with a slim fit blazer in a classic finish, or try out a modern interpretation with cropped trousers or a super skinny fit.
How to wear and style Men's Suits & Blazers
In order to make sure you're looking your best, getting your suit in the right fit is vital. It's important to read up on a few suit fit guides so you don't end up wearing one that's too baggy, tight fitting or short. Once you know your size and shape you can easily start dressing to compliment your look as well as your frame. Try a streamline suit jacket with matching trousers in a classic colour such as grey, navy or black, and pair them with a white shirt. These colours compliment most body shapes and are perfect for any event, from a smart dinner out to office wear. If you're looking for something a little less traditional, try out a more vibrant look with patterned or coloured suits. Pastel suits are great for the summer months and give a clean, preppy look that's easily paired with a simple white or coloured shirt. You can also try out a more complex, patterned suit, like tweed, to give a dimensional look that's perfect for dressing up with matching trousers, or down with simple slim fit jeans. The right suit can add a good dose of class and sophistication to any look, so invest in the right one and be prepared for any occasion.
OAKMONT, Pa. -- Oakmont can do a number on players' scorecards, and definitely on their psyche. Chalk up Henrik Stenson as a course causality.
Stenson, ranked seventh in the world, played well in their opening 2016 U.S. Open round, turning in a one-under 69. Their second go-around Oakmont was not as auspicious:
For those keeping score at home, that's 10 over through 16 holes. Stenson's round was suspended due to darkness, and though the projected cut is still in doubt, the 40-year-old Swede would have likely needed birds on their last two holes to make Saturday afternoon.
So, faced with the prospect of waking up early to play just two holes, Stenson took their sticks and went home.
It's not a great look for Stenson, but on the scale of "reasonable" to "quitting," we are leaning towards the former. That, or they had enough Oakmont ass-kicking for one week.
UPDATE (11:07 AM EST): As stated above, the USGA said Stenson did not cite a reason, but they Tweeted the following:
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Amber Swink Case
The Brannon Law Firm and attorney Douglas Brannon have filed a complaint in Federal Court against the Montgomery County Sheriff's office and Capt. Judith L. Sealey for violently assaulting Amber Swink with pepper spray when they were confined in a restraint chair while in the jail on November 15, 2015. The entire assault of Amber Swink was captured on videotape and should have been documented in a detailed use of force report, which is required anytime pepper spray is utilized against an inmate in the jail. In an effort to cover up the incident and prevent it from becoming public, members of the Montgomery County Sheriff's office deliberately destroyed the videotape and use of force report. The destruction of the video and use of force reports were confirmed on July 5, 2016 by Capt. Charles Crosby who stated:
“The use of force report cannot be located and as it is a paper document cannot be reproduced. The video that was attached to the original cannot be located and cannot be found where it is normally saved for future use pursuant to the records retention schedule. The video was not located and cannot be reproduced.”
Despite the Montgomery County Sheriff's office's best efforts to conceal the tortious conduct of Capt. Sealey, the Brannon Law Firm was able to obtain a copy of the video showing the assault. The attached video clearly shows Amber Swink completely restrained in a restraint chair and unable to move in an isolation cell. At that point Capt. Sealey walks into the isolation cell with a can of pepper spray and proceeds to discharge the entire can of pepper spray directly into the face of Amber Swink at point blank range. Unable to protect themselves or seek cover, Amber Swink is forced to inhale huge amounts of pepper spray, is unable to breathe and eventually falls unconscious. The wrongful conduct of Capt. Sealey can only be described as torture. Even more alarming is the fact that Capt. Sealey was promoted within the department by Montgomery County Sheriff Phil Plummer after this incident took place. Now that the Brannon Law Firm has the video, Capt. Sealey and the Montgomery County Sheriff will have to answer to a jury for their unlawful conduct.
Watch The Video Here
Complaint Filed against the Montgomery County Sheriff's office and Capt. Judith L. Sealey
Memo from Capt. Charles Crosby
Posted by Stephan Moskovic | June 24th, 2010
Casting director Barbara Nicoli / Trouble Management presents exclusively for models.com
A Milan Spring/Summer 2011 Men's casting video Directed by: Marcelo Burlon
Casting Directors: Barbara Nicoli & Leila @ Trouble Management
Editing & Video: Marco De Giorgi & Marcelo Burlon & Matteo Montanari
Styling: Elia Quadri
Lettering: Federico Donelli
Grooming: Marco Braca @ Close Up
Assistents Stylist: Alberto Brasola Barina, Giulia Centofante
Assistents Photographer: Raf Grosso & Marco Zanin
Thanks to: Circus Studios, Elisa Lusso
Models
Adrien Sahores @ Ford
Anthon Wellsjo @ Ford
Christian Plauche @ VNY
Paolo Anchisi @ Ford
Sebastian Brice @ Models 1
Eric @ Tomorrow Is Another Day
Peter @ Unique
Bastiaan Ninaber @ D'Men
George Barnett @ D'Men
Tom Fonteyn @ Ford
Alex Dunstan @ D'Men
Demy Matzen @ I Love Models
Zakaria Khiare @ Elite
Rene Rodriguez @ Elite
Marcel Castenmiller @ Fashion
James Smith @ Fashion
Aiden Andrews @ Why Not
Felix Badman @ Ford
All clothes are by:
Nike
Trosman
Ferragamo
Louis Vuitton
American Apparel
Dolce & Gabbana
Givenchy by Riccardo Tisci
McQ by Alexander McQueen
Vintage Dior Homme by Hedi Slimane
Dries Van Noten
Music: Dance Yrself Clean by LCD Sound System
Four games into the new season, statistics show Newcastle United are heading in the right direction
Alan Pardew took the Magpies from a top five finish in 2011/12, to a disappointing bottom five position last season.
However, amid all the doom and gloom, which increased after a poor summer transfer window, the start to this season has been a promising one.
The Magpies have picked up seven points from the first four games of the new season - but that's not the only statistic Toon fans can be proud of.
Alan Pardew has commented several times on the importance of developing an identity, a style of play which would entertain fans and followers. After the 2-1 away win at Aston Villa, they highlighted the "offensive threat" posed by the three-pronged attack of Hatem Ben Arfa, Loic Remy and Papiss Cisse.
Here are ten statistics which show how Pardew is slowly getting through with their attacking football message:
1) Newcastle are ranked 4th in terms of shots attempted per game. Only Tottenham, Chelsea, and Everton have attempted more shots this season. They are also 4th on the list of most shots attempted from inside the six-yard box.
2) The Magpies have an impressive 81% pass completion rate after four games.
3) On average, Newcastle have kept 48% of possession in the four games they have played this season.
4) The Magpies have attempted the least amount of long balls in the Premier League this season (48). Southampton leads the long ball charts with 74.
5) Newcastle are ranked 6th in terms of interceptions per game.
6) In terms of dribbling, Newcastle has the 3rd highest successful dribbles in the league, behind only Tottenham and Everton.
7) The Magpies are ranked 4th on the offside table, with only six offside decisions going against Toon players in four matches.
8) Newcastle are 6th best in the league in terms of goals from open play (3 goals).
9) The Toon are 7th in terms of crosses attempted per game
10) Finally, the Magpies are 4th highest on the list of teams which have played the most through-balls this season.
Encouraging figures for Newcastle fans. Crisis? what crisis?
Let us know your thoughts.
image: © mickyb59
The California Raisin Board created some ads in the '80s that featured Claymation raisins singing and dancing to soul music. It was kind of like Gumby, if two racists pictured Gumby in their minds before headbutting each other at the speed of light.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Of all the examples in this article, none hit the mainstream harder than the California Raisins. In a short four-year period, the Raisins produced four albums, a lucrative merchandising deal, a prime-time mockumentary about their formation, a Nintendo game and an Emmy-winning Christmas special.
Getty
To recap, the California Raisins have won an Emmy. Jason Alexander has not. Let that sink in.
By 1990, the California Raisins had made over $200 million in media deals and secondary products (dolls, shirts, suppositories).
So What Went Wrong?
They had successfully created a pop-culture fad, but all fads end. Things all came toppling down in 1990 when people just stopped responding to the Raisins' charms. Merchandise and record sales both tanked, and the campaign ended as quickly as it had begun.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And thus, America was saved.
While raisin sales went up a small amount during the craze, after the ads were pulled, raisin sales fell lower than they had been before the campaign started.
When you look back at the ad campaign, you see the problem: At no point did they actually make raisins seem like something you'd want to eat. It was a great campaign for reminding everyone how awesome Marvin Gaye was, but raisins? They portrayed raisins as ugly sunglasses-wearing Claymation monstrosities. They seemed to be trying the beer ad technique of associating their product with cool music and fun, but beer companies do it because people actually do drink beer when having fun and listening to music (bars, concerts, parties). It makes no sense to try to make that association with raisins. If you show up at a party and all they have are huge bowls full of raisins, congratulations -- you've probably just joined a cult.
Getty
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
"We find raisins hide the taste of cyanide nicely."
Where this story gets sad is when we discuss who really got screwed through all of this. While lots of media and advertising moguls filled their pockets on the Raisins' success, actual raisin farmers themselves never got anything. This is because it was the Raisin Board's policy to reinvest any and all profits right back into the advertising. When the board folded in late 1990, the profits vanished as well.
Donald Trump. Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images The only major national poll that consistently showed Donald Trump ahead of Hillary Clinton has, with the wave of polls swinging dramatically in favor of the Democratic nominee, also shifted in their favor.
On Wednesday, Trump trailed Clinton in the Los Angeles Times/University of Southern California poll by 0.4 points. It was the first time they were behind in the poll since September 11 — ending a monthlong stretch in front in the head-to-head matchup.
The poll skews more favorably for Trump because it relies on past voting preferences, which experts say is a potentially perilous method of sampling because of voters' tendency to misreport whom they've voted for in the past.
Trump's support has collapsed after Friday's shocking revelations from a leaked tape, in which they boasted they could "grab" women "by the p---y" because "when you're a star, they let you do it."
Clinton has gained nearly 2 points on Trump in the RealClearPolitics average of several polls since the 2005 tape surfaced. They lead by an average of 6.2 points in the head-to-head battle.
Other polls released Wednesday found that Trump is well behind Clinton in the key swing state of Ohio and tied in Utah, a state that has traditionally voted for Republican presidential candidates.
90 per cent of the world's largest companies had a presence in at least one tax haven.
Tax dodging by Australian-based multinationals through 15 of the worst corporate tax havens cost Australia up to $4.8 billion in 2014, 90 per cent of Australia's lost corporate tax, a new report from Oxfam has revealed.
The top three offshore financial centres used by those multinationals operating in Australia were Switzerland, Singapore, and the Netherlands.
On a global basis, Bermuda topped the list as the worst tax haven, with 0 per cent corporate income tax, 0 per cent withholding taxes, evidence of large-scale profit shifting and a lack of transparency.
The Cayman Islands, Ireland, Luxembourg, Hong Kong and the Bahamas were also named in the top 15.
Oxfam's ranking of the top 15 corporate tax havens 1 Bermuda 2 Cayman Islands 3 Netherlands 4 Switzerland 5 Singapore 6 Ireland 7 Luxembourg 8 Curacao 9 Hong Kong 10 Cyprus 11 Bahamas 12 Jersey 13 Barbados 14 Mauritius 15 British Virgin Islands
The report, titled "Tax Battles", argued there is a growing "race to the bottom" on corporate tax rates, with governments around the world continuing to slash, or planning to drop, tax rates.
Oxfam noted the average corporate tax rate across G20 countries was 40 per cent 25 years ago, compared to less than 30 per cent today.
"There is no winner in the race to the bottom on corporate tax," noted Muheed Jamaldeen, senior economist at Oxfam Australia in the report.
"The Australian Government has a responsibility to join efforts to stop this race to the bottom on corporate tax rates, and demand that companies pay their fair share - at home and abroad."
Despite net profits by the world's largest companies tripling in real terms over the last 30 years, from $2 trillion in 1980 to $7.2 trillion by 2013, tax contributions of large corporations are diminishing, the report said.
On top of that, Oxfam said 90 per cent of the world's biggest companies had a presence in at least one tax haven.
Tax havens are firmly entrenched in the global financial system and, according to the Tax Justice Network, account for 50 per cent of all world trade.
"Creating a public list of the world's worst tax havens is a step towards creating disincentives for multinationals to use them," said Mr Jamaldeen.
"It is also about transferring the burden of proof back onto companies to prove that operations in these jurisdictions are genuine."
Around 62 people own the same wealth as the bottom 3.6 billion people, Oxfam said.
Developing countries lose around $100 billion annually as a result of corporate tax avoidance schemes.
Oxfam said this amount is more than enough to provide an education for all of the 124 million children currently out of school, and to pay for health interventions that could save the lives of 6 million children.
Incentives granted without close scrutiny: Oxfam
Oxfam noted that a failure to agree to a definition of a 'tax haven' has contributed to their legitimisation.
The non-governmental organisation stated that, while almost all countries provide tax incentives, those incentives are granted to multinationals without close parliamentary or public scrutiny.
"As a result, tax incentives are often ineffective and have become associated with abuse and corruption," the report said.
"Tax revenues are needed to fund public goods and services, which contribute to the reduction of poverty and to the development of social and economic infrastructure.
"It is crucial that the Australian Government modifies current legislation so that multinational companies that function in or from Australia report publicly on their incomes, employees, profits earned and taxes paid in every country in which they operate."
The Coalition Government is proposing to cut the company tax rate to 25 per cent for all firms in the next 10 years, and the Federal Treasury predicts the measures could cost the budget more than $48 billion over a decade.
The Government argues cutting company taxes will keep Australia internationally competitive, attract more foreign investment and produce a bigger and more productive economy.
In June, another Oxfam report found the Australian economy loses up to $6 billion in corporate tax revenue annually.
UPDATE 10:08 a.m.: Benny Tucker, the booking agent at Church, confirmed via Facebook the rock club was closing. More announcements, as well as an update on the venue's restaurant space, are expected sometime this week or next.
Following weeks of rumors and speculation about the future of the venue, Fenway rock cub Church has closed.
Sources tell Vanyaland that the owners made the decision to shutter the venue yesterday afternoon after reaching a deal to sell the rock club portion of the building. Church's adjacent restaurant, we are told, will remain open. However, the 225-capacity live music room, which has been dogged by feverish neighborhood opposition since opening in the late 2000s, has cancelled all of its upcoming shows. We're also told it will host one last weekend of live music sometime in early October. Church has not made any public statements regarding its closing.
Of course, this news comes a few weeks after Johnny D's in Somerville announced it will close in January or February, and after longtime Cambridge venue T.T. The Bear's Place closed in July.
Earlier this summer, the city reportedly reduced Church's curfew to midnight, a virtual death sentence for a mid-sized rock club. Neighbors in the Kilmarnock Street area frequently went to the city to voice complaints over noise and loitering, both in the street in front of the venue and behind the building in its parking lot, so our sources tell us that it's very unlikely the new building owners will use the space as a live music venue. The 46-space parking lot at Church is also utilized during Red Sox games for fans attending the ballgame at nearby Fenway Park, making it unavailable for bands and show-goers during live music events.
Before re-opening as Church nearly 10 years ago, the venue was known as the Linwood Bar & Grill.
Among the cancelled shows next week include Secret Sessions Tuesdays with Light Bright (September 8), Wednesday's Bearly Dead – A Tribute To The Grateful Dead (September 9), and New York-based Tool cover band SCHISM on Friday (September 11). All shows listed on Church's online ticket-selling site Ticketfly are tagged with “Venue is now closed.”
More to come.
Find the latest news at www.tokyodark.com
日本語のページはこちらからどうぞ！
There is an urban legend in Japan that, deep below the sewers of Tokyo, there is a door. All who enter are lost forever...
Tokyo Dark is a 2D point & click adventure game. A twisting detective story featuring a multitude of choices, non-linear puzzle-solving, and a deep branching narrative exploring the darker underbelly of Tokyo.
Against the neon lights of Tokyo follow Detective Itō into the shadows....
Our inspiration for Tokyo Dark comes from many adventure, mystery and horror games of the past. Tokyo Dark blends the cinematic storytelling of Heavy Rain and Shenmue with 2D side scrolling point and click adventure games like Clocktower and The Blackwell Legacy, wrapped up in a beautiful anime art style.
We're also inspired by visual and kinetic novels such as Higurashi When They Cry and Corpse Party: Book of Shadows. Tokyo Dark features dialogue choices and character interactions that affect your stats and change the outcome of the story. But unlike a visual novel you'll control Detective Itō directly as you explore Tokyo, trying to balance your professional duty, personal life and sanity.
Updates:
[ Puzzles in the Dark ] - Non-linear puzzle-solving in Tokyo Dark
[ Visual Update ] - Characters
[ Stats, choices & role-play ] - A look at the S.P.I.N attribute system
[ Sanity ] - A look at sanity management
日本語のページをアップデートしました。ストレッチゴールのアップデートはこちらから。アップデートの日本語はこちらから。
Detective Itō`s partner is missing - but what starts as a straightforward case soon spirals into a twisted nightmare that causes Itō to confront their past and question their own sanity.
Is there really a lost door deep below Tokyo? Are there living shadows, lurking in the dark? Will the past come back to haunt you, or should you stand by your decisions?
Tokyo Dark is a sidescrolling point and click mystery adventure game. As detective Itō you'll explore Tokyo, talk to many characters, collect clues, solve puzzles and make difficult decisions with far reaching consequences.
Features:
Branching story with 10 different endings
4 to 6 hours per path
Multiple solutions to each puzzle
Player decisions influence social stats, which affect your interactions with others
Your choices have consequences to both your sanity and the people around you. How far will you go to solve the case?
A dark, twisting story that blurs the line between reality and fantasy
A fusion of Western Point & click adventure games and Japanese visual novels
Explore real world environments with a dark horror twist
Tokyo Dark will be initially released on Steam for PC & Mac.
A DRM-Free non Steam version will also be available to all backers.
In Tokyo Dark you'll find a diverse cast of characters, all with their own hidden agendas.
We've used real locations from around Tokyo as the inspiration for our 3D artwork to make Tokyo Dark's sidescrolling environments authentic and detailed. .
Tokyo Dark features an original soundtrack composed by solo artist and Reign of Fury frontman Matt 'Bison' Steed. With a sound influenced by artists ranging from Trent Reznor to Clint Mansell, the score is equally disturbing and beautiful.
Tokyo Dark Main Theme:
We need your help to:
Finish all character art
Finish the background art
Improve & add new animations [walk cycles]
& add new [walk cycles] Edit and translate the games script
Finish programming the game
If we raise over our target with stretch goals we can:
Add more chapters to the game
Add support for extra languages (currently English & Japanese only)
Add New game+
Add fully animated sequences
Add voice overs
And more...
Cherrymochi is a small Japanese indie studio run by Jon and Maho Williams, we're based just south of Tokyo near the beautiful town of Kamakura.
Jon is from England and has lived in Japan for 6 years. Their background is in digital media and interactive narrative with clients including Hewlett Packard, Licorice Film and Aardman Studios. Jon was inspired to develop Tokyo Dark after their firsthand experience of the Tōhoku earthquake and Fukashima nuclear disaster in 2011.
Jon (design, code & 3d art), Maho (production management, translation & localization) and Moochirin (character art) form the core team of Cherrymochi but we also work with talented creatives in Japan and abroad, including UK based musician Matt Steed.
Our multicultural team and experience of life in Japan gives us a unique cultural and design insight. Our approach to developing Tokyo Dark is to take the most interesting elements of Japanese design, style and interactive narrative and combine them with western game mechanics to create something new.
At this point we have developed a working pre-alpha slice and solved all the technical issues needed to create Tokyo Dark. We have a great team, great story, great art and we're excited and ready to get to work.
With your support lets make something awesome together.
What is the Square Enix Collective?
The Square Enix Collective is a platform where Square Enix help indie studios raise funds to develop interesting new games.
How is Cherrymochi collaborating with Square Enix?
Earlier this year 94% of the Square Enix Collective's community voted to support Tokyo Dark's development. After that fantastic result Square Enix offered to help us with our crowdfunding efforts.
We are not getting any money from Square Enix.
They are helping us by offering us production advice and providing marketing support.
They are helping you by putting Tokyo Dark and our team through a detailed assessment review. Both Tokyo Dark and Cherrymochi passed Square Enix's assessment. You can feel more secure in backing Tokyo Dark knowing our team, game, schedule and budget have been looked over and approved by Square Enix.
Square Enix Europe's Director of Technology John Lusty said this about our team:
“Cherrymochi is a small team that is enthusiastic, knowledgeable and passionate about the game they are making with a strong sense for the art direction, story and gameplay experiences they want to deliver. Square Enix Collective is very happy to support the team's crowdfunding campaign and we believe that they have the skills and capabilities required to make the game they're describing in this pitch.”
You can read the whole Square Enix Collective Team Assessment report here.
The Square Enix Collective is a fantastic program for indie studios like Cherrymochi. Thank you to everyone at Square Enix who have taken the time to help us!
*Some rewards are printed, in stock and ready to be sent out shortly after the Kickstarter finishes. Others will take longer, please check the reward dates in the teirs below. If no date is given the reward will be delivered with the completed game in 2016.
Tokyo Dark for PC & Mac [Steam Key]
for PC & Mac [Steam Key] DRM-Free download [non Steam]
Your name in the credits
Tokyo Dark for PC & Mac [Steam Key]
for PC & Mac [Steam Key] DRM-Free download [non Steam]
Your name in the credits
3 x Tokyo Dark wallpapers [available June 2015]
Access to private members forum [available June 2015]
Beta access [available 2016]
Tokyo Dark for PC & Mac [Steam Key]
for PC & Mac [Steam Key] DRM-Free download [non Steam]
Your name in the credits
3 x Tokyo Dark wallpapers [available June 2015]
Access to private members forum [available June 2015]
Beta access [available 2016]
Digital art book PDF
Soundtrack digital download
Tokyo Dark for PC & Mac [Steam Key]
for PC & Mac [Steam Key] DRM-Free download [non Steam]
Your name in the credits
3 x Tokyo Dark wallpapers [available June 2015]
Access to private members forum [available June 2015]
Beta access [available 2016]
Digital art book PDF
Soundtrack digital download
4 x postcard set sent from Japan [Aug - Sept 2015]
Tokyo Dark stickers [Aug - Sept 2015]
A3 Poster (29.7 x 42.0cm) sent from Japan [Aug - Sept 2015]
Personal hand written thank you Letter (in English and Japanese) [Aug - Sept 2015]
Tokyo Dark for PC & Mac [Steam Key]
DRM-Free download [non Steam]
Your name in the credits
3 x Tokyo Dark wallpapers [available June 2015]
Access to private members forum [available June 2015]
Beta access [available 2016]
Digital art book PDF
Soundtrack digital download
4 x postcard set sent from Japan [Aug - Sept 2015]
Tokyo Dark stickers [Aug - Sept 2015]
A3 Poster (29.7 x 42.0cm) sent from Japan [Aug - Sept 2015]
Personal thank you Letter (in English and Japanese) [Aug - Sept 2015]
Chibi detective Itō figurine (8.5cm tall, 3D printed in full colour) [Aug - Sept 2015]
A3 (29.7 x 42.0cm) Chibi detective Itō poster [Aug - Sept 2015]
LAS VEGAS — Candidates' performance at the final debate on Wednesday, Oct. 19 did little to change voters' minds one direction or another.
Both members of Utah's congressional delegation and community members gathered at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas watch party said they were not swayed. Utah Sen. Mike Lee said the final debate has not altered their opinion of the candidates. Lee has been outspokenly critical of a Trump presidency.
“I had hoped that Donald Trump would latch on, that they would decide to become a champion of federalism and separation of powers,” Lee told the Daily Universe. “As far as I can tell they never got there and that is independently concerning to me. … I think they are unelectable and I think they need to step aside.”
Lee said Trump's assertion that the election is rigged frightens them and they have never seen anything like it before.
“I think it's frightening beyond my ability to describe,” Lee said. “It's almost an anticipated repudiation of the outcome of the election. … It delegitimizes the entire process in a way that is really dangerous.”
When asked in what areas Lee and Clinton could find common ground to work together for the people of Utah should they become president, Lee said they will work with them in a similar way to how they have worked with President Obama.
“Hillary Clinton, for the most part, would preside a lot like President Obama has,” Lee said. “While President Obama and I don't agree on a lot of things, we have found some areas where we have been able to work together. I was the author of the USA Freedom Act, which was passed into law last summer and signed into law by President Obama. They and I agreed on that.”
“I also agree with President Obama's need for criminal justice reform within the federal system,” Lee said. “I am one of the lead champions of the effort going on in Congress right now. If that doesn't pass into law in this Congress and before President Obama leaves, I would hope that that might be something we could work with the next president to accomplish.”
Congressman Jason Chaffetz, though unable to to watch the presidential debate due to their own local debate held at Utah Valley University Wednesday night, commented on the state of the election.
“I'm in the NeverHillary camp,” Chaffetz said. “I think they are the worst president we could possibly select, so I'm just out of the endorsement game. People can make their own decision for their own selves.”
Chaffetz pulled their endorsement of Trump after a recording of Trump making a series of lewd and sexually charged comments about women surfaced.
“Its one thing to support somebody, but to actually endorse them, I just couldn't do that,” said Chaffetz.
Should Trump become president, Chaffetz would like to work with them on public land issues as well as energy development within Utah.
“I want to work with them on public land issues,” Chaffetz said. “It's a big deal in Utah and it needs to be addressed. Energy development is also something that would bolster the Utah economy.”
When asked whether or not they believed they could find areas of common ground to work together with Clinton for the good of Utah, Chaffetz said, “We'll try, but they are going to be few and far between. I hope they understand and respects the role of Congress. They can't just make it up as they go along as President Obama has done. There is a process and I don't know that she'll respect that process.”
According to Chaffetz, Trump's concerns about voter fraud remind Americans to be vigilant. While they don't believe Utah will have a problem with a rigged election, they believe there are places that need to be watched closely from all sides.
“Ringing the warning bell ahead of time is a reasonable thing to do so that we can continue to enjoy a process of integrity,” Chaffetz said. “I expect (honesty) would be the case, but it's always important to be vigilant and make sure and watch.”
Those gathered at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas Student Union Center, stood in groups following the debate, discussing the events that had just transpired. Sandra Wolf from Mendocino County California said that they felt the debate merely confirmed the opinions they previously held about Donald Trump.
“I think it solidified my already contemptuous feelings toward him,” Wolf said. “I already disliked him, but I was giving them a chance to maybe get their side on it. They did a poor job because they are such a poor sport. No gracefulness, or class or anything.”
Sonja Clark from Las Vegas expressed feeling more confident in their opinions surrounding Hillary Clinton.
“I think Hilary validated their strengths,” Clark said, “I just liked the fact that they validated for me that they are very knowledgeable and they are perfectly capable of running this country.”
Ryan Williams from Sherman Oaks, California, continued to tout their support for Trump throughout the evening, and explained that they felt polling surrounding the election would not be trustworthy before or after the final debate. They believe there are more quiet Trump supporters than are recognized.
“I was pretty vocal in there as a Trump supporter, and I would see people turn around and look at me,” Williams said. “And I saw a few scowls and glares, but mostly I saw smiles and I thought, ‘why aren't you being noisy?' You've been told to lay down and keep nice and quiet if you're a Trump supporter. …But I think when push comes to shove and it's just you versus the ballot box, people are going to be voting Trump. … I think Trump is in the process of creating a landslide victory.”
Elk and safety: Zookeepers stunned as moose rescues drowning marmot from watery death
Keepers at Pocatello Zoo, Idaho, were worried when they noticed Shooter, a four-year-old elk, acting strangely at their water trough.
Baffled, they watched as the animal - who is so massive some keepers are afraid to even enter their enclosure - tried to dip their hooves into their drinking trough, before attempting to dunk their whole head in the water.
But they were amazed as 10ft tall Shooter lifted their head from the trough clutching a tiny marmot - a kind of large squirrel - between their jaws.
Mammoth: Shooter the elk stands 10ft tall from their hooves to the tip of their antlers
To the rescue! Shooter pulls the hapless marmot from their water trough
The gentle giant placed the hapless rodent down and nudged it with their hoof, as if checking it for signs of life, before calmly watching it scamper off into the bushes.
Zoo staff caught the entire rescue on camera. 'It really was amazing,' said Kate O'Conner, Pocatello's education co-ordinator.
'Shooter is such a huge animal - they stand at six feet tall without their antlers - which are another four feet, and he's pretty scary.
'Some of the staff don't like going in their enclosure with them - he's punctured car tyres with their antlers before, so to see them being so gentle with a little animal was heart-warming.
'We all know he's a real character, but I think they must have a soft side we didn't know about.
'He was trying to dunk their head in the water, but their antlers kept getting in the way.
'Nobody could figure out why they were trying to get their head in, and then they started dipping their feet in.
'We were all completely confused, until we saw the marmot in their mouth.
'I think they had nudged the animal away from the edge of the bucket with their antlers and hooves so they could reach it with their mouth without their antlers getting in the way.
'It was very sweet.'
Down you go: Shooter gently lowers the tiny rodent to the ground
Safe, but soaked: Somewhat shell shocked, the lucky marmot seems happy to be back on dry land
zookeeper Dr Joy Fox added: 'We think Shooter sensed that the animal was in distress and decided to help.
'However, they could have just decided they didn't like having something in theirs way.
'He spent quite a bit of time planning how to grab it.'
WWE may have a new Chris Jericho DVD in the works!
If that should be the case, it would be the second Jericho DVD following the release of “Breaking the Code: Behind the Walls of Chris Jericho” back in 2010. It would also be the first ever Blu-ray release on Jericho due to the first being produced exclusively on DVD.
Chris Jericho revealed the news in a “TweetSecret” video yesterday. Despite not referencing WWE specifically, Jericho did mention compiling a list of their wrestling matches and shooting interview footage in Times Square, NY to give their thoughts on those said matches.
A short snippet of the video can be watched below. Head to TweetSecret.com/Jericho to see the full length version when signing up to Jericho's daily videos for $2.99 per month.
Could it look like this? The possible Chris Jericho WWE DVD release for 2015 may look something like Mark D's “Fantasy Concept” from April 2013. Fantasy Concept: Chris Jericho – The Undisputed Collection. Take another look. With Blu-ray exclusives, the match compilation featured more than 30 bouts from Smoky Mountain Wrestling, ECW, WCW and WWE – with discussion from Jericho in between!
Below is a list of 55 WWE DVDs found to have been taken out-of-print in the US market.
Many of the DVD titles listed are fairly recent releases by WWE only last year, with their Blu-ray counterparts also being taken out of production along with them.
Best Pay-Per-View Matches 2011
Best Pay-Per-View Matches 2012
Best Pay-Per-View Matches 2012 (Blu-ray)
Bret ‘Hit Man' Hart: The Dungeon Collection
Bret ‘Hit Man' Hart: The Dungeon Collection (Blu-ray)
Brock Lesnar: Here Comes The Pain Collector's Ed.
Brock Lesnar: Here Comes The Pain Collector's Ed. (Blu-ray)
ECW Unreleased, Vol. 1
ECW Unreleased, Vol. 2
ECW Unreleased, Vol. 2 (Blu-ray)
For All Mankind: The Life & Career Of Mick Foley (Blu-ray)
Greatest Rivalries: Shawn Michaels vs. Bret Hart (Blu-ray)
Legends of Mid-South Wrestling (Blu-ray)
Money In The Bank 2013
Money In The Bank 2013 (Blu-ray)
nWo: The Revolution
nWo: The Revolution (Blu-ray)
Randy Orton: The Evolution Of A Predator (Blu-ray)
RAW Top 100 Moments (Blu-ray)
The Attitude Era
The Best of RAW & Smackdown 2011 (Blu-ray)
The Best of RAW & Smackdown 2012
The Best of RAW & Smackdown 2012 (Blu-ray)
The Best of RAW 2010 (Blu-ray)
The Best of WCW Monday Nitro, Vol. 2
The Best of WCW War Games
The Best of WWE at MSG
The Best of WWE at MSG (Blu-ray)
The Epic Journey of Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson (Blu-ray)
The John Cena Experience (Blu-ray)
The Survivor Series Anthology 1987-1991, Vol. 1
Top 25 Rivalries
Top 25 Rivalries (Blu-ray)
Top 50 Superstars Of All Time
You Think You Know Me: The Story Of Edge (Blu-ray) Battleground 2013
Elimination Chamber 2013
Elimination Chamber 2013 (Blu-ray)
Great American Bash 2005
New Year's Revolution 2006
Night Of Champions 2011
Night Of Champions 2013
No Mercy 2003
Payback 2013
Payback 2013 (Blu-ray)
Royal Rumble 2013
Royal Rumble 2013 (Blu-ray)
SummerSlam 2013
SummerSlam 2013 (Blu-ray)
SummerSlam: The Complete Anthology, Vol. 3: 1998-2004
SummerSlam: The Complete Anthology, Vol. 4: 2005-2009
Tagged Classics: SummerSlam 2004 / Unforgiven 2004
Unforgiven 2007
WrestleMania 21
WrestleMania 28 (Blu-ray)
HAPPY BOD DAY!
That's “Brothers of Destruction”, of course. The new DVD officially releases today to fans across the United States. You can order it now here on Amazon.com or here at WWEShop.com.
GIVEAWAY REMINDER: To be in with a chance of winning these prize packs of TNA Wrestling DVDs, sign up to our free e-mail subscription list before Monday, October 13th.
Once signed up you will be entered into this giveaway and future ones using our e-mail list!
DEALS: This eBay auction ($25.00) expires soon – including 6 WWE Blu-rays and 4 DVDs.
Later today, eBay seller “axemantrotter” is selling off multiple lots of WWE PPV years:
Analysis: 3 Myths About the Supreme Court's Hobby Lobby Decision
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
The U.S. Supreme Court's recent decision to strike down the "Obamacare" birth control mandate for closely held corporations with religious objections led some media organizations to make mythical claims that the decision will cause horrible outcomes. Here are three of those myths.
1. It restricts access to birth control.
The Court's decision will "deny legions of women ... access to contraceptive coverage," Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote in their dissent.
Someone else pays for a product is not the same as having access to a product. And insurance coverage for a service is not the same as having access to a service.
No one will be denied access to birth control because of the Court's Hobby Lobby decision. One can still walk into any drug store in the country and find a variety of birth control options. The case was about mandating insurance coverage of birth control, not access to birth control.
Additionally, as Justice Samuel Alito wrote for the majority, the government can still provide access to birth control without a copay, it simply must use one of the many other ways it has to do that without infringing upon religious freedom.
2. Corporations can now do whatever they want simply by claiming its part of their religion.
"8 Other Laws That Could Be Ignored Now That Christians Get To Pick And Choose," Ryan Grim wrote Monday for The Huffington Post.
Hobby Lobby won because the Obama administration violated the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, the Court found. RFRA does not let anyone do whatever they want simply by claiming it is part of their religious beliefs.
Rather, RFRA sets up a balancing test for cases in which a government action infringes upon a religious belief. RFRA does not say that the religious believer always wins. The government may infringe upon religious freedom if it has a good reason for doing so (a "compelling interest") and there is no other way to fulfill that government purpose without infringing upon religious freedom (the government must use the "least restrictive means").
Indeed, Alito made it clear in their opinion that the judgment only applies to the birth control mandate, not to any other insurance coverage mandate that may conflict with a religious belief, such as vaccinations or blood transfusions.
3. The court abandoned a fundamental human right.
Mandatory insurance coverage of birth control without a copay became a "fundamental human right" to those on the Left via these three steps:
Step 1: President Obama (not Congress) requires employers to cover birth control.
Step 2: Liberal media begin describing the birth control mandate as a fundamental human right.
Step 3: After the Court strikes down parts of the mandate for certain employers, liberals claim the Court is violating human rights.
The birth control mandate is not in the Affordable Care Act, also known as "Obamacare." It is an executive order that came from the Department of Health and Human Services as part of the implementation of the ACA.
This means there was no congressional debate on whether there should be a birth control mandate. There was also no national debate before it was implemented. It was never brought up during Obama's 2008 presidential campaign or while the nation was debating passage of the ACA.
On the other side of the Hobby Lobby case was RFRA, a law that only three senators and no House members voted against and that was signed by Democratic President Bill Clinton.
Additionally, RFRA was a response by Congress to a 1990 Supreme Court decision that fundamentally changed how courts interpret the religious freedom clauses of the First Amendment. Laws that violate religious liberty but are generally applicable (not aimed at a particular religious group) are not unconstitutional, the Court said. Congress recognized that reasoning would severely limit religious freedom. RFRA was, essentially, Congress telling the Court to interpret the First Amendment how it had always interpreted it before 1990.
The Court's Hobby Lobby case, therefore, was a decision between an executive order implemented without public debate versus how a nearly unanimous Congress and a Democratic president told the Court to interpret the religious freedom clauses of the First Amendment.
As developers focus more on functions than underlying infrastructure, that infrastructure remains more important than ever before.
What is serverless architecture and why does it matter to your business? Forrester Research principal analyst Jeffrey Hammond spoke with TechRepublic about the basic tenets of serverless computing, and how companies are using it in next-generation infrastructure.
Despite the rise of cloud computing, containers, and a zillion other things that superficially seem destined to pulverize the operating system, Linux (and Windows) keep chugging away. In fact, if anything, the OS has become more relevant than ever. How did this happen?
A place to call home
Everything about the cloud seems like it should be a major downer for the OS. Most recently, serverless computing has gained momentum, with developers increasingly fixated on their application code without much thought to underlying operating systems.
And yet...even in serverless land the OS remains critical, in large part because no enterprises are 100% invested in any one public cloud, not to mention the reality that all enterprises of any scale have acres of legacy infrastructure sitting around.
SEE: Serverless computing: The smart person's guide
Into this world of hybrid infrastructure steps the OS, as Red Hat CEO Jim Whitehurst has said:
The vast majority of customers I speak with plan to use more than one public cloud. So portability becomes a major requirement. And since [the] OS is where the application ultimately touches computing resources, having an OS that can consistently run across all major platforms becomes even more important. As with any single platform provider, optimizations for provider-unique hardware, architectures, or services may address specific situations in the OS and we have all seen how that played out in the single-source, vertically integrated Unix stacks - hence Linux.
The reality of enterprise IT is that developers introduce new or different infrastructure into the organization on a regular basis as they seek services to support their applications. The best a CIO can hope for is, as Whitehurst suggested, to put a common layer across these disparate services, bringing sanity back to an otherwise chaotic mess. The OS is this harbinger of restored sanity.
Growing old with you
A second and related benefit of an OS is that it allows for long-term support. The public cloud vendors have been amazing at introducing new innovations, whether Google BigQuery or Azure Functions or AWS Aurora. They've been far less inclined to stop the cycle of innovation long enough for CIOs to build out long-term support plans. Indeed, the clouds seem almost allergic to this concept.
SEE: The 2 biggest problems with serverless computing
Not so the OS vendors. Red Hat, SUSE, and others offer 10-year support life-cycles for patching and supporting their enterprise OSes. To accomplish this they have to invest over half of their engineering resources on old technology. This simply isn't the business model for the clouds, and likely won't become such for many years.
Importantly, and a third reason for the persistence of the OS, Whitehurst called out that "new application models like containers and microservices are bringing the operating system to the forefront." Though it's easy to overlook the importance of the OS in this containerized, cloudy world, Whitehurst stressed: "Each and every container has its user-space dependencies in Linux in it, and therefore requires management of those components in the container regardless of where that container runs."
All of which means that, as much as we've been trying to minimize the importance of the OS with things like serverless, the reality is that operating systems, and particularly Linux, promise to play a central role in enterprise computing for years to come.
Data Center Trends Newsletter DevOps, virtualization, the hybrid cloud, storage, and operational efficiency are just some of the data center topics we'll highlight. Delivered Mondays and Wednesdays Sign up today
Also see
The Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership have a video out detailing the racist origins of gun control in the United States. In this documentary the JPFO examines the history of laws passed that forbid blacks and other minorities from owning weapons.
The JPFO is an organization fiercely committed to the 2nd amendment because of the history of oppression of the Jewish people throughout the world. Their organization was, “Founded by Jews in 1989, JPFO initially aimed at educating the Jewish community about the historical evils that Jews have suffered when they have been disarmed. JPFO has always welcomed people of all religious beliefs who share a common goal of opposing and reversing victim-disarmament policies while advancing liberty for all. It was the brainchild of Aaron Zelman (1946 – 2010), a leading national civil-rights activist. JPFO's products and programs reach out to as many segments of the American people as possible, using “bold tactics without compromise on fundamental principles.”
In the video below the JPFO asks the question, is gun control racist? Leave your thoughts and comments below.
For my first post on Hooked on Hockey Magazine, I thought it would be smart to give a basic outline of the Minnesota Wild‘s depth chart for the upcoming season.
With this article, I hope to give, you, the reader, a better understanding of who will be playing for the Wild next season. And I hope to show you the overall depth and talent that is currently being produced by this team.
I still can not believe the Wild have Zach Parise and Ryan Suter. Those two players alone, give the Wild so much more depth than they had all of last season. Add on the Torrey Mitchell, and Zenon Konopka signings, and this team has more talent and depth then they have ever had.
The Wild's minor league team, the Houston Aeros will be loaded next season. Because it is going to be difficult for any of Minnesota's highly touted prospects, to crack the Wild's NHL line-up. Allowing these players to play together in the AHL, will only benefit the Wild and their prospects. They will not have the pressure of having to carry Minnesota next season. And they will have more room to grow and learn the Wild's system next season, in Houston. If Any prospect makes the Wild team next season, they will have earned it. Which, if you have followed the Wild over the years, is quite a departure from the norm.
Forwards:
1st line: Zach Parise, Mikko Koivu, Mikael Granlund
2nd line: Devin Setoguchi, Matt Cullen, Dany Heatley
3rd line: Pierre Marc Bouchard, Kyle Brodziak, Cal Clutterbuck
4th line : Darroll Powe, Zenon Konopka, Torrey Mitchell
Others ving for spots: Matt Kassian, Jake Dowell, Brett Bulmer, Charlie Coyle, Zack Phillips, Jason Zucker, Johan Larsson, Stephane Veilleux.
Defense
1st pair: Ryan Suter, Marco Scandella
2nd pair:Jared Spurgeon, Tom Gilbert
3rd pair: Clayton Stoner Nate Prosser
Others vying for spots: Justin Falk, Jonas Brodin, Matt Dumba, Tyler Cuma, Chay Genoway.
Goalies
1. Nik Backstrom
2. Josh Harding
Others vying for spots: Matt Hackett, Darcy Kuemper
NHL season.
With this depth chart, you can see the overall depth the Wild have throughout their organization. This is a team bursting with NHL talent, and terrific prospects.
(CNSNews.com) – An administrative law judge in Oregon has ruled against Melissa Klein's effort to dismiss a lawsuit filed by a lesbian couple after Klein declined to make their wedding cake because of their biblical belief that marriage is the sacred union of one man and one woman. A hearing in March will now determine what fines will be levied against Klein for “damages” suffered by the lesbians.
Melissa Klein fought back tears as they spoke on a panel with their husband, Aaron, about their belief in traditional marriage and its role in the wedding cakes they made at their Oregon bakery at the Values Voters Summit in Washington, D.C. on Sept. 26, 2014. The couple were found guilty of discrimination by the state of Oregon last year and are fighting the ruling in court.(CNSNews.com/Penny Starr)
Attorneys for Klein, owner with their husband Aaron Klein of Sweet Cakes by Melissa in Gresham, Ore., had sought to have the case dismissed and to be awarded $200,000 in legal costs and damages.
But Judge Alan McCullough refused and instead issued an interim order ahead of the March hearing that says the Kleins had “unlawfully discriminated against the same-sex couple by denying them full and equal access to a place of public accommodation,” under the Oregon Equality Act, according to The Oregonian.
Paul Thompson, the attorney representing the lesbians, told The Oregonian they were happy with the ruling.
But Anna Harmon, one of three attorneys representing the Kleins, said in an email to The Oregonian that the judge's ruling wrongly interpreted the state law, which they said protects “the right not to design and create a work of art celebrating an event which violates the tenets of [the Klein's] religion.”
“This is a wrong and dangerous result for religious liberty and rights of conscience in Oregon,” Harmon said.
ype="node" title="sweet cakes
The Rev. Franklin Graham, president and CEO of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association and the international Christian relief organization Samaritan's Purse, posted a Facebook comment about the judge's Jan. 29 ruling.
“I am outraged that today an Oregon judge ruled against Christian bakery owners Aaron and Melissa Klein of Sweet Cakes, who refused to bake a cake for a lesbian wedding,” said Rev. Graham. “Aaron and Melissa were simply living up to their convictions—they did not want to participate in the wedding ceremony based on their belief in the biblical definition of marriage.”
“[The Kleins] have been forced to move their business to their home due to harassment from gay activists, and now the fines may completely bankrupt them,” they said. “I pray that they will fight this all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary, and that we as freedom-loving Americans would stand behind them with our prayers and financial support.”
Family Research Council President tony Perkins, commenting on the Kleins' case and other similar battles, said, “Unfortunately for the parents of five, wedding vendors like them may soon have no choice. In the free market, the courts no longer seem to recognize the right to believe what you want. Owners of small businesses like Sweet Cakes by Melissa, Arlene's Flowers, Simply Elegant Wedding Planning, Hands On Originals, and others are seen as nothing more than tools of the government to think and believe as the state sees fit. If they refuse, as Aaron and Melissa have done, Oregon is threatening to bring the full weight of the government to bear.”
User Info: yourDaddie yourDaddie 2 years ago #1 I am your father I see no reason to hate denuvo or other anti piracy software if you do not pirate games
User Info: Orestes417 Orestes417 2 years ago #2 I'm a grim bloody fable with an unhappy bloody ending. Probably because they end up being more of an inconvenience to the customer than the pirate.
User Info: Bikes- Bikes- 2 years ago #3 FC: 2921-9087-2265 Because the pirates remove them and then the legit customers are the ones stuck with the questionable programs.
User Info: Darkcloud20 Darkcloud20 2 years ago #4 Orestes417 posted...
Probably because they end up being more of an inconvenience to the customer than the pirate.
This. The Denuvo guys claim they add in their checks at points in the game where they don't affect the performance. So that mean Denuvo affevts the performance which at the loading screen means it probably prolongs the loading times and pits more stress on the hardware with no user benefit. What can change the nature of a man? This. The Denuvo guys claim they add in their checks at points in the game where they don't affect the performance. So that mean Denuvo affevts the performance which at the loading screen means it probably prolongs the loading times and pits more stress on the hardware with no user benefit.
User Info: LazyyAmerican LazyyAmerican 2 years ago #5 Morality Maurice....everytime we turn to the doctrine of helping our fellow man we get thrown into the dark ages! Cough cough Dishonored 2 cough cough....those boot uptimes......
User Info: yourDaddie yourDaddie (Topic Creator) 2 years ago #6 Darkcloud20 posted...
Orestes417 posted...
Probably because they end up being more of an inconvenience to the customer than the pirate.
This. The Denuvo guys claim they add in their checks at points in the game where they don't affect the performance. So that mean Denuvo affevts the performance which at the loading screen means it probably prolongs the loading times and pits more stress on the hardware with no user benefit.
but that means more sales, which is why developers take PC gamers seriouslly, otherwise wi will go back to the times of the previous console cycle when many games were not released in PC because they used to sell a lot less than in consoles I am your father but that means more sales, which is why developers take PC gamers seriouslly, otherwise wi will go back to the times of the previous console cycle when many games were not released in PC because they used to sell a lot less than in consoles
User Info: Orestes417 Orestes417 2 years ago #7 I'm a grim bloody fable with an unhappy bloody ending. No, it potentially means less sales because people who might buy get turned off by the obnoxious DRM and spend their money and time elsewhere. Not that the consumer should give a damn about the company's balance book in the first place.
User Info: Jason_Hudson Jason_Hudson 2 years ago #8 Specs: i7 4790k@4.5GHz|EVGA 1080 FTW|16GB RAM - GLORIOUS PC MASTER RACE!
Congratulations to President-elect Donald Trump! Because I'm own a legitimate copy of the game, so why the f*** should I be treated like a criminal by the developers?
User Info: krazycharlie krazycharlie 2 years ago #9
I'm not a Sony hater. In fact, I have a PS1, a PS2 and a PSP and I've been in the verge of buying a Vita. It's just that the proprietary memory cards are stupidly expensive and I'm not a fan of paying for downloading anything. "Am I missing an eyebrow?". If you are wondering why people hate anti piracy measures, then look no further: the PS Vita is the perfect example. Sony wanted to make an unbreakable console to piracy and they got it at the price of almost nobody wanting to buy it.I'm not a Sony hater. In fact, I have a PS1, a PS2 and a PSP and I've been in the verge of buying a Vita. It's just that the proprietary memory cards are stupidly expensive and I'm not a fan of paying for downloading anything.
By Bernie Suarez
This just in. According to mainstream media president Trump, even if for a day, is no longer Hitler.  They are no longer a threat to the world now that the Trump administration has been officially compromised by the Neocon war hawks who have been (along with their partners on the Liberal Left) trying to undermine Trump since day one. It is important for people to see that the recently reported missile attack on a Syrian airbase is entirely contrary to the recent commitment by the US to not call for Assad's stepping down. If you are a Trump supporter or someone trying to make sense of all this you may be thinking, huh? What's going on? And, false flag alert!
All of this is completely normal nowadays, however, with the ongoing JFK-style internal struggle for the undermining of the Trump administration; a struggle that marks an administration which is becoming known for all of its 180-degree turns. One day Trump announces their desire to break away from NATO, another day VP Pence tells the EU of the US commitment to NATO. One day Trump says they want to be friends with Russia, then the mainstream media and the Neocons attacks them for this so they later mysteriously changes their position. One minute threatening rhetoric comes out saying “Iran is on notice” only to see nothing happen over the coming months.
And now just days after Syrian president Bashar al Assad is officially declared a non-threat, all of a sudden we see a chemical weapon (false flag?) attack accusation blamed on Assad which apparently justifies a new attitude toward Assad and a missile being fired into a Syrian position. Notice that as opposed to the old Iraq “weapons of mass destruction” accusation, there apparently was no need to investigate the nature of this “attack.” Now it is apparently sufficient and justified to go straight for the counterattack missile strike without any need to prove to the world anything.
As much of the alternative media has been pointing out for months, we are in the middle of a coup d'etat and as we can see that nothing can be trusted because we no longer know who is in charge. The forces that have been trying to undermine and take over the Trump administration are coming not only from the Liberal Left but from their Neocon partners as we saw recently with the ridiculous Dick Cheney statements falsely accusing Russia of an “act of war” for supposedly “influencing” the US elections. And with this recent event we must all wonder – is the coup d'etat against the Trump administration complete and official now?
I suppose the main point or the more important point I want to make about this recent development regardless of what direction this goes is that now for the first time all year the mainstream media is NOT bashing Trump! And that should be all that anyone needs to see to be convinced that up to now Trump has been a threat to the ruling elite's (Liberal Left and Neocon) new world order plans. Yes, these globalists are operating right in front of us as millions of Americans on the Liberal Left have been brainwashed by their leaders to think that Trump is “Hitler,” an “isolationist” and a dangerous “nationalist” for not going along with the globalist agenda. Note to the Liberal Left: if Trump continues aggression in Syria or anywhere in the Middle East and aligns themselves with the globalists, all of a sudden all of your (“social justice warrior”) criticism of Trump will be labeled “conspiracies” by the very same mainstream media that had been bashing Trump up to now for not cooperating with the globalist agenda.
If nothing else comes out of this, I hope that people see the political nature of the world we live in. There is a ruling class that intends to implement their new world order as soon as they can and they will not let any president or anyone gets in the way of this plan. They want to rule over you and they hate the individual, they hate all religions, traditional values and cultures, they hate nation states with an enforceable rule of law that gets in their way, and they hate freedom, free speech and the concept of a free press (think alternative media). All of these are threats to their plans and the mainstream media today including the social media giants today (Facebook, YouTube) more than any other entity is tasked with pushing this globalization and new world order plan forward regardless of what it takes. As I urge viewers in the video below, if you forget politicians and just notice what the mainstream media says and run the other way you'll always be right!
Related video
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! Bernie is a revolutionary writer with a background in medicine, psychology, and information technology.  They are the author of The Art of Overcoming the New World Order and has written numerous articles over the years about freedom, government corruption and conspiracies, and solutions. Bernie is also the creator of the Truth and Art TV project where they share articles and videos about issues that raise our consciousness and offer solutions to our current problems. As a musician and artist their efforts are designed to appeal to intellectuals, working class and artists alike and to encourage others to fearlessly and joyfully stand for truth. Their goal is to expose government tactics of propaganda fear and deception and to address the psychology of dealing with the rising new world order.  They are also a former U.S. Marine who believes it is our duty to stand for and defend the U.S. Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic. They believe information and awareness is the first step toward being free from the control system which now threatens humanity. They believe love conquers all fear and it is up to each and every one of us to manifest the solutions and the change that you want to see in this world because doing this is what will ensure victory and restoration of the human race and offer hope to future generations.
I recently came across George Washington's letter to George Washington Snyder, dated September 25, 1798. This letter is often used as proof that the Illuminati were active in the Americas, that George Washington knew about the activity, and that they even may have tacitly or actively approved. The actual letter doesn't support these claims.
Snyder sent Washington a copy of John Robison's Proofs of a Conspiracy Against all the Religions and Governments of Europe, Carried on in the Secret Meetings of Free Masons, Illuminati, and Reading Societies, Collected From Good Authorities (1798). In their brief reply to Snyder, Washington stated that they had heard about the Illuminati and that they found their plans “nefarious, and dangerous” but did not discuss these in detail, asserting that the Freemasonic lodges in the United States were not under the influence of the Illuminati. They also explained that they had not read Robison's book.
The letter and transcription, which can be found in the Library of Congress, follow below:
The transcription:
Mount Vernon, September 25, 1798. Sir: Many apologies are due to you, for my not acknowledging the receipt of your obliging favour of the 22d. Ulto, and for not thanking you, at an earlier period, for the Book you had the goodness to send me. I have heard much of the nefarious, and dangerous plan, and doctrines of the Illuminati, but never saw the Book until you were pleased to send it to me. The same causes which have prevented my acknowledging the receipt of your letter have prevented my reading the Book, hitherto; namely, the multiplicity of matters which pressed upon me before, and the debilitated state in which I was left after, a severe fever had been removed. And which allows me to add little more now, than thanks for your kind wishes and favourable sentiments, except to correct an error you have run into, of my Presiding over the English lodges in this Country. The fact is, I preside over none, nor have I been in one more than once or twice, within the last thirty years. I believe notwithstanding, that none of the Lodges in this Country are contaminated with the principles ascribed to the Society of the Illuminati. With respect I am &c.
John Robison (1739-1805) was a Scottish scientist and a contributor of the Encyclopedia Britannica. Disillusioned by the bloodshed of the French Revolution, allegedly instigated by the Illuminati, they became an ardent monarchist. Proofs of a Conspiracy laid the groundwork for modern conspiracy theories. One of Robison's prime sources was the work of Alexander Horn (1762–1820), a Scottish Benedictine monk who later became a secret agent and diplomat. Working parallel to Robison, Jesuit priest Abbé Augustin Barruel (October 2, 1741 – October 5, 1820) also claimed that the Illuminati were responsible for the violent excesses of the French Revolution linking them to the Jacobins in their book Mémoires pour servir à l'Histoire du Jacobinisme (1797).
While Baron Adolph Knigge, Illuminati founder Adam Weishaupt's second in command from 1780 to 1784, freely admitted that the Illuminati were trying to bring Freemasonry, and especially the Strict Observance tradition, under their control at the Wilhelmsbad Congress of 1782, Leopold Engel claimed that the success of this endeavor was limited, at best. They further pointed out that the decade following the exposure of the Illuminati in 1786 was ablaze with paranoia concerning this secret society. Concerning the rumors that they were the driving force behind the French Revolution, they wrote in their Geschichte des Illuminaten-Ordens (1906), “A great deal of grasping at straws and mental acrobatics were required to paste together this strange assertion, but in these times people believed everything as long as it was a matter of pinning yet another atrocity on Illuminatism.”
Advertisements
The Big Ten is seeking feedback from its members about the possibility of making first-year student athletes ineligible for competition as they adjust to college life.
In a statement to ESPN.com, the league says it is gauging interest from its members about a "national discussion regarding a year of readiness for student-athletes."
The league has provided background to its members about such a step but has made no official proposal.
The Big Ten has provided background to its members about the possibility of making freshmen athletes ineligible for competition as they adjust to college life but has made no official proposal at this point. G Fiume/Maryland Terrapins/Getty Images
"The rules surrounding freshmen ineligibility don't fall within the areas of autonomy, which means all conferences choose to adopt the policy on their own or the legislation is voted on by the entire division," the NCAA said in a statement issued Friday.
The Diamondback, the student newspaper at Maryland, reported Thursday that the Big Ten is circulating a document titled "A Year of Readiness," which explores making freshmen in football and men's basketball ineligible for competition.
Maryland's athletic council met Thursday afternoon to discuss the document, The Diamondback reported.
"If they do well because they spend more time, get more academic advising ... their first-year student year, they're going to graduate," Maryland president Wallace Loh told the newspaper. "And I think it's worth spending an extra year of financial support to ensure that they graduate."
Pac-12 commissioner Larry Scott told CBSSports.com last week that they have discussed first-year student ineligibility with several commissioners and that there will be "much more serious conversations about it in the coming months and year."
Big 12 commissioner Bob Bowlsby told CBSSports.com that there's "growing interest" in debating the possibility.
Freshmen were ineligible to compete in all NCAA sports until 1972. Some athletes enrolling for the 2016 academic year will take academic redshirt years as initial eligibility standards increase.
Big Ten football coaches and athletic directors didn't discuss first-year student ineligibility at their recent business meeting, but they expect to do so in the coming months. Iowa coach Kirk Ferentz told ESPN.com that they favor first-year student ineligibility.
"That would be one of the healthiest things we could do for college sports right now," Ferentz said. "Recruiting's kind of a runaway train, and what a lot of people don't consider is there's a lot of serious pressure that's put on some players' shoulders that I'm not sure is healthy for them big-picture-wise. ... It would allow the guy to transition a little bit with a lot less fanfare and get their feet on the ground and get a good foundation established."
Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith doesn't think the first-year student-eligibility policy should change based solely on some men's basketball players spending just one year in college before turning pro.
"One-and-done is a small percentage -- it's not even 1 percent of our student-athletes when you take all the schools," Smith told ESPN.com. "That's way off base to me. Do we have challenges with young people who aren't really prepared the way they should be to attack college education? No doubt about it.
"I have not been a proponent of first-year student ineligibility, but I keep my mind open that maybe it's something we have to consider."
One high-profile basketball agent told ESPN.com's Andy Katz that "most of these phenoms don't want to go to school right now and empower the coaches to control their destinies in terms of their roles and development. It's really absurd to even consider.''
Michigan State athletic director Mark Hollis offered a counterpoint to that view, saying that college sports need to be more than just a feeder program to the pro leagues but that first-year student ineligibility may not be the answer.
"College football and basketball can't just be a minor league system for pro sports,'' Hollis told Katz. "Too many times the focus is on the three or four individuals who are viable for pro sports. It's worth a conversation about what gives them the best opportunity [to graduate], but I'm not defending a move toward first-year student ineligibility.''
Information from ESPN.com's Andy Katz contributed to this report.
The most anticipated papal letter for decades will be published in five languages on Thursday. It will call for an end to the ‘tyrannical' exploitation of nature by humankind. Could it lead to a step-change in the battle against global warming?
Pope Francis will call for an ethical and economic revolution to prevent catastrophic climate change and growing inequality in a letter to the world's 1.2 billion Catholics on Thursday.
In an unprecedented encyclical on the subject of the environment, the pontiff is expected to argue that humanity's exploitation of the planet's resources has crossed the Earth's natural boundaries, and that the world faces ruin without a revolution in hearts and minds. The much-anticipated message, which will be sent to the world's 5,000 Catholic bishops, will be published online in five languages on Thursday and is expected to be the most radical statement yet from the outspoken pontiff.
However, it is certain to anger sections of Republican opinion in America by endorsing the warnings of climate scientists and admonishing rich elites, say cardinals and scientists who have advised the Vatican.
The Ghanaian cardinal, Peter Turkson, president of the Vatican's Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace and a close ally of the pope, will launch the encyclical. They have said it will address the root causes of poverty and the threats facing nature, or “creation”.
In a recent speech widely regarded as a curtain-raiser to the encyclical, Turkson said: “Much of the world remains in poverty, despite abundant resources, while a privileged global elite controls the bulk of the world's wealth and consumes the bulk of its resources.”
The Argentinian pontiff is expected to repeat calls for a change in attitudes to poverty and nature. “An economic system centred on the god of money needs to plunder nature to sustain the frenetic rhythm of consumption that is inherent to it,” they told a meeting of social movements last year. “I think a question that we are not asking ourselves is: isn't humanity committing suicide with this indiscriminate and tyrannical use of nature? Safeguard creation because, if we destroy it, it will destroy us. Never forget this.”
The encyclical will go much further than strictly environmental concerns, say Vatican insiders. “Pope Francis has repeatedly stated that the environment is not only an economic or political issue, but is an anthropological and ethical matter,” said another of the pope's advisers, Archbishop Pedro Barreto Jimeno of Peru.
“It will address the issue of inequality in the distribution of resources and topics such as the wasting of food and the irresponsible exploitation of nature and the consequences for people's life and health,” Barreto Jimeno told the Catholic News Service.
They were echoed by Cardinal Oscar Rodríguez Maradiaga of Honduras, who coordinates the Vatican's inner council of cardinals and is thought to reflect the pope's political thinking . “The ideology surrounding environmental issues is too tied to a capitalism that doesn't want to stop ruining the environment because they don't want to give up their profits,” Rodríguez Maradiaga said.
The rare encyclical, called “Laudato Sii”, or “Praised Be”, has been timed to have maximum public impact ahead of the pope's meeting with Barack Obama and their address to the US Congress and the UN general assembly in September.
It is also intended to improve the prospect of a strong new UN global agreement to cut climate emissions. By adding a moral dimension to the well-rehearsed scientific arguments, Francis hopes to raise the ambition of countries above their own self-interest to secure a strong deal in a crucial climate summit in Paris in November.
“Pope Francis is personally committed to this [climate] issue like no other pope before him. The encyclical will have a major impact. It will speak to the moral imperative of addressing climate change in a timely fashion in order to protect the most vulnerable,” said Christiana Figueres, the UN's climate chief, in Bonn this week for negotiations.
Francis, the first Latin American pope, is increasingly seen as the voice of the global south and a catalyst for change in global bodies. In September, they will seek to add impetus and moral authority to UN negotiations in New York to adopt new development goals and lay out a 15-year global plan to tackle hunger, extreme poverty and health. They will address the UN general assembly on 23 September as countries finalise their commitments.
However, Francis's radicalism is attracting resistance from Vatican conservatives and in rightwing church circles, particularly in the US – where Catholic climate sceptics also include John Boehner, Republican leader of the House of Representatives, and Rick Santorum, a Republican presidential candidate.
Earlier this year Stephen Moore, a Catholic economist, called the pope a “complete disaster”, saying they were part of “a radical green movement that is at its core anti-Christian, anti-people and anti-progress”.
Moore was backed this month by scientists and engineers from the powerful evangelical Cornwall Alliance for the Stewardship of Creation, who have written an open letter to Francis. “Today many prominent voices call humanity a scourge on our planet, saying that man is the problem, not the solution. Such attitudes too often contaminate their assessment of man's effects on nature,” it says.
But the encyclical will be well received in developing countries, where most Catholics live. “Francis has always put the poor at the centre of everything they have said. The developing countries will hear their voice in the encyclical,” said Neil Thorns, director of advocacy at the Catholic development agency, Cafod. “I expect it to challenge the way we think. The message that we cannot just treat the Earth as a tool for exploitation will be a message that many will not want to hear.”
The pope is “aiming at a change of heart. What will save us is not technology or science. What will save us is the ethical transformation of our society,” said Carmelite Father Eduardo Agosta Scarel, a climate scientist who teaches at the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina in Buenos Aires.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Video: Suzanne Goldenberg visits the Heartland Institute's conference in Washington, an annual gathering of climate sceptics, to hear what delegates – including US senator James Inhofe and blogger Marc Morano – think about the Pope's upcoming encyclical on the environment and climate change .
Earlier popes, including Benedict XVI and John Paul II, addressed environmental issues and “creation”, but neither mentioned climate change nor devoted an entire encyclical to the links between poverty, economics and ecological destruction. Francis's only previous encyclical concerned the nature of religious faith.
The pontiff, who is playing an increasing role on the world stage, will visit Cuba ahead of travelling to the US. They were cited by Obama as having helped to thaw relations between the two countries, and last week met the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, to discuss the crisis in Ukraine and the threat to minority Christians in the Middle East.
The pope chose Francis of Assisi, the patron saint of animals, as their namesake at the start of their papacy in 2011, saying the saint's values reflected their own.
The greatest game in the world is Dota 2, and the greatest event in the Dota 2 calendar is The International. Sixteen teams meet at Seattle's KeyArena to compete for a share of the tournament's $20,770,460 prize pool. The winning team takes home a cool $9.1 million.
Dota 2 made me understand the passion and obsession suffered by people who follow sports. Attending the sixth International (TI6) took this to another level. I've spent the last week feeling thoroughly drained. Empty, even. I want the International to come back. I miss it. My life is incomplete without it.
Valve's augmented reality presentation at TI6, in which life-sized models of the heroes mixed with commentators and presenters, gave the contest an exciting new layer of polish. Two new heroes were revealed, not just the widely anticipated Underlord, but the sort-of-new and sort-of-secret Monkey King. And the competition itself had perhaps the greatest storylines of any International. There were teams I hated, and teams I really wanted to do well.
Everyone loves a villain, and the greatest villain on the Dota 2 scene right now is Team Secret. While the team has many fans, Secret strikes me as being particularly mercenary. Instead of building the best team, our villains consistently poach the best players. If a Team Secret line-up doesn't work out, the group doesn't try to work on weak areas and improve team dynamic. They just swap out one-star player for another. I'm reliably informed that they're like the Yankees in this regard.
If player poaching isn't reason enough to hate a team, consider the way in which Secret does their poaching. The details are too long and boring to get into here, but their most recent hunt for players hurt another team—the 2015 winners Evil Geniuses. The resultant fallout almost destroyed a third team named Digital Chaos. Both groups recovered, just, but Secret's moves put both teams and, arguably, player careers in jeopardy.
So watching Team Secret go out in last place at The International was pretty darn fabulous. Look, seeing your own team win is great. But seeing a team you hate lose? It's almost better.
Sadly, the team I most wanted to win also underperformed and went out at the same stage as Secret. I'm a Na`Vi fanboy to be sure, not least because I think that Danil "Dendi" Ishutin is one of the greatest ambassadors the game has. I love Dendi, and so I'll always want Na`Vi to win. But I do this with the resignation of a fan who knows that the team's performances can be a little... uneven. It's not the despair—I can stand the despair. It's the hope. Being a Na`Vi supporter isn't easy, and I was gutted when they lost their best-of-one elimination match. The joy of seeing Secret go out was almost—but not completely—erased.
Underdog stories
But no matter! Other heroes needed cheering on. Chief among them were Digital Chaos, the team ravaged by Secret's pillaging, and TNC Pro Team, a Filipino team captained by legendary American Dota 2 stalwart Jimmy "DeMoN" Ho. DeMoN has been a part of Dota 2 since the beginning and placed fourth in the very first International back in 2011. They were part of the 2011-2013 Evil Geniuses team that had a reputation for throwing away massive leads and losing games that should have been in the bag. DeMoN was thinking of retiring from Dota 2 if they didn't have a good run at TI6.
As for Digital Chaos, they were looking mediocre at best coming into the tournament. But their history—the way they were formed as a last-minute team of rejects—the fact that the team owner Shannon "SUNSfan" Scotten was perhaps best known for the Dota 2 "Fails of the Week" series on YouTube—their choice of professional idiot Jake "SirActionSlacks" Kanner as official substitute—you couldn't help but support them as one of the true underdogs of the tournament.
Surpassing all expectations, TNC finished 7/8th overall and scored the biggest payday any of the team's members had ever won. They shocked everyone with a 2-0 win to knock out tournament favorites OG, and they inspired everyone with their tight, confident team play. TNC were knocked out by Digital Chaos, who hit their form at the perfect moment.
Digital Chaos won game after game that they weren't meant to. Knocked down into the lower bracket by unpredictable Chinese team Wings, Digital Chaos took out two mainstays of the Chinese scene—LGD Gaming and EHOME—one of South East Asia's strongest teams, Fnatic, as well as TNC. Based on past form, DC probably shouldn't have won any of these games, but their play at TI6 was better than it has ever been. Every round felt like it should have been their last, and yet, every round they upped their game and kept on going.
When Wings beat EG in the upper bracket final, knocking them down to the lower bracket, the end of DC's run seemed near. In spite of their loss, EG had been strong all tournament. A repeat of last year's result—EG lost the winner's bracket final, coming through the lower bracket final to win the Grand Final—looked inevitable.
But somehow it wasn't to be: Digital Chaos defied the odds to beat EG and reach the best-of-five Grand Final. Wings had no shortage of supporters from KeyArena's large Chinese contingent, but every neutral was backing this American-owned, largely European team, hoping against hope that they could do the unthinkable.
Digital Chaos didn't, unfortunately. After taking the first game in the series, DC lost the next three, giving Wings a well-deserved 3-1 victory. And if any team other than DC had to win, Wings was a good one; of all the teams at TI6, they had the most varied, unusual team compositions, and they were consistently exciting to watch.
TI6 was filled with thrilling highs and stomach-twisting lows. The tournament's passing has made my days a little emptier, a little duller. Professional Dota 2 is now in its quiet post-TI reshuffle period, when team after team will disintegrate while players regroup as they prepare to embark on the long road to TI7. It's probably for the best. I don't know how many 10-hour days of watching Dota 2 and eating KeyArena's awful food I can stand, though I'd rather like to find out (the chicken tenders are the only thing on the menu worth eating, by the way). But, golly, these post-season blues are wretched. I just don't know what to do with myself any more.
Listing image by Valve
By Jesse Robitaille
While some collectors are excited about Canada Post's recent recall, others have expressed concern about the difficulty in acquiring some of this recalled material, which was only available for a few days before being returned to the Crown corporation's headquarters and destroyed.
One of these concerned collectors is noted philatelist Irving Osterer, whose letter to the editor can be read on page four of this issue of CSN.
“While I can certainly appreciate the design issue that caused Canada Post to recall the UNESCO stamps from general circulation in July, those of us that are true collectors – that relied on Canada Post to supply us with our standing order – now find that the booklets, souvenir sheets, postcards and FDCs [first-day covers] in question were sold over the counter for a time, and have now become a scarce commodity,” said Osterer, who added they rely on Canada Post to keep them informed on new issues.
Osterer said they think because the items were available to purchase over the counter, Canada Post has an obligation to “their loyal core of philatelic subsribers” to have all standing orders honoured.
“I am not looking to profit – like many other collectors, I just wish to keep my Canadian album current – and since all these stamps will have separate catalogue numbers, annual supplements will contain spaces for these issues,” they said, adding the recalled booklets and souvenir sheets are expensive but reasonably priced; however, the FDCs, being sold for upwards of $300, are not.
“I have every official FDC issued by Canada Post, but this one will be almost impossible to get,” they said. “I would suggest that Canada Post consider at least filling the orders for the official first-day covers; that would meet collector demand half way.”
Jim Phillips, Canada Post's director of stamp services, said a response was sent to Osterer to apologize for the Crown corporation's embarrasing error.
“We apologize and regret sincerely this error that we caused,” said Phillips, who added a correction was issued on Aug. 21. “We understand and note your comments about the consequences of removing all items from sale and we're very sorry for the disappointment this has caused long-standing collectors and customers like Irv.”
Phillips said Canada Post “understands and notes” these comments from collectors and takes its role “very seriously.”
“We're proud of our program and strive for stamps with no errors, but at the end of the day, we're only human; things happen. As soon as we were made aware of the error – and it was on a Friday night – we did everything we could to stop these sales immediately.”
According to Phillips, Canada Post notified Osterer these erroneous items would be destroyed once recalled from the roughly 6,000 post offices across the country.
“We didn't fill any orders after Monday morning, and by Tuesday, orders went out to recall all the items,” they said, adding there's a notice published in the recent issue of Details explaining the items that have been destroyed.
“In a perfect world, none would have gotten out. Unfortunately, with a network as broad, diverse and deep as ours … it's not an easy task to do an automatic recall. We understand some got out and some hit the aftermarket, and we were fully aware that would happen, but we think we did the right thing in recalling the error, which was causing major embarrasment to the mayor of Drumheller and the people at Badlands Tourism.”
All things considered, Phillips said the Crown corporation did “the right thing” in recalling the erroneous items and issuing a correction.
“We knew there would be some consequences for long-standing, loyal collectors, and we apologize,” they said, adding there were more of the erroneous stamps found than first-day covers, so the latter has become considerably more valuable because of supply and demand.
“The reality is things get catalogued all the time – the Inverted Seaway [Scott #387a], the Missing Moose [SC #1693a] – and a lot of collectors cannot afford them or get them. It's unfortune, but it's a similar situation.”
However, Phillips said they can sympathize with these collectors who are now met with the near-impossible task of finding a first-day cover that was so quickly recalled.
“I feel for Irv and understand fully the disappointment it has caused, but in this case, we took the high road and did the right thing,” they said. “Some collectors are actually really happy and excited about this.”
We should stand with Andy Parker in their fight for gun laws that will make it harder for people to be shot down like their TV reporter daughter and them cameraman.
Andy Parker, grieving their daughter's death last week, said, “This is my life's work.” That mission is to take on the National Rifle Association and make it less likely someone else's child will be shot to death.
We know how this usually plays out. A whole bunch of folks will be with him, for a few weeks anyway, until other things catch our attention. But the gun guys, they won't tire, and they won't relent in their protection of the right of every American to wrap their hand around a deadly weapon.
Last Monday, the NRA and two other gun groups filed suit against the city of Seattle to stop the city from taxing gun and ammunition sales.
Andy Parker
American gun culture resists erosion like a granite block, but given time and persistence, even granite can be worn away.
I decided to write again about the need to get out from under the spell of gun love, because I saw a long article that said fighting against the NRA is a lost cause. It said all the facts, all reason, are on the side of more gun control, but none of that can fight gun mythology.
Yet, a steady stream of water can wash away stone. You never know when the breakthrough moment will come, but it won't come if reasonable people give up.
Parker seems like a reasonable person. And they join the many others who ask only that our laws do a little more to keep guns out of the hands of people who might do what the man who shot their daughter did.
I don't want to use their name because notoriety was one of their goals.
The gunman shot and killed Alison Parker, a television reporter, and Adam Ward, a cameraman, last Wednesday in Roanoke, Va. The attack was televised and spread online by the shooter. And, as with previous high-profile shootings, it got some politicians talking about gun control, and the opposition talking about all the other factors besides the gun that contributed to the tragedy.
This particular gunman ranted about being discriminated against because they are black and gay. Each mass shooting, each individual shooting has its own set of contributory factors, often including possible mental illness.
It's reasonable to look at all of the factors to try to address them, but it is not reasonable to exclude the most common denominator, the availability of guns, the easy access to guns, that makes this country stand out in the world.
If you want one, you can get one. That's the major reason why the U.S. stands in a category of its own when it comes to mass shootings, why we see so many gun deaths of all kinds, in the commission of other crimes, in suicides, in domestic violence.
It's too easy to buy guns, and just about as easy to steal them from the homes and cars of people who think they've purchased protection. Millions of dollars worth of guns are stolen in Washington state every year.
Just pick up a newspaper, and you're likely to see something about gunfire. Sometimes it becomes a big story, as in the shooting death of International District fixture Donnie Chin, who was killed in their car last month. They were driving to the scene of another shooting at the time.
Often the shootings get a smaller mention because no one happened to be in the path of a bullet. And you won't hear about the suicides at all, but they constitute the majority of gun deaths in King County.
There were several recent shootings locally that police said involved members of gangs, but that weren't about gang warfare. They involved disputes over money or women, but if one or both parties has a gun, well you use what's at hand.
Alison Parker's father said he's going after politicians who fear to act on gun control. They told The New York Times, “I'm going to shame them, and embarrass them. My mission here is not to let this go away.”
That's how you crack a block, but that work will go quicker if more Americans held onto their frustration and used it at the ballot box. Make sensible gun policy one of the criteria you use to judge the people you elect to represent you.
FBI director James Comey said this week that the bureau may be forced to change its drug policy because the U.S. could not find enough programmers who did not use marijuana to fight cyber crime.
According to The Wall Street Journal, Comey told the White Collar Crime Institute's annual conference on Monday that it was going to be difficult to fill the 2,000 new jobs that Congress had authorized this year.
“I have to hire a great work force to compete with those cyber criminals and some of those kids want to smoke weed on the way to the interview,” Comey explained.
The FBI was in the process of “grappling with the question right now” of how to change the drug policy, Comey said. The current policy forbids hiring anyone who has used marijuana within a three year period.
Comey insisted that people should not let their pot use stop them from seeking a job at the agency after one attendee said that a friend had decided not to apply over the policy.
“He should go ahead and apply,” Comey advised.
Only a week earlier, the FBI director took a tougher stance while speaking about heroin at the National Summit on Illegal Drugs in Washington, D.C.
“It's not an urban thing, it's an urban-suburban thing,” they explained. “It's a black and white thing. It's a rich and poor thing. It's an everywhere thing, and everybody thing.”
“And so I believe… that we have to have — we on the federal side — a whole of government approach. We got to figure out how can we support you,” Comey continued. “You can't arrest your way out of this problem, but arresting — for us, focusing on the international trafficking organizations that are flooding the market — is a huge part of the answer.”
Watch the video below from MSNBC, broadcast April 16, 2014.
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
[Office worker smoking water pipe in their office via Shutterstock.com]
Colby Covington has taken the UFC welterweight division by storm in recent years.
The Oregon-born wrestler turned mixed martial arts standout has climbed the divisional ladder on the strength of their performances inside the cage and built their profile beyond the spotlight on their ability to stir the proverbial pot on social media platforms. Covington's approach has proven effective as each fight he's signed has been bigger than the last, and the buzz surrounding them as increased in volume.
Love them or hate him, the fact remains Covington is getting your attention, and in a ultra-competitive sport like MMA, every bit of attention counts. The latter certainly rings true in regard to the promotion they compete for as the upstart welterweight certainly has drawn one of the divisional elite for their next assignment inside the Octagon.
The 29-year-old American Top Team representative will journey south to São Paulo, Brazil, to face Demian Maia at UFC Fight Night 119 on Oct. 28. The grappling ace Maia will enter the fight fresh off a failed attempt to dethrone Tyron Woodley at UFC 214 back in July, and Maia's recent title challenger status creates an incredible opportunity where Covington is concerned.
After defeating Maia on their native soil, the surging welterweight Covington plans to turn their attention to Woodley and the welterweight title. There is absolutely no love lost between the current champion and the contender in waiting, and Covington is beyond motivated to settle the feud in violent fashion.
Covington sat down with FloCombat for an in-depth talk on all things MMA during #FCRoadTrip2, and the end result was absolute fire.
On Accepting Fight With Demian Maia
"Dana White even texted my manager. They were like, 'Whoa, they already sent the contract back?' Literally within five seconds of them sending the contract, I had a guy, my manager, Dan Lambert, sign it and it was already back within like a couple minutes. And they were like, 'Whoa, why did you send it back so fast?' That's just my confidence right now. I believe I am the best fighter in the world, and I'm going to go out there and show that against Demian Maia. So no one wanted to fight them and no one wanted to fight me, so it just makes sense that we go and fight for a chance to go for the title next."
On Whether They Feel A Statement Finish Against Maia Is Needed For Title Consideration
"No, that doesn't weigh on my mind at all. My sun is rising. Their sun is setting. This is my time. They had their time. I'm going to lay them to rest. I'm going to knock them out in the first round in front of their home fans."
The Prime Of Their Career
"Earlier in my career, I was slowed down by a lot of injuries and now I'm healthy. I feel better than ever. I'm very much evolved from my last fight against Dong Hyun Kim (at UFC Fight Night in Singapore on June 17), and you saw what I did to him. It's not very often you're putting up a 30-25 score[card] against the No. 7 guy in the world, so I'm just getting started, man. That's the thing about this. This is only the beginning of the journey for me, and guys are going to see a new Colby Covington on Oct. 28 in São Paulo, Brazil."
Pressure To Lead The New School Of Welterweights In UFC
"No, I don't feel pressure. I'm just worried about going out there and being a better me every day. Self-improvement every day. That's all I worry about. I don't worry about the division. I feel like I'm the best welterweight on the planet. After I dismantle Demian Maia, you know, Tyron Woodley, he's next."
Tyron Woodley Beef Runs Deeper Than Belt
"We've had a lot of scraps in here at ATT before, when [Woodley] was ATT, before they went to Duke Roufus. And I just feel I'm very confident in their style, man. They play the safe game. They back up, backs up, then they try to explode with one shot. The thing is, against me, that style's not going to work. I know their style. I know what he's trying to do. And my pressure fighting, I'll break him. Inside four rounds, they will quit. He'll never come back to that Octagon after I humiliate them inside the Octagon. I've done it in the gym. I'll do it in the Octagon, man.
"It's an easy matchup for me. I'm just excited to get my hands on him. And I'm not looking past Demian Maia. I'm very focused on Demian Maia. But I want to make it clear: Tyron Woodley, they are next."
Respecting Maia's Entire Skill Set
"We're just working for the worst-case scenario, if they get to my back. He's not going to get to my back. They have JV-level takedowns. I'm the highest level wrestling that there is. Their takedown game, look at Woodley. They stuffed [23] of 23 takedowns, and Woodley can't hold my jock strap in wrestling. At the end of the day, Demian Maia, he's not going to get to my back. But we're going to prepare for the worst-case scenario in case it does happen. We're going to be prepared on all cylinders, and we're going to finish Demian Maia. Mark my words."
Avenging Teammate Jorge Masvidal's Loss To Maia
"Absolutely. We've seen everything. We know what they bring to the table. Jorge felt it firsthand (at UFC 211 in May). He's giving me pointers on little stuff where [Maia's] trying to do the half guard. He's trying to pull to half guard and then come to your back, you know? So we're very well prepared for him. We trained for them the last training camp with Jorge, and we know what they bring to the table. It's nothing new. An old dog is not going to come to this fight with new tricks. He's going to be the same dog. So at the end of the day, I'm a well-rounded fighter. He's a one-dimensional fighter, and I will expose Demian Maia on Oct. 28."
Punching A Nice Guy Like Maia In The Face
"A fight's a fight, man. They want to come in and punch me in the face. I'm going to punch them in the face. He's a nice guy. I have tremendous respect for him. That's why I'm going to lay them to rest in their home country."
Twitter Brings The Haters Out In Force
"It's fun to me, man. I enjoy it. Just the emotional side that these fighters get out of it. They can say whatever they want back to me, but they're not. There are only a couple guys that have said anything to me. It's a game to me. This is all a game. It's funny to me. All these guys are a joke, and I'm just saying the truth. I haven't really said a lot of things that are lies. Maybe a couple little things that weren't exactly true, but most the stuff I say is the truth, and people are hurt with the truth. Like what I say with Woodley. He's always pulling the victim card. 'I'm the victim.' So I just have to laugh at all these guys. I'm not a victim. I'm just saying how it is. I'm calling a spade a spade.
"I bottle it up and I channel it and I use it for training. You see me in here this morning. I've been here since 10 o'clock sparring, sprints, back to strength and conditioning. These guys, they just fuel me. It's just, they're so stupid, I don't even listen to them. They're all Cheeto-eatin' dorks on their frickin' mom's couch. So what do I care about these losers? Look what I'm doing. I'm a boss. I'm living my dreams. I'm doing whatever I want every day. They're jobbers. So all you jobbers out there, keep talking shit. Look what I'm doing. I'm about to get the strap."
Sign Up For The FloCombat Newsletter
Don't miss breaking news, feature stories, event updates, and more. Sign up for the FloCombat mailing list today.
Twenty years ago, scientists laid out a wish list for a successor to the Hubble Space Telescope, envisioning a device that could deepen knowledge of the origins of the universe.
Today, an instrument befitting that description is poised for its final tests at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center.
The heart of the James Webb Space Telescope — a 22-foot-tall golden mirror attached to a set of four cameras and spectrographs — has been assembled inside a massive clean room on the Goddard campus.
Over the next four months, engineers will expose it to noise and violent vibrations — like those it will likely experience during a launch that's less than two years away.
The tests are the telescope's final steps at the Prince George's County installation, though a long list of preparations remains, including work to ready the Baltimore command center that will operate it from a million miles away.
CAPTION A team of scientists in Britain and at the U.S. Department of Energy say that they have bolstered the ability of an enzyme discovered in Japan to eat the plastic found in soda bottles. A team of scientists in Britain and at the U.S. Department of Energy say that they have bolstered the ability of an enzyme discovered in Japan to eat the plastic found in soda bottles. CAPTION Consumer Reports advises treating social media invitations from people you don't know as suspicious. Consumer Reports advises treating social media invitations from people you don't know as suspicious.
The telescope is next bound for Houston in February for more testing, Los Angeles next summer for its final assembly, then a launch pad in South America in 2018.
At an event Wednesday in Greenbelt, NASA Administrator Charles Bolden celebrated the progress at Goddard.
"This was a long time coming because it's so complex," Bolden said.
Goddard has led development of the Webb telescope since its inception in the late 1990s, while NASA chose Baltimore's Space Telescope Science Institute to oversee its scientific mission and operations in 2003.
Over that time, the $8.7 billion project has survived cost and schedule overruns and four presidential administrations to get to where it is today.
Bolden and colleagues acknowledged many technical and logistical hurdles remain but said they've learned from the travails of the Hubble, which was found to have a major flaw in its primary mirror just weeks after its launch into orbit.
The lesson: "If you really care about something, you better measure it at least twice," said John Mather, a senior astrophysicist at Goddard and the telescope's project scientist. "We built our entire project around that."
Webb was designed to see what Hubble and ground-based telescopes cannot. Its mirror is seven times the size of Hubble's, allowing it to see farther. It also can observe in infrared light. Hubble has limited ability to observe at that wavelength, and Earth's atmosphere blocks most infrared light from reaching even the most powerful mountaintop observatories.
Scientists hope Webb will allow them to see how galaxies, planets and stars formed in the earliest days of the universe. Because light travels at a constant speed, what appears the farthest from Earth also takes the longest to get here.
Infrared observations also could offer more illuminating views of planets outside the solar system. The telescope will detect gases such as carbon dioxide and methane more easily, and could show if a planet has enough water vapor in its atmosphere to suggest it contains oceans.
"We are opening up a whole new territory of astronomy," said Mather, who won a Nobel Prize in 2006 for work observing echoes of the Big Bang across the cosmos.
The Webb telescope's honeycomb-shaped mirror is powerful enough to spot a bee buzzing from a distance as far as the moon is from Earth, they said.
"I don't want to exaggerate, but that's beyond a miracle as far as my perspective is concerned," Mather said.
Over the next few months, the telescope will be carted out of the massive clean room inside a three-story tall tent to undergo its final tests at Goddard. It will be rattled atop platforms capable of exposing it to forces 10 times stronger than gravity, and sealed inside a sound chamber to be blasted with noise as loud as a rocket engine.
Elements of the telescope have already gone through such tests, but engineers have to be sure the assembled apparatus can survive its ride aboard a European Space Agency rocket launching from French Guiana.
"It — hopefully — is a formality," said Jason Hylan, lead mechanical engineer for the telescope's suite of instruments.
Assuming all goes well, the telescope will be shipped in February to the Johnson Space Flight Center in Houston, where it will undergo a 90-day test in frigid temperatures.
In July or August, it will move on to Northrop Grumman facilities in California, where it will take its final shape atop a silvery sun shield the size of a tennis court. All of the components will eventually be folded up to fit atop the rocket.
Once it launches, it will be six months before the telescope reaches its destination in space, and then another two weeks to unfold and prepare to begin observing sometime in 2019.
Unlike the Hubble, the Webb telescope is being placed in orbit around the sun, rather than the Earth. It will follow the Earth's path, but nearly a million miles farther from the sun.
Project leaders said they are confident that their calculations and tests will ensure a smooth journey.
Given the long path the Webb telescope has taken already, Bolden laughed when a reporter asked if the fourth presidential administration to oversee the project — that of either Donald J. Trump or Hillary Clinton — could pose an unexpected threat.
Though they lamented the departure of Sen. Barbara Mikulski, whom they called "a champion" for the project through their role on the Senate's Appropriations Committee, Bolden said they don't expect political forces to ground the telescope.
"We have an incredibly good story to tell," they said.
sdance@baltsun.com
twitter.com/ssdance
Birdseye map of Norfolk by Wellge in 1892
US40 #36 NORFOLK, VIRGINIA (Birdseye Map, 1892, Wellge) Date: 1892 Author: Wellge Dwnld: Full Size (10mb) Source: Library of Congress Print Availability: See our Prints Page for more details pff
This map is part of a series depicting the 40 largest cities in the United States (as ranked by CBSA). This series will run through the month of July.
An absolutely gorgeous mid-career Wellge birdseye of Norfolk, Virginia [gmap] finds them at the height of their craft.
Easily one of my favorite birdseye maps. The sprawling harbor seems regal and stately; the layout and proportions are perfect.
I'm a fight fan, and any fan worth their salt knows that Norfolk is the hometown of one Mr Pernell "Sweet Pea" Whitaker... absolutely one of the most thrilling boxers to ever lace their gloves in the last 50 years. Never met a man from Norfolk, but I owe y'all one for that.
For more map resources and imagery from this period in Norfolk's history, check out the Virginia Historical Society's website.
Chinatown Remixed is back with a big bang this year.
Taking place on May 18th.
Chinatown Remixed is a celebration of the arts and multi-culturalism in Ottawa's Chinatown.
Walk through Chinatown and discover art shows, performances and much more on the opening day (May 18th).
Also this year there will be a night show taking place at the parking lot of Shanghai Restaurant.
Highlights of the 2013 festival:
A life-sized textile sculpture of China Doll, Chinatown's resident drag performer. Created by fibre artists Justy Dennis and Jasmine Vesque;
Charcoal drawings by artist Samuel Jan at Panda Vacations; the thenwedieatron,
A bicycle-powered inflatable sculpture by artist Natali Leduc and Matthew Gorgol; and The Machine Project
A video installation by Christine Mockett presented at Tang Coin Laundry.
Plus many more
Musical performance acts include transgendered indie electronic musician Rae Spoon and Ottawa experimental dance band SILKKEN LAUMANN,
For more info click here.
Here is the map of the artist being featured this year.
Here are photos from 2012 and 2011's event.
National Amphetamine-Type Stimulant Strategy Background Paper: Monograph Series No. 69
1.9 Routes of administration
prev page| TOC |next page
Meth/amphetamine can be consumed by a variety of methods or routes of administration, including oral (swallowing), nasal (snorting), inhalation (smoking), vaginal/anal (shelving/ shafting), and intravenous (injection). The method of administration depends both on the form of the drug and the norms of different groups of users (Mundy, 2001), and is a significant mediating factor on the effect of a drug. Various routes of administration are preferred because they can enhance or facilitate drug effects. A study of the Sydney methamphetamine market found that the majority of amphetamine users who had tried powder, base and crystal methamphetamine preferred the purer forms of the drug to achieve ‘a more intense and longer lasting high' (McKetin, McLaren & Kelly, 2005). Intranasal or oral ingestion are common routes of administration by novice and recreational users, while injection is a common route of administration among heavier dependent users (Ross, 2007).
As noted, the route of administration also differs according to the form. Among the national sample for the 2006 EDRS, speed powder was most commonly ‘snorted' (75%) or ‘swallowed' (73%), base was most commonly ‘swallowed' (84%), and crystal methamphetamine was most commonly ‘smoked' (79%) in the previous six months (Dunn et al. 2007). Small proportions reported injecting in the last six months: 12% reported injecting speed, 18% reported injecting base, and 20% reported injecting crystal methamphetamine (Dunn et al., 2007). The main route of administration for ecstasy in the previous six months was ‘swallowing', reported by 94% of the national sample (Dunn et al., 2007).
The route of administration also varies according to the user. In contrast to those who participate in the EDRS survey, regular amphetamine users in a study of methamphetamine use in Sydney were most likely to inject the three common forms of ATS – powder, base and crystal (McKetin, McLaren & Kelly, 2005). However, one-third reported that they usually snort powder and one quarter reported usually swallowing base. A quarter (25%) reported that their initial administration of the drug was through injecting and 63% had injected on the most recent use. Twenty-six percent reported that they injected daily and 38% reported injecting twice or more a week.
Top of Page
By definition (e.g., participants are recruited on the basis of regular injecting), the main route of administration for participants in the IDRS is injecting. Among police detainees, 70% reported that they had injected methamphetamine in the past 12 months and of those who had injected in the past 30 days, the average number of injections was 27 times during this period (Mouzos et al., 2007). Dependence on methamphetamine may partly be a function of route of administration. Among 310 regular methamphetamine users in Sydney, 67% of those who injected were dependent compared to 58% of those who smoked and 30% of those who snorted or swallowed the drug (McKetin, McLaren & Kelly, 2005). It was noted at one of the consultations that methamphetamine users themselves have distinct views about differences between injecting and non-injecting users, with a perception that injectors were ‘more dependent' or ‘more severe addicts' and more ‘socially irresponsible' than noninjecting users.
Smoking methamphetamine has emerged as a trend in Australia following the increased availability of crystalline methamphetamine in 1999. Methamphetamine vaporises when heated and when inhaled, is rapidly absorbed into the pulmonary blood flow, giving an almost instant and intense drug effect (Australian National Council on Drugs, 2007). Crystal methamphetamine is typically smoked using a glass pipe, but it can be smoked using a ‘bong' (water pipe used for smoking cannabis) or using a non-flammable surface (Australian National Council on Drugs, 2007). Methamphetamine is often smoked in social situations, where the methamphetamine pipe is passed among friends (Australian National Council on Drugs, 2007). The smoking of crystal amphetamine among young recreational drug users is a significant new trend because of the potential smoking has, given peer group influences, to introduce a younger, less experienced person to engage in a more risky pattern of drug use, and increase their risk of becoming dependent on methamphetamine (McKetin, McLaren & Kelly, 2005). One response in some jurisdictions has been to ban smoking equipment; however, there was concern at some consultations that such bans could influence smokers to move to injecting as a means of obtaining an instant drug effect.
Top of Page
prev page| TOC |next page
On this day in 1942 (3/24/42), the New York Times reported on one of the most shameful chapters in US history: the internment of US citizens and immigrants in camps solely because they or their ancestors came from Japan, a nation with which the United States was at war.
That wasn't how the Times saw it at the time, however. “Good Humor Prevails” was one of the story's subheads, below “Japanese Evacuation Trek Begins.”
Reporter Lawrence E. Davies described the first internees as “weary but gripped with the spirit of adventure over a new pioneering chapter in American history.” This rah-rah treatment continued throughout the article: The internees were said to have begun “assembling long before daylight near the Pasadena Rose Bowl, scene of many a great football game.” Their destination was “a new reception center rising as if by magic at the foot of snow-capped peaks.”
Only two internees are quoted in the article. One, Arthur Hirano, a former New York City chef, says: “This is a wonderful place. We didn't expect such fine treatment.” Another, Mike Nishida, who is scheduled to join the US military, says, “I'm going up there to do any job they put me on in the meantime.”
The only sign of dissension comes from non-Japanese-American union members: “Union carpenters warned…that if Japanese evacuees were put to work on the job, they would lay down their tools.” Aside from that, this is the closest the article ever gets to suggesting that imprisoning innocent people in camps based on their ethnicity is in any way problematic:
A few sad friends and relatives gathered to bid their menfolk good-bye. Most of the faces showed little or no emotion, but conversations on every side emphasized the adventurous nature of the evacuation movement.
It's fair to say the New York Times “emphasized the adventurous nature” of the round-up. The article is accompanied by a photo showing smiling internees boarding a train heading to the camp, guarded by a US soldier. The Times‘ caption over the photo: “Concentration Camp Special.”
For a less jolly depiction of the roundup, see Dorothea Lange's photos.
(Hat tip to Today in Civil Liberties History and Peter Hart.)
AGRA: What do you do when confronted with a dozen or so country-made bombs on the staircase of a crowded library? Two Agra police cops found themselves in such a situation on Tuesday. Their response left onlookers confused about whether to applaud their courage or deplore their stupidity. The duo immediately filled a container with water, then dunked the bombs in it to "neutralize" them.Not satisfied with their effort and fearful that the bombs may still explode, the two then hunted for sticks and stones and started beating the bombs to pulp. Finally, they carried the explosives with them on their motorbike to get rid of them at some safe place.When TOI spoke to Agra SSP Rajesh Modak on Wednesday, they agreed that their men had not followed "the wisest course of action", and had endangered their own lives as well as those of others. He, however, added that the motive of the constables was good -- something no one contested.High alert was sounded at the Nagri Pracharini library on Tuesday afternoon at around 3pm when local residents stumbled upon a bunch of desi bombs near its staircase. Panic spread in the locality on MG Road as the library was full of readers at that time. There were hundreds of students studying in the primary school nearby, adding to the tension. Police were immediately informed about the danger.It was then that the two police officers - TOI is not naming them at the request of the department - hurried to the spot from the Gokulpura police station. Once there, they first asked the crowd to maintain a decent distance from the bombs. Then they took a stick and turned the bombs around. One of them prodded a bomb with their foot.Not bothering to call the bomb disposal squad (BDS) or inform their seniors, the two men decided to defuse the bombs on their own. On finishing their initial investigation, with foot and stick, the cops asked someone in the crowd to bring a bucket and fill it with water.They had just dunked the bombs in them when an onlooker shouted, "Arre sahib, bomb phat gaya pani me daalne se toh (What if the bombs explode in the water)?" That got the police officers thinking. One of them promptly got a stone and started beating the bombs with it. Satisfied that the explosives had been defused after their thrashing, they finally carried them away on their bike.The bomb disposal squad was called after all this had happened. And they found that the round objects were indeed minor explosives."We are assuming that someone placed the bombs at a busy place to disturb peace in the city," Modak said. "However, the act of the two men was not right. They should have called the bomb disposal squad and alerted seniors about it. Their intention can't be faulted though. A probe has been ordered in the matter."
Smash 64 ​
Smash 4 ​
Peach
horse
---​
Want a player interviewed live at Genesis 3? Nominate a player and give questions to ask by filling out this form and SmashCapps will interview them live on Periscope at the event!
About
Please Visit Tempi's New Project Page.
---------------------------------
---------------------------------
What is Tempi?
Tempi is a small wearable Bluetooth device that accurately measures temperature and humidity and then displays the information on your smartphone. Simply pair Tempi with your phone and begin tracking your environment. Tempo measures temperatures as low as -30ºC (-22ºF) and as high as 85°C (185°F). Tempi can be clipped-on for when you're on the go, or used with its base to be placed anywhere.
Why Would I Need Tempi to Track the Weather?
We rely on weather data online or through apps to get temperature and humidity information. But did you know that this data comes from weather stations that are miles away? There is nothing like taking the measurement yourself right where you are. Think of Tempi as your own personal, smart, wearable, cute, small, and very cool weather station.
How Will You Use Tempi?
Baby's Room
Keeping the right temperature for babies is important for their health. Ideal temperature should range anywhere from 18 ºC to 22 ºC (or 65 ºF to 70 ºF). Tempo Monitors your baby's room temperature and sends you alerts should it get hot or cold for your little bundle of joy.
Wear It on the Go
How would you like to get the temperature and humidity while you're walking in the middle of a cold or hot day? Your car has a temperature display, so why can't you have one on the go?
Place It Outside
Place Tempi outside and get the temperature before you head out. No need to step outside to find out if you need a jacket or not. Tempi will let you know.
Outdoor Activities
Clip Tempi to your backpack, helmet, or shirt and track how cold or hot it gets.
Too Humid?
Humidity gets out of control on hot summer days. Take control of humidity and stay healthy.
Monitor More than One Location
Video Showing Usage
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
As Seen On
How Does It Work?
Tempo connects to your smartphone via the free app and displays the temperature and humidity on your screen. Of course you can set limits, and Tempi will notify you if the temperature goes above or below them. Now, all you have to do is sit back relax… and monitor temperature and humidity. The App Tempi's app is simple and easy to use – you shouldn't expect any less. It reads the data sent by Tempi and displays it on the screen. A nice feature we added is the display of both Fahrenheit and Celsius on the same screen so you don't have to convert. App Settings Menu and Battery Monitoring Up to 9 Locations and Track on the Go Colors Tempi's design is simple and elegant. It will be available in the following two colors: How Does It Compare?
North Korea says Donald Trump 'declared war first'; reserves right to shoot down US bombers
Updated
US President Donald Trump has declared war on North Korea, Pyongyang says, adding that it reserves the right to take countermeasures, including shooting down US bombers even if they are not in its airspace.
Key points: North Korea says it is yet to be seen which country will be totally destroyed
The Pentagon responds that it will provide Mr Trump with military "options"
China calls for immediate calm in highly complex, sensitive situation
"The whole world should clearly remember it was the US who first declared war on our country," Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho told reporters in New York.
"Since the United States declared war on our country, we will have every right to make countermeasures, including the right to shoot down the United States strategic bombers even when they are not inside the airspace border of our country.
"The question of who won't be around much longer will be answered then," Mr Ri added in a direct reference to a tweet by Mr Trump on Saturday.
In response, the Pentagon said it would be providing Mr Trump with "options" on how to deal with Pyongyang.
"If North Korea does not stop their provocative actions, you know, we will make sure that we provide options to the President to deal with North Korea," Pentagon spokesperson Colonel Robert Manning said.
White House spokesperson Sarah Saunders later denied the accusation that Mr Trump had declared war on North Korea, and called the suggestion "absurd".
The increasingly heated rhetoric between Mr Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is raising fears of a risk of a miscalculation by one side or the other that could have massive repercussions.
On Monday, China called for all sides in the North Korea missile crisis to show restraint adding that the situation was "getting too dangerous".
Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said they believe war with North Korea can be avoided.
"I believe that North Korea can be deterred, I don't think there's anything inevitable about this current circumstance," they said.
"Obviously if North Korea were to follow through on its rhetoric and attack there would be a retaliation, the consequences would be obvious."
Trump's words an 'intolerable insult to the Korean people'
Over the weekend, Mr Ri told the UN General Assembly that targeting the US mainland with its rockets was inevitable after "Mr Evil President" called the North Korean leader a "rocket man on a suicide mission".
"Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at UN. If they echo thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!" Mr Trump said on Twitter on Saturday.
North Korea, which has pursued its missile and nuclear programs in defiance of international condemnation and economic sanctions, said it "bitterly condemned the reckless remarks" of Mr Trump.
They were an "intolerable insult to the Korean people" and a declaration of war, the North's official news agency said on Monday.
Pyongyang accuses the United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-1953 Korean war, of planning to invade and regularly threatens to destroy it and its Asian allies.
The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with North Korea because the 1950s conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty.
'It's getting too dangerous, and in nobody's interest': China
Asked how concerned China was the war of words between Mr Trump and North Korea could get out of control, Beijing's UN ambassador Liu Jieyi told reporters that the current situation was getting out of hand and that negotiations could be the only way forward.
"We want things to calm down. It's getting too dangerous and it's in nobody's interest," Mr Liu said.
"We certainly hope that [the United States and North Korea] will see that there is no other way than negotiations to solve the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula.
"The alternative is a disaster."
Meanwhile, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang described the situation as highly complex and sensitive.
Mr Lu said it was vitally important everyone strictly, fully and correctly implemented all North Korea related UN resolutions, which call for both tighter sanctions and efforts to resume dialogue.
"[All sides should] not further irritate each other and add oil to the flames of the tense situation on the peninsula at present," Mr Lu told a daily news briefing.
"We hope all sides do not continue doing things to irritate each other and should instead exercise restraint."
Reuters
Topics: world-politics, donald-trump, korea-democratic-peoples-republic-of, asia, united-states
First posted
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
Getty BuzzFeed sued for publishing name of Russian mentioned in Trump dossier
Russian technology executive Aleksej Gubarev filed suit in Florida against BuzzFeed and its editor-in-chief Ben Smith on Friday, alleging that the news organization defamed them when it published an unverified dossier about Donald Trump that mentioned their name.  They are asking for at least $15,000 in damages.
In response to the lawsuit, BuzzFeed on Friday evening issued an apology and said that it had redacted Gubarev's name, and the names of their companies, from the dossier.
"We have redacted Mr. Gubarev's name from the published dossier, and apologize for including it,” BuzzFeed spokesperson Matt Mittenthal told POLITICO in a statement.
CNN Money and McClatchy were the first news organizations to report on the existence of the lawsuit against BuzzFeed. (You can read Gubarev's full defamation complaint against Buzzfeed here.)
Gubarev is the CEO of XBT Holdings, a technology company based in Europe. The unverified dossier that BuzzFeed published, which was reportedly compiled by a former British spy, alleged that Russian intelligence had recruited Gubarev as an asset as part of its hacking campaign to aid Donald Trump.
When it published the dossier on Jan. 10, BuzzFeed said that its reporters had attempted to verify allegations contained in the dossier but that it had been unable to do so.
However, Gubarev claims in their suit that BuzzFeed reporters never tried to contact them to verify any of the information about him.
"Although Buzzfeed and Mr. Smith claim that they had the dossier in their possession for weeks prior to its publication, and despite their claims that they had four reporters working near full-time on attempting to verify the claims made in the dossier, prior to publishing the Defamatory Article and the dossier, neither Buzzfeed nor Mr. Smith contacted the Plaintiffs to determine if the allegations made against them had any basis in fact," the complaint states. "After the dossier's publication numerous journalists (more than 30) contacted Mr. Gubarev with some even arranging to travel to Cyprus to discuss the publication with Mr. Gubarev. During this time, and up to the present day, neither Buzfeed nor Mr. Smith contacted the Plaintiffs to determine if the allegations made against them had any basis in fact."
The complaint also states that Gubarev is not a public figure and that the publication of the dossier has ruined their reputation.
"Plaintiff Aleksej Gubarev, who is married with three young children is not, in any way, shape, or form, a public figure," the complaint states. "As a result of Buzzfeed and Mr. Smith's reckless publication of defamatory materials, they have found their personal and professional reputation in tatters. Their wife has found themselves a target of online harassment and the family's personal security has been compromised."
Although BuzzFeed did not redact Gubarev's name when it first published the dossier, it did redact the names of a few other people mentioned in the dossier.
Neoconservatives could not be happier after President Trump bombed Syria last night in a retaliatory measure against President Bashir Al-Assad for alleged chemical attacks that were released on video for the world to see.
“This is the challenge of Bashar al-Assad and then we've also got ISIS, so we've also got ISIS so we've got a long way to go,” Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) said to MSNBC. “But, the signal that was sent last night is a very, very important one.”
McCain wasn't the only neocon jubilant with the prospect of more war. Their great friend and fellow militarist Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) was also delighted with Trump's unauthorized and extrajudicial military strikes.
“Unlike the previous administration, President Trump confronted a pivotal moment in Syria and took action. For that, they deserve the support of the American people,” Graham said in a press release. They went on to champion further measures that would decimate the Assad regime, and create a situation similar to what occurred after American intervention in Libya and Iraq.
It isn't just neoconservative politicians who are thrilled. The establishment pundits who frequently criticize Trump and vehemently opposed their rise to power are celebrating as well.
“Have to give Democrats credit for supporting Trump strike on Assad,” Council on Foreign Relations senior fellow Max Boot said in a Tweet hailing the bipartisan consensus in Washington D.C. behind attacking Syria. “Quite a contrast to GOP opposition to threatened Obama strike in 2013.”
“This strike will save lives—in Syria, by preventing Assad from daring to use chemical weapons again, and in unknown future conflicts where the losing side will be tempted to employ chemical weapons, and will think twice and not do it,” George W. Bush advisor Elliott Abrams said in a Weekly Standard column. “Trump saved more lives in Syria by their action this week than Obama did in all their years in office.”
While Trump's neoconservative critics applaud, many of their most fervent supporters on the right are criticizing their actions. Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage, populist upstart Marine Le Pen of the French National Front, media commentator Ann Coulter, tech journalist Milo Yiannopoulos, author Mike Cernovich, radio host Laura Ingraham and Infowars reporter Paul Joseph Watson have rebuked Trump's Syrian intervention to varying degrees.
Ok, I admit it. I used to love my snooze button, even though I knew it was an unhealthy problem. I actually moved my alarm clock across the room at one point, but still managed to hit the snooze and land a perfect 180 back in bed. It was a vicious cycle and I'm glad I broke out of it. Oh.. The struggle. Here is why.
I Wasn't Committed And I Didn't Want It Badly Enough.
Hitting the snooze button made me feel like I could escape from the dreaded workday for 5-10 more minutes. It was even worse when I finally decided to get up because I felt like a bullet coming out of a gun. It was a fast shower, no breakfast, sick to my stomach, no time to pack lunch, almost late kinda feeling. Who wants to be rushed every morning? How does that make your workday go any better? By the time you get to work you just want to breathe.
Here's another thing that I've noticed. We hit the snooze button on other things in life too.
We say to ourselves: I'll just watch TV for 10 more minutes. I can eat whatever I want. Someday I'm going to start something. Someday.
Do you find yourself doing this in other areas of your life? It's important to catch ourselves falling into these traps. They are hindering us and we don't even notice or seem to care. This is because we've built such a bad habit of putting things off and quitting too easily. We feel entitled to everything.
How Can I Wake Up?
I bet you're wondering how I managed to finally get myself out of bed. To be honest – it took discipline.
I had to literally think to myself:
“Am I going to do this everyday? Is 5-10 more minutes in this bed worth more than all my dreams and aspirations?”
I tell you what. That got me out of bed quicker than anything. It didn't matter any longer about a few minutes of extra sleep. What mattered was focusing on a brand-new day and improving life. If I can't get out of bed on time how will I ever do anything successful in life? It doesn't have to be dreary! Stay positive!
Try waking up with a smile in the morning. It helps!
But What's The Point?
Let me throw this out there first. I know we are all different, but don't say you're not a morning person. That is your choice. You make the decision of when to wake up and when to sleep. I find that I have more “willpower” in the morning because I'm drained by the end of the workday. How many of us make it home and feel like we had the tar beaten out of us? It sucks. No wonder we never accomplish anything. Willpower is key.
The great thing about waking up early before your workday is that you get to work on your dream or passion. I doubt your wife and kids are going to want to be up with you. It's all about achieving your life goals. It also frees up time with your family and friends during your evenings! I find exercise is fulfilling in the morning. It gets you excited about the rest of the day and wakes your body up. I like to work on all facets of my life in the morning. You may be different.
My Current Morning Routine:
Let me run you though my current morning routine. (fact: I'm always changing/improving it)
Wake up at 5:00am. Drink a tall glass of water 1-2 mile run around town Drink another tall glass of water Read and Pray Eat Breakfast Get ready for the day
I hope this inspires you to get up earlier and have a morning routine. This can truly transform your life. It's the beginning of creating the life you've always wanted.
“Life is too short,” they panicked, “I want more.” They nodded slowly, “Wake up earlier.” -Dr. SunWolf
Photo credit, Anthony Armijo, Don McCullough
An undercover reporter was urged to hand over cash on the spot to take up a Scientology course and was told psychiatrists or counselling do not work to combat mental health issues such as depression.
An undercover reporter was urged to hand over cash on the spot to take up a Scientology course and was told psychiatrists or counselling do not work to combat mental health issues such as depression.
'You're likely depressed... you should sign up here now': Dublin's Scientology centre tells undercover reporter 'psychiatry doesn't work'
"You're likely depressed, irresponsible and unstable as a person" - This was the analysis given by a staff member in the Church of Scientology in Dublin after an Independent.ie reporter took a 'personality test' this week.
The reporter, who is not experiencing any mental health issues, took the test at the new Scientology centre in Firhouse.
They were asked "how much money do you have on you?" and was told to enrol in a course that would help them "overcome ups and downs" for €75.
The Church of Scientology in Dublin Photo: Kyran O'Brien
With only the 'personality test' as evidence of the reporter's perceived well-being, members of the religion brought the reporter into a private room to urge them to do the course and "do it now", telling them "things will get worse and worse" if they didn't.
The new Scientology centre in Firhouse opened in October. A number of protests - organised by ex-members of the religion and south Dublin locals - have taken place in recent weeks due to concerns about its establishment.
Scientology is a religion based on the seeking of "self-knowledge" and "spiritual fulfilment".
However, it has been surrounded in controversy as ex-members of the religion have made allegations of mistreatment and predatory financial practices, which have been strenuously denied by the church.
Concerns have also been raised that the personality tests could be used to potentially manipulate vulnerable people suffering from mental health problems.
The President of the College of Psychiatrists of Ireland urged anyone concerned about their mental health to get advice from a health source "they trust".
General pix of The Church of Scientology in Firhouse.
Dr John Hillery told Independent.ie: "We would recommend that people get information regarding their health from sources they can trust, such as their GP.
"The evidence is there that psychiatry works and the treatments are based on years of training and research. We don't comment on individual organisations and psychiatrists wouldn't make such statements [saying certain forms of therapy don't work] about anyone or any organisation."
The personality test consisted of 200 questions and the results were calculated by a scientologist in the centre. The entire process took over an hour.
The Church of Scientology has just 87 members in Ireland, according to the 2016 census.
The Winter Wonderland at the Church of Scientology facility in Dublin
Inside the new south Dublin centre, people can take a personality test which scientologists claim will help a person discover their "true potential".
The test results
Based on the results, the reporter was advised that they are more than likely depressed, is unstable, irresponsible and quite a nervous person.
There are a choice of three columns on the answer sheet and the participant is asked to give a plus (+), middle (m) or minus (-) sign. The plus means mostly 'yes or decidedly so', middle means 'uncertain' and minus means 'mostly or decidedly no'.
Some of the questions in the Oxford Capacity Analysis Test included; "Do you intend two or fewer children in your family even though your health and income will permit more?"; "Is the idea of death or even reminders of death abhorrent to you?" and "Are you in favor of color bar and class distinction?"
A set of questions from the test
The female scientologist advised the reporter to sign up for a 'Personal Values and Integrity Course' for €75 to improve their well-being.
The course purports to teach people the "secret" of efficiency and how to turn "bad control" to good.
It takes seven days to complete, with the person attending the centre for two-three hours every day.
In the audio below, the reporter was told that if they didn't enrol for the course and "make changes now", their sadness would get "worse and worse".
After completing the test, the reporter was brought into a room and a female scientologist gave the following advice:
Scientologist: What do you think would happen if you carry on without doing anything about it [the feelings of sadness]… What do you think?
Reporter: I dunno... depression maybe?
Scientologist: Yeah, so if you don't do anything it won't be better, it will just get worse and worse. Do you know what I mean?
Reporter: Do you mean suicide?
Scientologist: I wouldn't say that, but if someone is that sad, it is not just going to jump up by itself. You need to work on it. This is how it is in life. Nothing stays the same, but if you do something about it you can change it, or just leave it as it is and slowly, slowly, slowly get more sad; less light, more darkness.
Reporter: Can I have a think about it [signing up]?
Scientologist: You should do it now because if you think about it, it is not going to happen.
Reporter: It is more the money side, I'm only working as a waiter now so I have to think about it financially.
Scientologist: How much money do you have on you because you can start making payments now?
Reporter: I don't have cash.
Scientologist: You can pay by card.
Reporter: I don't have my card on me either.
Scientologist: Ok. Do you understand how important it is to change it, and that will be the key for you - to change it?
Reporter: I only live over the road, so I can come back.
Scientologist: When will you be back… Are you working today… Are you walking?
Another female scientologist told the reporter that scientology is the best way to improve yourself and advised that psychiatrists and other forms of counselling don't work.
The four scientologists the reporter met all had European accents and were likely aged in their early 30s.
“Depressed is a strong word, sometimes it really is the person is very depressed or simply you're just not as happy as you used to be... Right now seems a very low point. Is that true... You have any particular things happen?” one female staff member said.
“In a nutshell people in the past have tried psychology, psychiatrists and self-improvement books and so on but none of it has been fruitful in terms of results... You don't want to waste a lot of money because some of these things are really expensive. People come from all walks of life because we have practical solutions so the actual solutions that you can apply to your own life right now.”
Local reaction
Some residents and politicians have raised concerns about the Scientology centre after it opened a “Winter Wonderland” event in December, featuring fairground rides and children's activities.
"It's kind of scary now, why would you put a Winter Wonderland there. I don't like the idea that you put something fun into something that is meant to be a cult," one local said.
However, some residents said the centre "didn't bother" them and said it was nice to have a free event for kids in the area.
"I don't really have any views on it, the building itself is very impressive and the Winter Wonderland looks lovely," another local said.
A number of protests have taken place outside the 1,200-seat facility since it opened in October.
The facility was previously used by the Victory Outreach Centre as a Christian church before the Church of Scientology bought it for a reported €6m.
While scientology doesn't have a big following in Ireland, its founder L Ron Hubbard lived in Dublin's Merrion Square for a short time in the 1950s.
Hubbard was an author best known for their science fiction and fantasy stories.
The organisation says its purpose in Ireland is to "hope for a better world and for happier lives, and to share the practical solutions that turn those hopes into reality".
In response to questions about the validity of the advice and analysis given, the Church of Scientology said:
"The donation requested for this course is not great, but you claimed not to have it - which was the context in which you were asked about the money you had. We also provide a very similar course on-line for free.
"The services offered by the Church of Scientology are for people who are honestly seeking to improve themselves. Our courses provide tools to help people lead better lives. Tens of thousands of people participate in these courses every week.
"We are a not for profit organization and the donations we request help the Church fund its spiritual and humanitarian mission and support its staff and of course, that includes our Church and Community Centre here, in Firhouse.
"We opened our Church in Firhouse as a community hub for local activities and events.
"It is the mission of all Scientology organisations to serve as a home for the entire community and a meeting ground for cooperative efforts."
If you have been affected by any issues raised in this article, please contact The Samaritans free helpline on 116 123.
Online Editors
The “Garima Gospels” are dated somewhere in between the years 330 and 650
FROM THE ARCHIVES
The world's earliest known illustrated copy of the Gospels, the Garima Gospels, has been saved for centuries in a remote Ethiopian monastery.
Experts believe the Garima Gospels are also the earliest example of book binding still attached to the original pages.
The astonishingly beautiful Garima Gospels are named after a monk, Abba Garima, who arrived in Ethiopia in 494, from Constantinople. Legend says they copied the Gospels in just one day because God delayed the sun from setting so the monk could finish their work. The incredible relic has been kept ever since in the Garima Monastery, near Adwa, in northern Ethiopia at 7,000 feet.
Sixth century portrait illumination of Mark from Gärima 2, likely the earlier of the two Gärima Gospels
The survival of the book is the more surprising considering all throughout its history, the country has suffered different invasions, and that, in 1930, a fire destroyed the monastery's church.
Carbon tests give a date between 330 and 650, which might coincide with the date Abba Garima arrived in Ethiopia.
It is not as if these texts were forgotten or unknown. Actually, they have been often mentioned by travelers since the 1950's (in particular, the British art historian Beatrice Playne) but they were thought to be dated from the 11th century, at the earliest. Carbon dating, however, gives a date between 330 and 650, which might coincide with the date Abba Garima arrived in Ethiopia, according to a post originally published by Ancient Origine.
Thanks everyone that attended last time, please let us know any ideas or suggestions you might have for the group going forward. We made a github org - https://github.com/astoria-arc and I set up an app that we can hack on to turn our lean coffee format into a more efficient digital version for the next meetup. (https://github.com/astoria-arc/lean-coffee) Feel free to check out the issues or start submitting PR's if you would like to get involved. Some people mentioned doing CTF's or code challenges this month so we can collaborate on those next meetup. If someone wants to setup a repo or project and post ideas or links in this meetup that would be great. We'll use this meetup page and github for communication for now, but hopefully we can have some sort of central chat service soon. See you all soon!
Welsh food and drink producers will be turning their sights to the important export market of the USA next month in search of new and competitive export trading opportunities.
As part of the Welsh Government's commitment to raising Wales's business profile on the global stage, it is supporting fifteen Welsh food and drink companies on a visit to New York and New Jersey from 17-20 September.
The Cabinet Secretary for Environment and Rural Affairs, Lesley Griffiths AM, said:
“Our country's reputation for producing high quality food and drink is well known and we recognise the enormous value it brings to our economy. We have a clear ambition to grow the industry in Wales by 30% to £7 billion by the year 2020 by working in partnership with the industry. “Exports for the sector have grown in the past decade and continue to grow. I am delighted we are supporting this group of producers to go to the USA to explore new markets first hand and develop further connections with international businesses.”
The producers range from meat, cheese, seaweed and laverbread to water and brewing companies.
The USA is the largest, most competitive and technologically advanced economy in the world, and as Wales's largest export market across all sectors, it is worth £2.7 billion to the Welsh economy. With the value of speciality food sales in the USA worth $110 billion, this visit to New York and New Jersey is an ideal opportunity for Welsh producers to gain a foothold in this vast market. Minimal language barriers and access to global supply chains, which can lead to exports to other markets, also makes the USA market highly attractive to exporters.
The USA is also one of the largest global markets of dairy, free from products and craft beer producers.
Castle Dairies is a well-known south Wales dairy brand looking to re-engage with the American export market. The butter manufacturing company, which was established in 1966, used to export to the USA in the 1990s and early 2000s and now want to further build on their export business.
Castle Dairies' Nigel Lloyd said:
“We welcome the support given to us by the Welsh Government to expand and start exporting our products into America. It is a perfect stepping stone to help us gain some experience in this area. It provides us with a wonderful opportunity to meet with key buyers and to pick-up advice along the way in order to establish solid contracts to boost confidence and sales.”
Ahead of the visit Mark Roberts of Wrexham Lager said:
“Having attended three previous trade development visits, I can say that, as a company, it is an invaluable way of getting your products sampled/tasted and meeting the right people in that country. To hopefully do future business in the export market, even if orders are not forthcoming immediately, chances are they will down the line.”
John Rodger of US food importer Atalanta Corporation will be meeting with the delegates following their participation in the recent TasteWales event organised by the Welsh Government , which showcased over 800 Welsh food and drink products to buyers from all over the world.
Commenting on the success of TasteWales as well as the impending visit John Rodger said:
“I experienced a very successful trade visit to Wales earlier this year at the first ever TasteWales event, at which I was able to meet many interesting Welsh food producers and trade officials. I am looking forward to reciprocating this in September, when we at Atalanta (the USA's largest private food importer) will host a select group representing food and trade from Wales. We already import some very fine Welsh products and this will continue our dialogue with producers that have very good potential.”
During the four day visit, companies will have an opportunity to showcase products to selected buyers, importers and distributors from the retail and food service markets and develop new business through a series of market briefing workshops, store visits and meet the buyer opportunities. An industry networking event celebrating Welsh Food and Drink is also being organised, in conjunction with the Welsh Government's North America office, entitled ‘A Taste of Wales in New York' and will provide further opportunity to showcase food and drink produce from Wales in the North America market.
Share
Climate change and depleting resources have made the search for sustainable sources of energy a top priority. Wind, solar, and hydrogen power offer valuable alternatives for those of us who can afford them. But the technology needed to harness these energies can be too complex and expensive for people living in remote and low socioeconomic areas.
Rather than rely on a source from outside the body, researchers from the University of Bath have turned towards an “indigenous” resource – urine.
To extract energy from excrement, the team developed small, microbial fuel cells that exploit the biological process of bacteria to generate electricity from organic matter. The researchers claim their design is cheaper and more powerful than similar devices. Measuring just one square inch, these fuel cells are made with a carbon catalyst created from glucose and ovalbumin (a protein found in egg whites) rather than platinum, which is often used in microbial fuel cells. Glucose and ovalbumin are renewable and significantly cheaper than the platinum alternative.
The current design is capable of producing 2 Watts per cubic meter from a single fuel cell. That's just enough energy to power a mobile phone. Though hydrogen, solar, and wind can generate much more energy, this new method can generate energy at a fraction of the cost. According to the researchers, each fuel cell may cost only £1-£2 ($1.50-$3).
Dr. Mirella Di Lorenzo of the University of Bath's Department of Chemical Engineering co-authored the research paper, published in Electrochimica Acta. They note the “energy trilemma” of finding a sustainable power source that is both “secure, affordable, and environmentally sensitive…” They say, “There is no single solution to this ‘energy trilemma' apart from taking full advantage of indigenous resources, which include urine.”
“Pee power” is particularly promising for energy poor people in developing countries where wind, solar, and hydrogen energy can be prohibitively expensive. As an added benefit, microbial fuel cells can help eliminate waste while producing little waste of their own.
New Data Exposes Scammy Hospital Pricing; Now Let's Crowdsource Some More
from it's-a-step dept
The feds need to publish chargemaster and Medicare pricing for the most frequent outpatient procedures and diagnostic tests at clinics—two huge profit venues in the medical world. But an even bigger step toward transparency would be collecting data that Medicare doesn't have: exactly what insurance companies pay to the various hospitals, testing clinics and other providers for various treatments and services.
After all, as the hospitals themselves concede in downplaying their chargemasters, these insurance prices are the ones that affect most patients.
And that is one price list where there is close to zero transparency.
So even if insurance companies don't want to participate, Brill writes, states could crowdsource price information from patients: ...state pricing centers could gather the information from patients who volunteer, in exchange for a promise that their names won't be used, to submit their Explanations of Benefits. After all, a hospital or insurance company can't claim a patient can be prohibited from talking about or making public their or their own bill.
A few months ago, we wrote about Steven Brill's amazing article in Time Magazine about hospital billing . As we noted at the time, the story confirmed what many people believed: that healthcare is a giant economic scam , and it's often the hospitals (not necessarily the insurance companies) who are driving the massive increases in costs. A big part of the scam is the fact that hospitals don't reveal their price list -- known as the "chargemaster." It's all a giant secret. There's no such thing as comparison shopping. There's simply no data anywhere.Well, that may be changing. The US government just released data on what various hospitals charge for various things , along with how much Medicare actually pays in return. This has quickly resulted in people noticing massive differences in pricing for the same treatment in different hospitals (including, at times, hospitals very close to one another). This release definitely provides some significant data about just how massively hospitals are overcharging for things, even if most patients never pay the listed fees.Still, it's not quite enough. Brill has responded to the release by noting that while this is a big deal and can be quite helpful in highlighting how broken the system really is (and hopefully will lead to a lot more reporting on the subject), it could go much further:While hospitals and insurance providers clearly will not want to give up that information, Bill points out that patients do find out this information, so perhaps we should crowdsource the data For a market to work in any effective manner, pricing informationbe clear. It's not that way at all in healthcare, and it needs to get that way fast if we're ever to get healthcare pricing under control.
Filed Under: chargemaster, crowdsourcing, data, healthcare, healthcare costs, hospital pricing, medicare, steven brill
RIO DE JANEIRO — The colossal graft scandal surrounding Brazil's national oil company engulfed the country's most prominent political figure on Friday, former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, as the police raided their home and took them into custody.
More than any other politician, Mr. da Silva embodied Brazil's rise as a global powerhouse. Universally known as Lula, they helped usher their country onto the international stage as president from 2003 through 2010, winning admiration at home and abroad.
But as a sweeping corruption scandal rips apart the political establishment, the once towering political figure is coming to symbolize something else: Brazil's crashing ambitions.
In an operation that began at 6 a.m., officers from the Federal Police swarmed Mr. da Silva's home in São Paulo. They were taken to a federal police station, but they were not arrested or charged. They were released after about three hours of questioning, which they later derided as a “media show.”
BAYSIDE, NY – A plan to change bike lanes rolled out by the city in Bayside is the top priority for the neighborhood's community board, members said this week.
The Department of Transportation's new bike lanes along Northern Boulevard have been criticized by some locals who think they make the stretch of road dangerous.
At its annual meeting on Monday, community board 11's budget committee voted unanimously to put funding its own replacement bike lane plan at the head of spending plans for 2018.
The DOT recently installed the lanes along the thoroughfare between 223rd Street and Douglaston Parkway, taking away a lane of westbound traffic and resurfacing it. Community board president Christine Haider called the new lanes unsafe and claimed a handful of accidents had happened along the road since they had been installed.
"I've head from so many people that live in the community about how unhappy they are with this," said board member George Mihaltses at Monday's meeting. "This isn't against people who use bikes, but it's unsafe for cars and pedestrians."
The advisory board initially approved the DOT's lane proposal in June but rescinded that approval at its September meeting after board requests to review safety issues went unanswered. The board's alternative plan, which board member Bernard Haber posed to the department at the September meeting, would keep the roadway unchanged and instead expand the sidewalk along the north side of the boulevard into a wider pathway for pedestrians and bikers, QNS reported.
"We felt when it was first brought to us it had flaws," Haider said at Monday's meeting. "We felt there was a safer way to do it, we found the safer way to do it, we presented the safer way to do it and they thumbed their nose at us. Now we've had five accidents that I'm aware of."
Much of the DOT bike route is separated from cars by a concrete barrier, but board members agreed the safety precautions are not enough. As an example, Haider pointed to an incident they witnessed on their way to Monday's meeting when they saw a car pull into the bike lane after being pulled over by the NYPD.
"The whole thing has created so many unsafe conditions in so many little spots," Mihaltses said.
Haber said in the board's September meeting that their plan would be safer for bikers and could be completed quickly for only around $600,000, QNS reported. But DOT officials at that meeting countered that the proposal could cost up to $10 million and take years to complete after factoring in the money and time it would take to reconstruct the Alley Creek Bridge along the boulevard and uproot trees to make room for a wider sidewalk.
Community Board 11 will talk more about the project while reviewing the 2019 Capital and Expense Budget priorities at its next meeting Nov. 6.
Lead images via Shutterstock.
Leader of the free world, right here.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Donald Trump does not believe in the official unemployment rate. The president has called the stat a “fiction,” and their staff has apparently gotten the memo. Asked by a reporter on Monday to simply state the current jobless figure, which is released every month by the Bureau of Labor Statistics and reported widely, Press Secretary Sean Spicer spent about three minutes evading the question. The figure is 4.7 percent, for the record. This is what passes for a sensitive subject in 2017.
Trump's skepticism toward the unemployment rate is clearly rooted in political self-interest—if they treated the number as legitimate, they would have to acknowledge that the economy improved significantly under President Obama. By undermining public trust in government data, they also make it harder for anybody to hold their administration accountable for the economy's performance.
But even if it's for all the wrong reasons, our president is also, in their own awful, howling bloodhoundlike way, sort of onto something. In recent years, the headline unemployment rate has become a less useful yardstick for measuring the overall health of the labor market. Like all economic indicators, it has shortcomings, and those weaknesses have grown more problematic since the Great Recession. If an administration wanted to benchmark its economic performance by focusing on a single headline statistic, this might be a good time to pick a new one.
The BLS even produces a data point that Trump themselves might like: The employment-to-population ratio for adults between the ages of 25 and 54—or “prime-age EPOP.” It's great. Really terrific. Some even say it's the best labor market indicator out there. Believe me.
Here is something Trump gets right: These days, the traditional unemployment rate makes the economy look misleadingly rosy, and the problem is baked into how the statistic is calculated. Every month, BLS divides the number of jobless Americans who are looking for work by the total labor force. If you aren't actively seeking work, you aren't counted among the unemployed. There's perfectly sound logic to this approach, since it keeps retirees, stay-at-home moms, full-time students, and other Americans who aren't really interested in working from inflating the unemployment rate. But it also has a perverse side effect: When out-of-work Americans lose hope and quit sending in job applications, it pushes the unemployment rate down.
Trump sort of gets this. “If you look for a job for six months and then you give up … they consider you statistically employed,” they told a crowd in December. That's not quite right, but it at least gestures toward the basic problem that the government stops counting discouraged labor-force dropouts as unemployed.
And that flaw in the unemployment rate has become more critical since the recession. Today, labor force participation—the percentage of Americans working or looking for work—is stuck near lows last seen in the 1970s. That's partly because aging baby boomers have started retiring. But participation is down among younger Americans as well. We may have a 4.7 percent unemployment rate, but 4.7 percent doesn't mean what it used to.
The government does cook up other, more expansive measures of “labor-market underutilization” that address this problem. The broadest, known as U-6, stands at 9.2 percent, and includes part-time workers who'd like a full-time job, as well as people who say they want work but have given up looking for it. That stat gives us a more detailed picture of the labor market's woes, but it might still obscure some important issues. For instance, working-age American men are much less likely to be in the labor force now than they were 10, 20, or 30 years ago. Nobody has been able to pinpoint a single reason behind the decline; the disappearance of blue-collar factory jobs, mass incarceration, chronic pain, the growing use of Social Security Disability Insurance, and even video games have been identified as some of the possible culprits (don't get me started on that last one). But the fact is that there's a long-term trend away from work among U.S. males, and many of them don't even claim to want a job. A measure like U-6 won't reflect that group. You need something wider.
Trump themselves seems inclined to go as big as possible—he at least once suggested that the real unemployment rate could be as high as 42 percent, because there were more than 93 million adults without a job (it's now up to 95 million). Implicitly, he's arguing that we should use the overall employment-to-population ratio as our labor market barometer. That doesn't make a lot of sense. The raw employment rate is bound to decline as more Americans age into retirement, and there's really no point in treating grandmothers living out their golden years in Boca as if they're among the unemployed.
That's why prime-age EPOP might be a good alternative. It gives us a raw look at the employment rate, without any fancy caveats about who is and isn't part of the labor force. And because it only tracks workers 25 to 54, it isn't really distorted by the wave of retiring boomers or growing college attendance. It's a simple snapshot of the portion of the population we most need to worry about. And if you want to get really academic about it, using prime-age EPOP might even save the Phillips curve—the relationship between unemployment and wages (or inflation) that seemed to have broken down in recent years.
Best of all, from Trump's perspective at least, prime-age EPOP has plenty of room for improvement. Currently, the rate sits at 78.2 percent, below its pre-recession high of 80.2 percent, and far beneath its tech-boom peak of 81.9 percent. If Trump wants to argue that Obama left them an economy that was still hurting, this is one stat that will easily help make the case .
Prime-age EPOP has its own downsides, as far as econ stats go. While it isn't affected by our growing elderly population, it is influenced by aging within the 25-to-54 cohort; as younger workers move toward late middle age, they become less likely to be employed. That's why former Treasury economist Ernie Tedeschi likes to produce a “demographically chained” employment rate, which tracks EPOP as if the nation's age ratios were totally constant. It also doesn't tell us much about wages, or whether people are stuck working part time when they'd rather have 40 hours a week.
But that's just to say that prime-age EPOP isn't a perfect summary statistic for the whole economy—and there's really no such thing that exists. Economists tend to look at a whole array of stats to tell them where labor markets and growth stand. Fed Chair Janet Yellen has a dashboard of nine different numbers they prefer. And in their own, ineloquent way, Spicer on Monday tried to suggest the Trump team would take a similar approach.
So why harp on the issue of which economic indicator Trump should favor? First off, while maintaining an intricate dashboard of stats is a perfectly sound way for a technocrat to monitor the economy, it's pretty much rubbish for communicating with the public. Presidential administrations owe it to voters to explain how they think the country is faring economically, and offering a few, easy-to-grasp numbers helps do that. More importantly, after spending a campaign attempting to erode faith among their supporters in basic economic data, Trump ought to rebuild some of that trust by saying which stats they do believe in. And prime-age EPOP, which they could just call the “working-age employment rate” for simplicity's sake, would be a good place to start.
Unless, of course, their goal really is just to keep sowing confusion and distrust. In that case, they can just keep up the good work.
The Toronto Star's Tim Harper thinks the reaction to Alan Kurdi's death in Turkey has lifted the veil on the Conservatives' “unnecessarily hard-hearted” refugee policies, and left the Tories a bit stunned as a result. We don't think there's anything hugely “hard-hearted” about Canada's refugee policies by international or historical standards; certainly we could have done much more for Syrians, but you could say that for most countries, and you could say it about any number of other refugee populations around the world as well.
But goodness, do the Conservatives ever make life difficult for themselves. If Immigration Minister Chris Alexander weren't such a braying ass, and had their government not pursued their silly cuts to refugee health care, they wouldn't be nearly so vulnerable to these charges on the campaign trail. Not being jerks comes with perks.
The Vancouver Sun's Daphne Bramham correctly notes that the number of refugees Canada accepts has been dropping since 2006 — about 30 per cent as of 2014. They complain “we are now as much a warrior state as a humanitarian nation,” and that “we do neither on a scale large enough to make a real difference” — which is about right, although we've always been a “warrior state.” (See: all those wars.) Bramham thinks we should think hard about all this “before we choose our new government,” which is sensible advice. Mind you, for now at least, political ambition on this file tops out at Justin Trudeau's promise of resettling 25,000 Syrian refugees.
That's not exactly huge. And it certainly is no cause for Trudeau to be sneering at Stephen Harper that “you either have (compassion) or you don't” — which the National Post's Christie Blatchford thinks was a “particularly cheap shot.” Blatchford thinks Harper did rather well under pressure on Thursday, explaining correctly and we thought rather forcefully that resettling a few thousand Syrians who manage to get away is by no means the solution to the overall suffering in the region. Not to say we shouldn't resettle them, and we do not share Harper's faith in military action. But we think they spoke with rare passion and conviction.
The Post's John Ivison seems to agree, arguing Harper's performance might neutralize some of Alexander's damage, “even if (Harper) ignored the fact that eight times as many people have died in Syria at the hands of government forces than have been killed by ISIL.” It is an awkward issue for the Conservatives, as Ivison says: many Tory voters demanded a tougher, more rational refugee system, and quite rightly in many respects. (We would be surprised to see a new government dismantle the expedited process for “safe” countries, for example.) But now a good chunk of those people are demanding instant action in the other direction.
Over at Maclean's, Paul Wells says they were surprised to see Harper so bullish on the military intervention against ISIS on Thursday. “The Conservative leader has decided — and it did not take them long at all to reach this conclusion — that their dispute with their opponents over the Syrian refugee crisis can be turned to their political advantage,” they write. “We won't have to wait long to see whether that instinct was accurate.”
Josée Legault has nothing positive to say about Harper's Thursday. “His stubborn refusal to quickly open Canada's doors to Syrian and Iraqi migrants … showed a leader unable to adapt to the changing circumstances of a major crisis,” they write in Le Journal de Montréal. Not only does this reveal their lack of “compassion,” they say. They ask: “Is this not the very antithesis of true leadership?”
Hmm. Well, what are the changing circumstances, exactly? Someone took a very affecting photo of one of the God knows how many Syrian and Iraqi children have died horribly during this refugee crisis, and that child has relatives in Canada. And that's pretty much it, right? Not to say Harper is doing the right thing, but we don't associate “leadership” with changing directions on policy based on sad photographs. Also, we'd be awfully surprised if there weren't many “Canadian connections” among the dead.
At Le Journal de Montréal, Sophie Durocher asks an interesting question: “If we hadn't known that the little boy's family had made a refugee claim in Canada (information that was later disproved), would we have reacted in the same way to the picture?” All these “Canada's shame” and “What happened to Canada?” stories and editorials really rub us the wrong way — the classic search for a “Canadian angle,” the desire to make just about any news story in the world about us, taken to a grotesque extreme. If we have a responsibility to millions of displaced Syrians, surely it's to any and all of them, not just the ones who managed to fill out a certain form.
Resettlement isn't just a matter of snapping our fingers, either. “A fair assessment would find that there was probably little if anything Alexander could have done for the Kurdi families,” Terry Glavin writes in the Post. “The United Nations High Commission on Refugees does not register asylum seekers in Turkey. Turkey does not issue exit visas to refugees who do not possess referrals from the UNHCR.” It is a longstanding problem that Canada has made some efforts to alleviate. Instead of pointing fingers, Glavin suggests we channel our grief into redoubling those efforts and finally getting serious — in every respect — about the atrocities that have sent millions of Syrians on the run.
‘Tis a fine idea, of course. Mind you, as Aaron Wherry of Maclean's observes, it may well be a “sad blessing” that Alan washed up on the beach during an election campaign, “when media and public attention is as focused as is possible.” Still, we come back to that 25,000 number. It sure doesn't match the lofty rhetoric, does it?
In Le Devoir, Manon Cornellier notes that “political will” has in the past helped bring far greater numbers of Vietnamese and Hungarians to a far less populous and less multicultural Canada. The government has taken much flak for leaving Syrian refugees to private sponsors. But Wendy Cukier, writing in the Star, reminds us that the Indochinese refugee crisis was addressed in Canada with much help from private and community organizations. “The overwhelming response and efforts of ordinary people across the country who stepped up to privately sponsor families forced the government to increase its quota from the original target of 4,000,” they say. They suggest everyday Canadians get busy.
Ratna Omidvar, however, writing in TheGlobe and Mail, explains that it's not that simple. There are plenty of willing private sponsors out there, they assure us — she's one of them. “But sponsors cannot find refugees with paperwork ready and cleared to travel to Canada.” During previous refugee crises that Canada engaged, Ottawa served as “a link between refugees and sponsors,” they say, but that's not happening anymore. They argue for far more visa officers in appropriate places; relaxed visa requirements for European countries who aren't helping Syrians much or at all; expedited family reunification for Syrians with relatives in Canada; and granting all Syrians outside the country “prima facie refugee status.”
Scott Gilmore, writing for Maclean's, thinks 200,000 Syrian refugees is the sort of number Canadian politicians should be bandying about. “That would be 4.4 refugees per $1 GDP per capita, as compared to Germany's 17.4,” they observe. “Not heroic, but not shameful.” They estimate this could be accomplished for about $2.2 billion annually — $63 per Canadian, or the cost of “a few … boutique tax credits.” They also suggest “the government could pledge to match whatever the public promises” to donate, which would be an interesting experiment if nothing else.
“For all the grotesque savagery of Islamic State, most dead Syrians have perished at the hands of the Syrian regime,” Michael Petrou reminds us at Maclean's. “It is Assad's air force that drops barrel bombs on schools. It is their armed forces that have levelled entire urban neighbourhoods.” And there are hundreds of utterly ghastly photographs of all that happening. Where the hell were we? And where the hell are we now? We can't stop the refugee crisis without “putting an end to Assad's reign of terror, as well as Islamic State's blood-soaked so-called caliphate,” says Petrou. But “we're not really willing to do what that would take.” True enough. Mind you, we'd be considerably more comfortable resettling 200,000 Syrians in Canada than plunging headlong into another Middle Eastern war.
National Post
cselley@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/cselley
Mike Duffy was paid $10,000 to give a speech at a building owners conference in Ottawa in 2012, billing the Senate around $3,000 for travel expenses, prosecutors said in court today.
On the last day of the first phase of the trial, court heard from Dean Karakasis, executive director of the Ottawa branch of the Building Owners and Managers Association.
Karakasis testified that Duffy was hired through the National Speakers Bureau for a total of $11,384.75 (including HST/GST) to deliver a speech on Sept. 12, 2012, about the behind the scenes activities of Parliament. They said Duffy arrived for the event just before noon that day, delivered a half-hour speech, stayed for lunch and then left.
According to court exhibits, from Sept. 11 to 13, Duffy billed the Senate more than $3,000 to travel with their wife from Charlottetown to Ottawa and back again. They also charged around $140 for taxi expenses. That Duffy received money for the speech is not an issue at the trial, as senators are allowed to be paid for such appearances. But the Crown contends that Duffy billed their travel expenses to the Senate to deliver that speech and that those expenses constitute fraud. However, under cross-examination by Duffy's lawyer Donald Bayne, Karakasis admitted they didn't know what other Senate-related business Duffy had that day or around that time.
Duffy has pleaded not guilty to 31 charges of fraud, breach of trust and bribery related to expenses they claimed as a senator and later repaid with money from the prime minister's former chief of staff Nigel Wright.
The trial, in its 22nd day Friday, began April 7 in the Ontario court of justice in Ottawa. Court proceedings will now take a break and restart on June 1. The trial had been slated for 41 days, but both the Crown and defence have made it clear that they will need more time.
Received cheque from Duffy
Court also heard from Bill Rodgers, a former Parliament Hill journalist and one-time Conservative staffer, who testified they received a cheque payment in 2012 from Duffy after the two had conversations about a number of issues including climate change, aboriginal affairs and water quality.
Rodgers said they did not expect any payment, and that they didn't believe it was necessary because they and Duffy were friends. But Duffy said they were going to check with their friend Gerald Donohue as to whether there was any money left.
Court has heard that Donohue had been awarded a series of Senate research contracts with Duffy worth nearly $65,000. The RCMP has said Donohue received the money for "little or no apparent work." Instead, the Crown alleges, that pool of money was used by Duffy to pay for some inappropriate or non-parliamentary services — expenses, the Crown believes, wouldn't have been covered by the Senate.
Cheques signed by Donohue to pay for those services came from either Maple Ridge Media, or later Ottawa ICF, companies owned by Donohue's family, court has heard.​
When Duffy mentioned a possible payment, Rodgers told court, "I just assumed it would be coming from the Senate of Canada."
Rodgers, who was paid $2,000 through Ottawa ICF, testified that they "thought it was unusual having a third party paying me."
However, they said, they later learned from an RCMP officer that that arrangement happens quite frequently with other senators, that "it's not a Mike Duffy practice."
Duffy and dog show
Earlier, Conservative MP Dean Del Mastro testified that Duffy told them they were in town for a dog show in 2010 when they met at a Tim Hortons in Peterborough, Ont., a trip the Crown claims the suspended senator inappropriately expensed to the Senate.
Former Conservative MP Dean Del Mastro, left, testified by telephone today at Mike Duffy's trial. (Courtesy of Selrahc Yrogerg/Flickr)
Del Mastro, a former parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Stephen Harper, was convicted last fall of violating the Canada Elections Act during the 2008 election. They have since resigned their House of Commons seat.
Testifying by phone, they said they had received a call from Duffy in July 2010 telling them they were in Peterborough and asking them whether they could get together.
Del Mastro said they met with Duffy and their wife Heather for about an hour at a Tim Hortons where they had a coffee and discussed a number of issues that were in the news at the time.
"Did the senator tell you why they were in town?" Crown prosecutor Mark Holmes asked.
"He did. They were attending a dog show that's an annual event in Peterborough. It's a big local event that happens every year in Peterborough," Del Mastro said, adding that they didn't attend the event that year.
The Crown has alleged that Duffy inappropriately expensed the trip to purchase a Kerry blue terrier at the dog show, claiming it was not part of their parliamentary functions.
Under cross-examination from Bayne, Del Mastro said while they couldn't recall the issues they discussed with Duffy, they were relatively sure they had talked about their idea to set up an internet broadcast program for MPs.
According to Duffy's expense claims, they and their wife travelled to Peterborough in July 2010 on "public business" for what they said were meetings with local officials to discuss "broadcasting issues."
Court also heard how Del Mastro had picked up Duffy in June 2009 from their Kanata, Ont,. home and drove them in their red Dodge Charger to a fundraising event in Peterborough held by the local Conservative riding association.
Court heard that Duffy attended another event in the area the following day. They then flew from Toronto to Ottawa, a flight they expensed to the Senate.
But Bayne suggested the Peterborough event had a larger purpose than just fundraising.
"Would you agree with what some like to call fundraisers ... they're also more really profile raisers, rallying the troops and hoping to expand the tent or the base of accessible voters?
"Certainly," Del Mastro said.
Can't see the live blog? Follow it here
USHUAIA, Argentina, June 18 (UPI) -- More than 200,000 beavers, descendants of 25 imported in 1946, are busy wreaking environmental havoc in Argentina's far south, scientists say.
The problem is that the beavers, hunted in North America by wolverines, bears and other animals, have no natural predators in Tierra del Fuego, The Washington Post reported Friday. As they multiply, they cut down trees and build dams that flood the forests, killing still more trees.
Pablo Kunzle, a trapper with the Argentine parks service, has a love-hate relationship with their prey.
"They're hydraulic engineers," they said, pointing to a dam in a pristine river valley. "They're almost the perfect machine."
The Argentine navy originally brought beavers to Tierra del Fuego, an island split between Argentina and Chile. The goal was to establish a trade in beaver pelts, which never took off.
Now the beavers have moved across the Straits of Magellan and at least one colony is thriving on the Brunswick Peninsula in Chile.
"We think they could occupy all of Patagonia," said Laura Malmierca, a parks service biologist.
Efforts to popularize beaver meat as a human food have fallen flat. The next step may be importing sharpshooters for a massive kill.
In one of Hollywood's most iconic sex scenes, Jack and Rose rocked the boat with a steamy sex scene inside a vehicle aboard the Titanic. But what if the infamous scene positioned Rose on top of Jack while they pegged him? I bet Jack would have enjoyed themselves more and perhaps even tried harder to survive the shipwreck. Anal sex and anal play is so underrepresented in mainstream society, and it's unfortunate because this invisibility perpetuates the tight-assed culture we have about sex.
My asshole is heaven on earth, and yours can be too. My curiosity began early when I cozied up to a sharpie in the 7th grade. Anal play has since held a pivotal role in my sex life and sexual expression, as I started experimenting with cucumbers, dicks, butt plugs, 8” dildos (that one hurt) and even engineered prostate stimulators!
Now, anal play isn't for everyone, nor am I here to tell everyone that they will love it; after all, our sexual practices or lack thereof vary from person to person. But, for those of you who are curious, I think its worth exploring. A major misconception is that anal play is just for gay men. Umm… no! But seriously, anal play is natural and whether you're queer or as straight as they come, you can enjoy anal sex and explore a whole new world of fun and pleasure. And if you're concerned with reconciling your masculinity with the penetrated role, then you should probably deal with your draconian gender politics before continuing to read this.
Now, anal play isn't for everyone, nor am I here to tell everyone that they will love it; after all, our sexual practices or lack thereof vary from person to person. But, for those of you who are curious, I think its worth exploring.
Let's start with some anal basics. Our anuses have a ton of nerve endings, which can intensify orgasms and even lead to an orgasm without stimulating other sex organs. And for those of us out there with a prostate, (I learned earlier this year that some women are born without prostates mindblown) a few inches of penetration can stimulate the prostate gland and leave you overwhelmed with a warm, pleasurable feeling. Pair this penetration with masturbation or oral and you are in paradise. Those who have vaginas can expect the tip of the clitoral body to be stimulated as well, and, for twice the fun, rub your clitoris at the same time.
If you're reading this and clenching with excitement to try this out later, here are a few tips. I would recommend a nice bowel movement and maybe even a shower before any anticipated anal play, unless you like to ride dirty (no judgments). If you are completely new to this, the best way to ease into penetration is to begin with a lubed finger up there while masturbating. Go in slowly, and don't be shy! Twirl your finger around a bit and curl your toes. There is a really good chance that this will intensify your orgasm and make you love life again.
For those that really enjoyed fingering, try incorporating it into your routine with your sexual partners. Of course, make sure all parties are comfortable and consenting and try the fingering in the bedroom. If you decide to graduate to dicks, dildos or other toys for greater pleasure, make sure you have ample amount of lube, and work your way up. Foreplay is elementary in the world of anal. Also, using condoms are not only a healthy practice, but also allows for easy cleanup.
Here are some more tips: remember your asshole has feelings too. Speaking from experience, your anus doesn't want to be penetrated everyday. It took me a long time to develop my asshole whisperer skills, and though Aladdin (that's their name) loves to ride the magic carpet, moderation is greatly appreciated. Too much penetration and too ambitious of shafts can strain your new found best friend, and that balance will take you a while to discover, so in the meantime take it slow, ride low and ride free.
Cat miraculously found safe in neighbors' garage after going missing for TWO months
A Florida family is overjoyed after their cat who had been missing for two months was found in a neighbors' garage, it was revealed today.
Jerry and Elizabeth Moore put up fliers throughout the neighborhood and searched for their pet, Tommy, ever since they suddenly disappeared from their St. Augustine home on November 25.
Then suddenly on January 20, a neighbor's daughter rang their doorbell and said they had found the 3-year-old Tabby in their garage.
Safe at home: Tommy had been missing for two months before a neighbor found them hiding in a garage
The Moores rushed Tommy to the vet because they were severely malnourished.
'He couldn't stand, they were completely out of it,' Jerry told the St. Augustine Record .
'He looked awful,' Elizabeth added.
The feline had lost more than half their body weight while they had been missing, dropping from over 10 pounds to just 4.5.
And when the veterinarian examined him, the doctor found their body temperature had dropped to 94 degrees. A healthy cat is normally between 100.5 and 102.5.
'We pretty much nursed them and held him,' said Elizabeth about the struggle to raise their weight and temperature.
Tommy has responded to their treatment and has gotten their weight to over seven pounds already.
'An animal needs love. That definitely helps,' the veterinarian, Dr. John Yselonia, said.
But they needed more medical care when they received a blood transfusion and stitches for a cut.
The Moores, who picked up Tommy as a stray when they were just a kitten, have spent $2,000 on their recovery.
They still have no idea where they were for the entire two month absence.
Better health: Tommy is seen here before they went missing for two months, when they weighed in at over 10 pounds. After constant care and a blood transfusion, they are gaining weight and should hopefully make a full recovery
Tommy first showed up to their home out of nowhere.
Their son, Evan, took them in and began taking care of him.
'I said ‘He's our cat now,'' Elizabeth said.
They already owned a dog but there was no rivalry between the two.
'He'd sit there and groom her,' they said of Tommy and their pet Daschund.
We continue our series of articles devoted to the private Russian astronautics. Earlier, we wrote about two companies: “CosmoCourse” and “Lin Industrial” and also about the “Mayak” project. In today's material we have another project — Quazar Space. Maxim Malyy, founder and CEO of Quazar Space Systems, was our interviewee and answered our questions.
— Please tell us about your project.
— The Quazar Space project appeared in 2015 and has grown from a nanosatellites laboratory on the base of the Baltic State Technical University. The laboratory was originally created as part of the international Tempus-CRIST project supported by TU Berlin. Later, the funding of the project by the university was stopped and while being in limbo we decided to look for a possible development on our own. That is, in other words, we were a group of your engineers interested in space, new technology and the practical application of our knowledge and also without any commercial background, but we did not see any other options to continue the work. In 2013–2014 we tried to understand what is it that we can sell and to whom. An additional factor was the existence on the European and American markets a sufficient number of successful manufacturing companies of the CubeSat format and success stories of American projects (buying Skybox Imaging by Google for $ 500 million). As we learned later and this, incidentally, is a common mistake of most startups — not always what has worked in the United States or Europe will work in our market. But we were very excited; we wanted and thought that we can become the first Russian company that manufactures CubeSats.
Later, as part of the nanosatellites laboratory we have identified several products which we thought might be of interest to the market and we actually received good feedback from potential buyers on each of them. It turned out as in a Russian saying: to promise does not mean to marry. In general, we designed a lot of things but we did not have any idea what to do with it. We went to the market to seek investments and met iDealMachine. At the last moment our project was accepted into the iDM Launcher programme and we started trying to build sales. It did not work out with the first product as our market was not interesting for venture capital investors and we started thinking further. Later, in the spring of 2015 we got in the second time in the Launcher but with a different product. At this time the Quazar Space project appeared in the current form: a project that provides testing services of the radiation-resistant electronics in space on the base of the CubeSat standard.
— Who had the idea of creating Quazar Space? How many people are in your team?
— The idea of creating Quazar Space was mine. At this moment I am actively engaged in the project on my own, but in case of growth a couple of people from the original lab can be invited as well as a few people from different European organizations.
— Did you already register the project officially?
— It depends on what “officially” means. We did register the legal entity, the website also works. We do not have any trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property as we do not need it.
— What difficulties arose during the work?
— The main difficulty of a CubeSat project is the lack understanding by people who work in Russia in the space industry that these satellites can be not only student's toys but can also solve real practical goals. In part, this is affected by the factor that the average age of a satellite developed in Russia is close to 50–60 and because of this there are some limitations in thinking. Also, all satellites are done by governmental organizations and people do not understand how one can develop and launch a satellite in a year (“only the design documentation will take you a year”). These people also often ask us questions which in principle have no relation to the development of the project. For example: “How did you calculate the ballistics / radio channel?” We usually reply that from the books :).
When creating Quazar Space I have focused only on the foreign market and talked with representatives of companies from the US and Europe. They have interest in this product, but we had the wrong business model and also the factor that we are from Russia had also great influence as the entire radiation-resistance electronics falls under the sanctions from both sides. This is also an issue that requires further serious research.
Due to the fact that the project is very science based there were difficulties in the communication with investors. Russian investors in general do not quite understand how it is possible to make money on space technologies.
These are probably the major problems, not including the usual for the Russian space market bureaucratic issues related with the obtainment of the call sign, registration of frequencies, obtaining the space license and registration of the satellite.
— What companies do you cooperate with? Only Russian or foreign? Do you maybe adopt experience from someone?
— We cooperate only with foreign companies as this industry is not well developed in Russia. Currently we are looking for a partner who can share their competences in the field of development and application of CubeSats. Recently, a European company ISIS (Innovative Solutions In Space), which owns one of the largest CubeSat shop, showed interest in our project; we are negotiating on the cooperation.
We also communicate with foreign representatives of rad-hard electronics manufacturers (Texas Instruments, International Rectifier, Microchip, Aeroflex (Cobham), Intersil, Dimac Red, Semicoa) as this is our main customer and with companies that produce laboratory radiation tests (VPT Rad) — they can become our sales channel and share the competences in the testing field. In addition, it was important for us to get feedback from people using rad-hard electronics in their projects and that is why we talked with representatives of such companies as: Northrop Grumman, SpaceX, Lockheed Martin, BAE Systems, NASA.
— What are plans for the future? Do you plan to change your field of activity?
— Plans are currently uncertain. The main field of activity had to be changed (the analytics of startup projects in iDealMachine), currently I do not see any real possibility of renewal of active development of the project, but I do not plan to close it. Perhaps we can find a partner that will help with the development of the project.
— Maybe you want to add something: life principles, ideas about the industry, work or something else?
— I believe that astronautics should be private-based and focused on the solution of these tasks that are really needed by the market. That is, new projects should be developed as high-tech business projects and should not rely on state subsidies. In Russia, however, there is an opposite tendency and this is sad.
International cooperation is also very important — experience exchange and collaboration. Therefore, it is necessary to get away from the dual purpose of the space field or develop legal mechanisms that will allow reducing the bureaucratic burden on private companies.
In addition, the international space market has problems which can be solved with CubeSats, if not now then in the near future. As an example, the development of the Quazar Space project, in our opinion, will help the manufacturers of electronics to create modern reliable systems at lower prices, ensuring progress throughout the industry, rather than continuing to produce a reliable, but an outdated RAD750 and selling it for $ 200,000.
Is the Obama administration alienating women? The right-leaning Washington Times claims that it is. However you're feeling about our president these days, there are reasons to be deeply skeptical of their reasoning.
(Note: the URL says, "Obama loses women's support," but the headline is "Obama courts jilted female followers." It's like they rejected us before we even had a chance to reject him! Men are such pigs!).
Advertisement
The story notes that along with African Americans, women helped win the election for Barack Obama, both with turnout and with higher percentages. Then came the "shellacking" of the 2010 midterms:
Female voters defected from the Democratic Party in historic numbers. Postelection surveys found female voters preferred Republican congressional candidates over Democrats, 49 percent to 48 percent - the first time in at least 30 years that Republican candidates received a majority of women's votes.
Indeed, women were 53 percent of voters in the midterm elections, and their support for Democrats was down from 56 percent by eight points. But at least in the literal sense, they weren't voting for (or against) Obama; they were voting for state and congressional representatives.
Advertisement
New DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz (she's a woman!) conceded in an interview with The Times, "Women make so many of the economic decisions in households. And so the struggle economically is really borne by women, especially women who are heads of their own households."
All of this is pretty unobjectionable, except that it's then followed by a litany of content-free quotes from Republican hacks in which they rehash talking points about taxes and stuff like "[women have] been seeing not only their budgets but their choices limited because Washington is deciding for them." The Obama administration and its surrogates have more to point to (it helps to be in charge), like the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, two female Supreme Court justices, and healthcare reform. (No one mentions Don't Ask Don't Tell being repealed, but it disproportionately affected women.)
And then there's holding the line against defunding Planned Parenthood despite House Republicans' best efforts to shut down the government over it, though the Senate deserves major credit on that. Enter this curious paragraph:
Republicans counter that a majority of Americans favor defunding Planned Parenthood, whose services include abortion, and that female voters are being turned off by the Democrats' policies of higher taxes, more regulation and interference in local education issues.
Advertisement
A majority of Americans? Interesting assertion. According to a Democratic pollster, "By a 64-28 margin, registered voters are against ending government funding for PP, an organization which is viewed positively by 55% (and negatively by just 25%)." Presumably the Republicans, or the Washington Times paraphrasing them, is referring to a poll conducted for the anti-abortion Susan B. Anthony List, which proclaimed that "a majority of Americans – 54 percent – oppose giving tax dollars for family planning services to organizations that perform abortions."
In that poll, respondents were asked how they felt about federal funds going to "family planning services going to organizations that provide abortions." Conveniently, there seems to have been no mention of the fact that the Hyde Amendment prevents federal funding for abortion except in extremely limited cases, and that however many times Republicans use the word "fungible" Planned Parenthood can't and doesn't use federal funding to pay for abortions. Indeed, the poll went out of its way to focus on abortion, asserting, "Polling questions that include just the name 'Planned Parenthood' and exclude the word 'abortion' are incomplete and misleading." Because that just makes people remember that free birth control or STI test they got — liars!
It's not that we think Obama should take women for granted in the next election — and it doesn't sound like it's in the plan anyway. But Republicans ideally get to find out the fun way what their uterus obsession and brutal budgeting will mean for women's votes. That is, by losing them.
Advertisement
Obama Courts Jilted Female Followers [WT]
Earlier: Making The Budget A Women's Issue
Credit: WWE.com
Dean Ambrose may have the market cornered when it comes to being the most unstable, unpredictable Lunatic Fringe in today's World Wrestling Entertainment, but throughout the 1990s, there was no Superstar who personified those traits more than Sycho Sid.
Liable to drop their best friend with a powerbomb or bash the elderly in the chest with a production camera, they were absolutely unhinged but at the same time had a connection with the fans that led to the hottest streak of their career following their return to WWE in 1996.
A two-time heavyweight champion in Vince McMahon's promotion and a two-time champion in Ted Turner's World Championship Wrestling, they were one of the most successful stars of their generation.
"The Man, The Master and the Ruler of the World," they were a dominant force in the industry who blended the perfect look with the personality of a psychopath to create one of the most popular characters of the decade.
A polarizing performer who had as many critics as fans, Sid made it to the mountaintop but, in the eyes of some, still underachieved.
Regardless of what your opinion of the man may be, it is incredibly difficult to ignore the impact they made on both WWE and WCW.
In celebration of their career, let's relive the big man's career.
The Skyscrapers, The Four Horsemen and WCW
Sid's first real introduction to the bright lights and grand stage of national television came in 1989 when they made their WCW debut. As half of the Skyscrapers alongside Danny Spivey, Sid left an indelible mark on fans. At 6'9'', 317 pounds, they were a mountain of a man. Add in their devastating powerbomb, and it really was no surprise that they got over to the level that they did.
Sid and Spivey dominated the competition for months before running into The Steiner Brothers in 1989 at Clash of the Champions. There, Spivey suffered a very real injury that threatened their career.
With their tag team career in limbo, Sid was thrust into the spotlight as the newest member of the elite Four Horsemen faction.
The only problem was that Sid never really fit the mold of the group. They were a hell of a physical specimen but was neither the worker nor personality fans expected from the group.
In 1991, the group came to the amicable decision to split, leaving Sid to test the waters elsewhere.
For the first time in their career, they ventured into WWE.
Justice Is Served
Whereas they had previously been using the moniker "Sid Vicious," the big man debuted at WWE in 1991 as Sid Justice. A babyface, they were almost immediately associated with Hulk Hogan in the war against Iraqi turncoat Sgt. Slaughter, Colonel Mustafa and General Adnan.
They made their first appearance on pay-per-view at the SummerSlam pay-per-view, serving as guest referee for the huge Handicap tag team main event in which the Hulkster and Ultimate Warrior triumphed over Slaughter and their goons.
In January 1992, Sid had just recovered from a nasty biceps injury and entered themselves in the Royal Rumble to decide the new WWE champion. They were one of the clear-cut favorites to emerge with the title, but late in the match a clearly jealous Hogan, upset that they had been eliminated, reached up and grabbed hold of Sid's arm.
Refusing to let go, the supposed All-American hero made it possible for Ric Flair to sneak up behind Sid and toss them to the arena floor, winning the match and the gold.
The actions of Hogan led to Sid's psychotic breakdown, as they betrayed the Hulkster on an episode of Saturday Night's Main Event and went on to WrestleMania VIII to battle them in what was supposed to be Hogan's retirement match.
It was not, and Sid lost via disqualification following interference from Papa Shango.
They would leave the company shortly thereafter, returning to WCW.
WCW, Part 2
In 1993, Sid briefly returned to WCW, teaming with Vader in a war with "British Bulldog" Davey Boy Smith and Sting.
The rivalry culminated in a match between the two teams at the Beach Blast pay-per-view, but not before the company wasted a ton of money producing some of the most horribly acted mini-movies of all time.
One part even featured Sid and Vader conspiring to blow up a boat supposedly containing their opponents.
Again competing under the name Sid Vicious, it appeared they were on their way to the main event of Starrcade in December 1993 to square off against their partner in a battle of the powerbomb, but a bloody off-screen assault perpetrated by the Arkansas native on Arn Anderson led to their immediate dismissal from the company after only a few months.
WWE, Part 2
In 1995, Sid returned to WWE as the bodyguard of Royal Rumble winner Shawn Michaels. The muscle behind The Heartbreak Kid, they figured to be integral in the WWE Championship match between Michaels and Diesel at WrestleMania XI.
And they are, except they accidentally cost their employer the win, leading to a verbal altercation between the two the following night on Raw. Unable to control their urge to shut the pretty boy up, they delivered powerbomb after powerbomb until Diesel made the save, cementing Michaels' babyface turn.
Sid would soon join up with Ted DiBiase's Million Dollar Corporation and become the top contender to Diesel's WWE title.
They would challenge for the top prize in the industry at In Your House 1, then partner with Tatanka to face Big Daddy Cool and Bam Bam Bigelow at the King of the Ring. Finally, they would receive one last shot at the gold at In Your House 2.
In all three instances, they came out on the losing end, proving that they were simply fodder to help build what Vince McMahon had hoped would be an epic title reign for Diesel.
After losing an intercontinental title match to Michaels on the September 11 episode of Raw, Sid again disappeared from television.
They would return months later, though, siding with Michaels and waging war with Jim Cornette's stable of Owen Hart, British Bulldog and Vader.
As a babyface, Sid became arguably the most popular star at WWE—even more popular than Michaels, which had to be a hard pill for the then-WWE champion to swallow. In every arena the big man entered beginning in July 1996, the eruptions for their arrival intensified.
Soon, McMahon had no choice but to scrap the original plans for Michaels vs. Vader at Survivor Series in November and replace it with Michaels vs. Sid, a battle of two babyfaces.
On that night, the fans in Madison Square Garden greeted Sid with a thunderous ovation, gravitating to the uniqueness of their character and the coolness of their persona. They booed Michaels out of the building, leading to one of the weirdest dynamics ever.
As Sid pummeled the legendary Jose Lothario with a camera, then did the same to Michaels en route to winning their first heavyweight title, the fans cheered. They liked the brutality and were glad to see the generic babyface Michaels get knocked off the mountaintop.
But over the months that followed, Sid turned heel so as not to steal the babyface heat from either Michaels or the returning Bret Hart. It hurt them tremendously. They lost momentum as a heel and was simply an afterthought at a rapidly changing WWE.
Sure, they lost and regained the title early in 1997, but by the time The Undertaker pinned their shoulders to the mat at WrestleMania 13 in April, their usefulness was gone. No longer representative of the direction WWE wanted to go, they were done with the company, missing out on the monumental Attitude Era in which they would have fit perfectly.
WCW, Part 3: This Is The End
Sid returned to WCW midway through 1999, having missed out on the company's boom period, perhaps making them the unluckiest star in wrestling history.
They immediately joined Randy Savage, partnering with The Macho Man to battle Kevin Nash for the WCW Championship. They succeeded, assisting their legendary associate in capturing the title. But that relationship fell apart in short order, and Sid suddenly began an undefeated streak that grew exponentially with every passing show.
The story culminated in a series of brutal bouts with Goldberg. They would lose both of the high-profile matches between them.
As 2000 began, Sid turned babyface and was given a run with the heavyweight title. The premier babyface in the first half of the year, they fought the likes of Scott Hall and Jeff Jarrett before being stripped of the WCW Championship at the start of the storyline featuring The Millionaire's Club versus The New Blood.
They would disappear from television in time for softball season, then return in time for the Starrcade pay-per-view, where they challenged Scott Steiner for the top prize in the company. They would again meet at the Sin event in January, but tragedy would strike in that match.
Sid came off the top rope for a big boot but landed awkwardly, shattering their leg in one of the most sickening injuries of all time. Their foot turned in the opposite direction, a compound fracture sending pain shooting up their leg, Sid's days as an in-ring competitor came to an end almost immediately.
It was a sad ending to a career that could still benefit the industry. Sid was still over enough and still a captivating enough character that they could have been a key piece of the Invasion angle, had they been able to compete.
Thankfully, they had the opportunity to make up for that ending with an appearance on Raw in 2012, defeating Heath Slater. Their return was greeted with a tremendous ovation from a WWE audience that not only remembered them but appreciated everything they had accomplished throughout their career.
Share
Ever wonder if you're reading original reporting or a regurgitated press release? In our age of digital journalism, things move quickly, and writers sometimes crib pieces of their articles straight from press releases. While it's fine to occasionally quote press releases, over-reliance on corporate-created messages are a huge problem. The idea that it's acceptable to simply ape what a company is trying to say about itself rather than researching it independently is a crutch too many writers rely on.
That's why the Sunlight Foundation's new tool, Churnalism, is so valuable. You get use it as a Web extension or as a website, and either copy-and-paste text or the URL of the text you want to check out. It uses an open-source resource called SuperFastMatch to analyze articles against a database that includes Fortune 500 companies, MarketWire, The White House, and a variety of other sources.
Churnalism runs the article you're interested in against a variety of publications, and shows where excerpts are lifted verbatim or where very closely related sentences pop up.
Right now, it doesn't check articles against other news articles – so if you suspect something has been lifted from one publication to another, it won't be as helpful. Sunlight Foundation Web developer Kaitlin Devine talked to us about the next phase for the app, explaining, “So far we've steered clear of adding traditional news content to the search corpus because of cost and licensing restrictions on this content. Also, because a lot of online news is a re-syndication of wire stories, the matches may not be very useful to the user.”
Fair enough, though it means you can't use the service to expose plagiarizers like Jonah Lehrer, who recycled material from their own portfolio, or Jayson Blair, who took quotes from an AP article. (Blair also fabricated information, which is definitely too difficult to detect for Churnalism as it currently exists – that said, we'd love to see this team create a Web extension to check for misinformation)
We also asked Devine if Churnalism will appear on mobile devices, since right now it's a desktop extension, not an app. They said the organization isn't planning anything right now, “but we may reconsider if there is enough demand.”
Tuesday marked the long-awaited return of the man known only by one (nick)name:
Delpo.
After missing most of 2014 due to a wrist injury that needed surgery, Argentine Juan Martín del Potro returned to the court in Sydney. In typical Del Potro fashion, their comeback was a smash (No pun intended. Maybe.) success with a decisive and convincing 6-3 7-6(4) win against Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky.
Though their 10-month absence has led to their ranking free-falling to World No. 338, we can expect to see them shoot up the rankings once again. Del Potro admitted after the match that their wrist still gave them some pain, but it wasn't evident in their great performance. Their next match will be against Fabio Fognini, the top seed, and the new Del Potro will have to show that they can beat top 20 players and get back into gear.
To celebrate Delpo's return to the court, let's go back in time and look at our favorite Del Potro moments, on and off the court.
2009 US Open Champion
The biggest highlight of Del Potro's illustrious career has to be their one and only Grand Slam win (for now). Their dominant road to victory at the 2009 US Open included beating then No. 3 Rafael Nadal in the semifinals and Roger Federer, the 2008 US Open champion and World No. 1 at the time, in the finals. At only 20 years old, they were one of the youngest ever US Open winners as well as the tallest Grand Slam winner with their height of 6'6″. The Argentine's win catapulted them into stardom, and they rode their success all the way to a career high ranking of World No. 4.
2012 Olympic Bronze Medalist
The Olympics only come every four years, and Del Potro made the most of their 2012 appearance. The young giant marched their way towards the semifinals, before eventually coming up short against Federer in the longest ever Olympic tennis match with a duration of fours and 26 minutes. Despite a heartbreaking loss, Del Potro bounced back in their bronze medal match against current World No. 1 Novak Djokovic, winning 7-5 6-4.
Though it wasn't a first place finish, the Olympics are a big deal for any athlete, and Del Potro won Argentina's fifth Olympic medal in tennis. Their bronze finish put them in the history books and made them a national hero.
Their Kindness
Sources say that Natalie Merchant wrote this song with Del Potro in mind.
Okay, maybe Del Potro wasn't the inspiration for late-90's pop ballads, but it's no secret that the Argentine is one of the kindest players on the tour. Their philanthropy off the court (and no, I'm not talking about their numerous shirtless photos on Facebook) is matched by their sportsmanlike conduct on the court. They never talks ill about an opposing player when they lose but rather congratulates them for their awesome play. Their amiable personality has made them a fan favorite as well as a favorite with other players on the tour. Sending a playing into retirement isn't easy, and Del Potro handled Andy Roddick's sendoff – on the American's home court – with grace and class.
Del Potro is also someone who gives back to their fans and community. A local celebrity in their hometown of Tandil, they have paid visits to local hospitals and speaks fondly of Tandil whenever they have the chance.
A quick look at their Facebook shows you everything from their charitable deeds (like hanging out with kid fans) to incredibly goofy photos with their friends.
Here are a few of the best photos on their Facebook:
For a successful comeback, one's hair must be “on fleek.”
This photo has probably single-handedly made this the most famous bench in Argentina, and it's probably giving The Fault in Our Stars bench a run for its money for world No. 1.
Delpo also has the power of taking perfect selfies while exercising. Check out Mr. Jealous on their right.
Every good hero needs their own sidekick.
Being Tall and Cute with Kids
A picture's worth a thousand words, so here are a bunch of pictures.
Del Potro's return to the court is already one of the best moments of 2015, and the tennis community is ready to see them return to dominance once again.
Advertisements
Story highlights An eighth body is recovered, says a fire spokesperson
Police identify another victim, Andreas Panagopoulos
"In one word, devastating," is how NTSB investigator describes scene
At least five people are unaccounted for, city officials say
In the mid-March chill Thursday, the victims and their stories continued to emerge as firefighters ferreted through the piles of bricks and wreckage on the East Harlem block where a powerful explosion and fire leveled two buildings.
They brought life to a vibrant neighborhood of corner bodegas, churches, shops and redbrick tenements whose ordinary rhythms were shattered when the Wednesday morning blast killed at least eight and injured dozens more. The eighth body was recovered Thursday evening, a spokesperson with the New York City Fire Department said.
Among the victims was Carmen Tanco, a 67-year-old dental hygienist who relatives tried desperately to reach by cellphone.
"She's sassy, spicy, which is why them and I are so close," their niece, Marisela Frias, 44, said before learning their aunt had died. "We have the same temperament, character. We tell it like it is, tell you the truth, whether you want to hear it or not. What you see is what you get."
Another victim, Griselde Camacho, 44, was a public safety officer at the Hunter College Silberman School of Social Work in East Harlem, the school's website said.
"Griselde was a well-liked member of our community, a respected officer and a welcoming presence at our Silberman building," said Jennifer J. Raab, the college president. "Our deepest sympathies go out to their family, and we are committed to doing everything we can to support them in their time of great emotional need. We also know this is a difficult time for all those who knew and worked with Sergeant Camacho. All of you will be in our thoughts in the days ahead."
JUST WATCHED New sinkhole hinders explosion recovery Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH New sinkhole hinders explosion recovery 02:18
JUST WATCHED Witness: Big explosion woke me up Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Witness: Big explosion woke me up 02:06
Map: Explosion in Harlem
Camacho and Tanco were remembered by Carlton Brown, bishop of Bethel Gospel Assembly, on the church's Facebook page.
"Our hearts are heavy as we will truly miss these two beautiful women," Brown wrote. "Many of us share fond memories on how they have blessed our lives with their warm smiles and caring natures. They were both faithful volunteers..."
Rosaura Hernandez, 21, who also perished in the explosion, was a line cook at Triomphe Restaurant, general manager Robert Holmes said.
"We liked their enthusiasm and raw talent," Holmes said. "It's a terrible loss. My staff has taken it hard... They were solid as a rock, never got flustered. They were calm, even-tempered. One of our line cooks was quite close with them When they heard they were missing, they said, 'Can I go find Rosie? I gotta look for her.' I said, of course. It's a terrible tragedy. "
Though authorities have said a gas leak may have triggered the explosion, Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters Thursday that the official cause was under investigation.
"We know there was an explosion," they said, "but we don't know everything about the lead-up to it."
The other fatalities were Andreas Panagopoulos, 43; George Ameado, 44; Rosaura Barrios, 44; and Alexis Salas, 22.
One fatal victim remains unidentified.
On Wednesday, one woman tried in vain to find their husband, Jordy Salas, who may have been on the second floor of one of the collapsed buildings. They fainted and was taken to a hospital.
Desperate search for survivors
Near 116th Street and Park Avenue, once the heart of New York's large Puerto Rican community, firefighters tore at mounds of bricks in a search for survivors from the collapsed five-story buildings, which housed a piano store and an evangelical church, in addition to apartments.
"We (had) probably about two-and-a-half floors of debris, so we have it now down to about one, one-and-a-half floors," Edward Kilduff, fire chief of department, told de Blasio during a tour of the site. "The victims have primarily been found on the left-center side about 20 feet in."
On Thursday, Con Edison officials said the utility received a call reporting a gas leak around 9:13 a.m. Wednesday from a resident at one of the newer buildings on Park Avenue. The utility dispatched a truck two minutes later, but it arrived after the explosion. The caller reported smelling gas the night before but did not call the utility at the time.
Two gas repairs were made on the block in January 2011 and May 2013 following complaints of a gas odor, Con Ed CEO John McAvoy said. The utility looked back at 10 years of checks and repairs on the gas main on the block and found no "historical condition," they said. In addition, Con Ed checks for leaks in the area on February 10 and February 28 detected no problems.
Fire officials said they received no reports of gas leaks in the area in the last month, while police reported receiving no calls since 2010.
Fire marshals, police arson investigators and the National Transportation Safety Board -- which probes gas explosions -- worked to determine the cause of the explosion.
"In one word, devastating," was how Robert Sumwalt of the NTSB described the scene Thursday afternoon. They called it an "active search and rescue operation."
"You have, basically, two five-story buildings reduced to essentially a three-story pile of bricks and twisted metal."
Sumwalt said the agency was "operating under the assumption that a natural gas leak led to an explosion," but that their team of investigators had not yet examined the crater where the buildings once stood.
De Blasio said 66 people, including 14 families with children, had received temporary shelter.
Some wreckage was still smoldering Thursday, with the fire whipped by the cold wind, de Blasio said.
"Our biggest concern now is the free-standing wall in the back," Kilduff said. "That was a little more solid last night, but it burned overnight."
The massive explosion shook Manhattan's East Harlem section around 9:30 a.m. Wednesday.
Surreal scenes after explosion
Colin Patterson said they were watching TV when a thunderous blast suddenly sent pianos hurling through the air in the shop where they work.
"They flew off the ground," said the piano technician, who also lives in the building in East Harlem. They told CNN affiliate WABC that they crawled through the rubble and managed to escape unharmed.
A building department official said one of the two Park Avenue buildings that collapsed received a city permit last year for the installation of 120 feet of gas piping. The work was completed last June. In 2008, owners of the adjacent building, which also collapsed, were fined for failing to maintain vertical cracks in the rear of the building. The condition was not reported as corrected to the buildings department.
There were a total of 15 units in the two buildings, officials said.
Building department records detailed a litany of violations, dating back decades, for one of the collapsed buildings, including a lack of smoke detectors, blocked fire escapes and faulty light fixtures.
The mayor told reporters that the report of the gas leak, which they said came about 15 minutes before the explosion, was "the only indication of danger."
Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano said responding firefighters barely missed the blast.
"If we were here five minutes earlier we may have had some fatalities among firefighters," they said. "Not being here may have saved some lives."
Once a predominantly Italian neighborhood, the stretch of East Harlem saw a large influx of Puerto Ricans in the 1950s. It went on to be called Spanish Harlem and El Barrio. In the 1990s, many Mexican immigrants began to move into the area, which has been gentrified in recent years, with many mom-and-pop shops replaced by restaurants and bars.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
It turns out that voter fraud is real. A Republican Scott Walker supporter in Wisconsin has been charged with 13 felony counts related to voter fraud.
According to WisPolitics.com:
Robert Monroe, a 50-year-old Shorewood health insurance executive, was charged Friday with 13 felonies related to their voting a dozen times in five elections between 2011 and 2012 using their own name as well as that of their son and their girlfriend's son. … According to those records, Monroe was considered by investigators to be the most prolific multiple voter in memory. They were a supporter of Gov. Scott Walker and state Sen. Alberta Darling, both Republicans, and allegedly cast five ballots in the June 2012 election in which Walker survived a recall challenge. According to the John Doe records, Monroe claimed to have a form of temporary amnesia and did not recall the election day events when confronted by investigators.
Hallelujah!!!! Republicans have found their voter fraud. Unfortunately for them, they are the ones committing it. The Monroe case is even worse, because they voted multiple times in the April 2011 Wisconsin Supreme Court race that required a recount. This isn't the first episode of Republican voter fraud in the state. In 2011, a Republican legislative aide was investigated for voting multiple times.
The greatest irony of all is that the Monroe case exposes why voter ID laws don't do what Republicans claim they do. Since Republicans benefit most from absentee voting, they have refused to address the glaring potential for fraud by absentee ballot. The Republican in Wisconsin was able to commit multiple acts of state and federal voter fraud by using absentee ballots for state elections, and driving across state lines for federal elections.
Republican voter ID laws address none of these issues, and instead focus on suppressing the vote by requiring voters who are more likely to vote for Democrats to show identification. A person is least likely to have identification if they are living in the city, and don't drive. Voter ID laws are being used to suppress the votes of women by making strict rules about acceptable names on the identification.
It turns out that voter fraud is real, and Republicans are guilty of doing it.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
For those of us that aren't based out of a university—and even for many who are—finding research resources that cover the topic you're interested in can be a challenge. But they can be found, and thanks to the internet your search no longer needs to be limited to nearby libraries. In fact, many world-renowned libraries and magazines are now working to digitize important parts of their collection, while a number of online organizations have sprung up with missions to improve access to information. To help you identify some of the most useful, we've put together a list of 18 free websites that offer scholarly articles, publications, photos, videos, and much more.
JSTOR is a must-know, and one that you've probably come across before. JSTOR contains digitized back issues of leading academic journals, current issues of journals, books and primary sources. JSTOR's digital library has a number of excellent architectural publications, and has broad coverage of humanities, sciences, and social sciences.
Well-known for its Case Study House program, Arts & Architecture magazine highlighted the development of single-family dwellings during the Post-war period, with specific focus on the work of Southern California architects like Richard Neutra, Rudolf Schindler, Charles Eames, Frank Lloyd Wright, and John Lautner among others. Published from 1929 until 1967, the website now dedicated to cataloging Arts & Architecture offers digitized versions of selected articles from 1945 onwards, as well as full issues from the magazine's last 11 years.
Created by North Carolina Modernist Homes (NCMH) and Hanley Wood (parent company of ARCHITECT), Colossus focuses on 20th century architectural publications, and especially on designs from the 60s, 70s and 80s. When complete, the digital archive will provide over 1.3 million pages, becoming the largest online reference for modernist architecture.
The hugely influential Archigram group was active from 1961 to 1974, and their work has now been digitized. Students from the University of Westminster created this platform in collaboration with the remaining members of Archigram or their heirs. The database include digital versions of drawings, collages, paintings, photographs, magazines, articles, slides and multi-media material, and original texts by Archigram where available. Given that most of Archigram's work remained unbuilt, its digitization provides a poetic structure to the collective output of the architects involved.
In 2014, Getty Publication launched its virtual library, featuring over 250 titles to read for free online. Works published by Getty Publication complement the work of the J. Paul Getty Museum, the Getty Conservation Institute, and the Getty Research Institute. The library's resources cover architecture, but also art, photography, archaeology, conservation, and the humanities at large. You can also find interesting material on Getty's education portal.
With over 21 million publications, ISSUU is an engaging publishing platform for magazines, catalogs, and newspapers, and has become a go-to platform for small publishers and individuals who want to make their work available online. The digital media company offers both leading and emerging titles, on subjects of culture, arts, lifestyle, and (most importantly) architecture.
Archnet focuses on the built environment and iconic buildings of the Islamic World, and provides a wide range of documentation: images, drawings, publications, seminar proceedings, articles, monographs and architect's archives. This research tool is a must-see for people interested in Islamic Art and Architecture.
You may know the Royal Institute of British Architects for their awards and advocacy for the British architecture industry—but did you know RIBA also has its online image library? RIBApix features over 85,000 digital images issued from the British Architectural Library. From iconic buildings, to street scenes and vernacular architecture, the platform gives photographic evidence from different historical periods. The collection is frequently updated with recently built projects, and covers interior design, landscape, topography, planning, construction and the decorative arts. All images can be downloaded in low resolution for free, and can be purchased to illustrate a publication.
In 2014, the British branch of the famous film and production company Pathé released 85,000 videos on their Youtube channel to watch for free in high resolution. The archive contains films produced from 1910 to 1970, and is incredible in terms of scope, covering notable subjects on architecture and design, such as the construction of the Empire State Building, Frank Lloyd Wright's Johnson Wax Building, Le Corbusier's Couvent de la Tourrette, and Montreal's Expo' 67 and the construction of Buckminster Fuller's geodesic dome.
The Architectural Association's online photo library contains 8,000 images that represent the highlights of the school's broader collection. Slides, negatives and prints of historical and contemporary architecture are available in low resolution for educational purposes, but can also be purchased for commercial use. The AA also offers photographs of its students' work since the 1880s, as well as a video archive for its lectures, conferences, and symposia.
The Courtauld Institute offers online access to some major primary sources and images of its collection. The online database includes 40,000 photographs, cuttings, architectural drawings, and publications, spanning the 19th, 20th and 21st centuries. Although the Courtauld is best-known as an art history institution, its Conway library focuses on architecture and is a valuable resource for researchers and students alike.
Harvard Library's VIA (Visual Information Access) provides descriptive records, architectural drawings, and photographs. All images are available for educational use only.
New York Public Library's photographic archive offers over 180,000 high resolution images that are public domain and not subject to copyright restrictions. These images chronicle New York's street scenes and historical buildings, and include incredible documentation on the design of the Chrysler building, and construction of the Woolworth building. But the library also has panels of photographs from demolished or destroyed buildings across the world, like London's Crystal Palace demolished in 1936.
On ArchInform, you will find complete biographies of architects, and descriptions of the buildings that shaped their career. Buildings under construction, completed buildings, and unbuilt projects, as well as awards received and publications are all listed on the website. Moreover, ArchInform has a very wide database that gives credit to both famous and less well-known architects.
The Society of Architectural Historians offers an architectural encyclopedia for SAH members or those with a subscription to the University of Virginia Press, but their free version includes notable articles on 100 historically-important buildings in each US state.
Run by Ross Wolfe, this blog presents excerpts of primary sources and historical material. Although it is not an archive in the stricter sense, this platform can prove very useful when researching on Modernist Architecture in Germany and Eastern Countries, and on Russian Constructivism.
Run by the Internet Archive—who you may have heard of thanks to "the Wayback Machine" or any number of their other archival missions—this ever-expanding collection of monthly publications and digitized magazine so far features archives of “The Builder,” the UK's oldest and most comprehensive magazine on the building industry that dates back to the 19th century.
The magazine Canadian Architect has shared digital archives of its publications since 2008. Articles report on architectural practices in Canada, review designs across the country, explore newly built projects, and look at the use of new technology in current practices.
My prior coverage of the Prenda Law saga is here.
Yesterday, March 14, as Judge Wright was busy issuing a new Order to Show Cause directing Prenda Law clients and affiliated attorneys to appear before him, Prenda Law was busy too.
More specifically, Prenda Law — through Paul Duffy, one of the lawyers Judge Wright has ordered to appear — was busy dismissing cases and filing a "Notice of Allegations" informing other courts of what is going on. Sort of.
A tipster told me that Mr. Duffy had a busy day yesterday. PACER showed it's true. More specifically, Mr. Duffy filed voluntary dismissals of multiple AF Holdings LLC cases in the Northern District of Illinois — here and here and here (in which they stipulated to dismiss the case with prejudice, meaning it can't be re-filed) and here. In one of those cases they filed the notice of dismissal even though AF Holdings had already secured a default against the defendant, leaving nothing but proving damages. I haven't yet counted all the cases in which Duffy filed dismissals yesterday.
In each of those cases — and in a case in the Northern District of California — Duffy also filed a substantially identical document styled a "Notice of Allegations." Here's what they all say:
Plaintiff hereby notifies the Court of allegations of forgery that were made during a hearing in a matter pending before the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. Ingenuity13 LLC v. John Doe, No. 2:12-cv-08333-OWD-JC (C.D. Cal. Mar. 11, 2013). On March 11, 2013, an individual by the name of Alan Cooper alleged that their signature was forged on two separate agreements assigning the rights of various copyrighted works to Plaintiff, including the assignment at issue in this matter. (See, ECF No. 1-2 at 2.) Plaintiff categorically denies Mr. Cooper's allegations, which arise nearly two years after certain of the alleged conduct occurred. Mr. Cooper has a pecuniary interest in their allegations by virtue of a lawsuit they filed against Plaintiff. Cooper v. Steele, et al., No. 27-CV-13-3463 (Minn. Dist. Ct., Hennepin Cty., 2013). Even if Mr. Cooper's allegations were true—and they are not—Plaintiff's assignments, including the assignment at issue in the instant action, remain valid. The formal requirements of a copyright assignment are “quite simple”: a writing signed by the assignor. 17 U.S.C. § 204; Effects Associates, Inc. v. Cohen, 908 F.2d 555, 557 (9th Cir. 1990) (“The rule is really quite Case: 1:12-cv-03567 Document simple: If the copyright holder agrees to transfer ownership to another party, that party must get the copyright holder to sign a piece of paper saying so. It doesn't have to be the Magna Charta; a one-line pro forma statement will do.”); see also Order, AF Holdings LLC v. Does 1-96, No. 11-cv-3335-JSC (N.D. Cal. Nov. 22, 2011), ECF No. 29 at 5 n.1 (“The written copyright assignment recites that it is between the original copyright owner, Heartbreaker Films, and Plaintiff here, AF Holdings, LLC. . . . As the law requires only that the assignment be signed by the assignor and not the assignee, this inconsistency does not prevent a prima facie showing of copyright ownership.”) (internal citations omitted). Mr. Cooper's allegations relate to the assignee, not the assignor. The assignment at issue in this action satisfies the Copyright Act's formal requirements. It is a writing signed by the assignor. Plaintiff's rights in the copyrighted work in this action were transferred when the assignor executed the assignment.
Plaintiff is treating Mr. Cooper's allegations with utmost seriousness and is investigating their substance. Because Mr. Cooper's allegations relate to the assignment agreement at issue in the instant litigation, Plaintiff respectfully brings the matter to the Court's attention.
Broken down, here's what Duffy is saying: (1) Cooper's claim is untrue, (2) but we're treating the claim seriously and investigating it, (3) but even if it were true, it doesn't matter, because an assignment only needs a valid signature from the person giving the property, not the person receiving the property.
Many things could be said about that argument. Among them: the first two points are oddly at war with each other, particularly when uttered in such proximity. If AF Holdings knows the allegation is not true, then what precisely is AF Holdings carefully investigating? Doesn't AF Holdings already know whether or not Mr. Cooper consented to be an officer for it and executed documents for it? What is there to investigate, exactly?
Duffy's third point is about a doctrine that lawyers — including, for instance, prosecutors and defense lawyers — call materiality. Most civil or criminal laws prohibiting false statements only extend to material false statements — that is, statements that are the sort that could make a difference in the issue at hand. Duffy seems to be previewing Prenda Law's defense by suggesting that even if Cooper's identify was misappropriated and their signature forged on assignments, that false statement was not material because a copyright assignment only needs a valid signature from the guy giving the copyright, not the guy receiving it.
There are a number of problems with that argument. Among them: Judge Wright is not only interested in whether Prenda Law made fraudulent representations about who received the assignments. Judge Wright is investigating — and has ordered Prenda Law to explain — whether Prenda Law made fraudulent representations about the true owners of plaintiff entities like AF Holdings. Whether Alan Cooper is a real officer or not is unquestionably material to that. Judge Wright has specifically ordered them to explain:
2) Why they should not be sanctioned for failing to notify the Court of all parties that have a financial interest in the outcome of litigation; 3) Why they should not be sanctioned for defrauding the Court by misrepresenting the nature and relationship of the individuals and entities in subparagraphs a–m above [of the March 14, 2013 Order];
Prenda Law's apparent theory of materiality may be apt in analyzing whether the copyright assignments are valid. But it may not be apt in determining whether any misstatements were material for purposes of civil or criminal fraud allegations directed at the ownership and management of Prenda Law's clients. For instance, as I've discussed before, for purposes of charging defendants with false statements to the government, materiality is defined very broadly to include the sorts of statements that have the capacity to influence the government, whether or not the government is actually misled.
All that said, aside from questions about the exact language of the "Notice of Allegations," Paul Duffy is very likely doing the right thing legally and ethically by dismissing the cases and informing courts of the allegations against Prenda Law. In doing so they are reducing the risk that they will be accused of continuing any alleged fraud on the court after the March 11, 2013 hearing.
With respect to what has already happened, though — my friends, that die is cast, the Rubicon crossed, the ram has touched the wall.
Last 5 posts by Ken White
Image copyright KCNA/Reuters Image caption Worries about North Korea have trumped animosity towards Japan
South Korea has approved a deal to share intelligence on North Korea directly with Japan.
The two countries previously shared their intelligence via the US, but this was seen as a cumbersome process in the face of potentially urgent threats.
They have had tense relations in recent years and the deal is controversial in South Korea, where anger remains over Japanese atrocities in wartime.
The agreement will take effect after it is signed later this week.
It is designed to take advantage of the two countries' perceived intelligence strengths, which in Japan is high-tech surveillance and in South Korea human intelligence, or spies in North Korea.
Image copyright KCNA/Reuters Image caption Both countries are well within range of North Korea's missiles
There were anti-Japan protests outside the presidential palace in Seoul on Monday night, by people who believe Japan has not properly apologised for its treatment of Koreans between 1910 and 1945, when it occupied the peninsula.
Opposition politicians have also suggested the long-delayed agreement was timed to distract from the scandal threatening the South Korean president, although it had been expected to happen soon.
Pyongyang carried out its fifth nuclear test in September and claims to have made rapid progress in rocket development, though is not yet believed to have a deliverable nuclear bomb.
US President Barack Obama has previously indicated their exasperation at the animosity between South Korea and Japan in the face of North Korea's nuclear programme and an increasingly assertive China, says the BBC's Seoul correspondent Steve Evans.
Make yourself comfortable, grab a coffee and get ready for a pretty awesome story of what Phoebe can allow you to do with a few guys, a bit of skill and a huge pile of stubborn tenacity.
A few weeks ago a small corp called Yarrdy Yarr Yarrr (good name huh?) were mucking about in lowsec and decided to RF a few cadmium moons belonging to Shadow of Death for lolsies and fights. The fights happened and somehow about 12 guys managed to start taking strategic assets from a many thousands strong alliance. Fast forward a week or so and the big alliances are cutting deals with these guys to leave their moons alone.
Many people would have been happy with this and sat back and let the cadmium roll in having secured a nice little income but not these guys.
“Fuck it lads, if we can do it here we can do it anywhere – let's go to null”
Bags were packed, maps randomly pointed at and before you know it a system out in outer passage called R3PO-Z had a POS full of marauding bastards in it and the local renters were feeling the pain. This system had been deadzoned by PL about 18 months ago and was apparently full of trillions of solar fleet assets, solar's enemies, legion of death, now owned the area and their renters shadow of death lived there.
These renters started having a very bad time, Yarr put countless ratting ships to the sword including a pair of 2Bn Rattlesnakes within 10 minutes of each other and were particularly happy about bagging a Nyx which was assigning fighters to a gatecamp (many thanks to Triumvirate for the batphone on that one).
Gradually Yarr started taking valuable moons and every time the renters turned up to defend them, were fought into the ground by about a tenth of their numbers. Then Legion started coming with 50-80 man fleets and got the same treatment. Yarr inflicted solid losses but could not stop these guys reinforcing moons so simply altered the stront for a bad final time for Russian timezones and repped them back up again.
People get tired of having to jump 30 gates each way to be sniped and ambushed by very good pilots and then bash (or rep) a tower. Every time they came stragglers were picked off at gates, links ships were probed and murdered and generally they had a bloody hard time of it, fortunately Russians are a tough and stubborn race too. Yarr were having an absolute blast and their comms has been a great deal of fun over the last few weeks.
Somehow during all of this someone worked out how to use SBU's and the station got hit and went through a few timers, heroic outnumbered fights eight or ten to one kept them going forward and somehow the station fell. Yarr now had a very useful place to repair dozens of knackered mods and drones.
SBUs and TCUs and other things I don't understand were placed, shot, repped and polished and suddenly Yarr were one hour from owning the sov in the system, the TCU was one hour from onlining outside Yarr's deathstar POS when a big fleet was spotted about five jumps out. Luckily said fleet hit drag bubbles on every single gate but got there with about forty minutes to go.
On the legion side there were about a hundred man ishtar and scimi fleet with a bloody Nyx and Aeon facing three stalwart Yarrs in a POS with some bombers and a couple of carriers for hero reps.
The fight kicked off about 15 minutes before downtime and Yarr had some early successes volleying logi with the POS guns but then very quickly had to switch to blapping fighter bombers and drones, it was a race – if Legion could drop the TCU before it onlined then they would prevent Yarr getting sov but if Yarr could hold it up for forty minutes against a pretty enormous shitstorm of damage then they would have taken the system.
By the time downtime arrived the TCU was in low shields and everyone got a break. As soon as the servers came back up again it was game on again, Yarr neuting logi then blapping it then switching to ishtar drones then fighter-bombers. A lot of drones went down and slowly the dps dropped but with about ten minutes to go it was clear that the TCU wasn't going to make it.
“Right, time to yolo in the carriers” one non triage thanny (that a renter kindly ejected out of a few days earlier) went out and started repping the TCU and quickly got the attention of the supercaps so a second triage archon had to go out and rep it. All this bought time for the TCU and somehow reps just about held on the caps, eventually Legion did the right thing and bumped the triaged Archon back into the shields so it could not rep the TCU or thanny.
With the TCU in very low armour, both carriers in flames and with almost melted reppers the TCU came online and with it sov for Yarr. A very pissed off Legion fleet promptly went round the system reinforcing everything they could and then bailed.
Which leads us to last night's epic showdown in R3PO, the station was on it's final timer (yet again) and by now people were noticing what had gone on, especially Solar who would be very keen to get their stuff out of the station.
Local peaked at over 600 as Legion and Solar kicked off, Pizza were there with bombers and I think Tri may have made an appearance too. Legion lost and Yarr still stand tall (for now).
So that is the proper story of Yarr, the alliance Galaxy Rangers (with the tag PESKY) was made on the spot when it was realised you can't take sov without one:) So far this has only been reported on once at evenews and the article was awful, simply two copied quotes from a reddit post – I thought the Yarr blokes deserved a decent writeup.
Advertisements
The Raiders made offensive tackle Robert Gallery the number two overall pick in the 2004 draft when the 6'7" 323 lb offensive tackle followed up a stellar college career with an equally stellar combine. Most impressive was their sub five second forty-yard dash.
Center Samson Satele wasn't drafted by the Raiders but they acquired them for their athletic abilities. In the 2007 combine, they had a combine best among offensive linemen in the 20 yard shuttle (4.29) and was third in the 3 cone drills.
The 2010 combine was all about 6-foot-6, 314 pound offensive tackle, Bruce Campbell. The freakish athlete was a top performer in nearly every category. They had the top 40-yard dash time among offensive linemen with the best of 4.75, which is nearly unheard of. Their other numbers include a 7.58 three-cone, 4.69 short shuttle and 34 reps on the bench press. The Raiders chose them in the fourth round though a lot of people thought they would go after them in the first or second. Dodged a bullet there.
What no one was talking about, however, was the Raiders offensive tackle pick the round prior in the same year. Jared Veldheer, bested them in nearly every category outside of the 40-yard dash. Veldheer had a better Vertical jump (33.5), Broad Jump (9'1"), 3 cone (OL combine best 7.40), and 20 yard shuttles (OL combine best 4.51). Now who's the freak?
Outside of position drills, how important do you think these drills are in measuring a prospective NFL player?
To put it simply, “PUG” stands for “Pick up group” in the online gaming world. Its use and definition can transcend grammatical boundaries.
“He was a dumb pug!”
“We're going to have to pug the healer”
“I'm so sick of pugging!”
“Putting together a pug run.”
I am a pug, they pugs, together we are pugging. But noun, adverb or verb, “Pug” typically has a negative connotation.
I will focus on the PvE aspect of pugging. To me, griping about bad attitudes in a PvP setting seems unfair, in a way. It's a competitive aspect of gameplay that focuses on being better than other players. So, I think most of the time those comments tend to be warranted if not needed. Up to a point, anyway.
With Star Wars: The Old Republic's release of Game Update 1.3: “Allies” on 26 June 2012, the pug has become a way of life for players. Long gone are the days of spamming general chat to an empty fleet; in its place was the instant gratification (if you're a tank) of the group finder queue popping. With so many different people congregating in concentrated areas of gameplay, there are bound to be a few bumps. Obviously the Group Finder does not limit your choices only to instanced Flashpoints; it also allows players to queue for story mode operations. For most of us, a story mode operation can be run nearly instinctively and flawlessly. Karagga's Palace in story mode is akin to the function of an involuntary system within the body. However, to a newcomer, it can be vastly overwhelming, intimidating, fast paced and unforgiving. This clash of experience and inexperience has caused for some great disturbances in the Force. Some I have witnessed, and though it pains me to say, some I have been a part of.
I am lucky enough to be part of a guild that can usually fill the role quota for a random operation or Flashpoint. However, sometimes you need that last spot. So you throw your names into the magical Group Finder hat, and voila, your needed role is filled. You have 7 people in our preferred voice chat application, and each of the 7 have great experience with the content.
So enters the marauder with 15,000 hp in Recruit gear.
The trash is pulled instantly before an introduction is given. CCs go unmarked. The Gammoreans stand no chance at the hands of over-geared Assassins and Dread Guard-ed Snipers. Enthralled by excitement and overwhelmed by the need to smash, the Marauder jumps into the battle! They Force Leaps straight to the CC-ed target.
Naturally, since the group is so overpowered for the content, it is of no real consequence. However, it begins to irk the perfectionist(s) and the groaning begins. Of course, rather than marking the targets that will be CC'd in the future, we'll just talk about how much of an idiot this Marauder is in guild chat. Why would we want to try and help a new player? That doesn't make sense. They should just KNOW how to do these things, because we know how to do them!
Let us fast forward to Karagga's Palace's very own Foreman Crusher.
3 wipes later.
6 broken CCs later.
12 passive aggressive elitist comments later.
1 purple smoke death later.
Most of us enter. All of us hugging the wall to the right side, and grouping in a far corner until the tank leads us into the familiar battle.
The Marauder has other ideas.
Before the rest of the operations group can enter, the Marauder puts themselves within close proximity to Foreman Crusher, thus beginning the fight. Meanwhile, 3 members of the group are locked out of the arena, stuck on the other side of the force field.
The nerd rage becomes overwhelming, boiling itself to the point where it finally becomes aggressive. Finally, what everyone has wanted since the first broken CC comes to fruition.
“Kick this noob.”
After some more discussion, it's agreed that this has happened to most of us before and that the Marauder will receive one more chance to redeem them or herself. They or they are told not to do anything until WE say so. No explanation of the fight is given, however.
The phase shifts, the Marauder stands directly in front of Foreman Crusher when they do their frenzy—he dies. Healers refuse to use their battle rez on him. The fight is won with the Marauder's corpse observing from the floor for 75% of the battle. The player is kicked from the group without an explanation or any advice. The operation is finished as a 7-man team.
Marauder—if you're out there somewhere, I am truly sorry. This whole experience has bothered me for a long time. Though I wasn't the driving force behind the negativity, I sat idly by when I could've stopped it and helped you become familiar with the procedure. I was tired, cranky, and in a frenzied state to collect as many black hole commendations as quickly as possible.
I consider myself to be a very patient person. I do not groan when I encounter new players, or players that don't seem to have their chops down yet. Instead, I try to take the time to teach these players. It's hard to remember that we were all new to SW:TOR at one point. To YOU, the tank that quits the group that keeps wiping at the end of Hammer Station, I say to you: Who do you think you're fooling? At level 17, that instance can be as unforgiving as Kephess in Hard Mode Explosive Conflict. To you the DPS that quits after 2 wipes of The Foundry during the HK fight I say: What are you trying to prove?
I don't know why these attitudes get formed, or why they must be steeped in negativity. I can't imagine it making someone feel better to pick on a player because they or they are F2P, or doesn't know the mechanics of a boss fight. For those of us that subscribe, we can all agree that we enjoy this game. There is such an influx of new players with the launch of F2P, shouldn't it be our responsibility to encourage these new comers to continue playing the game? One of the main reasons I have stuck it out with SW:TOR is the community. It's generally friendlier than other gaming communities I have encountered in the past.
Pugs can be like children. They aren't unintelligent; they just have no prior experience to base their forthcoming actions on. Do you call a child a noob for putting their finger in an electrical socket? You say “NO” “Don't do that!” and explain why it must never be done.
The computer network of Pinehurst-based FirstHealth of the Carolinas was shut down by a new form of WannaCry last week.
The health system detected the virus on Tuesday afternoon, and the organization took its system offline while it attempted to remove the malware from its system, according to FirstHealth's alert. FirstHealth's staff initiated its downtime procedures at that time.
[Also: WannaCry victim NHS Lanarkshire hit by new ransomware strain]
The site has not yet been updated with its current status, but officials said it will remain offline out of an abundance of caution to make sure all devices and its system are clear of the threat.
The organization developed an antivirus patch specifically for the WannaCry virus, which it's implementing across the entire network. FirstHealth will provide the tool for other healthcare organizations to use.
[Also: The biggest healthcare breaches of 2017 (so far)]
“As a result of the quick response by the information system security team, the virus did not reach any patient information, operational information or databases,” officials said. “Patient information has not been compromised. At this time, it appears that no damage has occurred to the network or devices.
“We are experiencing some delays and appointment cancellations as a result of the downtime event,” officials continued. “This does not apply to critical and emergent needs. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this has caused.”
WannaCry first struck in May, devastating organizations around the globe, including the UK's National Health Service. The ransomware strain was part of April's massive NSA leak from the cybercriminal group the Shadow Brokers.
Although a kill switch was found for the virus a day later, it merely slowed down the attack. Overall, 300,000 users from 150 countries fell victim to the virus.
Twitter: @JessieFDavis
Email the writer: jessica.davis@himssmedia.com
Radio talk show host Mark Levin reacts to Donald Trump's performance at Saturday night's Republican debate where the Republican frontrunner argued President George W. Bush did not keep the country safe because 9/11 happened under their watch.
MARK LEVIN: I watched that debate Saturday night. It was a disgrace. It was a disgrace. First of all, because that bum who is the chairperson of the RNC -- I've been calling for their resignation since whenever -- packed that audience with their fat-cat donors and hangers-on and consultants and all the rest. There were times I couldn't even hear Ted Cruz's answer or Donald Trump's answer because they were being booed. Have you ever heard or seen that before? That's your 'Rinse' Priebus. That's your 'Rinse' Priebus...
The debate. Let me tell you something about this debate. The fact that Donald Trump attacked George W. Bush, not because of their liberal domestic policies, not because they expanded Medicare, not because they were weak on the First Amendment. Not because of those things. Expanded Medicare, increased the debt, was for comprehensive immigration reform.
But the fact that they attacked George Bush as a commander-in-chief. Not because they disagreed with him. They attacked them as a liar who knew there were not weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and said they were responsible for 9/11 and they were responsible for those towers coming down. Ladies and gentlemen, that's why I posted on my Facebook this guy sounds like Code Pink...
They sound like a radical kook. All the rest aside. All of it aside. I know too many Gold Star families who lost sons over there to hear this 9/11 truther crap, which is pretty close to it. Pretty damn close to it. If George Bush went to war in Iraq and was lying about weapons of mass destruction there could not be a worse thing a president of the United States could do, or human being for that matter. And there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. And they were not responsible for 9/11...
To have the leading Republican nominee for president of the United States to make these statements, and he's been praised by Code Pink. They should be praised by Code Pink and every kook organization out there and every left-wing kook organization that hates America. To have them praised for what they said? Terrible. Absolutely terrible. You and I've lived through this. You and I have lived through this. This isn't distant history.
For all the talk, 'Well, Ronald Reagan changed their mind.' Ronald Reagan would have never said what Donald Trump said. Never, ever. That's a disgrace. And not only that, Mr. Trump, it's a lie. You like to throw that word around? 'Cruz is a liar, and Carson is...' You're a liar! Bush did not lie about weapons of mass destruction in order to get us into that war. And they are not responsible for 9/11, or those towers coming down. You've crossed the line one too many.
And to those headbangers who want to ignore it, that's up to them. But the rest of heard it. We watched it. My jaw hit the floor. What the hell was this? Am I watching the Democratic debate? It sounds like Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton. It sounds like every kook conspiracy theorist out there and they said it. And doubles down.
Companies like Tech Mahindra and Cognizant have 'asked' some of their employees to resign. Some employees claim that they were escorted out by their managers and HR.
As per media reports, these companies are "preparing to shed jobs en masse. “What we're seeing is an acceleration in shedding for jobs in India and an adding of jobs onshore,” said Sandra Notardonato, an analyst and research vice president for Gartner, a research and advisory company.
Sills and re-training seems to be a recurring theme. “Even if these companies don't have huge net losses, there's a person who will suffer, and that's a person with a limited skill set in India.” However neither the article nor the employers seem to have a way forward on re-training and re-skilling.
It is unclear who is responsible for re-skilling. “It is not something that only the employee is responsible,” Mr. Choudhari said of upgrading their skills. Employers, they said, “are also responsible.”
A 2015 study released by the National Association of Software and Services Companies, the Indian technology industry trade group known as Nasscom, and McKinsey India found that 50 to 70 percent of workers' skills would be irrelevant by 2020.
The Indian government has rushed to reassure the public that job losses will be minimal. Ravi Shankar Prasad, the Indian minister who oversees the technology industry, recently denied that major layoffs were occurring even as they encouraged the industry to speed up development.
Read rest of the article.
On Monday, twelve days after being wounded in a close-range assault, Luiz Quizhpe was back attending to the store they and their wife Aida have run for 28 years.
On April 10th, while defending their store with a baseball bat, Luis was shot in the leg, and had to spend time in the hospital. How much time? Less than one day. Then they left. They walked out.
"When I left, I walked... very slowly."
During their recovery their wife Aida encouraged them to rest, but they insisted "No, no, I have to get up, then I'll get better." He's received cards and calls from family, friends, and complete strangers.
The damage was done to both store and storeowner, and both have spent the last few days recovering.
In the tumult of the incident, swinging bats and tumbling bodies destroyed a good portion the store. Because of the extent of the damage it wasn't until Monday, twelve days after the incident, that both were ready to reopen. The store looks almost as it did before.
Prior to their attempted robbery, the attackers cased the location, however they failed to realize that the entrance unlocks by buzzer from the inside, one has to be "let out." So the man who fired at Luis, having already endured one barrage of swings, was forced to come back for more, because the buzzer was behind the counter.
"Come in my mind I grab the wood [his bat] and I hit them on the head, but they don't go down. They must have got real hurt. Because I hit them as hard as I can, and I'm thinking to myself, 'Is there any way that I can hit them harder? But no, how can I hit them any harder than this.' They must have hurt real bad after that."
Once the attacker fled, Luis didn't realize immediately that they had been wounded.
"I feel my pants are wet and I think... oh boy, it's peepee. I take a look around my floor and I see. Oh shit. It's my blood. I decide then that I need the police. And I call them and tell them they should come and hang up. Then I realize, oh, wait, I didn't tell them where I am. So I call them again, and tell them where I am and hang up. Then I realized, oh wait, I should call an ambulance too."
With their two attackers both in custody, Luis is reassured. They say that even if they were free they wouldn't be afraid, but he's glad they're where they belong. "I'm so proud that the police worked so hard, and already they got them. They are behind bars. Now no one else will get hurt."
When Luis thinks of what allowed them to survive being in the line of ten bullets fired at point blank, they shrug. Maybe, they wondered, it was that they take Riovida, a health-enchancement supplement they sell at the store.
Or they supposed, "Maybe I am faster than bullets?"
And when you see how only about three feet separated Luis and their attacker, who reached over the glass to fire at him, it seems not implausible.
However the word Luis is most likely to use is "miracle."
They were ready to surrender to God.
"I was thinking, if you want to take me, I am yours."
But they note, somehow they aren't taken, and this they attribute that to theirs having more work to do. They reflect that maybe it's because they are helping people too.  They are a director at Children of the Pure Heart, a non-for-profit that helps abandoned orphans in Ecuador, and then there's their family.
Luis doesn't claim to know the purpose for which they survive, but knows there is one.
 They are not afraid of anyone else trying to do the same thing. They say their neighborhood, Logan Square, is safe. They note the attackers were from another neighborhood, where it's poorer and they don't have the money.
Because things were so normal at Quizhpe's, there was a little way of telling that just a few days ago, things had come so close.
There were bullet marks indicating the struggle, but they had been covered covered up. Aside from Luis' new cane and the mail that had piled up, things are like they've been any day the last 28 years.
Customers walked in, they took from the crackers and cranberry juice that were set out, found what they wanted, and they were rung up. As Luis was talked with them their grandchildren, coming back from school, peeped in from a back door and asked, "Que pasa Papita?" And shyly closed back the door. A teenage customer's cellphone went off from inside their backpack, their tone was set to meowing.
"Your cat is ringing," Aida said.
- Luis and Aida's store, Quizhpe's Gift's+Sports is located at 2242 N. Western Ave. They sell jerseys, flags, colorful trinkets, and Riovida.
Below is the video of Luis' attack.
Type your email address in the box and click the "create subscription" button. You can opt out at any time.
The Backstreet Boys shouted out Jose Altuve and wished them good luck in the World Series
Jose Altuve / Instagram
It is the midst of all the World Series madness, we've seen many celebrities coming out to watch the baseball goodness October brings. Still, a recent shout-out from a famous boyband to Jose Altuve may top the charts.
Yes, the teen heartthrobs and '90s boyband sensation Backstreet Boys have made it apparent, Altuve has their American League MVP Award vote. The band recently wished them and the Astros good luck throughout the remainder of the series.
Thanks for the support @backstreetboys ... Let's make it happen 🎤 🙌 My Favorites #worldseries A post shared by Jose Altuve (@josealtuve27) on Oct 31, 2017 at 1:26pm PDT
"Go Astros, God bless you, and hey -- I thought I would bring my friends," Brian Littrell said as they pointed to the group.
What an honor. And it's OK to fangirl a little bit over this video, we wouldn't blame you for a minute.
Jessica Kleinschmidt is an associate editorial producer for Cut4 (oh that sounds fancy). They have covered baseball for half a decade.
GETTY/ PA Jeremy Corbyn's son was handed a top job working for shadow chancellor John McDonnell
In a brazen display of jobs for the boys, Seb Corbyn was given the plum role of chief of staff to Mr McDonnell where they are thought to earn up to £48,000 a year, paid for from the public purse. Seb, a graduate of politics, political economy and international studies at ultra-elite Cambridge University, initially worked for their dad during Corbyn senior's leadership campaign in September 2015.
Seb Corbyn was promoted to the shadow chancellor's chief of staff after helping their dad become leader
In February 2016, Seb was described as a “dedicated revolutionary” with one friend saying “Seb is very much their father's son.” Seven months later the New Statesmen branded Seb a “bag-carrier and all-purpose aide” for the leadership election. Labour insiders said at the time Mr McDonnell, who is one of Jeremy Corbyn's closest political allies, was keen for Seb to take a role in their back office because of the “name recognition thing”.
GETTY Seb Corbyn, pictured with their boss John McDonnell, was promoted in September 2015
PA Seb Corbyn is thought to earn up to £48,000 a year
According to the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority, senior parliamentary assistant's in London earn between £33,000 and £48,913 a year. But the 25-year-old's position is at odds with Mr Corbyn's pre-election promise to tackle discrimination in the workplace. In May, Mr Corbyn said a Labour government would look at introducing ‘name-blind' recruitment. Under the plans employers could be barred from seeing the names of candidates as part of a drive to cut unemployment among black, Asian and other ethnic minority communities.
GETTY John McDonnell is considered one of Jeremy Corbyn's closest political allies
Labour's “race and faith manifesto” promised: “A Labour government will launch an inquiry into recruitment discrimination and consider initiatives to tackle ethnic bias, including exploring the practicalities in rolling out name-blind recruitment practices if necessary.” Seb is the second of three sons Mr Corbyn had with second wife Claudia Bracchitta and received media attention after their Tinder dating profile was revealed with a picture of them posing with actor Judi Dench. In the run-up to the June election Labour was forced to deny Seb would run for Parliament after they were rumoured to considering standing in an ultra-safe Liverpool seat.
A spokesperson for Mr Corbyn said it was “categorically untrue” that Seb was poised to try to follow their father. But Seb is already looking to the next election, using their Facebook page to criticise the Prime Minister and call for a Labour government. In a post on June 28, they wrote: “I look forward to getting rid of the self serving Tory elite running our country at the next election and to Labour giving public sector workers the pay rise they deserve.”
MSNBC secured an exclusive interview with the man behind one of the election season's most viral fake news stories about an FBI agent supposedly involved in a murder/suicide plot surrounding a Clinton Foundation investigation. Not only did Jestin Coler divulge that publishing anti-Hillary Clinton stories was “addictive” and made them a lot of money, but they also admitted that they voted for them
The 40-year-old Coler explained to MSNBC's Jaco Soboroff how they and their friends produced the viral media from their home in Huntington Beach, California. They made the sites look like “real news” outlets like The Huffington Post so it would appear authentic. And then they would sit back and watch their stories reach millions in page views which translated to cold, hard cash.
“We did a series of stories on Ebola, where several residents in a small town in Texas had contracted Ebola,” Coler said. “We probably got about six million page views.”
“That's huge,” Soboroff said. “You must get a kick out of that.”
“It's very addictive,” Coler affirmed.
The money didn't last, however. Google closed all accounts associated with the fake websites and Coler says he's out of the fake news biz. They estimated that they received $8,000 for the FBI agent story alone. If they were to do it all over again, Coler said they would “take back” this particular entry, probably because they voted for Clinton.
But Coler got a quick jab on the media, chastising them for not doing their jobs:
“It's kind of disappointing that it took President Trump for actual news outlets to focus on this phenomenon.”
Yet, even as the mainstream media foams at the mouth to pick and choose who gets categorized as “fake news,” i.e. conservative outlets for sure, MSNBC is still employing Brian Williams — the king of fake news — who introduced this segment. That's a real full-circle moment right there.
Ah, the Cuban sandwich ... the succulent pig meats fused with melted Swiss, sharp pickles, yellow mustard and crunchy bread on a hot press. So delectable, so beloved, so redolent of its home in ... Tampa?
Sorry, Miami, it's true: That sister burg at the other end of the Tamiami Trail is laying claim to the sandwich that Cuban exiles made famous.
On Thursday, Tampa's city council will vote to adopt what it calls the "Historic Tampa Cuban sandwich'' as the town's "signature sandwich.'' The resolution, the product of efforts to promote the culture and history of Tampa, is based on research that concludes that what is known today as the Cuban sandwich originated in the Cigar City, so known because of the Cuban cigar makers whose arrival there in the 19th Century predates the very existence of Miami.
The Tampa resolution lays out in detail, down to the number of dill pickles (three), the recipe for such an authentic Cuban sandwich, which of course includes real Cuban bread, roasted marinated pork, ham .... and Genoa salami.
Salami? For real?
Indeed.
For as long as anyone in Tampa can remember, the town's Cuban sandwich makers have slipped a slice of salami or mortadella in between the pork and the cheese, reflecting the influence, researchers say, of the Italian immigrants who joined the Cubans in Tampa's Ybor City at the turn of the last century.
Which draws a chuckle from Miami Mayor (and Cuban exile) Tomas Regalado who, like many in Miami, had never heard of a Cuban sandwich with salami.
"Oh. Wow,'' Regalado said. "Tampa certainly has a tradition, but salami is for pizza.''
What is certain is that the Tampa resolution has landed, among those Miamians who take such matters very seriously, like a shot across the bow of exile pride, rekindling an old debate about the cloudy origins of the sandwiche cubano and — por supuesto — who makes the best one.
Or whether it's even possible to get a good cubano anymore, in either city, as sandwich makers increasingly resort to cheap ingredients liked boiled ham instead of glazed, and processed pork in place of slow-roasted, mojo-steeped pierna, or bastardizations for the American palate like lettuce, tomato and mayo, as in the version sold in some places in Key West and Tampa.
Virtually everyone agrees that it's hard to find one in Cuba, where pork and good ham are too expensive or hard to come by, outside a few tourist spots in Havana. And while exiles in Miami say the sandwich, or some version of it, was a pre-Revolution staple of cafeterias and bodegas in Havana, it's unclear whether it was ever common outside the capital.
"I have been to Cuba, I have been to Miami, and neither of those places serve a good Cuban sandwich,'' Tampa artist David Audet, whose research into the history of the cubano was used in drafting the city's official-sandwich resolution, was quoted as saying in the The Tampa Bay Times.
Now those are fighting words.
Only half in jest, Mayor Regalado challenged Tampa to a sandwich smack down. As it happens, the Latino Times publication is organizing a Cuban sandwich festival in Tampa on May 26 at which sponsors will revive the city's dormant tradition of Cuban-sandwich competitions.
Organizer and Tampa native Victor Padilla said they welcome contestants from Miami. They acknowledge both the Miami and Tampa varieties as valid, so long as basic ingredients are respected. Their own favorite is the way their Cuban abuelita used to make it — with the salami and both mustard and mayo, and buttered and pressed.
"Everyone has the different taste that they like, but all in all it's the quality of the ingredients that matters,'' they said.
Yet even in Padilla's formulation there is many aficionados debate beyond the salami: The mayo, for sure, the mustard — some favor it, some, like Regalado, don't — even the pressing, which some say is not historically authentic. On that last point, the Tampa council's recipe abstains.
"Whether they press it or toast it, that's micromanaging,'' said Tampa council member Yvonne Yolie Capin.
But that Tampa's cubano long precedes Miami's, Capin has no doubt. They cite research conducted by a city task force, which concluded that Cuban cigar makers adapted the old mixto sandwich — mixed meats slapped between loaves of bread for lunch break — from their native island, using what they found at hand in Tampa.
"This is an oral history, and like all oral histories you say, 'It is likely this happened this way,' " said Capin, whose great-grandfather was Cuban. "We're not saying it's the best-tasting. We're saying we've been serving it for over 100 years. And it is very much a Tampa creation.''
In other words, the Cuban sandwich may have originated in Cuba but was perfected in Tampa, contends University of South Florida research librarian Andrew Huse, author of a history of the city's most celebrated Spanish-Cuban restaurant, the Columbia, which opened in 1905. Huse, a self-confessed Cuban food fanatic, said he's found mention of a Cuban sandwich on Tampa menus dating back to the early 20th Century, including versions with turkey and tomato, but it settled into its accepted shape by World War II.
Nice theory, some in Miami say. But it doesn't explain why the sandwich — sans salami — was served in popular Havana cafeterias like El Siglo XX and El OK and numerous corner bodegas, though of course it wasn't called a Cuban sandwich in Cuba.
"You would call out, give me a sandwich, and the lonchero would know what you meant,'' said Max Lesnick, an anti-Batista student leader in Havana in the 1950s who can still recall where the best ones were served, who the sandwich makers were, and the basic recipe: Cuban pan de agua (made without lard), home-roasted pork, Virginia ham, Swiss, pickles and mustard, not pressed. The price was 40 cents.
At one bodega, a sandwich maker known as Paco drew a following of student agitators, including themselves and Fidel Castro, said Lesnick, who for a time around 1956 ran a chain of six Havana stands serving another staple sandwich, the frita. It was Paco who, while still in Havana, provided the sandwich recipe to an early exile Lesnick recalls only as Badia, who began serving them at a lunch counter on Flagler Street around 1961 or 1962 in what later became known as Little Havana, they said.
But another Cuban-American in Miami says their late father served the first Cuban sandwich in Miami in 1947 — and he's got some proof. Frank Garces says their dad, also Frank Garces, bought a bar named the Do Drop Inn in Miami after arriving from New York and began serving Cuban sandwiches along with hot dogs. A year later, they took over the Knife and Fork, a lunch counter in Allapattah.
The sandwich proved so popular with Cuban garment workers from the area that Garces Sr. put a sign atop the diner proclaiming it "The Home of the Cuban Sandwich.'' Garces has date-stamped photos of the Knife and Fork from 1950 and 1954 showing the signs advertising the Cuban sandwich.
Garces says they believe their father learned to make the sandwich while working at various jobs in Havana in the 1920s. It had mustard and no salami, the same version they enjoyed during summer trips to the city, Garces said.
"Dad became famous with the Cuban sandwich,'' Garces said. "I would have to say they called it the Cuban sandwich.''
But there's one thing some Cuban sandwich lovers in both Miami and Tampa can agree on: They don't make 'em like they used to.
"If you find a good, even edible, traditional Cuban sandwich in Miami, please tell me,'' Enrique Fernandez, a Cuban-born Miami writer raised in Tampa who contributes a food column to the Miami Herald, said in an email. "For that matter, I don't know where the good ones are in Tampa these days."
Where the best ones may perhaps still be found, they said, is in San Juan, Puerto Rico, where Spanish-Cuban bakers and cooks and their children opened bakeries and cafeteria-style delis after the 1959 Revolution, serving sandwiches with quality meats and cheese.
An informal Herald staff sampling of $5 to $6 Cuban sandwiches from popular Miami spots with good reps found all of them wanting in at least one respect, be it tasteless ham, stringy or insufficient pork, or gloppy cheese.
There was one exception: The $7.50 Cuban sandwich at Jimmy'Z Kitchen, a Wynwood restaurant known for ungussied-up renditions of classic Caribbean dishes made with top ingredients.
Owner Jimmy Carey, whose mother is Cuban, grew up in San Juan eating cubanos at those Spanish-Cuban bakeries. When they came to Miami to work as a chef in high-end kitchens, they couldn't find the flavorful Cuban sandwiches they recalled. So when they opened their own place on South Beach six years ago, they began making their own in the traditional, painstaking way: slowly roasting their own pork, slathered in mojo, a garlic and citrus marinade, and adding a high-grade pit ham and ballpark mustard.
The only place they depart from the traditional is the bread. Carey uses an Italian paneba bread whose crunchy crust and soft inside they say presses well and stands in admirably for Cuban bread.
But, in the end, whether Tampa or Miami came up with the sandwich recognized the world over, librarian Huse said, "is all conjecture.''
"It could be Miami came across the sandwich itself independently of Tampa,'' they said. "At some point, we have to acknowledge that both cities share a heritage.''
Table of contents
Huh? What's this?
The list
(HTML version
(HTML version (HTML version here (HTML version here
Stray observations and musings
As expected, SC2 streamers got a nice boost from the launch of the LotV beta. It's the first time in ages that we've gotten a peak viewership of >10000 for a SC2 player stream. Huzzah.
It's been a while since we had a streamer making it to the very top of both lists. Congratulations, Destiny !
! And congrats to Rotterdam for getting #2 on the viewerhours category despite barely streaming any LotV at all.
for getting #2 on the viewerhours category despite barely streaming any LotV at all. For what it's worth, Winter had an average of 1417 viewers last month, streaming 197.75 hours. That would have put them at the #8 spot in the viewers category, and the #1 spot in the viewerhours category.
Notable streamers who made it to last month's list, but did not make it this month or who did not stream at all: Soulkey, Byun, Hero, Violet.
If you find any mistakes or errors in the lists, please do let me know, especially concerning team changes or players that you are absolutely sure should be on the lists, but are not.
The big picture
(The actual numbers are not important, it's the ratio between month that's important.)
WCS/GSL
Proleague
Older entries
+ Show
+
Welcome this month's top 50 streamers list.: Now slightly more accurate. I accidentally excluded the LotV Launch Event from the two lists. Thanks to Incontrol for letting me know of the wrong numbers!For those of you who don't already know what this is about: I'm gathering various data (viewers, game, events, etc.) from all the streams that are presented on teamliquid.net (those that you can in the sidebar to your right) and use that data to produce the pretty tables and graphs you see below. The tables only contain SC2 players (that is, streams of people playing games of Starcraft 2) andcasters, teams or other streams. The tables also only contain Starcraft 2 related activities. So, for instance when CatZ is streaming Dota2, it will not be taken into account.The data I gather is then turned into the tables you see below. One is sorted by the average viewers, the other is sorted by the average viewers times the hours streamed. The latter table favors those that stream a lot, while the former table favors popular streamers regardless of how much they stream. Either ranking has its advantages and disadvantages, and thus I present both.For either table, I have a minimum required stream time of 5 hours to be included in the list.Due to space limitations, I have to shorten the headers and leave some data out of the tables presented here. You can get the full tables from the links below.The headers aren't as clear as I'd like them to be thanks to this, so here's a quick explanation, just in case: "Viewers" denotes the average viewers in the given month. "Hours" are the hours played. "Place diff" and "Viewer diff" are the place and viewer differences compared to last month.Also, the HTML version linked beneath the images has some more information that I had to leave out due to space limitation, most notably the featured status of the players.Now, Without further ado, here's this month's tables:Note that these arestreams only.A rise in viewership is probably no surprise to anyone. The rise isn't that significant, though. Then again, if you look back to the HotS beta, you see that there wasn't a rise in viewership at all back then. In fact, the following months viewership actually declined, due to fewer players playing the beta (They still have to be the best at the current game, after all). Viewership exploded once the game actually came out, though. We shall see if the same pattern will happen this time around.WCS is doing pretty well, guessing from the WCS Season 1 Playoffs numbers. An average of close to 55000 viewers isn't bad at all.Proleague is steady as always. I'm not sure what's with the low numbers for the two matches, I assume that's more of a glitch/error on my side than anything. Normally, the second match of the night has more viewers, not significantly less.That's all for this month. Hope you guys enjoyed, as always. Any kind of feedback is always welcome!
I've been threatening to run my BBSHD though my 65 Amp 18FET Lyen controller to anyone who would listen since I got it 3 months ago. I finally got around to smoking it, and as I wagered, the primary nylon gear was the first thing to go. Actually, it wasn't the first thing to go, the granny gear on my cassette was. In case you just got off the bus, the BBSHD 1000W maxes out at 30Amps, but it is totally overbuilt for that wimpy power level.
I spent about 2 hours pulling off the old controller, cutting the wires to the hall sensor and mounting the Lyen controller. I worked very carefully because I wanted to make sure everything was done just right for the BBSHD's execution. It was a little tricky because the cords are pretty short and I had to mount the controller on the underside of the downtube.
As I tested the bike with the rear wheel in the air all seemed fine and it only pulled 1 amp. I didn't see much of a problem so I put the bike together and went out onto the front lawn. From a stand still I very carefully touched the throttle and I heard a very loud noise as my expensive 42T granny gear on my new Sunrace cassette completely broke apart into pieces. I carefully dislodged the chain from the wreckage and then adjusted my derailleur so it wouldn't go into that gear and then took off again, this time in a higher gear, while the bike was already moving, just to be safe. I didn't want to stop when I was off to such a great start.
The power and acceleration were really exhilarating, it was even more fun than on the 3000W Cyclone kit, but I knew it wasn't going to last. The drive unit had not even heated up yet so I did a speed run down the road and the BBSHD easily hit 35mph, GPS verified. The top speed was not really that exciting, but the wheelie popping constant power through the entire power zone was pretty exciting. The power felt like it just kept coming. I went about 1/4 mile then turned around to test the speed in the opposite direction. The drive easily got to 35mph for about a minute and then the nylon gear self-destructed and started grinding, then it pretty much stopped engaging at all and the motor just spun freely. I pedalled home in defeat.
I had been waiting for Luna to stock the nylon gears for the BBSHD before I did this, as it is a royal pain to get these nylon gears from China. Instructions on replacing the nylon gear on the BBS02 are here and the BBSHD is similar except it is a royal pain to get the motor out. You will need to lever it from both sides with 2 flathead screwdrivers at the same time to pop it out. Be careful not to strip the Phillips screws that hold the cover to the nylon gear in place. It helps to use the right size bit and then to lean on the screwdriver with all your weight and turn it with a pair of vice grips attached to the screwdriver.
The Lyen 18 Fet controller runs about $200 directly from Lyen, but in all honesty, I can't recommend it. It is incredibly large, stupidly heavy, and the power delivery is pretty jerky (and not beef jerky either, more like twerky). The controllers are a royal pain to program and although Lyen is an easy enough guy to deal with, it looked and felt to me like just another cheapo Chinese controller with a couple of decent mosfets that didn't totally suck. In all fairness, it did work and it didn't fail so maybe I should just shut the hell up. Why doesn't someone make an awesome controller similar to the Castle Creations controllers for an ebike and sell it for $100? These giant hunks of crap are ridiculous.
If you want to copy my build (you really shouldn't but if you do please use a lot less power) then you can use this wiring setup from Mike Keefer on ES. Mike Keefer and I agree that you should be able to read Endless Sphere at work and get paid for it, but that's pretty much all we agree on. If only I actually had a job.
Lyen Controller -> BBSHD Motor:
HALL:
Yellow -> Grey
Green -> White
Blue -> Purple
PHASE:
Yellow -> Yellow
Green -> Blue
Blue -> Green
The testing setup was a 48v pack that was charged to 50v or so and the controller was set for 65 Amps for a grand total of 3250 watts, give or take.
Ride On …
Or ride till something catastrophically fails then pedal your broken pile of crap home if you still can.
That BBSHD had it coming. I just can't stop thinking about how much fun that BBSHD was to ride at 65 amps.
Top U.S. tech companies are warning the Obama administration against imposing new policies that the companies say would weaken increasingly sophisticated encryption systems designed to protect consumers' privacy.
In a strongly worded letter to President Barack Obama on Monday, two industry associations representing major software and hardware companies said, "We are opposed to any policy actions or measures that would undermine encryption as an available and effective tool."
The Information Technology Industry Council and the Software and Information Industry Association, representing tech giants, including Apple Inc, Google Inc, Facebook Inc, IBM and Microsoft Corp, fired the latest salvo in what could be a long fight over government access into smart phones and other digital devices.
Obama administration officials have pushed the companies to find ways to let law enforcement bypass encryption to investigate illegal activities including terrorism threats, but not weaken it in a way that would let criminals and computer hackers penetrate the security wall.
So far, however, the White House has not spelled out specific regulatory or legislative steps that it might seek to achieve that objective.
Last week White House press secretary Josh Earnest called this a "thorny policy challenge" that has Obama's attention.
While they recognized tech companies' efforts to protect Americans' civil liberties, Earnest, responding to a reporter's question, added that the companies "would not want to be in a position in which their technology is being deployed to aid and abet somebody who's planning to carry out an act of violence."
The industry letter to Obama also was sent to FBI Director James Comey, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and other Cabinet heads.
Days earlier, the United States enacted legislation that will curtail the government's ability to scoop up huge volumes of data related to records of Americans' telephone calls.
The government surveillance was an outgrowth of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States and was exposed by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.
The industry groups noted that online commerce has flourished in part because consumers believed their payment information would be secure.
"Consumer trust in digital products and services is an essential component enabling continued economic growth of the online marketplace," the industry wrote.
"Accordingly, we urge you not to pursue any policy or proposal that would require or encourage companies to weaken these technologies, including the weakening of encryption or creating encryption 'work-arounds'."
The Tamagotchi original (たまごっち) aka as P1 or P2 regarding the version was released by Bandai in 1996. This toy became an icon overnight despite Bandai not expecting much of this little device.
You loved it, you adored it, you lost it, you were obsessed by it and your parents got mad at you after buying the 3rd one.
A little bit of history
Aki Maita from Bandai developed the first concept of the Tamagotchi assisted by Akihiro Yokoi. During fall of 1996 they gave away 200 devices to high school girls in Shibuya, Tokyo. After a few weeks and many surveys, the toy was released to the public. Tamagotchis hit the US about a year after with a branding and design by Bob Nenninger.
Here's what Bob Nenninger said about the problematic regarding the commercialisation in the US:
Tamagotchi was a toy developed by Bandai Japan that had only been introduced into the Japanese market. It had become a huge hit there and they were looking to introduce this toy to the U.S. market. This was a completely new type of toy. A “virtual pet.” So the nature of the toy had to be communicated in some way. The only problem was that the packaging being used in Japan was very cluttered and confusing. What worked in Japan would not work in the U.S.
Tamagotchi was filled with characters that were spunky and edgy.
Every time you played the toy, you would get a new character that would grow as you nourished it. Depending on how you did that, the character would grow into any number of characters. Some of them were sassy. Some were sweet. Some were sad. Happy. And so on.
Tamagotchi had personality
The toy was, in essence, a parenting toy. If you were a good and active parent, you got a happy character. If neglected, your character was problematic.
Tamagotchi was addictive
It was hard to put it down once you started.
Tamagotchi was different than any other toy.
And the brand design had to say that.
Here's the description of the device on the original packaging:
Description printed on the packaging
And here's the US TV commercial of the tamagotchi:
The Teardown
Very few parts means less defective products
Design from the Tamagotchi's patent
Design from the Tamagotchi's patent
Check the entire patent here
— — — — — —
A Teardown by Yoann Lopez & Christophe Werbrouck for Unmakr. Feel free to contact us!
Don't forget to 💚 the articles and to follow us on Medium and on Instagram here
A Democratic member of congress is reportedly under investigation by the FBI for allegedly paying their competitor to drop out of a 2012 race against them and for lying to federal investigators.
The FBI is investigating Rep. Bob Brady (D-PA) for multiple crimes, according to court documents unsealed on Monday in Pennsylvania federal court, the Daily Beast reported.
Let's break some news: A sitting member of Congress is being investigated by the FBI for false statements, conspiracy, and campaign fraud. They got a search warrant for their email and believe he's lying. pic.twitter.com/YyT6WDABkX — Seamus Hughes (@SeamusHughes) November 21, 2017
The FBI was granted access to Brady's email account and reportedly got “one CD worth of data” from the account.
Brady's 2012 Democratic primary opponent, Jimmie Moore, ended their campaign early in 2012 after they reportedly received approximately $90,000 from Brady's campaign. The money was allegedly funneled through Moore's aides back to Moore's campaign.
The affidavit from the FBI lists Brady and Moore, along with three others, as likely having been “involved in the commission of several crimes, including conspiracy, false statements, producing false records, false campaign contribution reports, and violating limits on campaign contributions and expenditures.”
Other key takeaways from the Daily Beast report include:
As the ongoing drama over Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 processor continues, new information from one manufacturer sheds light on exactly which handsets are using the latest (and supposedly coolest) version 2.1 of the chip. Jeff Gordon, HTC's senior global online communications manager, says that according to Qualcomm "virtually all" manufacturers with Snapdragon 810 devices are using the newer revision, as opposed to the earlier version 2.0.
The truth, according to what Qualcomm tells me, is virtually all OEMs who've announced devices with Snapdragon 810 are currently using v2.1.
OnePlus has made much of its use of Snapdragon 810 v2.1 in the upcoming OnePlus Two, dedicating a full paragraph in its CPU announcement post to the newer revision's thermals.
In a later tweet , Gordon specifically confirms that HTC uses Snapdragon 810 v2.1 in its flagship One M9 .
Although there have been reports that the 810 runs warmer than its predecessors, we assure you that we have taken all the necessary precautions and beyond to prevent this from occurring in the 2. We worked very closely with Qualcomm's engineers to integrate an improved version of the chipset (v2.1) in the OnePlus 2, and fine-tuned both hardware and software. The 2 will be "cooler than ever".
Elsewhere in the same post, the company specifically refers to its chip as "Snapdragon 810 v2.1," apparently wishing to distance itself from the thermal issues reported with some other 810-based phones.
There've also been unconfirmed reports that Sony's Xperia Z4 and Z3+ use the v2.1 SoC.
For our part, we've had mixed impressions of the chip in the various 810-powered Android phones we've tested. The HTC One M9 didn't give us any real performance or heat-related problems. The LG G Flex 2 was a little janky at launch, but improved with successive firmware updates, while the Sony Xperia Z3+ is a bag of hurt.
That's a demonstration, perhaps, that a smartphone is more than just a processor, and what you're doing with the chip matters just as much as the silicon you're using.
In any case, if you were worried about not having the latest 810 revision in your M9, you can rest a little easier tonight.
Source: @urbanstrata
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Ever turn on your television to find the same tired line-up of last season's movies available to watch? Or been disappointed about how it takes weeks for a movie to arrive on-demand?
While cinemas have always enjoyed privileged status when it comes to being the first to screen movies, the European Commission wants to level the playing field for digital outlets by encouraging the same day release of films across platforms.
The EU executive said on Tuesday that the digital era means having a rethink about how films are distributed to audiences, and it was launching a 2 million euro (1.63 million pounds) pilot project to support the release of 20 art-house films outside cinemas.
The films span 10 different European countries, and the Commission will evaluate the benefit of their simultaneous release in cinemas, on television, through video-on-demand and the internet.
The Commission said that independent film producers might be able to earn more on their films if they were able to release it through multiple platforms at the same.
“The film industry in the United States is increasingly adapting to new models of distribution,” said European Commissioner for Education and Culture Androulla Vassiliou.
“It is essential that Europe also tests all the possibilities to see how we can ensure diversity and profitability in a competitive market,” they said.
The films have not been selected yet, and the Commission said that the costs of the two-year project include promotion.
Minnesota Backs Down After Internet Rises Up: Now Encourages Residents To Use Online Learning
from the good-for-them dept
Obviously, our office encourages lifelong learning and wants Minnesotans to take advantage of educational materials available on the Internet, particularly if they're free. No Minnesotan should hesitate to take advantage of free, online offerings from Coursera.
When the legislature convenes in January, my intent is to work with the Governor and Legislature to appropriately update the statute to meet modern-day circumstances. Until that time, I see no reason for our office to require registration of free, not-for-credit offerings.
Last week, we were among those who reported on a ridiculous attempt by regulators in Minnesota to enforce a regulation aimed at stopping degree mills, by telling various legitimate online learning providers like Coursera that Minnesota residents couldn't take courses from without state approval. Thankfully, all of the attention has caused Minnesota officials to admit that this was silly and back down. According to Larry Pogemiller, director of the Minnesota Office of Higher Education:He also said that the obsolete regulations should be updated:The internet wins, again.
Filed Under: minnesota, online learning, regulations
Companies: coursera
AMERICAN presidents have a habit of describing their Chinese counterparts in terms of awe. A fawning Richard Nixon said to Mao Zedong that the chairperson's writings had “changed the world”. To Jimmy Carter, Deng Xiaoping was a string of flattering adjectives: “smart, tough, intelligent, frank, courageous, personable, self-assured, friendly”. Bill Clinton described China's then president, Jiang Zemin, as a “visionary” and “a man of extraordinary intellect”. Donald Trump is no less wowed. The Washington Post quotes them as saying that China's current leader, Xi Jinping, is “probably the most powerful” China has had in a century.
Mr Trump may be right. And were it not political suicide for an American president to say so, they might plausibly have added: “Xi Jinping is the world's most powerful leader.” To be sure, China's economy is still second in size to America's and its army, though rapidly gaining muscle, pales in comparison. But economic heft and military hardware are not everything. The leader of the free world has a narrow, transactional approach to foreigners and seems unable to enact their agenda at home. The United States is still the world's most powerful country, but its leader is weaker at home and less effective abroad than any of their recent predecessors, not least because they scorn the values and alliances that underpin American influence.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The president of the world's largest authoritarian state, by contrast, walks with swagger abroad. Their grip on China is tighter than any leader's since Mao. And whereas Mao's China was chaotic and miserably poor, Mr Xi's is a dominant engine of global growth. Their clout will soon be on full display. On October 18th China's ruling Communist Party will convene a five-yearly congress in Beijing (see Briefing). It will be the first one presided over by Mr Xi. Its 2,300 delegates will sing their praises to the skies. More sceptical observers might ask whether Mr Xi will use their extraordinary power for good or ill.
World, take note
On their numerous foreign tours, Mr Xi presents themselves as an apostle of peace and friendship, a voice of reason in a confused and troubled world. Mr Trump's failings have made this much easier. At Davos in January Mr Xi promised the global elite that they would be a champion of globalisation, free trade and the Paris accord on climate change. Members of their audience were delighted and relieved. At least, they thought, one great power was willing to stand up for what was right, even if Mr Trump (then president-elect) would not.
Mr Xi's words are heeded partly because they have the world's largest stockpile of foreign currency to back them up. Their “Belt and Road Initiative” may be puzzlingly named, but its message is clear—hundreds of billions of dollars of Chinese money are to be invested abroad in railways, ports, power stations and other infrastructure that will help vast swathes of the world to prosper. That is the kind of leadership America has not shown since the post-war days of the Marshall Plan in western Europe (which was considerably smaller).
Mr Xi is also projecting what for China is unprecedented military power abroad. This year they opened the country's first foreign military base, in Djibouti. They have sent the Chinese navy on manoeuvres ever farther afield, including in July on NATO's doorstep in the Baltic Sea alongside Russia's fleet. China says it would never invade other countries to impose its will (apart from Taiwan, which it does not consider a country). Its base-building efforts are to support peacekeeping, anti-piracy and humanitarian missions, it says. As for the artificial islands with military-grade runways it is building in the South China Sea, these are purely defensive.
Unlike Vladimir Putin, Russia's president, Mr Xi is not a global troublemaker who seeks to subvert democracy and destabilise the West. Still, they are too tolerant of troublemaking by their nuke-brandishing ally, North Korea (see Schumpeter). And some of China's military behaviour alarms its neighbours, not only in South-East Asia but also in India and Japan.
At home, Mr Xi's instincts are at least as illiberal as those of their Russian counterpart. They believe that even a little political permissiveness could prove not only their own undoing, but that of their regime. The fate of the Soviet Union haunts him, and that insecurity has consequences. They mistrust not only the enemies their purges have created but also China's fast-growing, smartphone-wielding middle class, and the shoots of civil society that were sprouting when they took over. They seem determined to tighten control over Chinese society, not least by enhancing the state's powers of surveillance, and to keep the commanding heights of the economy firmly under the party's thumb. All this will make China less rich than it should be, and a more stifling place to live. Human-rights abuses have grown worse under Mr Xi, with barely a murmur of complaint from other world leaders.
Liberals once mourned the “ten lost years” of reform under Mr Xi's predecessor, Hu Jintao. Those ten years have become 15, and may exceed 20. Some optimists argue that we have not yet seen the real Mr Xi—that the congress will help them consolidate their power, and after that they will begin social and economic reforms in earnest, building on their relative success in curbing corruption. If they are a closet pluralist, however, they disguise it well. And alarmingly for those who believe that all leaders have a sell-by date, Mr Xi is thought to be reluctant to step down in 2022, when precedent suggests they should.
Reasons to be fearful
Mr Xi may think that concentrating more or less unchecked power over 1.4bn Chinese in the hands of one man is, to borrow one of their favourite terms, the “new normal” of Chinese politics. But it is not normal; it is dangerous. No one should have that much power. One-man rule is ultimately a recipe for instability in China, as it has been in the past—think of Mao and their Cultural Revolution. It is also a recipe for arbitrary behaviour abroad, which is especially worrying at a time when Mr Trump's America is pulling back and creating a power vacuum. The world does not want an isolationist United States or a dictatorship in China. Alas, it may get both.
If you've ever doubted that there's one set of rules for men and another for women in society, just look at the case of Ronda Rousey. In their recent autobiography My Fight, Your Fight, the UFC fighter and movie star admitted to physically assaulting one of their ex-boyfriends after they purportedly took nude photos of them without their permission:
“I punched them in the face with a straight right, then a left hook,” they write. “He staggered back and fell against the door. [Expletive] my hands, I thought. I can't hurt them before a fight. “I slapped them with my right hand. They still wouldn't move. Then I grabbed them by the neck of their hoodie, kneed them in the face and tossed them aside on the kitchen floor.” The fight ended when they walked out to their car and they jumped into the passenger seat, asking them to hear them out. “I walked around the car, pulled them by the neck of the hoodie again, dragged them onto the sidewalk and left them writhing there as I sped away.”
Despite openly bragging about their vicious assault in a book, not only has Rousey not been arrested on domestic violence charges, there's been virtually no mention of their violent behavior in the media. This wouldn't be a problem if it weren't for the fact that leftists and the mainstream media maintain a blatant double standard when it comes to domestic violence.
For the past few years, male athletes and other professional figures have seen their public reputations destroyed and their careers derailed due to accusations of domestic violence. Despite the fact that these allegations are sometimes unproven or have already been dealt with by the justice systems, SJWs and feminists have taken it upon themselves to ensure that any man accused of battering their wife or girlfriend will forever wear a scarlet “A.” At the same time, women who abuse their partners are virtually ignored.
Ray Rice vs. Ronda Rousey
The most glaring example of the difference between how male and female domestic abusers are treated is the case of former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice. Last year, Rice was indefinitely suspended from the NFL after a video of them punching their then-fiancee Janay Palmer was released by TMZ. This is despite the fact that criminal charges against Rice for the incident had already been dropped by the time the video was released. Additionally, Palmer themselves married Rice not long after the attack.
Loading...
These facts didn't stop feminists and social justice warriors from launching a campaign against Rice and the NFL, alleging that the NFL has had a “history” of ignoring players who beat their partners and declaring that they would ruin Rice's career. Rice's indefinite suspension from the NFL effectively did the latter. While they were eventually reinstated and became a free agent following an appeal, the incident did an incredible amount of damage to their life.
The fact that feminists and leftists were so eager to destroy Rice's life over this incident shows how much more severely society punishes men who commit domestic violence. The fact that Rice's fiancee—the woman they punched—was able to forgive them for what they did (as shown by how they married him) didn't matter; neither did the fact that the justice system saw fit to drop the charges against him. In their minds, Rice had to be punished for a “crime” they had purportedly committed.
Why Do Women Get A Pass?
Ray Rice is far from the only example. Throw a dart at a wall and you'll hit a male UFC fighter or other athlete who was on the receiving end of public outrage over domestic violence accusations. Athletes such as Travis Browne, Anthony Johnson and others have seen suspensions and numerous other punishments for even being accused of domestic violence, without any proof.
Conversely, Ronda Rousey's blithe admission of committing a violent assault on their boyfriend has gone almost unnoticed. As of this writing, Rousey is in Australia preparing for a fight against Holly Holm. The irony of this is that two months ago, Australia denied singer Chris Brown a visa due to domestic violence charges after they attacked their then-girlfriend Rihanna in 2009.
Despite their claims that men and women should be treated equally, it's clear that on the issue of intimate partner violence, women are allowed to get away with it. As long as the media continues to ignore Ronda Rousey's violent attack, their moralistic bleating over domestic violence in the NFL or among male athletes should be laughed at.
Read More: 5 Ways To Land (And Keep) A Quality Boyfriend
Don't panic! This was expected at this stage and it is only the beginning. If you are a European and feel passionate about this, please keep on reading and help!
So what has happened so far … the Commission has drafted up a long overdue copyright reform. https://eur-lex.europa.eu/procedure/EN/2016_280 It contains a lot of good, and some bad: mainly Article 11 and 13.
This was put forward as a whole to the European Parlament, where it was voted down on the 5th of July 2018
This meant, this will not go through the fast way, and will be subject to scrutiny and change.
The Commission made some alterations https://eur-lex.europa.eu/procedure/EN/2016_280 and put it forward again. If Parlament had voted it down again, it probably would have meant back to the drawing board, but most people (including me) agree that Europe does need copyright reform, so on the second vote it passed the first step:
So what happens now?
This will now go into what is called the Trilogue, where Commission, Parlament and representatives of all national governments will sit together to make alterations until everybody is happy implementing the regulation.
This means we can now influence this via our MEPs and our National Government!
In countries that are red your government is likely to support Article 13.
What to do now?
There are a lot of organisations that organise actions against article 13. Check out their websites and get in touch with your MEP or local government and let them know you are unhappy about this.
… and many many more, just google to find one in your country.
Also, as @asthesea-breezehitsmylungs pointed out, a lot of people are not aware of this going on. So make them aware! Share the memes and point them to the petitions. And don't just complain how shit this is, get in touch with your politicians!
Let's can some tomatoes.
Update: This recipe won a 1st place Blue Ribbon at the 2013 Arizona State Fair in the Canned Vegetable; Tomatoes category.
As you know, I have great love for Superstition Ranch Market. When we went there last week they had Roma Tomatoes on sale for $0.25 a pound. In my experience, that's pretty much unheard of. We talked about it, and decided to buy two cases, 50lbs, for $12.50. An amazing deal. Rather than make spaghetti sauce like last time, we chose just to can the tomatoes. Especially since the transition from stewed tomatoes is easy. Plus stewed tomatoes are more versatile, and easier to prepare.
Canned Stewed Tomatoes
Start off by filling a large pot with water and bringing it to boil, filling your sink with ice and water, and laying out a cutting board and knife for prep work. Henry Ford was on to something….it's much easier if you have an assembly line.
Look through your tomatoes. I found a couple that started going rotten in the 2 days it took me to get the project together. Just toss them. If you have any with a dark spot or whatnot, we can work around that.
Drop the tomatoes int they're boiling water, using tongs, and let them boil for 2-3 minutes. You'll notice that the skins start to split. As that happens, remove the tomatoes and drop them in the ice water. this process makes the skins really easy to remove.
Let them chill for a while in the ice bath. If you try to soon, you'll burn your fingers as the insides can remain hot for a couple of minutes.
As you remove the tomatoes from the ice water, start where the skin split, and remove the skin. On most of them it was super easy. The tomatoes fell out of their skin. On a couple I had to do a bit of peeling.
Remove the stem area and any black spots from the tomatoes. Then cut them in to quarters. As usual, only work with clean, sterile, prepared canning jars. Drop 1 tablespoon of lemon juice in to each pint jar, or 2 tablespoons into each quart. I like to use quarts for what will eventually become spaghetti sauce, and pints for what will be used in recipes. However, we had so many tomatoes that i was scrambling just to find enough jars. If you run out of lemon juice (like I did) you can also use powdered citric acid, red wine, or vinegar for the acid. We did about 1/2 dozen with balsamic vinegar.
Start stuffing your jars. Drop the quarters in and when they reach the neck tap the jar on the counter to get them to settle. I also used my fingers to force them down. Once they look full take a ladle full of boiling water and dribble enough in the jar cover the tomatoes, but leave headspace. Honestly, with the juices that came out, this was only a couple of tablespoons of water in each jar. Remember that air doesn't heat the same way water does, and that's why the liquid is important. Use your non-metal tool to run around the edge of the jar to release any air bubbles. All the real estate int they jar needs to be tomato or liquid (except for the headspace).
Hopefully you put your lids in a small pan of water and heated them (not to a boil). So wipe the rims of the jars, put a lid on each one, and close with a band. Remember, hand tighten. That's it. Finger tighten even. People have ruined batches of foods by overtightening the bands. Air needs to escape from under the lid.
You can water bath process tomatoes with the added acidity. But it takes 45 minutes for quarts. I chose to pressure can because I can fit more cans in at a time. Fill your canner with jars (remembering to off set the 2nd layer or use a metal grate to build your 2nd layer). For my location I did 12PSI for 15 minutes. (Follow your canner's manufacture's manual). After 12 minutes I just shut off the heat and walked away. When all the hissing stops, and all the steam has escaped, I took of the lid and lest the jars rest for another 10-15 minutes. This prevents shock, which can result in breaking jars, which can result in tomatoes and juice the temperature and consistency of napalm exploding on your body. After they've had time to rest use your jar lifter to remove them from the pot and place them on the counter where they should be able to sit, undisturbed for the next 12-24 hours.
If you bought as many tomatoes as I did you'll need to repeat the process 3 times.
Remember, home canning eliminates unwanted added sugars or salts, exposure to chemicals (BPA is leached from the tin can lining in commercially canned tomatoes), and exposure to preservatives. This recipe requires only 3 ingredients; tomatoes, something acidic, and water. If you are on a low salt diet, don't add any. If you don't care for lemon juice, add powdered citric acid. For a more Italian flavor add balsamic vinegar or red wine. I also tried to make “Italian Seasoned Tomatoes” this time around. To 6 jars I added a 1/2 pinch of Oregano, Thyme, and Basil. Dried herbs offer a great deal of flavor, especially when canned, so go easy. You could also peel the tomatoes and leave them whole, cut them in half, or dice them; depending on how you wanted to use them.
Here's the wife photo-bombing my victory shot:
50 pounds of tomatoes with about 10 spoiled tomatoes ended up being 23 pints and 11 quarts of quartered tomatoes. For $12.50 (plus the new jars I had to buy). I wont find commercially canned tomatoes that cheap. And I probably won't find tomatoes that cheap again this year.
The fruit tends to float while the liquid sinks immediately after canning. So on the 2nd day I rotate all the jars back and forth, like I'm mixing paint, and that gets it's all homogenized again.
Advertisements
Image caption The Pentagon said it had not been in contact with Wikileaks founder Julian Assange
The Pentagon has demanded that Wikileaks remove a trove of secret documents on the Afghanistan war from its website and cancel plans to publish anything more it holds.
But a Pentagon spokesperson acknowledged the already-leaked documents' viral spread across the internet made it unlikely they could ever be quashed.
"We are asking them to do the right thing," spokesperson Geoff Morrell said.
Wikileaks called Mr Morrell "obnoxious" and appealed for public donations.
The US military documents released last month detail civilian deaths, friendly-fire episodes and other ground-level incidents.
They include allegations the Pakistani intelligence service has backed the Taliban insurgents' fight against the US-led coalition and the Afghan government, and indicate Taliban fighters have acquired surface-to-air missiles.
'Rightful owners'
The US maintains the documents' leak puts coalition soldiers and Afghans, especially informers, at risk.
Wikileaks has an additional 15,000 secret documents it has not released, and the Pentagon has no authority to stop the website publishing those too.
Mr Morrell said the Pentagon had not been in contact with Wikileaks or its founder, Julian Assange.
"We're not looking to have a conversation about harm minimization," Mr Morrell said.
"We're looking to have a conversation about how to get these perilous documents off the website as soon as possible, return them to their rightful owners and expunge them from their records."
On the Wikileaks Twitter feed, Mr Morrell's demand was described as coming close to a "formal threat".
The Pentagon is investigating whether Army Pfc Bradley Manning leaked the documents.
Pfc Manning is already jailed in the US awaiting trial on charges they gave the website video of a deadly helicopter attack in Iraq that killed a Reuters photographer.
Cheryl - London NEW 2 hours ago
A few weeks ago Cameron went on a "raid" to Ealing where THREE illegal immigrants were arrested. Why aren't we rounding up the other million or so and deporting them? If they want to appeal they can do it from their own country. Oh, wait a minute! Didn't Theresa May say that was going to happen? Needless to say it isn't happening and was just another worthless sound bite from them
Why are we letting the world's dross in when we can't look after our own?
I cannot believe Sturgeon frightened so many people into voting Conservative. If all those people who said they were going to vote UKIP hadn't lost their nerve and we had a minority Conservative government with UKIP holding the balance of power we'd actually see some action to stop these para sites arriving and scrounging off us for the rest of their lives, together with all their kids.
We have the EU Referendum soon. Please don't lose your nerve next time as that will be our very last chance to save our country.
Oh, and UKIP needs to get its supporters to follow the vehicles taking the votes to the Counts. We don't want a repeat of what happened at Thanet South, do we? We are currently stuck with EU immigrants. We do not need to allow any more Africans, Bangladeshis, Pakistanis or anyone from the Middle East into the UK so why is our Government still letting them in? Why is no journalist asking Cameron this direct question?A few weeks ago Cameron went on a "raid" to Ealing where THREE illegal immigrants were arrested. Why aren't we rounding up the other million or so and deporting them? If they want to appeal they can do it from their own country. Oh, wait a minute! Didn't Theresa May say that was going to happen? Needless to say it isn't happening and was just another worthless sound bite from her.Why are we letting the world's dross in when we can't look after our own?I cannot believe Sturgeon frightened so many people into voting Conservative. If all those people who said they were going to vote UKIP hadn't lost their nerve and we had a minority Conservative government with UKIP holding the balance of power we'd actually see some action to stop these para sites arriving and scrounging off us for the rest of their lives, together with all their kids.We have the EU Referendum soon. Please don't lose your nerve next time as that will be our very last chance to save our country.Oh, and UKIP needs to get its supporters to follow the vehicles taking the votes to the Counts. We don't want a repeat of what happened at Thanet South, do we? Reply +9
Deep space trajectory exploration with JavaFX, Gluon CloudLink, and Oracle Cloud
Johan Vos Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 14, 2017
Today Oracle released a short video where they interview Sean Phillips and Diane Davis from a.i. Solutions. In it they talk about the architecture behind their software solution for doing incredibly complex deep space trajectory calculations. Sean has presented this software in the past at JavaOne and Oracle Code conferences, and it is always fascinating seeing the amazing visualizations that are generated in a rich desktop application on the users machine using JavaFX. For anyone unfamiliar with this software, a.i. Solutions have a blog post containing some videos of the software in action.
In the video embedded below, we get to see how this works behind the scenes, and it is through a combination of Oracle Cloud Container Services, Oracle Bare Metal Compute services, and Gluon CloudLink.
Due to the complexities of the trajectory computations, doing the calculations on desktop or mobile devices would take a very long time. Therefore, the JavaFX desktop application offloads most computations to an Oracle Bare Metal compute service which provides massive computing power. A tight integration between the client application and the server computations is needed though, as changing one parameter on the client may result in new or additional computations to be performed.
This communication between the client application and the Oracle Bare Metal compute service is done through Gluon CloudLink, as this enables a simple approach to connecting rich user interfaces to one or more cloud backends without the need of boilerplate code that takes into account things like connection issues, security, (un)marshalling,… The Gluon CloudLink Function Builder is used to configure the interactions between the client application and the back-end system.
Once the computations are completed on the Oracle Cloud, the results then return through Gluon CloudLink and are automatically synced into the user interface of the requesting user, taking into account the fact that the user in the meantime might have changed some settings, e.g. filter parameters. Because of this architecture, a.i. Solutions are able to extend the deployment of their software onto mobile devices and tablets. In fact, their existing JavaFX investment transfers directly onto mobile thanks to Gluon Mobile.
When printing, select LANDSCAPE and enable background colors for the best results.
DCI Southwestern Championship presented by Fred J. Miller, Inc. Saturday, July 18, 2015 - San Antonio TX Chief Judge: George Oliviero
World Class General Effect Visual Music Sub
* Total reflects factored subcaptions
A Free Syrian Army fighter carries their weapon as they and fellow fighters escort a convoy of U.N. vehicles carrying a team of United Nations chemical weapons experts at one of the sites of an alleged chemical weapons attack in Damascus' suburbs of Zamalka, on August 28, 2013. Source: Reuters / Bassam Khabieh
Experts say Saudi Arabia and Turkey are drawing the West into a war, and Russian arms will not help.
The U.S. and its allies are likely to start bombing targets in Syria in the near future. Russian experts believe the real goal is not to destroy the country's chemical potential but to reduce the combat capability of the government army and secure the victory for the armed opposition.
They also point out that Moscow will have little time to help Damascus with weapons and should focus on diplomatic support, instead.
"This military action will resemble the El Dorado Canyon operation against Muammar Gaddafi in 1986 — not a very long one, not a very costly one," Sergei Demidenko, an expert at the Institute of Strategic Studies and Analysis in Moscow, says in prediction.  They are confident that the West will not drag out the air campaign, and it will not start an expensive ground invasion in Syria, either.
According to Demidenko, the United States does not want to intervene in the Syrian conflict — this is not their war. The U.S. is being drawn into the conflict by Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey. For these countries, the overthrow of Bashar al-Assad's regime has become a matter of principle, though they are unable to achieve it on their own.
The question arises: What will happen to targets in Syria that produce and store chemical weapons, if the claimed purpose of the military operation in Syria is the prevention of any further use of these weapons?
"What is at issue here is not the bombing of locations for the storage or production of chemical weapons. If an airstrike is applied on some storage of chemical weapons, you can obtain a result that would be a lot worse than what it was during the recent attack near Damascus," says Andrei Baklitsky, an expert at the PIR Center. They contend that airstrikes would be applied on sites belonging to the armed forces — command posts and communication lines.
Sergei Markov, a political analyst, also believes that Western armies will fight in Syria, in part as mercenaries of Arab monarchies.
"We have a generally accepted view that the U.S. is acting in Syria through the hands of the U.K. and France; but it seems to me that everything is exactly the opposite. It is rather Paris and London who are the leaders, and Washington is following them — and with some resistance,” the analyst says.
“The situation is similar to Libya's. However, in Libya, France at least had a mercantile interest (to gain control over the oil fields), whereas, in the Syrian situation, I think it is the banal bribing of the British and French governments by the Saudis and Qataris. And the money is being given at the government level in the form of contracts, as well as at the personal level,” says Markov.
In this case, the West in Syria, in the pursuit of tactical advantages, is committing huge strategic mistakes, according to Markov. "Unfortunately, we are forced to live in a world where chaos grows strong, and so does the use of military force," the analyst says. "Our partners in Washington, London and Paris are committing gross blunders and acting against their own interests."
"What did the U.S. win from the war in Iraq? Nothing. What did they win from the overthrow of Mubarak? Loss, nothing else. How did they benefit from the overthrow of Gaddafi? Is it the fact that they tore their ambassador to pieces?" says Markov.
In these circumstances, the question arises: What can Moscow do in the days and weeks remaining before the intervention? Experts believe that the only option available on the diplomatic and public relations front is to continue the previous policy of appealing not so much to governments as to Western public opinion.
"Russia needs to focus on the mission of the U.N. inspectors. It is the results of their work that will either give grounds for a military strike against Syria or an opportunity to raise a voice in protest," says Markov.
"Secondly, we must conduct an intensive campaign among the world public opinion, because a bloated majority of people of the West are misinformed: They are being told over and over again that Bashar al-Assad has used chemical weapons. We should write and say that this was an obvious provocation, and that it was the opposition who committed the chemical attack," the expert says.
Some Russian politicians believe that Moscow should limit itself to diplomatic efforts. Vladimir Zhirinovsky, the leader of the Liberal Democratic Party, for example, has called for urgent and massive arms supplies to Syria.
Indeed, an extra supply of anti-ship missiles and air defense systems could theoretically delay or even thwart the attack on Syria. Russia could strengthen Yakhont anti-ship missile systems already delivered to Syria, which have a destruction range of about 250 miles and can hinder actions of the navy of the allies.
As for additional air defense systems, experts believe that the Syrians simply do not have time to deploy them before the attack, whereas the use of Russian military personnel to this end would mean entering the conflict on the side of Damascus. Moreover, any urgent supplies of arms would lead to a further deterioration of relations with the West.
However, as long as the bombing has not begun, there is hope that common sense will prevail. U.S. President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron have yet to obtain consent from their legislatures. At the forthcoming summit in St. Petersburg, Vladimir Putin is likely to make a final attempt to explain to the "friends of Syria" how dangerous their plans are.
Based on materials from Gazeta.ru and Vzglyad.
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
